CNN  -- Two Gonzaga University students are on probation for the rest of their time at the Washington state school for using a gun to scare a man they say was trying to barge into their apartment , their lawyer said Tuesday . Having such a firearm on university-owned property violates Gonzaga policy , a fact that led to the possibility that students Erik Fagan and Daniel McIntosh would be suspended or expelled . That did n't happen . The two were instead placed on probation , according to their lawyer Dean Chuang . Harsher penalties may follow if either is found to have violated university policies in the future . Fagan and McIntosh think being on probation goes too far because the penalty goes on their permanent record and means they are n't "  in good standing " at private , four-year Catholic university in Spokane , Washington . They are appealing the school 's decision , said Chuang . The lawyer also said he 's found that Gonzaga does not own the apartment complex where the incident took place ; rather , the university has a 99-year lease from the complex 's owners and is subleasing units to students . The penalties stem from an incident the night of October 24 , when the two students got a knock on their apartment door . Fagan told CNN affiliate KXLY in Spokane that he opened the door , and a stranger , who said he 'd just gotten out of jail , asked for $ 15 . Fagan told KXLY he offered the man a blanket and a can of food but "  did n't feel comfortable " giving the man money because he was a stranger . "  My gut instinct was telling me I was n't going to be able to get that door closed before he came through , " Fagan said . As the man started coming through the door , Fagan said , he yelled for McIntosh , his roommate . McIntosh said he came to the door with his pistol drawn , and the students said the man turned and ran away . Both police and campus security responded when Fagan and McIntosh then called 911 . According to the Gonzaga 's Executive Vice President Earl Martin , all university housing is patrolled at regular intervals by campus security . But this particular apartment complex is n't gated , and secured key cards or codes are n't required for entrance . Shortly after the incident , police captured the man , whom they identified as a six-time convicted felon . At about 2 a.m. the next day , campus security officers returned to Fagan and McIntosh 's apartment and confiscated a pistol and a shotgun from the apartment . The gun is owned by Fagan , who uses it to hunt periodically , and McIntosh has a state-issued permit to carry a concealed handgun , Chuang said . In Washington state , gun owners are not required to register their weapons . In a disciplinary board hearing on Friday , the board , made up of three faculty members and two students , found Fagan and McIntosh guilty of two infractions -- possessing weapons on school grounds and putting others in danger by the use of weapons , according to Chuang . The next day , university President Thayne McCulloh said he believes this incident offers "  an opportunity to do some important work , as a community , to objectively re-examine our firearms policy and openly debate perspectives and contextual issues . " Until a change is made , though , the current rules remain in effect . Louisiana kidnap victim 's cousin kicks down door , shoots and kills abductor CNN 's Rick Martin and Jackie Castillo contributed to this story	2 Gonzaga University students say they used a gun to scare off an intruder The man who tried to get into their apartment -- a convicted felon -- was caught Having guns is a violation of Gonzaga policy ; the 2 could have been expelled They are on probation instead ; their lawyer says they 'll appeal this decision
CNN  -- A British couple kidnapped by pirates has been released after more than a year in captivity , Somali leaders said Sunday . Paul and Rachel Chandler were seized from their yacht in October last year , just after they set sail from the Seychelles Islands for Tanzania . "  They are physically and mentally doing well , and excited to be alive , " said Mohamed Aden , a local elder in Adado . "  Paul and Rachel Chandler are safe and doing fine . They have had a good shower and they are eating breakfast . " Aden was one of the key elders involved in helping secure their release . Last year , Paul Chandler pleaded for their life in a two-minute video broadcast on Britain 's Channel 4 . He was surrounded by armed men pointing weapons at him . British couple 's plight as pirate captives At the time , Chandler said the captors could kill them if a $ 7 million ransom were not paid . "  We are concerned that these people will lose patience and will not feed us -- and I have no doubt that they will not hesitate to kill us , perhaps within a week or so of now if there is no response , " he said . "  So , please somebody get in touch . Otherwise we just sleepwalk to a tragic ending . " It was unclear whether a ransom was paid for their release . Last year , British officials refused to pay a ransom or negotiate with pirates . "  The government will not make substantive concessions for hostage takers , including the payments of ransom , " the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office said in a statement . Pirates have been very active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia .	Paul and Rachel Chandler were seized from their yacht last year "  They are physically and mentally doing well , " a local leader says It is unclear whether a ransom was paid for their release
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI presided over Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve , delivering a homily that focused on the "  essence " of the holiday rather than the "  commercial celebration " it has become . "  Today Christmas has become a commercial celebration , whose bright lights hide the mystery of God 's humility , which in turn calls us to humility and simplicity , " the pope said after recalling the story of Christmas . "  Let us ask the Lord to help us see through the superficial glitter of this season , and to discover behind it the child in the stable in Bethlehem , so as to find true joy and true light . " The 84-year-old pope , presiding over his seventh mass as pontiff , also conjured up an image of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem , explaining that visitors must bend down to enter its low opening , drawing a tie to what followers of Christ must do to find their faith . "  If we want to find the God who appeared as a child , then we must dismount from the high horse of our ` enlightened ' reason , " he said . " ... In this spirit let us celebrate the liturgy of the holy night , let us strip away our fixation on what is material , on what can be measured and grasped . " The pope started off Saturday 's celebrations by lighting a peace candle in the window of his study during the unveiling of a larger-than-life nativity scene in St. Peter 's Square . The scene , at 23 feet high and 82 feet wide , is dedicated to the Virgin Mary , according to the Vatican 's news agency . Thousands poured into the square and St. Peter 's Basilica ahead of the Midnight Mass , which was actually held at 10 p.m. this year . Before his homily , the aging pontiff rode down St. Peter 's long aisle on a wheeled platform , waving to worshipers . Benedict will follow the Christmas Eve celebrations with his annual Christmas message "  To the City and To the World " -- Urbi et Orbi in Latin -- on Sunday .	Benedict deplores the "  superficial glitter of this season " A nativity scene is unveiled in St. Peter 's Square The pontiff will deliver his annual Christmas message Sunday
Editor 's note : Since becoming State Department producer in 2000 , Elise Labott has covered four secretaries of state and reported from more than 50 countries . Before joining CNN , she covered the United Nations . Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meet in Washington . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi made the rounds in Washington just as President Obama 's national security team shifted its attention to Pakistan . This week Secretary of Defense Williams Gates called the Afghan border with Pakistan the "  epicenter of jihad . " And the renewed focus on Pakistan suggests that Obama has a new role for Pakistan in the battle against al Qaeda and the Taliban . After all , in developing a strategy for "  Afpak , " Obama acknowledged the United States can not win in Afghanistan without cooperation from Pakistan , the suspected hideout of Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders . Which is why the buzzword of both Qureshi and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton this week was "  partnership , " as in the United States and Pakistan are united in a "  strategic partnership " against a common enemy . Right now , the relationship between the two countries is less a partnership and more an uneasy marriage with a history fraught with decades of mutual mistrust and disappointment . In the late 1980s , the United States partnered with Pakistan to supply mujahedeen fighters with weapons and training to defeat the Soviets in Afghanistan . Then the United States abandoned the region , leaving the Pakistanis , in Clinton 's words , "  awash in drugs ... and jihadists who had been trained up in conjunction with us . " Now the Americans are back . But , rightly , the Pakistanis are wondering if this time they will stay . This week Qureshi urged the United States not to repeat history , but rather to articulate a "  long-term commitment " for the region . That 's exactly what the United States is trying to do with an aid package worth $ 1.5 billion a year for five years for social and economic development and with discretionary military spending . By building roads , schools and democratic institutions , the United States hopes to combat both Islamic extremism and anti-Americanism . In part the aid has had the opposite effect . Tough conditions attached to the aid to ensure the Pakistanis are fighting terrorism on their own soil have prompted fears and resentment about renewed -- and unwanted -- American influence . The military spending in the Kerry-Lugar legislation threatens to cut off assistance if Pakistan fails to crack down on extremists or uses the funding to attack neighboring countries , namely India . It requires Pakistan 's cooperation in efforts to dismantle nuclear weapons networks operating in the country and demands Pakistan provides the information about its military budget and chain of command , all of which has given birth to grave concern in the military that the aid package is compromising Pakistan 's sovereignty . The bill also makes reference to the southwestern city of Quetta and eastern town of Muridke . Both are believed to be hubs for al Qaeda and Taliban leaders , which suggests that the United States could target those cities for the kind of drone attacks which have drawn Pakistani ire . As the Pakistani parliament debates the bill , street protests over the aid have spread through the country . The fears about sovereignty have only been aggravated over U.S. plans to send hundreds more diplomats to its embassy in Islamabad . Washington says the additional staff is needed to distribute and monitor the aid , but it has all left Pakistanis humiliated and feeling like a child who needs a babysitter . Pakistan also wants more credit from the United States for decisive action it has taken against terrorists , including its recent offensive in the Swat Valley . The United States has been impressed by the Pakistani army 's recent offensive against the Taliban in Swat . And it is encouraged that Pakistan is gearing up to launch a major offensive in Waziristan , believed to be a stronghold of both the Taliban and al Qaeda . But the conditions attached to the aid are a symptom of the United States ' longstanding doubts about the Pakistanis ' capacity to be a reliable partner it needs in the struggle against al Qaeda and the Taliban . Not only are there concerns about Pakistani intelligence ties to extremist networks , but the United States continues to fear Pakistan 's obsession with its nuclear neighbor India will divert its focus from fighting terrorist threats on its own soil . As the United States struggles over the future of the mission in Afghanistan , Pakistan wants to strengthen cooperation . This week Qureshi said the United States needed to share more critical information it has about al Qaeda and the Taliban on its border . What 's more , he suggested the administration should consult with both the Pakistani military and civilian government before deciding to send more troops . The sad legacy of U.S. and Pakistani relations can be overcome only if both counties are able to rebuild trust . Pakistan needs to answer lingering questions about the country 's commitment to fighting terrorism . And after 20 years of neglect , the United States needs to assure Pakistan it wo n't exploit it for its own interests , only to abandon the region once again . Only then will this uneasy marriage give way to a true partnership .	U.S.-Pakistan relationship fraught with decades of mistrust and disappointment Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi asks U.S. for "  long-term commitment " U.S. aid package of $ 1.5 billion is for social and economic development
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will appeal to voters Sunday with his track record on education , housing , health and living standards the past 13 years -- with an admission he needs to do more on bureaucracy and crime . His opponent , Henrique Capriles Radonski , also is advancing social programs , but as the candidate of an opposition coalition , he is urging a new path that he says would promote government efficiency and fix problems in the country 's infrastructure . The two men are offering competing visions for the oil-rich country in this weekend 's presidential election . Venezuela is the fourth-largest exporter of oil to the United States , though the two countries have often been at odds under Chavez ' presidency . Chavez is a charismatic standard-bearer of the Latin American left , but the ebullient leader is 58 years old and has been visibly weakened by two surgeries for cancer . He has kept secret his kind of cancer and prognosis . Capriles is a fast-rising conservative who was a mayor , a parliament member and governor of Miranda , which adjoins the nation 's capital . The 40-year-old attorney-turned-politician is so active on the campaign trial that he 's nicknamed the "  roadrunner . " His skinny stature is yet another contrast to Chavez , who 's of beefy build . Capriles is posturing as a moderate who favors some of Chavez 's programs , such as his social "  missions " -- which could prove problematic with the coalition of conservative parties backing his candidacy , analysts say . "  This is the most united that the opposition has been " against Chavez , said Miguel Tinker Salas , a Latin American history professor at Pomona College in California and author of "  The Enduring Legacy : Oil , Culture and Citizenship in Venezuela . " Capriles ' Justice First party has adhered to a conservative , neo-liberal economic policy , but his "  First 100 Days of Progress " plan emphasizes "  political reconciliation " in which he would help workers in state enterprises and missions and maintain unions as "  a force . " Capriles is facing "  a Venezuela that has now been transformed in the last 14 years , and he faces a significant challenge to reinvent himself and not sound like a chameleon , " Tinker Salas said . "  He hopes that the people of Venezuela have a certain degree of amnesia " about his conservatism , Tinker Salas added . Capriles said he would root out corruption in the Chavez administration , and he says that that Venezuela 's crime rate has made people fearful of leaving their homes . His plan for progress would improve public safety , maternal care , housing , education , and health programs . Like Chavez , he is appealing to struggling families . Almost one in fourth births in Venezuela is by mothers who are under age 19 , Capriles says . At the same time , Capriles would decentralize and reform government and make public service delivery more efficient . "  He 's not saying that Chavez is bad , but because of his very authoritarian style of government , programs have not been creating results , and that 's why people are frustrated and he 's tapping into that , " said Michael Shifter , president of Inter-American Dialogue . Capriles would continue Chavez 's social agenda -- but with more results , Shifter said . Government hiring would be based on expertise , not political loyalties , for example . "  To his credit , he 's showing a sense of realism in the campaign , and he 's not promising dramatic changes from one day to the next , and he know it 's going to take time , " Shifter said . For his part , Chavez has pledged he would keep the economy growing , said Mark Weisbrot , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research . Despite a recession a few years ago , the Venezuelan economy has expanded the past two and a half years , Weisbrot said . Unemployment has been halved since Chavez took office 1999 , down to the 7 % range , he added . Chavez would continue to reduce extreme poverty -- which now stands at 7 % -- through payments to households with children and boosting living standards . His administration has recently built 250,000 homes for families -- which , based on national population , would be equivalent to 2.5 million new homes in the United States , Weisbrot said . "  Since the Chavez government got control over the national oil industry , poverty has been cut by half and extreme poverty by 70 percent . College enrollment has more than doubled , millions of people have access to health care for the first time , and the number of people eligible for public pensions has quadrupled , " Weisbrot wrote in a recent analysis . Added Shifter about Chavez : "  He 's running on what he has accomplished , much like Barack Obama . " "  But there is still a gap between the rich and the poor , and those are contradictions that Chavez has to address , " Shifter said . There 's other room for improvement , Chavez has indicated . "  His big promises are where he recognizes that the government has failed , and it needs more efficiency in public works , infrastructure and governing , " Weisbrot said . One apparent sign of infrastructure woes occurred in August when an oil refinery explosion killed 42 people . That plant suffered mismanagement , delays in major maintenance and underinvestment , according to analysts and an engineering firm 's recent report . The state-run oil company that operates the refinery was found to have been hampered by how Chavez uses the refineries as "  a cash cow " to fund social programs such as building homes for low-income voters , the report said . The fires at the Amuay refinery also were described as "  the most lethal industry accident in Venezuela to date " by analysts . The government 's refinery manager also said the explosion was n't due to a lack of maintenance , according to government television . Chavez said that such accusations were "  irresponsible " because investigators were still trying to determine the cause of the accident . What gives Venezuela global importance is its 500 billion barrels in oil reserves . That compares to its total production and exports of 1 billion barrels a year , Weisbrot said . That means Venezuela is going to be around for a long time -- with Chavez possibly at the helm , experts say . "  The United States is just going to have to get used to it , " Weisbrot said . "  They 've been wrong about this guy just like they 've been wrong about Cuba for the past 50 years . "  Look at all of the leftist governments that have been elected : Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay , Ecuador , Bolivia and all of them have been re-elected and some of them twice . "  That 's what happens when you deliver on your promises , " Weisbrot said .	Hugo Chavez is running on his 13-year record as Venezuela 's president But Chavez is acknowledging that there 's room for improvement , analysts say Henrique Capriles is the opposition candidate who also favors a social agenda Capriles is also seeking government efficiencies and infrastructure improvements
CNN  Is there pixie dust mixed into the food and drink of the happiest places on Earth ? Or is it something in the crisp clear air of many of the world 's happiest nations ? When the United Nations declared March 20 the International Day of Happiness , it recognized the relevance of "  happiness and well-being as universal goals and aspirations in the lives of human beings around the world . " This officially-designated happy date is marking its third year . The happiest of countries -- many of which are in Scandinavia according to the most recent World Happiness Report -- have a robust combination of higher life expectancy , gross domestic product per capita , social support , generosity , freedom to make life choices and lower perceptions of corruption . By analyzing happiness data , officials hope to improve the world 's social , economic and environmental well-being . The report is sponsored by the Sustainable Development Solutions Network for the United Nations . The network published the last World Happiness Report in 2013 and expects to release its next report in April . World Happiness Report 2013  PDF What about those of us who do n't live in the top 10 happiest countries in the world ? We ca n't wave a magic wand and improve our home country 's economy or reduce corruption . And the world 's greatest beach is ... Maybe if you travel to happy countries with an open mind and a loving heart , you can pick up on that Danish spirit of "  hygge , " which is sometimes translated too simply as the Danish need for "  coziness . " It 's really a more complex sense of intimacy , community and contentment that generally happens with friends and family . Lest you doubt the Danes and their hygge , remember they live in the happiest country in the world . 1 . Denmark Denmark came in first place as the happiest country in the world in the 2013 happiness report and one of the happiest places in Denmark must surely be Tivoli Gardens . One of the world 's oldest amusement parks , Tivoli Gardens will reopen on April 10 for the season to throngs of native and foreign visitors . If a calmer Copenhagen is more your preference , visit the King 's Garden at Rosenborg Castle , a popular spot for locals to picnic during the summertime . 10 record-setting U.S. natural wonders 2 . Norway Dining in the Norwegian capital city of Oslo will make any gourmand smile with joy . The esteemed Michelin food guide 2014 awarded five stars among four restaurants : Ylajali , Statholdergaarden and Fauna each received one star each , while Maeemo held onto two stars . For a more natural experience in Norway , head to Dovrefjell National Park in the Dovrefjell mountain area to spot musk oxen , those shaggy arctic creatures , on a guided tour . You might also spot reindeer at the mountain area , which is the barrier between southern and central Norway . 3 . Switzerland The Swiss town of Zermatt and the 200 miles of ski slopes in the region will delight any avid skier . And serious hikers will enjoy the famous Matterhorn . Even in summer the slopes welcome some of the world 's national ski teams to train -- and you , on your relaxing vacation . For a quieter Switzerland experience , head to the car-free village of Appenzell  population 7,000  and its extensive network of hiking trails . Take a warm whey bath and nibble a piece of Alpine cheese . 4 . Netherlands The tulip -- the happiest and most iconic of Dutch flowers -- has already started to bloom at the Keukenhof gardens , which opens March 20 for Holland 's spring season . Visitors come from all over Europe to see the different varieties of tulips and other flowers .  Make sure to visit before the gardens close on May 18 . For a more active view of the tulips , take a bike tour through Holland 's flower growing region . Fit travelers can bike the Ijsselmeer tour , which winds through the country for about 400 kilometers  about 250 miles  over eight days . If you do n't want to stay on your bike for a week , there are shorter trips or you can plan your own . 5 . Sweden Stockholm 's Gamla Stan is one of the largest and best preserved medieval city centers in Europe , and one of the top attractions in the city . After exploring Stockholm 's medieval past , stroll through the city 's Royal National City Park , the world 's first urban national park . For a more peaceful attempt at happiness in Sweden , why not book a paddling trip through Western Sweden ? Kosterhavet Marine National Park on the Bohuslän coast is an ideal spot for exploration , and the park can be reached from several towns along the coast . No matter where you are , make sure to take a fika , a coffee break , with your new Swedish friends  it 's not something Swedes do alone  . If you do n't drink coffee , any drink will do . It 's about relaxing together as a community . 6 . Canada Protecting the land of Banff National Park is one of Canada 's happiest and smartest decisions and it is certainly worth your time to explore on skis . Check out Skoki Lodge to see the first commercial ski lodge built in Canada . If you want to go off the beaten path in Canada , consider exploring the Haida Gwaii  Islands of the People  , formerly known as the Queen Charlotte Islands and the home of the Haida Nation . Just a two-hour flight from Vancouver , there 's plenty of outdoor activities and exploration of the culture and history of one of Canada 's First Nations . 7 . Finland Of course you should see the Northern Lights and even Santa Claus Village  open year round for your convenience  . Want to make your trip to Finland a little more special ? How about sleeping in a glass igloo at Kakslauttanen ? Enjoy an amazing view of the Northern Lights and a starry sky above in your room temperature two-person igloo .  Toilet included . Showers are in a separate building . If you prefer a small seaside town , head to Hanko where cycling , surfing and diving are all possible during the warmer months . There 's a saying in the Finnish language  or so we are told  that when you 're really happy , you smile like a cookie from Hanko .  Explanation for that in this pdf .  You ca n't not be happy in Hanko . 8 . Austria The music at Vienna 's Musikverein 's famous Golden Hall , is happiness for the ears and having the famed chocolate Sacher torte at the Café Sacher in Vienna is music for the mouth . If you prefer to get away from the hustle and bustle of Vienna , have a meal at the Pogusch Country Inn , the sister restaurant of the famous Steirereck in Vienna . To extend your pleasure , book a room at the inn and enjoy a weekend in the country . 9 . Iceland No one should visit Iceland without taking a dip at the country 's famous Blue Lagoon . The airport bus sometimes even offers paying passengers a stop there on the way to and from the airport , and the waters  and food  are divine . Or make sure you take a soak at any of the county 's other naturally heated swimming pools . If you 're up for an adventure , head to Snæfellsjökull National Park to see a glacier on top of a still active volcano  although the last time it erupted was 1,900 years ago  . You will spot Snæfellsjökull  Snæfell Glacier  , Saxhóll volcano crater , Lóndrangar massive lava formations and Rauðfeldargjá the hidden waterfall . Snæfellsjökull was made famous by Jules Verne 's "  A Journey to the Center of the Earth . " 10 . Australia One of the seven natural wonders of the world and a site on the UNESCO World Heritage List , the Great Barrier Reef is a must-see site for any first-time visitor to Australia . The Great Barrier Reef covers 344,400 kilometers in area and includes the largest coral reef ecosystem in the world . Some 600 continental islands , 3,000 coral reefs and about 150 inshore mangrove islands are included in the area . Yet it could be argued that the residents of Wollongong are among the nation 's happiest . Bypass the area 's hang gliding and golf  unless they make you happy  and head straight to the Nan Tien  "  Paradise of the South " in Chinese  Temple , the biggest Buddhist temple in the Southern Hemisphere . Try one-day or weekend retreats for a better chance at going home more enlightened -- maybe even happier .	March 20 is the United Nations-designated International Day of Happiness Try visiting some of the happiest countries to catch a bit of their spirit The Danish spirit of ` hygge " may take over your visit
Khumbu Valley , Nepal  CNN  -- Italian climber Claudio Tessarolo has been at Mount Everest base camp for the last 10 days , waiting to find out if his attempt to summit the world 's highest peak can go ahead . He says it 's been 10 days of rumors -- 10 days of watching other expedition teams make the difficult decision to leave , one by one . This morning , he and his team finally decided to pack up and follow them . "  For once , the local people decided about Everest , " he says . I 've been climbing towards base camp through the Khumbu Valley for the last five days . Helicopters have been a constant presence , breaking the beautiful silence that lovers of the mountains treasure . They carry negotiators to Kathmandu , officials to base camp and climbers back home . On the ground , I cross paths with yak caravans , ascending empty and descending with full loads . "  Why is everyone leaving ? " a German climber asks me . "  There is still one month of opportunity before the monsoon arrives . " Despite conflicting reports to the contrary , the mountain is still open . The government has not issued any prohibition against climbing , releasing a statement on April 24 encouraging expedition teams to go ahead with the season . But support for this season 's climb has trickled away , day after day , since the April 18 avalanche that left 13 guides dead and three missing -- the deadliest accident in the history of the world 's highest peak . A group of about 50 people , mostly Nepali Sherpas , were hit by the avalanche at more than 20,000 feet just above base camp in the Khumbu Ice Fall . Sherpas , an ethnic group from Nepal 's Himalaya region famed for their climbing prowess , are n't officially stopping anyone from attempting the risky journey , though hundreds involved in the lucrative Everest trekking industry have refused to climb . "  Without the Sherpas we can not climb and there is nothing we can do about it , " says Tessarolo . "  We made Everest a circus . This year the Sherpas decided that the show will not go on . " Sherpas open the route on the Nepali side of Everest , through the treacherous Khumbu Icefall . They fix the climbing lines all the way to the summit of Mount Everest , transport the equipment to make camp , climb next to their clients while carrying their oxygen and food , and rescue those in danger . Without their assistance , making the long , dangerous journey is nearly impossible for all but the most experienced of climbers . Everest avalanche : American climber recounts how Sherpa saved his life Mixed feelings on canceled season It was n't a unanimous decision by Nepal 's Sherpa to abandon the season -- there 's no unanimous motive . Some do n't want to climb because they 're in mourning -- a sign of respect for their friends who died in the avalanche and their families . Others do n't want to climb for religious reasons . The Sherpa spiritual code of conduct , which interconnects humans and nature , has been violated , they say . To put it simply , the gods are angry . Some refuse to climb for political reasons : they want better insurance from the Nepal government and scholarships for their children . Some do n't want to climb because of safety : there have been several avalanches reported since the tragedy . There have even been reports of threats of violence to climbers who try to continue . It 's still possible , according to some reports , to find guides willing to take you to the summit on the northern , Chinese side of the mountain . But in Nepal the season is looking bleak . Discovery calls off coverage of Everest wingsuit jump ` How will I convince my wife to let me go away again ? ' The Nepal government makes about $ 3 million from royalties on Everest each spring season . More than 330 foreign climbers had been given permission to climb Everest over the next couple of months , with an estimated 400 guides helping them , spending between $ 40,000 and $ 90,000 each in their attempt to scale the mountain . The short window , May 15-30 , is usually the best time to make an attempt to reach Everest 's peak . As discussions took place on the fate of the Everest season last week , many climbers left base camp to continue their acclimatization process on other mountains in the region . "  When we went back , we found base camp empty , " says Bae Young Rok , a South Korean member of the Kyungil University Alpine Club . "  There is nothing we can do but leave as well . " He says the Nepalese government told him his Everest climbing permit will remain valid for the next five years . "  That 's fine , but how will I convince my wife to let me go away again for two months ? " One of the reasons an Everest expedition takes so long is the time required for multiple rotations up and down the mountain to help the body adjust to the thin air , says professional climber Alan Arnette  who summited Everest in 2011  on his blog . "  A typical Everest climber will spend 10-15 days sleeping high on the mountain above Base Camp before going on their summit attempt , " he says . "  They sleep at ever-increasing altitudes to trick the body into making the necessary physiological changes , especially with respect to respiration , the key to survival at extreme altitudes . " Sherpas seek better employment opportunities On the route to base camp I meet Tsering Sherpa , who is making his way down from base camp . "  I am ready to climb , " he says . "  I want to stand by my clients ; it is their decision whether to climb or not . " He says the leader of his team called the expedition off on Monday . "  He told us that the icefall is too risky . " Some teams left earlier out of respect for their Sherpa , many of whom work on climbing expeditions only because they do n't have access to better economic opportunities . They make up to $ 6,000 per season and usually get a summit bonus if their clients reach the top of the 8,848-meter  29,020-feet  mountain . It 's a stark contrast to what drives the foreign visitors to climb . "  In our time the best job available was climbing ; it 's not anymore , " says Natang Sherpa , who owns the Moonlight Lodge in Namche Baazar , a popular acclimatization village among tourists . Her daughter is now a medical doctor living in the United States . "  Tourists asked me how long have I been a Sherpa . I am a Sherpa since I was born ! Some of us become porters and climbers , most of us , luckily , can avoid it -LSB- nowadays -RSB- . " Other Nepalese ethnic groups are starting to replace the Sherpa , as they manage to secure better jobs . Among the 16 people dead or missing in the April 18 tragedy , three are from other ethnic groups . Mount Everest climbing season up in air after avalanche deaths Only a handful remain For the few still hanging on in base camp in the hope of making the summit , their chances get slimmer with each day that passes . The Khumbu Icefall moves one meter per day : the ladders are lost , the lines broken . None of the camps on the mountain itself are operative , I 'm told , and nobody has reached Camp 3 yet -- one of four camps set up on Everest en route to the summit . Nobody is left to do the heavy work for the foreign climbers , and most have come to the realization over the last few days that climbing is not a possibility for them . Until the late 1970s , only a handful of climbers reached the top each year . The number topped 100 for the first time in 1993 . By 2004 , it was more than 300 . In 2012 , the number was more than 500 . The deadliest year on Everest was 1996 , when 15 people died . Another 12 climbers were killed in 2006 . Everest climbers , widower recount deadly traffic jam on top of the world Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Though Mount Everest remains open , base camp exodus continues as climbers abandon the season Various reasons behind Sherpas ' decision to abandon climb following deadly April 18 avalanche South Korean climber says Nepal government will extend his Everest permit , but fears he wo n't have another chance to return
San Diego  CNN  -- As a teenager , Alli Morgan lived for sports . She was a cyclist and a climber , and she played on her high school 's softball and field hockey teams . That all ended abruptly her sophomore year , the day Morgan tore a ligament in her right knee during a field hockey game . She underwent ACL surgery , expecting a quick recovery . Instead , it led to 45 more operations on her knee , months in the hospital and a diagnosis of a rare genetic disorder . At 20 , Morgan faced a difficult decision : Continue to undergo more surgery or consider amputation . "  I thought of what I wanted out of life . I was on crutches for six years . I had a leg that was basically dead weight , " she said . Morgan opted to have her leg amputated above the knee . "  This was not about a loss of a limb , " she said . "  It was about regaining my life . " During that process , Morgan found hope in Project Athena . The organization helps women who have survived medical setbacks achieve an athletic goal , whether it is participating in a triathlon or scaling the Great Wall of China . "  Very often people are saying , ` OK , I survived . But now what ? ' " said Robyn Benincasa , the nonprofit 's founder . "  We want to be that now what . " Since 2009 , Benincasa and her group have helped 140 women fulfill their adventurous dreams . From a setback to an ` Athenaship ' A firefighter in San Diego and a 10-time Ironman , Benincasa 's own life is all about adventure . But like the women she helps , she , too , is a survivor . Seven years ago , Benincasa was running in an adventure race when her leg gave out . She collapsed and dragged herself to the finish line . Shortly after , she was diagnosed with stage-four osteoarthritis in both hips , and her doctor told her she would never run again . "  I was in shock , because my body had never betrayed me before , " said Benincasa , 47 . "  I always found a way to get through whatever it was , so I pretended it was n't happening for a little while . And then I was being rolled into surgery for my first hip replacement . " Benincasa has since had three more hip replacements , but she never let it stop her . After the first one , she was inspired by a friend to start scheduling herself in events for which she could train . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes She realized it could also be a way to help inspire other women in their recovery . "  Maybe somebody always wanted to run a 10K but got cancer , and now they need the motivation to not let that dream fade , " she said . "  It 's not about the setback , it 's about the comeback . " Project Athena provides grants , called "  Athenaships , " that pay for coaching , travel expenses , entry fees or equipment -- whatever may be needed for a woman to live her adventure . "  Being an Athena , you 're not just a survivor , you 're an adventurer , " Benincasa said . "  We give them a different label to put on themselves , and it 's something they become on their way to the finish line . " Women can apply for a grant to do any event they wish , or they can participate in one organized by Project Athena . The group 's events include a 45-mile Grand Canyon trek and a 100-mile kayaking , cycling and hiking/running adventure in the Florida Keys . Adventure becomes them Benincasa has found that many of the women start small and then want to do more . "  We often hear , ` What else can I do ? ' It gives them a whole new perspective , " Benincasa said . "  It 's not about trying to get back what you were , it 's about trying to be the best of what you 're capable of today , this minute . " Morgan , now 23 , credits Project Athena with helping her get her life back . In 2012 , she was able to participate in the group 's Florida Keys adventure with the assistance of a prosthetic leg . "  It was the most incredible feeling to be surrounded by so many like-minded people , the common bond of going through something , " Morgan said . For Benincasa , helping the women gain a sense of rebirth motivates her . "  The most gratifying thing is the moment when you see someone realize they 're going to make it , when you see the fear disappear ... and they realize how awesome they are . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Project Athena website at www.projectathena.org and see how to help . CNN 's Allie Torgan contributed to this report	At 20 , Alli Morgan had her leg amputated above the knee An avid sportswoman , Morgan found hope in Robyn Benincasa 's Project Athena Benincasa , an injury survivor , too , helps recovering women achieve adventure goals Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- French and Malian forces squaring off with Islamist militants seized a key city from them Friday , a high-ranking French source told CNN . The city is Konna , in the central region of Mali , a sprawling , landlocked Saharan nation . That region is the latest front in the grinding fight between the West and al Qaeda-linked militants . Read more : Opinion : Why Africa backs French in Mali The development is an important advance a week after France launched an air and ground military offensive against a strong militant presence across northern Mali and other locations in the sprawling country . Insurgents advancing south toward the capital , Bamako , took Konna on January 10 . They started retreating a week ago after the French and Malian forces pushed back , with attacks from the air and other firepower . Read more : France continues Mali airstrikes ; residents frantic The fighting in Mali has captured the world 's attention . It was one of the most successful democracies in Africa until last year , when a coup toppled the president and Islamists capitalized on the chaos by establishing themselves in the north . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter There , they imposed a strict interpretation of Sharia law , banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also damaged historic tombs and shrines . France , once the colonial power in Mali , unleashed an offensive against the militants last week , a mission that President Francois Hollande says is designed to "  destroy " the terrorist groups that have taken root . French envoy stresses urgency France is sending troops to Mali from military facilities in Africa and from France . Paris is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community . Such assistance has its perils . After Algeria permitted France to use its airspace to take on insurgents , militants angry about the move stormed a gas field in eastern Algeria and took hostages in what is now an ongoing hostage crisis . French Ambassador to Mali Christian Rouyer reiterated the need for the French offensive . "  We had a friendly country that was on the verge of dying , " he told CNN in an interview Friday . "  It was absolutely necessary to act with urgency . We did it , I believe , with full knowledge of the reasons . Faced with the seriousness of the situation , to my knowledge , there was no other solution . " French military power has been boosted , he said , "  because we know we have an adversary who 's determined , who 's not afraid , knows the terrain well and who 's well-equipped . " The offensive has made an impact , stopping the "  terrorist advance " and saving other towns : Mopti and Sevare , for example , Rouyer said . "  The advance of terrorist forces -- either in the western or eastern sectors -- has stopped , " he said , adding that this is helping to establish calm in Bamako . "  If Mopti and Sevare had fallen into terrorist hands , " he said , "  I believe that today , we would have chaos in Bamako and all Mali . " Prepare for a refugee crisis in Mali France seeks help Leaders from several countries have offered troops or logistical support for the offensive . The European Union has approved a training mission . The Canadians and British are deploying military transport aircraft . Nigeria is set to deploy soldiers as part of a U.N.-mandated African force to fight the insurgents . U.S. policy prohibits direct military aid to Mali because the fledgling government is a result of a coup . No support can go to the Malian military directly until leaders are chosen through an election , said Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman . "  We are not in a position to train the Malian military until we have democracy restored , " she said this week . "  But we 're not precluded from assisting allies and partners in trying to restore security to that country . " So far , the United States has only shared intelligence from satellites and intercepted signals with the French , defense officials said . The Pentagon is also considering sending refueling tankers so that French jets can fly longer , more sustained combat missions , according to the officials . U.S. trainers will be in African nations to train forces that are set to be deployed in Mali . "  We have deployed 100-ish , about 100 trainers to Africa . They 're traveling to Niger , Nigeria , Burkina Faso , Senegal , Togo and Ghana to discuss training and equipping and deployment needs of those countries in the interest of getting them ready to go into Mali , " she said . U.N. says warring threatens cultural heritage The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization has issued calls for the protection of cultural heritage sites in Mali . The ancient city of Timbuktu is a UNESCO World Heritage site of huge cultural significance , but its carefully preserved heritage has come under severe threat amid the ongoing conflict . The fabled city , whose name is sometimes used in the West as a synonym for a faraway place , was at the center of trans-Sahara trade in earlier times . Last year , al Qaeda-linked rebels in northern Mali destroyed historic and religious landmarks there , claiming such relics are idolatrous . Now it is threatened by warfare . "  I ask all armed forces to make every effort to protect the cultural heritage of the country , which has already been severely damaged , " UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova said in an appeal to all combatants . "  Mali 's cultural heritage is a jewel whose protection is important for the whole of humanity . This is our common heritage , nothing can justify damaging it . " Refugees flee The U.N. refugee agency said that in treks that began last year , when the crisis started , Malians are fleeing to other nations , including Burkina Faso , Mauritania , Niger , Guinea , Algeria and Togo , and many are internally displaced . Refugees in Burkina Faso said "  they fled the recent military intervention , the lack of any means of subsistence , and fear of the strict application of Sharia law , " the agency said . People talked about family members disappearing . "  They reported having witnessed executions and amputations , and mentioned that large amounts of money are being offered to civilians to fight against the Malian Army and its supporters . According to the accounts from refugees there are children among the rebel fighters , " the United Nations said . Ethnic Tuareg women and children are among the latest refugees . "  They said that more people , including their husbands and fathers , are on their way to Burkina Faso by foot , many using donkeys or local transport , and many bringing livestock with them . Despite ongoing insecurity in northern Mali in recent months , they say that people have delayed fleeing Mali to allow the men to take care of businesses and animals , " the United Nations said . Human rights abuses The United Nations has noted accounts of amputations , floggings and public executions , such as the July stoning of a couple that reportedly had an affair . The International Criminal Court has launched a war crimes investigation amid reports that residents have been mutilated and killed for disobeying the Islamists . "  The current human rights situation is linked to long-standing and unresolved issues , " and "  human rights violations have been committed both in the North and in the area under government control , " the Human Rights Council said , citing abuses since January 2012 . "  In northern Mali , serious human rights violations have been taking place since January 2012 , including summary executions and extrajudicial killings , " the council said . It also said : -- Fighters "  allegedly used students as human shields to force military forces to surrender and later on allegedly executed 94 of the 153 captured and disarmed soldiers . " -- Several Tuareg soldiers , including nine in Timbuktu , were also reportedly victims of reprisals by members of the Malian army in the North . -- Among civilian deaths were people who tried to resist the looting of humanitarian warehouses by armed groups . -- Ten amputation cases by extremists were reported in the north , including the case of a 30-year-old man whose right hand was cut off with a kitchen knife for allegedly stealing cattle following a summary trial set up by a militia . -- Women have been assaulted , harassed and abused after being accused of being improperly veiled or dressed , or for riding on a motorbike . In April , six armed men allegedly belonging to the Ansar Dine extremist group raped a woman "  for not wearing her veil in her own home . " -- Rapes of women and girls have been done "  at times in front of family members and often apparently carried out on an ethnic basis . " -- Girls as young as 12 or 13 are reported to have been forcibly married to members of militias . -- Child soldiers who were recruited were sometimes as young as 10 . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Nima Elbagir reported from Bamako , Mali .	Insurgents are pushed out of Konna , which they captured last week France is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community The European Union , Canada , Britain and Nigeria are among those assisting UNESCO wants protection of Mali 's historic sites
Washington  CNN  -- Did the FBI make the right decision in reading the suspected underwear bomber his Miranda rights and placing him in the civilian court system only hours after he was detained for trying to blow up a Northwest flight on Christmas ? That question has been at the heart of heated discussions on Capitol Hill . This is what we know about the interrogations : FBI Director Robert Mueller said suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was interviewed twice by what Mueller called some of the best FBI agents . Officials said the first interrogation lasted about 50 minutes , and the second was shorter . AbdulMutallab provided information that "  has already proved useful in the fight against al Qaeda , " Justice Department spokesman Matthew Miller said . It was after the second interrogation that AbdulMutallab was read his Miranda rights -- rights under U.S. law that are read to individuals before arrest . At that point , he stopped talking to the agents . Though Mueller acknowledged that he was not consulted about the decision , he said the Justice Department and others in the administration were contacted before the second interview . Choices in how to proceed Law enforcement officers did have choices in how to proceed with AbdulMutallab : -- They could have read him his Miranda rights , placing him in the civilian judicial system . -- He could have been designated an enemy combatant and held for a military trial . -- He could have been held and interrogated for a longer period before they decided how to proceed . At a series of congressional hearings on the handling of the AbdulMutallab case , senior intelligence and Homeland Security officials testified that they were not consulted on how the suspect should be handled . Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair said a newly created high-value , detainee-interrogation group , or HIG , should have been brought into the loop . "  That unit was created exactly for this purpose : to make a decision on whether a certain person who is detained should be treated as a case for federal prosecution or for some of the other means , " he said . However , Blair later discovered that HIG was not yet operational , a revelation that surprised many senators . Some in Congress incredulous Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called the decision to place AbdulMutallab in the federal judicial system "  a terrible , terrible mistake when it 's pretty clear that this individual did not act alone . " Sen. Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut likened it to "  a kind of ` Alice in Wonderland ' turning of the world of common sense on its head . " And Thomas Kean , who led the investigation into the 9/11 terrorist attacks , said he was "  shocked and upset " that AbdulMutallab received all his rights before being fully questioned . FBI Director Mueller defended his agents ' actions . "  In this particular case , in fast-moving events , decisions were made , appropriately I believe , very appropriately , given the situation , " the director said . Mueller added , "  There was no time to get a follow-up group in there . " Those comments prompted a sharp rebuke from Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama . "  I do n't think you can say it 's appropriate , " Sessions said . "  We do n't know what that individual knows and learned while he was working with al Qaeda , and we may never know , because he 's now got a lawyer that 's telling him to be quiet . " Sessions went on to say , "  if he were properly interrogated over a period of time , we may find out that there are other cells , other plans , other AbdulMutallabs out there boarding planes that are going to blow up American citizens . " Others in Congress defend decision Some , such as Sen. Russell Feingold , D-Wisconsin , were mystified by the reaction to the decision to try AbdulMutallab in federal court . The senator cited the example of Richard Reid , the so-called Shoe Bomber , who was successfully prosecuted in civilian courts and is now serving a life sentence . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , chimed in , "  Very successful interrogations have been conducted and very significant intelligence information has been obtained from suspects who have been Mirandized . " Whitehouse said he was not convinced that advising someone of Miranda rights is a "  sort of per-se inhibition on our ability to collect intelligence from an individual . " Justice Department spokesman Miller defended the FBI 's decision , touting the bureau 's success in handling terrorist suspects since the 9/11 attacks . "  Those who argue that a different action should have been taken in this case were notably silent when dozens of terrorists were successfully prosecuted in federal court by the previous administration , " Miller said . He said "  results , not rhetoric " will guide the department 's actions . A bipartisan group of senators on the Homeland Security Committee has introduced legislation that would require U.S. intelligence officials to be consulted whenever a suspected foreign terrorist is detained in the United States . Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , the ranking Republican on the committee , said the FBI action "  may have prevented the collection of valuable intelligence about future terrorist threats to the United States . " Committee Chairman Lieberman said , "  This bill forces the law enforcement and intelligence community to recognize that preventing the next attack should be the first priority . " Lieberman and Collins also have written a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder , urging the Obama administration to transfer AbdulMutallab to military custody and charge him as an enemy combatant . The American Civil Liberties Union is disturbed by the congressional efforts to treat terrorism as an act of war . ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said , "  To abandon due process in terrorism cases turns the rule of law on its head and flies in the face of the values that we are fighting to protect in the first place . " As the congressional hearings demonstrated , the nation 's leaders still have not come to grips with how to handle terrorism suspects . There has not been the degree of high-level coordination -- among the White House , the intelligence community and law enforcement -- that one might expect more than eight years after the 9/11 attacks .	FBI read suspected underwear bomber his Miranda rights just hours after being detained Senior intelligence , Homeland Security officials testify they were not consulted Some members of Congress outraged AbdulMutallab was n't held over for military trial They say he was providing valuable intelligence on al Qaeda before being Mirandized
Washington  CNN  -- They are mostly teenage girls , often from broken homes where no one misses them . Their world is one of drugs and abuse -- emotional and physical -- in which they are forced to sell their bodies . In announcing the FBI 's latest crackdown on child prostitution , officials Monday described a dark underside of society that has grown through Internet sites that provide pimps easy access to johns in hotels , motels , at truck stops and just about anywhere else . The nationwide operation over the weekend resulted in 150 arrests , with 105 children between the ages of 13 and 17 rescued , according to Ron Hosko , assistant director of the FBI 's Criminal Investigative Division . Overall , the three-day undercover Operation Cross Country took place in 76 cities and involved 230 law enforcement units , Hosko told a news conference . It was the largest such sweep to date , he said , with 28 searches and 129 seizures of cash , drugs , vehicles and firearms . Those arrested face a variety of federal and state charges , including pimping . This seventh iteration of Operation Cross Country also was the most successful , with a 30 % to 40 % increase in "  identifying both victims and pimps " compared with previous operations , Hosko said . He credited the success in part to an expansion of the probe to websites such as www.backpage.com , which he called a forum "  where pimps and exploiters gather . " Watch : Fighting sex trafficking in the U.S. Authorities also have learned more about how the market thrives . For example , Hosko explained that major sporting events such as the Super Bowl and the NCAA Final Four attract tens of thousands of visitors with money who want to party , and pimps with prostitutes ready to cash in . "  We have had children recovered from each of those events , multiple children from each of those events in the past , " he said . While technology has changes methods of procurement , the underlying demographics of the child victims of the prostitution industry remain little changed -- young girls around 13 to 16 years old with few or no family ties . FBI : Nationwide child prostitution sweep leads to 104 arrests "  That tends to be the age that many of us as loving and caring parents occasionally find some differences with our teenage daughters , and exploiters will exploit that gap , " Hosko said . A breakdown of cities where the latest arrests took place , and where child prostitutes were recovered , reveals some unexpected findings . The San Francisco-Oakland region in California had 17 arrests and 12 recovered child prostitutes , while Detroit , which just declared itself bankrupt , had 18 arrests and 10 rescued children . Meanwhile , New York City had none of either , Las Vegas had one of each and New Orleans had five arrests and four recovered children , compared with 13 arrests and three child prostitute rescues in Oklahoma City . "  This operation serves as a reminder that these abhorrent crimes can happen anywhere , " Hosko said . Opinion : Sex trafficking , an American problem too Operation Cross Country is part of the FBI 's Innocence Lost National Initiative , which seeks to identify children lured or forced into prostitution and remove them from risk , according to Hosko . The circumstances of the situation make finding victims especially difficult , he explained . "  Commonly some of these children have stepped away from their families , " he said , adding that "  there is no one to call and report ` my daughter is missing . ' " Other major problems are the culture of abuse , both physical and emotional , and the drug use prevalent in child prostitution . "  We have victims whose new normal is abuse and is drug-infected , " Hosko said , explaining there is an environment of instability in which "  the expectation of somebody who cares about them may last for 30 minutes or an hour before the abuse starts again . " Read about the fight to end modern-day slavery with CNN 's Freedom Project CNN 's Virginia Nicolaidis and Bill Mears contributed to this report	The Bay area and Detroit have the most arrests and child rescues The FBI says the three-day undercover operation is its biggest to date 105 children across the country are rescued in the nationwide operation The ages of the children involved range from 13 to 17
CNN  -- Reports of a possible cease-fire in Gaza brokered by Egypt emerged Tuesday , but without a more farsighted approach that addresses the dysfunctional dynamic within Palestinian politics , any truce is unlikely to be any more durable than previous ones . This latest Israeli offensive marks the sixth major military operation against Gaza since Israel withdrew its soldiers and settlers in 2005 , and the first since the massive military campaign known as "  Cast Lead " four years ago . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was headed to the region Tuesday to join Egypt 's negotiations for a truce . Egypt -- as the only other party with a direct stake in Gaza 's stability and one of the few capable of talking directly to all key actors -- is best placed to play the role of peacemaker . There will be cease-fire . But events in Gaza have strained already tense relations between Egypt and Israel , prompting Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy to withdraw his ambassador in Tel Aviv while dispatching his prime minister to Gaza in a show of solidarity with Hamas . With the Obama administration openly siding with Israel , U.S.-Egyptian ties have also been damaged . Opinion : Message of Gaza violence -- Hamas ca n't be ignored Israel says its offensive is aimed at ending rocket attacks from Gaza once and for all . Hamas wants to see an end to the five-year Gaza blockade and the reopening of its borders . In reality , neither Israel nor Hamas is likely to get what it wants because neither side appears to have a clear endgame . There is no way to eliminate Hamas . And even if its rocket-launching capabilities are destroyed , which seems unlikely , this war will only fuel its drive to rearm , just as it did after Cast Lead . Until the underlying grievances of both sides can be addressed , we should only expect the cycle of violence to continue . Like Israel , Egypt has an interest in reining in Hamas and preventing weapons smuggling from its territory into Gaza , which further destabilizes the already volatile situation in the Sinai . Despite the strong ties between the Muslim Brotherhood-led government in Cairo and Hamas , itself a Brotherhood offshoot , the Egyptians are unhappy with Hamas ' moves in both Gaza and the Sinai . For any truce to hold , it must also include other stakeholders , namely Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Hamas is likely to emerge from this most recent conflict militarily weakened but politically strengthened , earning the respect and sympathy of both Palestinians and Arabs across the region . For Abbas , however , the opposite is true . The crisis has highlighted his powerlessness and growing irrelevance , even sparking new anti-Abbas protests in the West Bank . Abbas and his Fatah-dominated leadership in the West Bank have little to show for their rule except 20 years of failed negotiations and a feckless and bankrupt authority . But the fact that Egypt is also the primary mediator in internal Palestinian talks aimed at healing the split that has crippled the Palestinian Authority since the brief civil war of 2007 presents an opportunity to rehabilitate Abbas while reining in Hamas . Despite its record of violence , Hamas has also shown it can govern effectively and play pragmatic politics . The natural tension between governance and resistance is also reflected in the internal struggle between hard-liners and pragmatists within Hamas . Opinion : ` Pillar of Cloud ' spreads dust of war across Middle East Egypt , along with pro-Hamas governments such as Turkey and Qatar , would like to wean Hamas from its relationship with Iran , which supplies it with weapons and other support . The Israeli offensive makes this more difficult , however , and will only embolden the most militant elements within Hamas . Linking Palestinian reconciliation to a cease-fire arrangement will also give the Egyptians an additional leverage point over Hamas . Any cease-fire will of course have to bring an end to rocket attacks on Israel from Gaza or anywhere else as well as tougher action by Egypt on weapons smuggling through the Gaza tunnels . But for this to work , Hamas  not to mention ordinary Gazans  must also get something , particularly with respect to the blockade . Because neither Israel nor Egypt trust Hamas to police the border , reopening Gaza 's border crossings will require a return of Abbas ' Palestinian Authority there . But because this requires Hamas ' consent , it can only happen in the context of Palestinian reconciliation and the re-emergence of a unified coherent Palestinian polity . In this way , not only does everyone get something , each actor has a stake in the others getting something as well . Such an arrangement will be extremely difficult but not impossible . One primary obstacle is Israeli and U.S. opposition to Palestinian reconciliation or anything that might be seen as strengthening Hamas . This self-defeating policy has been disastrous for Palestinians and Israelis alike as well as a spectacular failure  which may also help explain Israel 's offensive  . Hamas has more international legitimacy than ever , while the blockade of Gaza is crumbling bit by bit . While Abbas ' Palestinian Authority teeters on the verge of financial ruin , the emir of Qatar is showering Hamas with hundreds of millions of dollars . The crisis is only intensifying this trend as Gaza plays host to one Arab leader after another . In the end , Palestinian unity may be the only way to save Hamas from itself and rescue Abbas from political oblivion . Fatah and Hamas do not have to share the same policies or even be in the same government , but they do have to find a way to share the same political space . In other words , they do not have to play on the same team , but they do have to agree on the rules of the game . Some will argue that bringing Hamas into the game would deal a fatal blow to the peace process with Israel . Yet even without Hamas the peace process is already dead . In any case , we will never know since a weak , ineffective and unrepresentative Palestinian leadership by definition will have neither the mandate to negotiate a conflict-ending peace deal with Israel nor the ability to implement it . The idea that Israel could negotiate with one set of Palestinians while making war on another , always questionable , is now totally untenable . Opinion : New dangers in familiar Gaza violence Such a "  grand bargain " will not be easy , and is certainly not without risks . But the risks of continuing to ignore realities are far greater . The extent to which Israel and the Palestinians , along with the United States and its allies , understand this will determine whether this will be the last Gaza war or simply a prelude to the next one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Khaled Elgindy .	Khaled Elgindy : Any Gaza truce wo n't last without a more farsighted approach Elgindy : Reality is Hamas is here to stay , and grievances of both sides must be addressed Conflict makes Hamas politically stronger , while Palestinian Authority is weak , he says Elgindy : The two must be reconciled , cooperate and be included in peace process
CNN  -- Chris and Leslie Creekmore have shared a married life for three and a half years . Earlier this month they shared symptoms of the flu : Aches , nausea , fever . He has fully recovered . She is on a ventilator , fighting for her life . Leslie Creekmore , 29 , was 20 weeks pregnant when she was admitted to a hospital in Fort Smith , Arkansas , on January 11 because she was experiencing shortness of breath , her husband said . Her condition worsened ; that night she was transferred to the intensive care unit . She was put on a ventilator on January 13 . An emergency flight took her to Barnes-Jewish Hospital in St. Louis on January 14 where she remains on a ventilator , reported CNN affiliate KSDK . The couple 's baby did not survive . Creekmore spontaneously miscarried on January 16 , her husband said . Her right lung collapsed over the weekend , Chris Creekmore said . He agreed to let doctors at the hospital talk about the case . Dr. Rosanna Gray-Swain , an obstetrician-gynecologist at Barnes-Jewish Hospital , who is not directly caring for Leslie Creekmore but is familiar with her case , said Creekmore remains unconscious . "  It 's a little too early to tell what her outcome will be at this point , " Gray-Swain said . Tuesday , Creekmore underwent surgery to receive a treatment called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , her husband said . ECMO is a therapy that provides heart-lung bypass support and circulates blood through an artificial lung back to the body . Chris Creekmore said one of the doctors told him it was a long shot , but the procedure went well , and she came out stable , he said . "  She 's being cared for , and her status is still very , very tenuous , " Gray-Swain said earlier Tuesday . "  If she had had the flu vaccine , she probably would n't be here in this state . " Chris Creekmore said he and his wife had researched tips for healthy pregnancies , and they had come across a recommendation to avoid the flu vaccine in the first trimester of pregnancy . He said he asked his wife 's OB-GYN in Arkansas in October about the matter , and the doctor told them he was wary of giving flu shots during the first trimester . "  I for one do n't count it as a screw-up on his end or anything like that , " Chris Creekmore said of the doctor who advised delaying the flu shot . The couple did not know that this guidance runs counter to federal health recommendations . Any pregnant woman should get a flu shot to protect against serious complications as soon as the yearly vaccine becomes available in her area , advises the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services website flu.gov . Women can receive the flu shot at any point during their pregnancies , regardless of trimester , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists supports the CDC recommendation that all women get vaccinated if they will be pregnant during the influenza season : "  Vaccination early in the season and regardless of gestational age is optimal , " ACOG says . Flu season may be heading toward peak No harm has been demonstrated to pregnant women or their babies as a result of the vaccine , the CDC said . Barnes-Jewish Hospital used to recommend that women wait until after the first trimester of pregnancy to receive a flu shot , too , Gray-Swain said . But that policy changed four years ago with emerging evidence that the vaccine was safe for all pregnant women . The flu vaccine protects against many strains during the season from October to March . Pregnant women who receive the vaccine may still get the flu , but it would likely be a milder illness than otherwise , and severe consequences would be improbable , Gray-Swain said . A national effort to prevent the 2009 H1N1 pandemic flu has contributed to a dramatic increase in the number of pregnant women who receive flu vaccines , according to the CDC . Less than 15 % of pregnant women received a flu shot before 2009 ; in the next two seasons , more than half of pregnant women got the vaccine protection . Some states hit harder by flu this year The flu may increase the risk of miscarriage , premature birth and low birth weight , the CDC said . "  Pregnancy puts extra stress on your heart and lungs . Pregnancy can also affect your immune system . These factors increase the risk of becoming severely ill due to the flu , " according to the CDC website . Life-threatening developments like Creekmore 's in flu patients are generally rare but not unheard of , Gray-Swain said . "  Pregnant women are five times more likely to end up in the ICU or have severe complications related to the flu than non-pregnant women who get infected with the flu , " she said . The flu vaccine that is safe for pregnant woman is in injectable form , and it does not contain the live virus , Gray-Swain said . The nasal spray versions should not be given to pregnant women . If you are pregnant , inform the health care staff administering the vaccine before you receive it . Washing your hands after using the bathroom , touching public surfaces and other activities is also important , she said . Pregnant women can also take a drug called Tamiflu . It is most commonly taken to reduce the length of symptoms , but it is also given to people with high-risk flu exposure as a prevention . The Creekmores had planned to call the baby Jera , KSDK reported . The baby was "  too young to be able to be resuscitated , " Gray-Swain said . She was a "  far too young , far too tiny , but beautifully structured , almost-baby girl , " Chris Creekmore said . His wife was unconscious during the miscarriage . "  She wanted to know the gender as bad as me , " Chris Creekmore said , "  but I do n't know how -- how in the hell -- I 'm going to , when she wakes up , tell her what 's going on . " Chris Creekmore 's friend set up a GoFundMe page to help the family raise money to support Leslie 's care . The response is far greater than Chris Creekmore expected . He thought the page might generate gas money for hospital visits . Now , donations are in the thousands of dollars . If there is money left over from the campaign after he pays his wife 's medical bills , Chris Creekmore wants to use the extra funds to help his sister 's child , who has a medical condition , and to help support free flu vaccination clinics . His public message is : Vaccinate yourself against the flu . Leslie had planned to get a flu shot at a clinic on January 13 , the same doctor 's visit as her 20-week ultrasound , her husband said . It would have been the same day that she was placed on the ventilator . Facebook page for support for Leslie Creekmore Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	CDC recommends all pregnant women get flu shots Does n't matter what trimester of pregnancy , flu shot is safe Severely ill woman 's husband said she tried to get flu shot
Vicksburg , Mississippi  CNN  -- When Mary Washington died in 2006 at the age of 54 , she carried 260 pounds on her 4-foot-11-inch frame . "  Cancer killed her , but obesity restricted her life , " said Washington 's sister , Linda Fondren . "  Her last words to me were , ` Linda , I wish I had lived my life more for myself . ' " Washington had been a single mother , working multiple jobs in the food service industry to make ends meet . "  She did not know that she could do both , " Fondren said . "  You can be of service to people ... but you must take care of yourself first . " It 's not an uncommon story in Mississippi . Its nickname is the "  Hospitality State , " but for the last six years it has been the fattest state in the nation , according to a 2009 report by the Trust for America 's Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation . This week , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that 34.4 percent of Mississippi 's adults are obese , meaning they have a body mass index of 30 or more . Fondren , 54 , wants to move her state from the fattest to the fittest . For the last four years , she has led her hometown of Vicksburg in its battle with the bulge . Being the fattest state "  is not a good heavyweight title to hold , " she said . "  I felt that people needed to be challenged . " Fondren remembered how her sister had been too embarrassed to exercise in a gym with men . So in June 2006 , she opened an all-female workout facility , Shape Up Sisters . The gym was a success -- it now has more than 600 members -- but Fondren eventually realized that she needed to expand her reach if she wanted to slim down her community . She says part of the problem in Vicksburg is that being overweight is so commonplace it is often considered the norm . "  Most people ... they do not know that they have a weight problem because we live in an environment where everyone almost looks the same , " she said . So in October 2009 , Fondren kicked off Shape Up Vicksburg . The initiative challenged residents to lose weight while giving them the tools they needed to reach their goal . Fondren held free fitness and nutrition classes across the city and convinced many of the city 's restaurants to add healthy items to their menus . Participants could track their weight loss online or at weigh-in stations at Wal-Mart and the local medical center . "  People want to do good , but they need help , " Fondren said . Approximately 2,500 people joined Fondren 's movement , and over 17 weeks they shed , on average , more than 5 pounds each . To date , residents have lost nearly 15,000 pounds . Many attribute the success to Fondren 's relentless determination . "  She takes no prisoners . She 's committed to weight loss , " said Vicksburg Mayor Paul Winfield , who lost 16 pounds . Today , Shape Up Vicksburg includes a walking club , which draws up to 200 people , and a weekly nutrition class . Fondren 's gym is also open to all women every Saturday , and she frequently teaches fitness classes at area schools and churches . All of these activities are free , something she believes is a critical factor . "  It 's the poor African-American and white communities that are the most obese , and those are the ones that are most unreachable , " Fondren said . As a successful real estate developer , Fondren largely funds the effort herself , but the initiative also receives donations from local businesses . Ebony Fisher , 22 , believes the program saved her life . After her 32-year-old cousin died of kidney failure last year , Fisher , who weighed 320 pounds , was frightened . "  I felt as though if I did n't lose weight I was going to die , " she said . But fear drove her to take action . Since joining Shape Up Vicksburg six months ago , Fisher has lost 50 pounds . It 's those stories that keep Fondren motivated . She 's determined to expand her effort statewide to find more converts to her cause . "  This is a life-or-death issue , " she said . "  Obesity affects us all ... and the only way that we 're going to combat it is : Stand together . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Shape Up Vicksburg website at www.shapeupvicksburg.com and see how to help .	Linda Fondren started Shape Up Vicksburg to help residents of her hometown lose weight Mississippi has been the fattest state in the nation for the past six years , a 2009 report says Fondren offers free fitness and nutrition classes ; she has also started a walking club Vicksburg residents have lost 15,000 pounds since Fondren started her mission
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul said this week that he would vote in favor of going to war with ISIS , but his father , former Rep. Ron Paul , made it clear Friday night that he sharply opposes further U.S. involvement in the Mideast region . Speaking at a libertarian-leaning conference , Ron Paul slammed the "  bipartisan support " among congressional lawmakers for "  rubber-stamping what President Obama wants " in the fight against the militant group . More broadly , he suggested that Senate Republicans are n't that different from their Democratic counterparts . Some people think "  if the Republicans take over the Senate this year , that will hamstring the president and everything 's going to be OK , " he said at the Liberty Political Action Conference in Alexandra , Virginia . "  That 's a joke . " "  It would n't be OK because they all believe in the same thing , they believe in the federal reserve and they believe in the war . They believe in the spending and the intervention overseas , " he said . Obama 's proposed plan includes expanded air strikes against ISIS and arming and training Syrian rebels who are also fighting off the threat . Congress has not voted specifically to authorize air strikes against ISIS , but Rand Paul has said he would vote in favor of doing so . The Kentucky Republican has long been more moderate than his father , a former Texas congressman who ran for president three times and has strong support among the libertarian base . Still , Rand Paul has largely opposed foreign interventions in the past , and his decision to support air strikes has been viewed as more hawkish than his previous stances . The Senate on Thursday passed legislation that would also approve the arming and training of Syrian rebels But Rand Paul was one of 12 Republicans who voted against the legislation , saying he feared the weapons would end up in the wrong hands . He launched into a lengthy Senate floor speech Thursday against the plan , blasting "  barnacled enablers " for pushing a policy that he believes would be ineffective . Ron Paul never mentioned his son , who spoke the previous night on the same stage , during his remarks about foreign policy . The former congressman , however , said that the family got together the previous night to have "  strategy meeting . " "  I 'm going to reveal some secrets to you , " Ron Paul told the audience , cheekily hinting that he was going to talk about Rand Paul 's likely presidential bid in 2016 . But the former congressman jokingly went on to list a number of mundane family matters , such as when 's the next golf game and details about a family wedding . "  We did have some very , very serious discussions , " he went on to say . "  And of course some very important things too about what the family 's doing and that is the truth . The issues are very , very important to all of us , and yet the family is pretty important to us too . "	Ron Paul slams "  bipartisan support " in Washington for war against ISIS His son , Rand Paul , has said he would vote for air strikes However , Rand Paul did not vote this week for another part of the plan to fight ISIS
CNN  -- The prominent man had an altercation with his wife at a hotel . He beat her up . There 's even a recording of it . And what happened ? A plea deal so generous that the abuser 's arrest record will be expunged -- totally clean , as if the whole thing had never happened -- if he receives some counseling in the next few months . Ray Rice ? Yes . But Rice 's case is strikingly similar to that of Mark Fuller , a sitting federal judge in Alabama . On August 9 , Fuller 's wife called 911 from a hotel room in Atlanta , according to news reports . The woman identified as Kelli Fuller said her drunk husband was assaulting her . "  He 's beating on me . Please help me , " she said . About a minute into the call , as dispatchers summon help , Kelli Fuller is heard saying "  I hate you , I hate you . " A male voice responds : "  I hate you too , " followed by dull noises in the background . According to police , Kelli Fuller had cuts to her mouth and forehead and she told them her husband had thrown her to the ground , pulled her hair and kicked her after she confronted him over an alleged affair with a law clerk . Last week , the whole matter was swept discreetly under the rug . Mark Fuller accepted "  pretrial diversion " offered by Atlanta prosecutors . Under the deal , the judge has to have a drug and alcohol evaluation -- which , according to his lawyer , he does n't need . "  He does n't have a drug or alcohol problem and never has , " Barry Ragsdale , Fuller 's attorney , told al.com . Then , Fuller will have to undergo a once-a-week family and domestic violence program for 24 weeks . The judge can undergo that counseling at a location close to home in Alabama . What happens after Fuller completes counseling ? He plans to return to the bench , to pass judgment on others . As Fuller put it , "  I also look forward to ... returning to full , active status in the Middle District of Alabama . "  His cases have been temporarily reassigned . Taxpayers are paying him his full salary in the meantime . The parallels between the Rice and Fuller cases extend further . In both cases , the couples stayed together . After Ray beat his then-fiancee , Janay Palmer , unconscious in Atlantic City , New Jersey , the couple married . Janay Rice attended the July meeting with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that led to his appallingly lenient two-game suspension from the Baltimore Ravens . NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans After TMZ released the video of the elevator assault , Janay Rice released a statement of support for her husband , on Instagram . "  To take something away from the man I love that he has worked for all his life just to gain ratings is horrific , " she wrote , "  If your intentions were to hurt us , embarrass us , make us feel alone , take our happiness away , you 've succeeded on so many levels . Just know we will continue to grow & show the world what love is . " Fuller is also attempting , apparently successfully , to repair the breach with his wife . "  This incident has been very embarrassing to me , my family , friends and the court , " he said in his statement , "  I deeply regret this incident and look forward to working to resolve these difficulties with my family , where they should be resolved . " Consider that last line : "  my family , where they should be resolved . " This is precisely wrong , and it contributes to a fundamental misunderstanding about domestic violence . When husbands beat up their wives , that is not a matter that should be resolved within the family . It is a crime to be resolved by the legal system . In cases of domestic violence , the question is often raised whether the victim will "  press charges . " But it 's not victims who press charges in this country , it 's the state . Ray Rice video prompts stories of #WhyIStayed , #WhyILeft It 's not up to victims to decide whether their husbands should be prosecuted . Abusers damage the community , not just the women they assault . Whether the Rices and Fullers stay married is their business ; but whether Ray Rice and Judge Mark Fuller committed crimes should be a question for prosecutors , and ultimately , juries to decide . Unfortunately , it looks like the prosecutors failed in Atlantic City and Atlanta . The sweet deals for these two prominent defendants can not be undone ; the double jeopardy clause of the Constitution forbids it . All the rest of us can do is hope that the next prominent man who beats up his wife does n't get off as easy .	Jeffrey Toobin : Ray Rice case mirrors Alabama judge 's case ; both got plea deals He says audio of Judge Mark Fuller documents beating ; cops say wife had injuries Fuller said issue should be resolved within family . Toobin : He 's mistaken Toobin : It 's not up to couples to decide charges , it 's a crime for legal system
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The Basque separatist group ETA said Monday it was declaring a permanent cease-fire . In a statement released to the Basque newspaper Gara -- where it typically releases information -- ETA said it declares a permanent general and verifiable cease-fire as a "  firm commitment towards a process to achieve a lasting resolution and toward an end to the armed confrontation . " Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said that the statement that the government wants to see is one where ETA calls for a definitive end , which he said the statement does not do "  Am I more tranquil today than before ? Yes , " Perez said . "  Is this the end ? I would say no . " Spain 's Socialist government has repeatedly called for ETA to announce unilaterally a definitive end to its decades of separatist violence , blamed for more than 800 deaths , and a pledge to lay down its weapons . ETA wants Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France . Various Basque leftist parties -- including the Batasuna party , outlawed for its links to ETA -- as well as four Nobel peace laureates and the Nelson Mandela Foundation also have called in recent months for the organization to establish a permanent and verifiable cease-fire . The Batasuna party 's ban from running candidates in municipal elections will not be lifted because of ETA 's statement , the interior minister said . The latest statement comes after weeks of speculation in Spain that ETA would issue a statement during the holiday season . "  It is time to act with historical responsibility . ETA calls upon those governing Spain and France to end all repressive measures and to leave aside for once and for all their position of denial towards the Basque Country , " the statement said . Another part of the message said , "  The solution will come through the democratic process with dialogue and negotiation as its tools and with its compass pointed towards the will of the Basque people . " "  ETA will continue its indefatigable struggle and efforts to promote and to bring to a conclusion the democratic process until there is a truly democratic situation in the Basque Country , " it added . The organization has announced cease-fires before and broken them , notably its unilateral 2006 cease-fire that was announced as "  permanent , " only to be broken months later with a car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two people . Despite ETA 's current cease-fire , in effect since September , the government has not eased up on the police pressure against ETA operatives in Spain and the organization 's hideouts in neighboring France and Portugal . In the past few years , police have arrested many of ETA 's suspected top operatives , as well as many of its foot soldiers , and seized bomb-making materials and weapons from hidden arms caches , virtually shutting off ETA attacks . There are about 800 ETA convicts or suspects in prison , mainly in Spain but also in France , the Interior Ministry said recently . ETA 's statement comes two days after a march Saturday in the largest Basque city , Bilbao , by relatives and friends of the prisoners . They want the prisoners transferred to jails in the Basque region instead of being dispersed across Spain , which authorities have said is done for security purposes . ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union for its campaign of car bombings and shootings . The Spanish government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero began a peace process in 2006 during ETA 's earlier unilateral cease-fire , but after the organization detonated an airport bomb , the government called off negotiations . Since then , officials of Zapatero 's government have said they would not accept another cease-fire , only a definitive statement from ETA that it would end its armed fight , and specifying when and where it would lay down its arms forever . The Basque region in northern Spain already has considerable home-rule authority , with its own police , parliament , taxing power and control of health and education . But ETA rejects those as partial steps , and has fought for full independence . ETA 's goal is an independent Basque nation comprising the three-province Basque region and the neighboring Navarra region in Spain , along with three departments in southwest France that also have Basque roots . About 3 million people live in those areas now . Officials have said that in recent years , ETA has become weaker and more isolated from its traditional base of popular support .	The Basque separatist group ETA has announced and broken other cease-fires ETA seeks independence for Basques in northern Spain and southwest France About 800 ETA convicts or suspects are being held in prisons , officials say
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- A dam burst in the northeastern village of Cocal left a 12-year-old girl dead and three people missing , fire department officials said Thursday , according to Brazil 's state news agency . Steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states in Brazil since early April . The break occurred late Wednesday afternoon and was blamed on heavy rains in the state of Ceara , the state-run Agencia Brasil reported . Concern over the dam 's integrity led officials to order residents to evacuate Cocal for 15 days . But they were allowed to return this week after the dam was deemed safe , it said . Fire officials said 800 to 2,000 homes located near the dam were inundated , but civil defense officials estimated 500 families -- some 2,500 people -- were affected . Steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states since early April , killing dozens of people and forcing nearly 800,000 from their homes , according to the Brazilian civil defense agency . Meteorologists and other weather specialists are divided over the cause of the downpours , particularly in the normally dry northeastern section of the nation . Some say ocean temperatures are to blame , while others say deforestation has led to the climate change . Brazil has been devastated by rain-swollen rivers for months . Flooding in the southern part of the nation in November and December killed more than 120 people and left about another 30 missing .	Break occurred late Wednesday afternoon blamed on heavy rains in state of Ceara Steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states since early April Flooding killed dozens of people and forced nearly 800,000 from their homes
CareerBuilder.com  -- It can be tough to pinpoint exactly what the term "  personal brand " means , especially when it 's loosely used to describe everything from professional image , to manner of dress , to online reputation . While this broad definition may make the term seem like just another empty business buzzword -- developing a personal brand can actually be a great get-ahead strategy for both job seekers and those looking to advance their careers . So what exactly is a personal brand ? According to Dan Schawbel , author of "  Me 2.0 : 4 Steps to Building Your Future " and owner of PersonalBrandingBlog.com , "  A personal brand is what you stand for and what makes you special . -LSB- It 's -RSB- composed of values , a mission , and a positioning statement that depict what you do and who your audience is . -LSB- It -RSB- is an indicator for how valuable you are to employers and customers at every stage of your career . " Your personal brand also encompasses the way you market yourself to your professional community , whether it be via your résumé , your LinkedIn profile , your manner of speaking or , yes , even the way you dress . While creating a personal brand may seem daunting , chances are , you 've already started building one . Here 's what you need to know in order to expand upon , shape and make use of the personal brand you 're already creating . Careerbuilder.com : Five tips for confidently speaking up at meetings Define your brand First and foremost , you need to decide what you want your personal brand to convey about you . According to Schawbel , "  Your personal brand should represent something that is unique to you ; your personality , your passions , your talents and your dream goal . Ask yourself : ` What do I want to be known for ? ' " For instance , if you 've spent most of your career as a human resources manager in the financial world , and your ultimate goal is to become the vice president of human resources at an investment bank , then your personal brand needs to send the message that you 're an expert and a leader in the areas of HR , management and finance . Market your brand Once you decide upon your professional goals and values , it 's time to start letting others know about them . This may seem like an odd concept at first -- especially for those who have trouble tooting their own horn , so to speak -- but there are plenty of ways to subtly start getting your new message out there . The Internet is a good place to start establishing both visibility and a strong personal brand , Schawbel says . " -LSB- Take -RSB- ownership of your online presence because that is where almost all first impressions now occur . Start your own blog or website under your full name , as well as accounts on Twitter , Facebook and LinkedIn . Then , add your bio information to each and start reaching out to people in your industry using the tools . By constantly getting your name , face and valuable content out there , you will start to build and shape your brand , which will turn into opportunities , " he says . On LinkedIn and Facebook , for example , that may mean joining groups that reflect your professional goals . On Twitter , that means tweeting about what 's going on in your field instead of your plans for the weekend . If you have a blog , update it regularly with posts and insights on your industry . CareerBuilder.com : Favorite on-screen work nemeses Be consistent "  Think about how you dress , how you behave , what you publish online -- and what that says about who you are , " Schawbel says . All of these things should be consistent with the message your personal brand is trying to send . For example , if your goal is to reach an executive-level position in the next five years ; highlight your leadership qualities on your résumé , follow corporate leaders on Twitter , offer to spearhead new projects at work and dress like you 're already in the executive position you 're aiming towards . "  Your brand should be consistent because you never know how someone might find you , " Schawbel says . Look at how others are branding you To gauge the effectiveness of the brand you 've created for yourself , evaluate how others see you -- and whether it 's in line with the image you want to project . "  You know you 're communicating your brand effectively when your self-impression is equal to how people perceive you , " Schawbel says . "  One way to find out this information is to see how people categorize you on Twitter , with Twitter lists . If you 're a personal finance expert , but people put you in real estate lists , you have a real problem . " If you 're not on Twitter , asking colleagues or friends to sum up your professional image in a sentence or two will help you evaluate whether you 're branding yourself properly . The bottom line , Schawbel says , is that "  By building your brand throughout your career , you protect yourself from the unpredictable nature of the economy , and gain more career options and opportunities . " And in a time like this , who could n't use more opportunity ? CareerBuilder.com : Have an incompetent boss ? You 're not alone & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Developing a personal brand can be a great strategy for job seekers A personal brand is what makes you stand out Decide what you want your personal brand to say about you The Internet is a good place to establish both visibility and a strong personal brand
A man carrying a Mexican flag interrupted Wednesday 's Nobel Peace Prize ceremony , standing steps away from Malala Yousafzai as she received her award . Video of the event in Oslo , Norway , shows a young man with a camera around his neck holding a Mexican flag on the stage just a few feet from Yousafzai . He can be seen turning toward the 17-year-old Nobel Laureate and heard shouting "  Please Malala " and mentioning Mexico . Oslo police said the Mexican citizen was not a guest at the ceremony and had managed to go through security checkpoints . He was not carrying a weapon , the police spokesman said . Mexico 's Foreign Ministry confirmed in a statement that Norwegian police had detained a Mexican citizen after an interruption during the ceremony . He remains in custody , the foreign ministry said .	Norway police say the Mexican national was not an official guest at the ceremony He made it past security but was not armed , a police spokesman says A young man held a Mexican flag steps from Malala Yousafzai
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Mexican judge has issued an arrest warrant for reality TV producer Bruce Beresford-Redman in the death of his wife at a Cancun resort in April , his lawyer said Monday . "  We have been advised that Mexican authorities have issued a warrant for the arrest of Bruce Beresford-Redman in connection with the murder of his wife , Monica , " defense lawyer Richard Hirsch said Monday . "  This news , if true , is extremely disturbing since it appears that this case is being handled in a manner outside the normal procedures in Mexico . " The prosecutor in Mexico had said earlier Monday he had developed a "  very concrete , very specific " case that was sent to a judge Friday for consideration of charges . Quintana Roo Attorney General Francisco Alor said through a spokesman that the investigation file , with recommended charges , was sent to the judge on Friday . "  It is our understanding that the issuance of an arrest warrant normally entails a detailed judicial review that takes anywhere from several weeks to several months , " Hirsch said . "  It appears that the way this matter is being handled constitutes a rush to judgment . " Bruce Beresford-Redman was briefly detained after Monica Beresford-Redman 's body was found in a sewer at the Moon Palace Resort on April 8 . His passport was taken by investigators and he was told not to leave Mexico until the probe was concluded . The former producer on TV 's "  Survivor " recently returned to his Los Angeles , California , home , to take care of family business and see his two young children , his lawyer said . His lawyer issued a statement from Beresford-Redman Monday after learning of the arrest warrant . "  I am devastated at her loss , " Beresford-Redman said in the statement , "  and I am incensed at the suggestion that I could have had anything to do with her death . I am innocent . My children have had one parent taken from them by a senseless act of violence . I implore the Mexican authorities not to take their remaining parent by a miscarriage of justice and to do what is right , not just what is expedient . " Hirsch said Friday that there should not be "  a rush to judgment , " adding that there have been other unsolved deaths and an attack at the resort . He cited the death of an elderly Scottish woman , who was found in a swamp weeks after leaving a pool for a walk , and a Canadian man who allegedly fell from a hotel balcony . Jeff Toews , a Canadian , was found dead in May 2007 . Investigators decided he died from a drunken fall from a balcony , but his family did not accept that explanation . Julia Howard , a 77-year-old woman from Scotland , was found dead in a dense swamp six weeks after disappearing from a pool area last summer . Her family also rejected the police conclusion that her death was an accident . A woman reported an attempted rape in her hotel room "  several days after Mrs. Beresford-Redman 's body was discovered , " Hirsch said . "  We have brought this to the attention of the authorities and , in particular , to the attorney general in Cancun and asked them to pursue all leads before making a decision whether of not to charge our client , " Hirsch said . "  We feel that this case should not be a rush to judgment . " "  There are strange things going on -- I think that need to be pursued , " he said . A spokeswoman for the resort directed CNN to a Mexican news report that quoted the prosecutor saying there was no connection between other deaths and the Beresford-Redman case . The initial investigation suggested Monica Beresford-Redman "  died of strangulation , because of the bruising , " Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said . A source close to the wife has told CNN that she cleaned out the family bank account and took her two children to Hawaii because she was upset about her husband 's extramarital affair . The couple later traveled to Cancun in an effort to repair their marriage , the source said . A Los Angeles judge decided Friday that the children , ages 3 and 5 , could not attend a memorial service organized Sunday by Monica Beresford-Redman 's sisters because a therapist said it might be emotionally harmful to them . "  We respect the decision of the court , but we are very disappointed the fact that the children were denied to participate in the celebration of their mother 's life , " Jeane Burgos said . The sisters are fighting Beresford-Redman for custody of the children . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff delayed any decision on changing the current custody arrangement . Beresford-Redman 's parents were given temporary custody in April after he was told by Mexican police to remain in the country while they investigated . He filed papers for custody to be returned to him last week . Bruce Beresford-Redman built his career as a Hollywood reality television show producer . He worked for several seasons on the popular CBS show "  Survivor , " in which contestants compete against each other in a variety of extreme outdoor scenarios . He was nominated for three Emmy Awards as a producer on the show and was last credited as a producer in 2004 . He also worked on NBC 's "  The Contender " and "  The Restaurant , " as well as MTV 's "  Pimp My Ride , " according to entertainment media company IMG . Monica Beresford-Redman , a native of Brazil , owned a restaurant in Los Angeles . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Mexican judge issues arrest warrant for TV producer in wife 's death "  Very concrete " case was sent to judge Friday , prosecutor says Lawyer for Beresford-Redman complains case being handled "  outside normal procedures " Reality TV producer says "  I am innocent "
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's ruling party paid the price for a weak economy in midterm elections as the opposition Revolutionary Institutional Party rolled to victories in the lower legislative house as well as state and local posts . Mexican President Felipe Calderon was n't on Sunday 's ballot and has three years left in his six-year term . With more than 99 percent of the votes counted , the PRI had 36.7 percent to 28 percent for Calderon 's National Action Party  PAN  , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Monday . The leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution  PRD  , which nearly won the 2006 presidential election , came in a distant third with 12.2 percent of the vote . In response to the defeat , PAN president German Martinez resigned from the top party post Monday . On the ballot were seats for 500 federal legislators , six governors and about 500 mayors and local legislators in 11 states . Though Calderon has three years left in his six-year term and was not on the ballot , analysts said Monday he was held responsible for Mexico 's problems amid the global economic downturn . "  He got a beating because of the economy , " said Ana Maria Salazar , a television and radio political commentator in Mexico City . "  The government in power pays for it , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue . Besides the economy , Calderon has had to face the consequences of a drug war he launched that has left more than 10,000 people dead since he came to office in December 2006 . He also had to deal with the H1N1 flu pandemic that first became known in Mexico this year . The PAN has the most seats in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies , the lower house of Mexico 's Congress , but it does not have a majority in either . The party lost its lead in the lower house , as the PRI will hold more seats when the new delegates are seated in December . No seats were at stake in the Senate , which elects its members every six years . Calderon acknowledged the setback in a late-night address to the nation Sunday . "  The federal government recognizes the new composition of the Chamber of Deputies since it is a sovereign decision of the citizens . I congratulate who they have chosen , " Calderon said , adding he will work with the new representatives . He will have no choice but to work with the resurgent PRI , analysts said . But since the PAN did not have control of either house of Congress , Calderon has been compromising and making deals with the PRI and other parties since coming to power . "  I do n't think the job is much more difficult than it was at the outset , " Hakim said . "  It 's all a matter of degrees . Yeah , it will make it a little more difficult . But he has had to work through negotiation anyway . " Still , analysts said , the PRI now wields considerable more power . "  They 're in a position to run Congress , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . By forming temporary coalitions with the Green Party and other minor parties , the PRI can block presidential vetoes , Salazar said . "  They pretty much have control over the purse , " she said . Much more is at stake for the PRI though . After having held the presidency from 1929 to 2000 and then losing it to the PAN in the last two elections , the party is looking for a path back to power . Sunday 's results were particularly significant because the PRI finished third in the 2006 presidential election . "  The presidential campaign has started as of today , Monday , " Salazar said . Also significant was the PRD 's apparent collapse as a major party , considering it came within 1 percent of winning the presidency in 2006 . That race was so close that the results were not verified until a controversial decision two months later . Losing candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador refused to accept the results and announced himself the winner . Fistfights broke out in the Chamber of Deputies . The PRI drew away votes from the PRD in Sunday 's election , Hakim said , noting that may help Calderon because the PRD is Calderon 's main foe in Congress . Working with a larger PRI may be easier . But Selee said Calderon is on a deadline , until the 2012 presidential race really heats up . "  His window of opportunity is for the next year and half , " Selee said . "  The PRI wants to show that they can lead , that they 're a party of ideas . " No one knows if the PRI is up to the task . "  The big question is whether the PRI will look forward only to the presidential elections , " Hakim said . "  The PRI has to show that they 're responsible and capable of governing again . " To do so , the PRI has to make sure that internal fighting over who will run as the presidential candidate in three years does not paralyze the party . "  Do n't underestimate the ability of the PRI to cannibalize itself , " Salazar said . PRI leader Beatriz Paredes has emerged as a major power broker . As head of the party and newly elected member of the Chamber of Deputies , she will lead the PRI 's legislative efforts . That 's good for Calderon , Salazar said , because it will be "  much easier to negotiate with her than with other factions of the PRI . " But if the PAN and PRI ca n't agree , Selee said , "  there will be a breakdown of consensus politics . " Mexico 's leaders -- regardless of party affiliation -- also have to battle apparent disenchantment among everyday Mexicans . Voter participation Sunday was about 30 percent , officials said , but more 5 percent of those were people who "  annulled " their ballots . They turned in a ballot but did not vote for anyone or defaced the ballot . Their intent was to show that they cared enough to vote , just not for anyone on the ballot . "  It 's a repudiation of what is going on in Mexico in general , " Salazar said . Selee sees "  a general skepticism , " saying , "  Mexicans have tired of where things are going . "	NEW : German Martinez , president of PAN political party , resigns in aftermath Felipe Calderon 's party loses lead in Mexico 's lower house Mexican president held responsible for economic downturn , analysts say PRI has 36.8 percent of vote to 27.9 percent for Calderon 's PAN , news agency says
CNN  -- A suicide bomber detonated at Hezbollah checkpoint in eastern Lebanon early Tuesday , Lebanon 's state-run news agency NNA reported . The casualties from the attack included Hezbollah members and civilians , according to NNA . Additional details on their conditions were not immediately available . Guards at the checkpoint located between the towns of Sboba and Wadi Musa opened fire on the car as it approached the checkpoint . The vehicle then exploded . The blast took place near a Hezbollah center for the region .	The suicide bomber detonated near a Hezbollah regional center The blast took place near a Hezbollah center for the region
No matter who did it , shooting down a commercial airliner with almost 300 people aboard gravely escalated an already dangerous conflict in eastern Ukraine . The airline disaster Thursday turned what had been regional unrest into a full-blown international conflict , with questions of responsibility , motive and reparations for the families of victims who might come from all over the world . More than that , the tragedy appeared certain to worsen a so-far diplomatic showdown regarding Ukraine with Russia on one side and the United States and the European Union on the other . Already , hawkish Sen. John McCain of Arizona called for a bigger U.S. role if Russia was involved . "  This is a major catastrophe that could potentially have very , very far-reaching implications and geo-strategic meaning right now , " said CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour . What happened ? U.S. intelligence concluded the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down over Ukraine , a senior U.S. official told CNN , adding it was n't yet clear who did it . Finger-pointing began almost immediately . Ukraine blamed Russian-backed separatists fighting the Ukrainian military in the Donetsk region where the plane went down . The separatists said they lacked the firepower to hit a plane flying at more than 30,000 feet and accused Ukraine of doing it . Military experts noted Russia 's military , with forces again massing at the Ukraine border , has the missile systems capable of such a strike . They pointed out that separatist forces recently shot down a Ukrainian transport plane at 21,000 feet , which was out of range of known separatist weaponry . After a classified briefing later Thursday , McCain told reporters that "  the separatists could have only gotten that capability from Russia . " Huge repercussions Does it matter who did it ? Yes and no . The repercussions are huge in any case , but will differ depending on what happened . Regardless of who fired the missile , the impact of such an air disaster means investigations , reports , lawsuits and other bureaucratic responses that continue for years . The international component of passengers potentially hailing from multiple countries adds further complexity , along with the location in a region of low-level warfare in recent months . Already , some international airlines announced they would avoid Ukrainian air space for now , and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called for a "  full and transparent international investigation . " "  If it transpires that the plane was indeed shot down , we insist that the perpetrators must swiftly be brought to justice " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said . U.S. response President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden spoke by phone with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to offer assistance , and Biden said a team of U.S. aviation experts would head there right away . In language that seemed intended to stoke an emotional response , Biden said that while "  we do n't have all the details , " the plane "  apparently had been shot down . Shot down . Not an accident . Blown out of the sky . " If separatists using Russian firepower or Russian forces did it , the United States and European Union would come under pressure to take tougher steps against Moscow . So far , they have imposed sanctions on Russia and provided economic help and other aid to Ukraine . On Wednesday , Obama announced further sanctions due to Russia 's failure to take steps to end the Ukraine conflict . "  This would have the most profound repercussions , " McCain told CNN of possible Russian responsibility . Later , he told reporters the United States should "  arm the Ukrainian military , which we have shamefully not done , increase sanctions to a dramatic degree " and treat President Vladimir Putin and Russia "  as a pariah nation , which if , they are responsible for this , they deserve . " Did surface-to-air missile take down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 ?	Vice President Biden says the plane was apparently shot down No matter who did it , the tragedy has big repercussions What has been regional unrest now is an international conflict A U.S.-Russia diplomatic showdown seems certain to worsen
New Orleans  CNN  -- When I first met the wiry-looking fellow , I had no idea he was a musical genius . Nor did I know his instrument of choice . Nor that I was about to witness the last breaths of a generation . I had strolled into New Orleans simply looking for some good photos . That is all . Just some good photos and some good times . It was Mardi Gras , of course , and it was 1975 . By strict calendar standards , the 1960s were long over , but few generations pay heed to the calendar , nor did my new friend , who called himself "  the Broom Strummer of Bourbon Street . " The Broom Strummer was probably 10 years my senior , and he was instantly likeable . He walked with a slight tilt , told remarkable stories about his childhood and accomplishments , and had something slung over his shoulder . I did n't pay much attention to it . But when we walked onto Bourbon Street , others took note . Best bites in the Big Easy "  Hey Broom Strummer ! Broom Strummer ! " revelers shouted . "  Play me some broom ! " He appeared annoyed , but it was an act . He removed a leather guitar case shaped like a broom from his back . He placed it on the street , unclasped the lid , and ceremoniously pulled out a standard kitchen broom . I expected him to start noisily "  sweeping " the street -- perhaps to the beat of a familiar song . "  I knew a man , Bojangles , and he danced for you ... "  Thwappity , thwap . "  In worn out shoes ... "  Thwappity , thwap , thwap . " But instead , he clutched the broom as if it was a rare Les Paul . He raised his right hand aloft like a rock god . And he unleashed his fury . "  DAH DAH DAH DAH , dah dah dah dah ! " he screamed . "  DAH DAH DAH DAH , dah dah dah dah ! " Yes , the Broom Strummer had aced the opening licks to "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash . " Bourbon Street was transformed . From seemingly nowhere , a hundred Keith Richardses materialized , strumming a thousand air guitars , "  DAH DAH DAH DAH , dah dah dah dah ! " A thousand Mick Jaggers started prancing . "  But it 's all-right now , 'n fact it 's a gas ! " And the Broom Strummer led his tribe down Bourbon Street , singing and strumming a rock anthem . "  It 's alllll right ! Jumpin ' Jack Flash , It 's a Gas , Gas , Gaaaaaaaas ! " What to do in New Orleans between meals Every photographer , like every fisherman , has a story about the one that got away . My "  missed it " moment involved the Broom Strummer . I had spent the previous two days lugging around too damn many cameras , shooting the Canal Street parades and French Quarter insanity . On both days , I weighed the benefits of continuing to shoot the event , or ditching the cameras and joining the party . On day three , the party won . That was the day I bumped into the Broom Strummer . Even in the Big Easy , which has the highest character-per-square-mile ratio that God allows , the Broom Strummer was a standout . He clearly lived on the fringes of normal society , but clearly sought its endorsement -- it 's official government endorsement . He said he had invented "  mismatched boots "  which could have explained his lopsided walk  and said he held a patent -- an official government patent ! -- for them . He said he had written a song with very dirty lyrics , and had gotten a copyright -- an official government copyright ! -- for it . That , he enthused , meant those dirty lyrics were enshrined forever at the Library of Congress in Washington , D.C. -- right under the unsuspecting eyes of Congress ! I had n't the heart to tell him the government would copyright nearly anything . For the better part of the day , we walked around the Quarter , the Broom Strummer strumming for his appreciative fans , honoring their requests , but looking at them cross-eyed when they asked him to play the little brush clipped to his belt . You ca n't play a brush , he 'd say , disdainfully . Toward evening , we retired from the Bourbon Street mayhem to the calm of Jackson Square . There , away from the relentless demands of fame , the Broom Strummer hooked up with some old friends -- Dave Banjo-Legs and a few other troubadours . Banjo-Legs and the others were softly plucking at their instruments when a burly cop strode over . In height and heft , he was straight out of Hollywood . And in lieu of stripes , he wore his attitude on his sleeves . Now , the role of the police officer at the height of Mardi Gras has been little explored -- but it should be . Sworn to uphold the law , they are nonetheless expected to restrain their instincts when dealing with the organized disorderly conduct known as Fat Tuesday . So who can blame an officer who , amid the Mardi Gras madness , happily discovers a law that can be enforced ? The officer 's countenance stiffened as he approached the small group of musicians , as if he had stumbled upon a meeting of mass murderers . "  Hey , " he barked , with unimpeachable authority . "  No ... music ... in the ... park ! " The guitars fell silent . The banjo , too . Satisfied , the cop turned and started to walk away . It was of little account , I know . But even then , I had a feeling that I was seeing an era slip away . The writing was on the wall . Already , the cool and cruel winds of disco were blowing across the land . Soon , Bourbon Street would be filled with polyester suits , blow-dried hair and Donna Summer hits . And encounters like these , between cops and felonious musicians , would be a thing of the past . Maybe the cop felt that way , too . Because he stopped . He stood there , facing away , as if he had left some business unfinished . He turned around and pointed his beefy finger at the band . And he sealed the deal . "  That goes for BROOMS , TOO ! " he said . That moment was made in photo heaven -- a gift from the photo gods . It was official . The '60s were finally over . Kaput . Done . All wrapped up in a perfect Kodak moment . And me , without my camera .	CNN 's Mike Ahlers recalls a photo opportunity that got away A character he met in New Orleans in the mid - '70s made a lasting impression The "  Broom Strummer " marked the end of an era for this author
Sichuan province , China  CNN  -- It 's after 10 p.m. when we see a light in the distance . We 've traveled for more than three hours up a windy , icy road in western China . Our hope is to get to the Tibetan autonomous zone , in the mountainous region of Sichuan province , an area reportedly locked in an ever-growing spiral of violence . We 're so close , only an hour or so away . And then the light . Within minutes , we grind to a halt . A policeman is flashing a flashlight in my face . Our Chinese driver is already outside the car . We wo n't be going any farther tonight . Roadblocks like this are strewn across the back roads of this province . For weeks , ethnic Tibetans and Chinese security forces have been locked in conflict . Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation . It is a gruesome protest against what they claim is the ongoing oppression by Chinese authorities . Timeline of Tibetan protests in China As our car turns back , our driver calls a Tibetan contact . Something serious is going down . The Tibetan says his village is crawling with police and the military . Later , local news reports tell of two Tibetans killed in protests . But many of the villages that straddle the mountains are inhabited by Han Chinese , the dominant ethnic group in China . Inside the houses , lights are on , as people eat , watch TV and talk . We ask what they 're hearing . They tell us they have little time for the Tibetans . They call them lazy and accuse them of living off government handouts . One woman claims the Han Chinese are being targeted by violent Tibetan gangs . Local media reports say more than a dozen people have already been killed . There is hysteria , bigotry and fear here . It is fueled by government secrecy and a constant stream of military and police vehicles . Much of the province is in lockdown . In the capital city of Chengdu , police vehicles are seen moving into position at dawn . Soon , they are on every corner , armed police patrolling the streets . They are tightening their grip on this heavily Tibetan populated neighborhood . It 's hard to get people to talk here . We see a group of young monks on a corner and wave them over . They agree to take us to their living quarters . Here in a tiny one bedroom apartment , four beds crammed against the walls and their food tied in sacks , the monks tell us they are verbally abused and harassed by police , pushed to breaking point . "  I can not bear it any longer - any more , " says one . They are far from their home in the mountains ; cut off they say , they can not even make contact by phone . "  We want to go but we can not , you can see all the security out there . Wherever you go , they see you . We can not go anywhere , " he says . We ask if he 's afraid , but he just looks at a picture of the Buddha , a smile on his face . "  I ca n't explain , " he says , "  but I 'm not afraid . " In their pouch , the monks hold a keepsake of their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama , too sacred to even show us . This pouch , they say , carries a dream . "  We wish what all Tibetans wish for the most : for the Dalai Lama to return to the palace in Tibet . " They know about the self-immolation of other Buddhists ; they say they support them and vow it will continue until China leaves Tibet . For the Chinese government , though , these are dangerous men -- part of what they call a "  splittist " element , determined to tear Tibet from China . Throughout our interview , we have been watched . Later , our vehicle is followed . Our driver says his family has received threatening phone calls . On our way to the airport , a car , rather suspiciously , rams into the back of our taxi . As we make our way to the service counters , we are followed by plainclothes security talking constantly on mobile phones . Eventually trying to clear airport security , we 're grabbed by police . We are marched to an airport police station and detained and questioned for five hours . Police keep some of our video . They want to know who we spoke to , what we are doing here , where we 've been and why we want to cover this story . We have our own questions -- questions authorities are answering only with roadblocks and police . Later , Chinese authorities black out CNNI when our report airs about the situation in the ethnically Tibetan area . There are claims and counter-claims in this dark conflict . All of it is being played out behind a veil of secrecy in the mountains of western China .	NEW : Chinese authorities black out a CNN report on the situation in Tibet Buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation They are protesting against what they claim is the ongoing oppression by Chinese authorities Beijing says these are dangerous men determined to tear Tibet from China
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Natasha Richardson , a film star , Tony-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting family , died Wednesday after suffering injuries in a ski accident , according to a family statement . She was 45 . Natasha Richardson fell on a beginners ' slope in Canada . Richardson , wife of actor Liam Neeson , was injured Monday in a fall on a ski slope at a Quebec resort about 80 miles northwest of Montreal . Richardson 's family released a statement saying , "  Liam Neeson , his sons , and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha . They are profoundly grateful for the support , love and prayers of everyone , and ask for privacy during this very difficult time . " According to a statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort , Richardson fell during a lesson on a beginners ' trail . Watch a report on Richardson 's life " "  She did not show any visible sign of injury , but the ski patrol followed strict procedures and brought her back to the bottom of the slope and insisted she should see a doctor , " the statement said . Richardson , accompanied by her instructor , returned to her hotel , but about an hour after the fall was "  not feeling good , " the statement said . An ambulance was called , and Richardson was taken to a local hospital before being transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal . From there she was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . Friends and colleagues were saddened by her death . "  Natasha was brilliant , beautiful , funny , talented beyond measure , as emotionally raw as she was razor sharp , " said Jodie Foster , who worked with Richardson in "  Nell , " in a statement . "  Tasha loved fiercely and that love continues in all of us who knew her . May Liam , her beautiful boys and her loving family hold her close as they move through this tragic moment . " "  Natasha combined the best of -LSB- her parents , Vanessa -RSB- Redgrave and -LSB- Tony -RSB- Richardson : the enormous depth and emotional force of a great actor on the one hand , and the intelligence and objectivity of a great director on the other . She was a one-of-a-kind , a magnificent actress , " said director Sam Mendes in a statement . Mendes directed Richardson in her Tony-winning "  Cabaret " performance . Richardson was practically born to perform . Her grandfather , Sir Michael Redgrave , was a famed British actor . Her mother , Vanessa Redgrave , is an Oscar-winning actress , and her father , the late director Tony Richardson , helmed such films as "  Look Back in Anger , " "  The Entertainer " and the Oscar-winning "  Tom Jones . " Natasha Richardson 's uncle Corin Redgrave , aunt Lynn Redgrave , and sister Joely Richardson are also noted performers . But being part of a family of actors was n't always easy for Richardson . Her parents divorced when she was 4 and her mother , involved in controversial political causes , gave away a lot of money , putting the family in financial straits , according to the BBC . Then there was the family heritage , of which Richardson once said , "  Though my name opened doors it did n't get me work , and a lot of pressure comes from having a mother who is considered one of the greatest actresses of her generation , " the BBC reported . In 2007 , Richardson worked with her mother in the film "  Evening . " Richardson said she made one point to director Lajos Koltai about the relatives working together . "  This is a unique opportunity , " she said she told him . "  This is the one time my mother and I are going to play mother and daughter on screen , so you 've got to take advantage of it . " Watch Richardson talk about working with her mom " Richardson 's first film role was a bit part in her father 's "  The Charge of the Light Brigade "  1968  , made when she was 4 . After a handful of roles through her teens and early 20s , she broke through as Mary Shelley in Ken Russell 's film "  Gothic , " and followed that up as Patty Hearst in Paul Schrader 's 1988 film of the same name . iReport.com : Share memories of Richardson Richardson 's other notable films included "  The Handmaid 's Tale "  1990  ; the TV movie "  Zelda "  1993  ; "  Nell "  1994  , alongside Neeson , whom she married in 1994 ; the 1998 remake of "  The Parent Trap " ; and "  Wild Child "  2008  . Watch Larry King and his panel talk about Richardson 's career and death " But some of Richardson 's greatest successes were on the stage . At 22 , she played opposite her mother and Jonathan Pryce in a London production of Anton Chekhov 's "  The Seagull " ; the performance earned her the London Drama Critics ' most promising newcomer award . She won a Tony for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 revival of "  Cabaret " and earned raves for her Blanche DuBois in a 2005 production of "  A Streetcar Named Desire . " She was scheduled to perform in a revival of Stephen Sondheim 's "  A Little Night Music " this year , following a January benefit performance of the show . She and Neeson have two children , Michael and Daniel . Richardson was married to Robert Fox from 1990 to 1994 .	Actress Natasha Richardson fell Monday while skiing Richardson appeared fine , but became ill soon after Actress , 45 , was daughter of Vanessa Redgrave , wife of Liam Neeson Family says they are "  shocked and devastated , " thank all for support
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court agreed Monday to review whether a federal law outlawing the sale of graphic videos of animal cruelty amounts to a violation of free-speech rights . The Supreme Court will hear a case on dogfighting , which usually involves pit bulls , shelter statistics say . The justices accepted the Justice Department appeal of a case dealing with a tape showing pit bull dogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations . A federal appeals court had thrown out the conviction of Robert Stevens , a Virginia man who sold videos through his "  Dogs of Velvet and Steel " business . According to court records , undercover federal agents found he was advertising his tapes in "  Sporting Dog Journal , " an underground magazine on illegal dogfighting . Among the products Stevens advertised was "  Catch Dogs , " featuring pit bulls chasing wild boars on organized hunts and a "  gruesome depiction of a pit bull attacking the lower jaw of a domestic farm pig , " according to the Philadelphia-based appeals court . Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty . He was later sentenced to 37 months in prison , and promptly appealed . It was the first prosecution in the United States to proceed to trial under the decade-old law . The divided appeals court concluded that when it came to the federal law in question , "  research and empirical evidence in the record before us simply does not support the notion that banning depictions of animal cruelty is a necessary or even particularly effective means of prosecuting underlying acts of animal cruelty . " The court noted many state and local jurisdictions have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals . The government had argued a "  compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog attack tapes and similar depictions . Growing in popularity are what are called "  crush " videos , in which women , with their faces unseen , are shown stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . The case , U.S. v. Stevens , will be argued in the fall .	Supreme Court accepts case dealing with profiting from recording pit bull fights Court had thrown out conviction of man who sold "  Dogs of Velvet and Steel " tapes Government had argued "  compelling interest " in stopping "  crush " videos and the like
CNN  -- At least 35 people died and more than 100 were wounded when a spate of car bombs rocked Baghdad on Sunday , police in the Iraqi capital said . In one incident , a car bomb killed five people and wounded 11 others when it exploded at a marketplace in the predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Al-Hurriya in northwestern Baghdad , state-run TV said . Other explosions also appeared to target Shiites , but there were no further details about them . The United States said it was appalled by the attacks . "  We condemn this cowardly and reprehensible violence . We extend our condolences to the victims and their families , and hope for the swift recovery of those who were injured , " the U.S. Embassy in Iraq said in a written statement . Also Sunday , in the predominantly Sunni city of Mosul in northern Iraq , at least nine people were killed and 14 were wounded when a bomb in a parked car exploded on a commercial street outside the al-Rafidain Bank . The blast detonated just as Iraqi soldiers were lined up to get their monthly paychecks . Soldiers were among the dead and wounded . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis , who represent a minority of Iraqis , have felt politically marginalized since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Shiites make up a majority of Iraqis . So far in 2013 , more than 6,000 people have been killed in Iraq . More than 350 of those deaths came this month , and almost 1,000 happened in September .	NEW : U.S. condemns attacks through statement from embassy in Baghdad In Baghdad , 35 people killed in a spate of bombings , police say ; few details given In Mosul , a car bomb targets soldiers lined up to get their paychecks ; nine dead Iraq has seen an increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April
The suspect in the mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater screening of the new Batman film early Friday had colored his hair red and told police he was "  the Joker , " according to a federal law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation . At least 12 people were killed in the rampage and 58 were injured , one fewer than earlier reported . Of those injured "  nearly everyone was shot , " Aurora Police Chief Dan Oates said Friday night , adding that a handful of people were hurt in the resulting chaos . Ten of the victims were killed inside the theater while two others died at hospitals . As of Friday evening , the 10 bodies had been removed from the complex and authorities were preparing to begin "  the agonizing process " of notifying families , Oates said . A mug shot of suspect James E. Holmes has not been released . Witnesses to the shooting described him as wearing a gas mask that concealed much of his face and head . But the federal law enforcement source 's information about the suspect 's appearance fits with a statement from New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , who was briefed by Colorado authorities Friday . Oates declined to comment on Holmes ' appearance other than to describe what he was wearing , and said he would not release his booking photo "  for investigative reasons . " The Joker has long been a fixture in Batman comics and was famously brought to life by the late Heath Ledger in 2008 's "  The Dark Knight , " the predecessor to Friday 's release of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Ledger won a posthumous Academy Award for his sinister portrayal of the iconic villain who encourages anarchists to take over Gotham City . Meanwhile , authorities were faced with the difficult task of entering Holmes ' Aurora apartment , which was left rigged with traps . "  It 's booby-trapped with various incendiary and chemical devices and trip wires , " Oates said , adding that it could take days to work through the apartment safely . Five buildings around the apartment building were evacuated , Oates said . Residents were allowed back home briefly Friday night to retrieve such emergency items as medicine . Authorities have postponed until Saturday any attempts to enter the apartment and are bringing in resources from the federal government to help with the situation , Oates said . Shootings cast pall over ` Dark Knight Rises ' blockbuster weekend Police say Holmes , 24 , dressed head-to-toe in protective tactical gear , set off two devices of some kind before spraying the Century 16 theater with bullets from an AR-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one of two .40 - caliber handguns police recovered at the scene . Oates said the guns were purchased legally by Holmes at stores in the Denver area in the past two months . More than 6,000 rounds of ammunition were also purchased online , according to Oates . A receipt obtained by CNN shows Holmes bought some of the tactical gear , including a vest and magazine pouch , online on July 2 . Oates said investigators are "  confident " that Holmes acted alone . The shooting unfolded inside a darkened theater packed with Batman fans , some in costume for the premiere of the movie . Aurora police said how the suspect entered the theater is still under investigation . A law enforcement source working the investigation told CNN that the gunman walked into the movie theater after purchasing a ticket . After the movie was under way , he went out a rear exit door , propping it open , and gathered weapons before re-entering through the door , the source said . As he re-entered , he tossed in a canister before starting to shoot , according to a second law enforcement source involved in the investigation and several witnesses . Screaming , panicked moviegoers scrambled to escape from the black-clad gunman , who shot at random as he walked up the theater 's steps , witnesses said . It was a scene "  straight out of a horror film , " said Chris Ramos , who was inside the theater . "  He was just literally shooting everyone , like hunting season , " Ramos said . In Aurora , the agonized seek answers through faith A federal law enforcement official told CNN the man used tear gas , but Oates said Friday afternoon that it was not clear what the substance was . Holmes surrendered without resistance within seven minutes of the first calls from panicked moviegoers reporting the shooting , Oates said . Victims flooded overwhelmed hospitals . One of the injured is just 4 months old , the child 's mother said . The infant was treated and released from the hospital . "  I do n't know how else to explain it . It 's horrific , " said Tracy Lauzon , director of EMS and trauma services at Aurora Medical Center . Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media Oates said the man was wearing a ballistic helmet and protective gear for his legs , throat and groin , black gloves and a gas mask . Jennifer Seeger , who survived the attack , said she had seen the man and thought his get-up was part of the entertainment for the film 's debut . She said the man first shot toward the ceiling , then began shooting at people . He reloaded during his attack , she said . "  He was just literally just massacring anybody that got up that was trying to run away , " Seeger said . As of Friday afternoon , 30 people remained hospitalized , 11 of them in critical condition , according to Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper . Holmes is scheduled to appear in an Arapahoe County , Colorado , courtroom Monday morning , Rob McCallum , spokesman for the Colorado Judicial Department , said Friday . The court file was sealed , according to a court order . He is being held in the Arapahoe County jail , Oates said . A statement from Holmes ' family in San Diego asked for "  privacy during this difficult time . " "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved , " the statement said , adding , "  We are still trying to process this information . " Shooting turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' The FBI is assisting in the investigation , officials said , though it did not appear that the incident was related to terrorism . Prior to Friday 's shooting , Holmes ' criminal record in Aurora consisted only of a traffic summons . Aspiring sports reporter feared dead in shooting President Barack Obama canceled campaign events Friday , telling supporters at what had been scheduled as a rally in Fort Myers , Florida , that "  there will be other days for politics . " "  This will be a day for prayer and reflection , " he said , calling for the country to unite as one and support the victims . Flags at the White House were lowered to half-staff Friday afternoon in honor of the victims . iReporter witness : ` We have to run ' A law enforcement source said two of the guns used in the attack were purchased at a Bass Pro Shop in Denver , while the two others were bought at separate Gander Mountain Guns outlets in the area . Investigators also found a drum magazine , capable of carrying 100 rounds of ammunition , which was attached to the AR-15 rifle , two law enforcement officials said . KWGN : Witnesses first thought gunfire was part of movie A statement from Bass Pro Shops said its Denver store followed appropriate protocol on the sale of the two weapons . Authorities also searched the suspect 's car in the parking lot of the movie theater and found more magazines and ammunition , a federal law enforcement official said . "  It was everywhere , " the official said . Opinion : Gun control wo n't stop mass murder Christopher Nolan , director of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " condemned the shooting as "  savage " and "  appalling . " "  The movie theatre is my home , and the idea that someone would violate that innocent and hopeful place in such an unbearably savage way is devastating to me , " Nolan said in a statement on behalf of the cast and crew of the film . "  Nothing any of us can say could ever adequately express our feelings for the innocent victims of this appalling crime , but our thoughts are with them and their families . " Four Aurora theaters showing "  The Dark Knight Rises " will have extra security for the foreseeable future "  out of an abundance of caution , " Oates said . Warner Bros. , the studio behind the film , canceled the movie 's Paris premiere , while New York police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said his officers would watch over screenings of "  The Dark Knight " in the city to prevent copycat shootings . AMC Theatres , meanwhile , said it would not permit guests in costumes that make others uncomfortable , nor will it allow face-covering masks or fake weapons . 911 tape : ' I need somebody to shut this movie off ' Aurora , a Denver suburb , is about 13 miles from Littleton , Colorado -- site of the April 1999 Columbine High School massacre . In that incident , two teenage students , Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris , armed themselves with guns and bombs and shot people inside the high school . They killed 13 and wounded 23 before killing themselves . Timeline : Worst mass shootings in U.S. Are you there ? Share your story on CNN iReport and post tributes to the victims .	30 people remain hospitalized ; 11 in critical condition Authorities postpone action on the suspect 's booby-trapped apartment until Saturday Source : The gunman told police he was "  the Joker " Police say 12 people were killed and 58 injured in movie theater shooting
CNN  -- Rebel leaders said early Monday that they had captured three of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's sons -- Saif al-Islam , Saadi and Mohammed -- during their siege of Tripoli . "  As for the other four sons , we think they are either hiding or they have run away , " said Guma El-Gamaty , the Britain-based coordinator for Libya 's Transitional National Council . The latest arrest was that of Mohammad Gadhafi , whom the rebels claimed was being confined to his house . "  I 'm being attacked right now . This is gunfire inside my house . They are inside my house , " a man who identified himself as Mohammed Gadhafi told Al Jazeera in a phone call . A barrage of gunfire was then heard and the phone cut off . Later , the head of the Transitional National Council told the station that Mohammed Gadhafi was not harmed . Earlier , rebel leaders said they captured Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , a top official in his father 's regime . Another of Gadhafi 's sons , Saadi Gadhafi , was also in custody , the rebels announced . The International Criminal Court says it plans to negotiate the transfer of Saif Gadhafi who -- along with his father -- is wanted for crimes against humanity in connection with their attempts to put down the emerging revolt against Gadhafi 's four-decade rule in February . The court , based in The Hague , Netherlands , issued a similar warrant for Abdullah al-Sanussi , the elder Gadhafi 's brother-in-law and Libya 's intelligence chief . The third son detained is Saadi Gadhafi , a businessman and onetime professional soccer player . He helped set up an April CNN interview with a woman who claimed she 'd been raped by government troops . He later told CNN that those behind the attack should be prosecuted . Ali Suleiman Aujali , the Libyan Transitional National Council ambassador to the United States , told CNN early Monday he believes the Libyan people should decide whether to hand over the sons to the ICC . "  I believe the choice for the Libyan people they have the rights , you know , what they want to do with them , " he said . Aujali said the decision will be made at a later date . "  It 's very difficult to say at the present time , " he said . There was no immediate reaction from Libyan government officials to the reports of the three sons ' arrests . The whereabouts of Moammar Gadhafi was also unknown .	NEW : Four other sons are either hiding or have run away , El Gamaty says The arrest of Mohammed Gadhafi plays out as the son is on the phone with a news network Heavy gunfire can be heard and the phone call abruptly ends The International Criminal Court said it will seek to transfer Saif al-Islam Gadhafi into its custody
CNN  -- It 's a familiar refrain among jet-lagged travelers , usually accompanied by a despondent shrug . "  Well , I guess we could just grab a quick bite at the hotel . " Hotel restaurants have long had a reputation for offering over-priced , unremarkable meals , frequented only by guests too tired or unadventurous to brave the streets of a new city in search of anything better . But over the last few years , a wave of incredible new restaurants has come onto the scene to change the way we view hotel dining . For proof , look no further than American food and drink website The Daily Meal 's third annual list of the 101 Best Hotel Restaurants Around the World . "  In recent years , hotel restaurants have stepped up their game so much so that they have become coveted dining spots for locals and travelers alike , who are often either waiting in line or booking reservations months in advance just to be able to pull up a chair at the hottest restaurant in town -- which happens to be in a hotel , " says the site . To curate the list , The Daily Meal staff considered winners and nominees from the 2013 list of best hotel restaurants , consulted the Michelin Guide and other sources for further recommendations and drew hotel restaurants from its annual lists of the 101 Best Restaurants in Asia , Europe , Latin America and the Caribbean . Then they grouped the selections by continent and invited a panel of experienced bloggers , restaurant critics and other food and lifestyle writers from around the world to vote for their favorites in an online survey . According to the rules , the hotel has to have at least 15 rooms and restaurants must be under the same roof as the hotel as well as the same proprietorship . Below are the top 20 to make The Daily Meal 's list . For the full list of the 101 Best Hotels Around the World check out The Daily Meal website . 1 . Epicure at Le Bristol  Paris 2 . Dinner by Heston Blumenthal at Mandarin Oriental Hotel Hyde Park  London 3 . Le Louis XV at Hôtel de Paris  Monte Carlo 4 . Il Palagio at Four Seasons Hotel Firenze  Florence 5 . The Bazaar by Jose Andres at the SLS Hotel  Los Angeles 6 . Jean Georges at the Trump International Hotel & Tower  New York City 7 . Blue by Eric Ripert at The Ritz-Carlton , Grand Cayman  Grand Cayman 8 . Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons Restaurant at Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons  Great Milton , UK 9 . e by Jose Andres at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 10 . El Motel Restaurant at Hotel Emporda  Figueres , Spain 11 . La Pergola at Rome Cavalieri  Rome 12 . Al Mahara at Burj Al Arab  Dubai , United Arab Emirates 13 . La Marocain at La Mamounia  Marrakech , Morocco 14 . Relish at The Westin Grand  Berlin 15 . Caprice Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong  Hong Kong 16 . Acquerello Restaurant at The St. Regis Venice San Clemente Palace  Venice 17 . Altitude at Shangri-La Hotel  Sydney 18 . Huang Ting at The Peninsula Hotel Beijing  Beijing 19 . The Dining Room at Domaine de la Baume  Tourtour , France 20 . Square One at Park Hyatt Saigon  Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam	Food and drink site The Daily Meal just released its third annual list of the world 's top 101 hotel restaurants A panel of experienced bloggers , restaurant critics and other food and lifestyle writers were invited to vote on the venues Paris restaurant Epicure at Le Bristol was voted world 's best hotel restaurant According to the rules , the hotel has to have at least 15 rooms for its restaurant to be considered
A U.S. Border Patrol agent has shot and killed an apparently undocumented migrant who allegedly threw rocks at the agent , striking his face , on the California-Mexico border near San Diego , authorities said . A social justice advocacy group on Wednesday criticized the Border Patrol 's use of deadly force in the Tuesday incident , saying there 's a disturbing trend of Border Patrol "  killings of rock throwers , some of whom were teenagers and some whom were U.S. citizens " on the U.S.-Mexico border , said Andrea Guerrero , executive director of Alliance San Diego . The Border Patrol declined to comment directly on this week 's incident , which is under investigation by local authorities , but in the past , the agency has highlighted how agents are seriously injured in rock-throwing incidents and resort to lethal force to protect themselves . Guerrero said , however , some police experts advise using nonlethal force such as pepper-ball guns to respond to rock throwings . "  Border agents should adhere to best policing practices and only use lethal force as a last resort , not the only resort , " Guerrero said . In the San Diego sector on the U.S.-Mexico border , the Border Patrol has recorded more than 400 assaults , including rock throwings , on agents since 2010 . The numbers have fluctuated in recent years , from 130 assaults in 2010 , 77 in 2011 , 133 in 2012 to 73 in 2013 , according to the agency 's statistics . Names of the agent and the apparently undocumented migrant in this week 's deadly encounter have n't been released by authorities . Rock-throwing incidents have been controversial on the U.S.-Mexico border , particularly when Mexicans have thrown projectiles from the Mexico side of the international line toward Border Patrol agents on the U.S. side . In some cases , U.S. Border Patrol agents have fired their guns at the rock throwers on the Mexico side of the border , killing the rock thrower . Mexican officials have condemned the Border Patrol 's use of lethal force as excessive . The U.S. Border Patrol said the incident occurred in a rugged section of the Otay Mountains near San Diego where the agent was trying to arrest several immigrants who crossed the border illegally . "  During the attack the agent was struck in the head with a rock , " the Border Patrol said in a statement . "  Fearing for his life the agent discharged his service issued weapon resulting in the death of one assailant . " Two other undocumented migrants were arrested and in custody , the agency said . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department , which is investigating the killing , said in its account that two Border Patrol agents were trying to detain a group of suspected undocumented migrants in rugged terrain in the mountain 's White Cross area about four mile east of the Otay Mesa border crossing . "  The two agents were out of sight of each other when one of the agents was struck in the face by a rock thrown by one of the suspects , " Lt. Glenn Giannantonio said in a statement . "  Fearing for his safety , the agent fired his duty pistol at the man , striking him . The man was pronounced dead at the scene . " The border patrol agent who fired his service weapon suffered minor injuries , the sheriff 's homicide unit said .	A Border Patrol agent shoots an apparently undocumented migrant near San Diego The agent was trying to detain the migrant , who threw rocks , striking agent 's face A social justice group decries the trend of Border Patrol shootings toward rock throwers The migrant died at the scene
CNN  -- The 12-year-old Arkansas girl who was infected with a rare brain-eating parasite is showing remarkable improvement , her doctors said Tuesday . Kali Hardig is still listed in critical condition at Arkansas Children 's Hospital , but over the past 48 hours , she 's grown alert to the point where she can gesture in response to questions , according to Dr. Mark Heulitt , an intensive care specialist . Heulitt has scheduled a test for Tuesday afternoon to see whether Hardig can breathe without the breathing tube that she 's had for more than two weeks . Hardig 's doctors are in virtually uncharted territory . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The infection is caused by a microscopic amoeba called Naegleria fowleri , found in hot springs and warm , fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . You can not be infected with the organism by drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Hardig 's attending physicians , says they immediately started treating Hardig with an antifungal medicine , antibiotics and a new experimental anti-amoeba drug doctors got directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases as a way to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Last week , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Pasala said that while other cases have not met with such favorable results , what may have made a real difference is that the girl 's mother got her to the hospital so quickly . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Hardig 's infection , according to a news release from the Arkansas Department of Health . Another case of the same parasite , also called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the news release said . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Getting this amoeba is extremely rare . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were 32 reported cases in the United States , the CDC says . Most of the cases occurred in the Southeast . Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower your risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in fresh water when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . CNN 's John Bonifield and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this story .	Kali Hardig , 12 , is in critical condition at Arkansas Children 's Hospital Amoeba causes fatal brain infection , according to the CDC Parasite generally found in people who swim in warm , fresh water
Beijing , China  CNN  -- There is a long and growing laundry list in recent months of China butting heads with the rest of the world and , analysts say , the rest of the world had better get used to it . Beijing barely flinched when Google threatened to leave China , claiming to have been the victim of cyber attacks . Additionally , the government here does n't seem troubled by being the lone holdout blocking U.N. sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program -- China has the political muscle that comes with a booming economy and a political leadership which appears to be very self-assured . "  Well , China is certainly very self-confident , " said Jonathan Fenby with Trusted Sources , a research group which specializes in BRIC  Brazil , Russia , India , China  economies . "  China suffered from the world downturn ... but it 's pulled itself out of that ... and the Chinese are feeling pretty good and pretty sure of themselves , " Fenby said . "  It 's a bit like , say , Britain at the height of the Victorian era or perhaps the United States after the Second World War ... they feel they 're on a roll . Many analysts seem to point to the November visit here by U.S. President Barack Obama as some sort of turning point : despite two days of meetings with the highest levels of the Chinese government , Obama walked away with very little . One of the big issues for the U.S. is China 's currency -- considered undervalued by 20 to 40 percent , giving Chinese exporters a competitive edge . The currency issue has also been raised by the Europeans and the International Monetary Fund -- and the Chinese government has stared them all down , declaring the currency a sovereign issue . "  In the past , China could say , for instance of its exchange rate : that is a sovereign issue , that 's something only we can decide , it only affects us . But today that 's much more difficult of an argument to make , because China 's decisions affect the rest of the world and everyone else in the world has an opinion about what China should be doing , " said Patrick Chovanec from Tsinghua University . Obama 's visit to China was followed by December 's U.N. Climate Change Summit in Copenhagen , seen by many as a disappointment . China came under criticism for the summit 's failures , especially from Britain . It was the British again who were involved in a very open diplomatic spat with the Chinese a few days later , when Beijing executed British citizen Akmal Shaikh ; his family claimed he was bipolar and tricked into being a drug mule , while the Chinese said he was smuggler and executed after being caught with about four kilograms of heroin , despite a direct appeal from the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . "  I do n't think that China 's relations with the rest of the world suddenly turned ugly , " Chovanec said . "  Any time you have a rise of a new power , this is going to upset the existing balance of things , there is going to be a big adjustment . " Get ready for a few difficult months ahead when the U.S. delivers the latest Patriot missiles to Taiwan , and the Dalai Lama makes his first official visit to the Obama White House . And from an economic point of view , sometime this year , China may overtake Japan to be the world 's second biggest economy and looks set to continue to boom . "  I think there is a real difficulty here for the West , " said Jonathan Fenby . "  One feels the United States has n't really worked out what its China policy is . "	Analysts say China is increasingly influential in global affairs China stands alone in blocking U.N. sanctions against Iran China may overtake Japan to be the world 's second biggest economy One of the big issues for the U.S. is China 's undervalued currency
BALAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Mullah Nadhim preached open war on U.S. troops for years . In Iraq , voters ' fingers are dipped in ink so they ca n't vote multiple times . He and many other Sunni Muslims in Iraq shunned elections and fought instead with roadside bombs and rocket-propelled grenades . With provincial elections scheduled for autumn , however , Nadhim and other Sunnis say , they made a mistake by sitting out the elections in January 2005 . Their absence at the polls , they say , resulted in less political power for Sunnis and more for Shiite Muslims and Kurds . Some Sunnis say they plan to put down their weapons and instead join "  the battle of the fingers , " a phrase for elections that draws its name from the practice of dipping voters ' fingers in ink so they ca n't vote a second time . "  At least 80 percent of the Sunnis believe that the battle of the finger is more important , more powerful than the battle of weapons and RPGs , " Nadhim said . More than 370 former Sunni insurgents near Balad , 42 miles  68 kilometers  north of Baghdad , recently signed a pledge to stop attacking U.S. and Iraqi security forces . "  You do n't shoot us anymore , " one U.S. soldier said . "  OK ? " American soldiers fingerprinted them and took retinal scans , saying they would detain "  most-wanted " militants but releasing most others . Men who are facing charges in the Iraqi legal system were given dates to appear in court . No one suggests that the elections will end violence in Balad , but it 's a step in the right direction in the eyes of the U.S. military and Iraqi government . Provincial elections are seen as key in empowering Iraqis at the grass-roots level and creating a political system that includes those who have been alienated from power . The Bush administration has set provincial elections as one of its benchmarks to foster political reconciliation in Iraq . "  On the political front , Iraq has seen bottom-up progress as tribes and other groups in the provinces who fought terror are now turning to rebuilding local political structures and taking charge of their own affairs , " President Bush said recently . Iraqi authorities originally hoped to hold the elections by October 1 . Yet details of the vote , including when it is to be held , are still being debated between Iraq 's main political blocs . Gen. David Petraeus , the outgoing top U.S. military commander in Iraq , told Congress two weeks ago that provincial elections probably will happen in November . Whatever the date , one former member of the Ansar al Sunna militant group probably will be among those casting ballots . He said that spurning the last elections in favor of violence left Sunnis in Balad largely powerless . "  Right now , everything is being run by the Shiites , " he said . "  God willing , this time it will be better than before . "	Sunnis say they made mistake by sitting out 2005 election They look forward to "  the battle of the fingers " at this year 's elections Provincial elections are seen as key in empowering Iraqis
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- The Moscow skyline of the Kremlin and St. Basil 's Cathedral vanished Friday as a blanket of thick , noxious smoke shrouded the metropolis , leaving many of the city 's 10 million residents with sore throats and burning eyes . On Friday , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visited a Moscow ambulance station , accompanied by top health officials . He was told that the number of emergency calls has increased by about 10 percent lately , related to the heat and smog . The acrid smoke , from thousands of square miles of wildfires , drove carbon monoxide levels in Moscow five times higher than what is considered safe , the Russian Health Ministry said . Residents were encouraged to stay indoors . Many who did not could be seen wearing masks as they walked outdoors . In interviews with the state-run RIA Novosti news agency , health officials likened the pollution levels to smoking several packs of cigarettes a day . Some flights to Moscow were diverted Friday because or poor visibility . The Russian Ministry for Health and Social Development reported Friday that 52 people have died as a result of the extensive fires in central Russia . Another 72 people needed treatment , 43 of whom remain hospitalized , it said . Fires were still burning Friday in 22 of the country 's 83 regions . Tens of thousands of firefighters have been deployed to extinguish nearly 600 raging wildfires covering 500,000 acres , among the worst ever . The record heat wave gripping the country showed no signs of abating Friday . Temperatures climbed to 37 degrees Celsius  98 degrees Fahrenheit  in Moscow and hit 41 degrees Celsius  nearly 106 Fahrenheit  farther to the southeast in Tambov . By Sunday , Moscow could reach 40 degrees Celsius  104 Fahrenheit  , a figure never before officially recorded in the city . Percy von Lipinski , who is visiting Russia , described the sun as a "  barely visible dot of orange trying to light the sky . " Watch Percy 's walk through smokey Moscow "  I dared venture outside today but can tell you that it was a difficult job , " he said in a CNN iReport . "  Tomorrow I have decided to take my chances to see if things are any better in the country side . " CNN 's Matthew Chance and Max Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian president visits ambulance station Carbon monoxide levels are dangerously high in Moscow People are encouraged to stay indoors and wear masks There are no signs of the heat wave abating , and wildfires are still raging in the countryside
CNN  -- As Syria 's foreign minister blasted international calls for President Bashar al-Assad to step down , Syrian forces were shelling civilian neighborhoods and battling rebel forces , opposition leaders said . Foreign Minister Walid Moallem told the U.N. General Assembly that the rhetoric against al-Assad amounts to a "  blatant interference in the domestic affairs of Syria , and the unity of its people and its sovereignty . " Here are some of the latest events in the Syrian uprising : Deadly violence At least 183 people were killed Monday , including 12 children , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The deaths included more than 30 due to aerial shelling , the group said . Forty-two people were killed in Idlib -- at least 30 of them "  in a massacre " in the town of Seqlein , the LCC said . The group reported that 55 people were killed in and around Damascus . The Free Syrian Army launched an offensive to gain control of the Aleppo military airport on the outskirts of Syria 's largest city , said Abdulla Yasin , spokesman for the rebel fighters . There were fierce clashes with al-Assad 's troops for control of the vital base , he said , adding that FSA troops destroyed four fighter planes and a tank at the airport . Eleven civilians were killed when a regime shell struck a mosque in the Hnano neighborhood , Yasin said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said Monday its forces carried out operations against gatherings of "  terrorists " in Aleppo and elsewhere , inflicting "  heavy losses . " Seventeen citizens were "  martyred in terrorists ' shelling " on a village in Homs Sunday , the government said . Hama Massacre recalled as troops move into city Syrian security forces are uprooting thousands of people and demolishing their homes in the western flashpoint city of Hama , residents told CNN . As security forces surround the Mesha Alarbeen district and bulldozers tear down homes inside , the Hama Massacre is still fresh in the minds of many who live there . Between 3,000 and 40,000 people were believed to have died when the military acting under orders from Hafez al-Assad -- the father of the current Syrian president -- brutally cracked down on a revolt in 1982 . A 1983 Amnesty International report put the toll on both sides between 10,000 and 25,000 . Hama is once again an epicenter of the anti-government movement that has roiled the country . "  So far they have razed 120 buildings , " Osamah , a Hama resident who visited the neighborhood on Sunday , told CNN . SANA reported a "  massive presence of terrorist armed gangs that threaten " the people of Hama . Other SANA articles referenced how security forces had found large amounts of weapons in the area . The Syria toll , so far Newly released casualty figures from the LCC put the number of civilians and opposition fighters killed in the conflict at around 28,000 More than 24,000 of them were civilians , the LCC said . Thousands of Syrian troops have also reportedly been killed . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says more than 30,000 people have died in the unrest . CNN is unable to independently confirm casualty reports as the Syrian government has severely limited the access of international journalists . The new casualty figures show August was the deadliest month , with 5,091 killed . In September , 4,071 people were killed , according to the LCC . Report : Iraq to search Iranian planes bound for Syria Iraq will conduct random searches of Iranian planes bound for Syria to check for arms shipments , Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari said in an interview published Sunday in the al-Hayat newspaper . Zebari said Iraq will not act as a passageway or a channel for arms to make their way into Syria . "  We are not with the militarization of the conflict . We are against the arming the regime or the opposition , " he said . The foreign minister told the newspaper that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others raised concerns about arms shipments . The United States believes Iran , one of al-Assad 's strongest supporters , is arming government forces . Clinton has called on Syria 's neighbors to take steps to prevent Iran from using its land and airspace to deliver shipments to Syria . Iraq faces a difficult task in enforcing the inspections , Zebari said . "  We explained to the U.S. side that Iraq 's air defense capabilities are limited , and we are in the stage of building our air force , " he said . More : Syrian rebels claim knowledge of chemical weapons site Iranian flights over Iraq to Syria began in March but were stopped shortly after at the request of Iraq , Zebari said . The flights resumed in July . "  They said these flights contain no weapons or hardware , and that they transport pilgrims , visitors and so on . But to verify their shipments , we will ask these planes to land , " Zebari said . Last week , Baghdad rejected a request from North Korea to fly through its airspace to Syria because of a suspicion the flight was carrying arms . Background The Syrian conflict broke out in March 2011 after unarmed protesters , inspired by the success of popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , took to the streets demanding political reform . The movement devolved into an armed conflict after a brutal and continuing crackdown by government forces . Foreign Minister Moallem spoke Monday to the U.N. General Assembly just days after world leaders painted a grim picture of the conflict . Syria has dominated much of the General Assembly discussion -- on stage and on the sidelines -- as world leaders struggle to find a way to resolve the war that has left the Security Council hopelessly deadlocked , with China and Russia opposing some of the toughest measures proposed . The Security Council has been paralyzed by a division over how to halt the killing in Syria . Russia and China have blocked resolutions calling for al-Assad to transfer power and step down , saying the issue should be settled by Syrians . Germany has slammed the U.N. Security Council for failure to act , and the United States , Britain and France announced they are backing increased support of non-lethal aid to the Syrian opposition . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 183 people were killed Monday , an opposition group says Iran 's foreign minister says calls for al-Assad 's ouster are an interference Iraq 's foreign minister says Iran 's planes bound for Syria will undergo random inspections The opposition group puts the human toll in the 19-month crisis at around 28,000
CNN  -- A California jury on Thursday rejected claims that Toyota was responsible for the death of a woman in a 2009 crash that resulted from a sudden and uncontrollable acceleration of one of its cars . The Los Angeles Superior Court jury returned the verdict after more than four days of deliberations . The case was one of a large number of lawsuits filed in state and federal courts against the automaker over claims of unintended acceleration in its vehicles . "  We are gratified that the jury concluded the design of the 2006 Camry did not contribute to this unfortunate accident , affirming the same conclusion we reached after more than three years of careful investigation -- that there was nothing wrong with the vehicle at issue in this case , " Toyota said in a statement posted on its website . Calling the case a "  bellwether , " Toyota said it believes the verdict also set a "  significant benchmark " that its vehicles are safe with or without a brake override system . The family of driver Noriko Uno says that she was driving her 2006 Toyota Camry in Upland , California , when it suddenly and unexpectedly accelerated to more than 100 mph despite her pressing the brake pedal . The car eventually struck a telephone pole . Toyota maintained throughout the trial there was no defect , and that Uno 's car was equipped with a state-of-the-art braking system . The automaker has long maintained that claims about its vehicles ' unintended acceleration are "  wholly unsubstantiated . " The controversy has already proved costly for Toyota . The company announced in December it would take a charge of more than $ 1 billion to settle claims from drivers who say their vehicles lost value as a result of the alleged acceleration problems . Toyota said at the time that it settled simply to bring an end to the litigation , and denied wrongdoing . Toyota was forced to recall more than 8 million vehicles in 2009 and 2010 because of gas-pedal-related issues . Of that total , 5.8 million were flagged over the potential for their accelerator pedals to become stuck in floor mats . Some 4.5 million were recalled because of the potential for their gas pedals , after wear , to become sticky . More than 2 million vehicles were subject to both recalls . Uno 's 2006 Camry was not subject to these recalls , though her family 's suit claimed her model was also defective , and that Toyota failed to include a brake override system to guard against sudden and unexpected acceleration . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	Jury returns verdict after more than four days of deliberation Noriko Uno was killed in a 2009 crash Her family sued Toyota , claiming her Camry suffered an unintended acceleration Toyota says the verdict reaffirms its findings that its vehicles are safe
Amsterdam  CNN  -- I recently returned to Amsterdam from the latest round of U.N. climate talks in Cancun , Mexico , and found this city of canals covered in snow . It was a beautiful sight . Yet rather than filling me with joy , it caused me concern . Over the past few years , climate-change skeptics have repeatedly used cold snaps as proof that our planet is not heating up . This argument ignores NASA 's recent analysis of 2010 as the warmest year on record and the World Meteorological Organization 's pronouncement of the first decade of this century as the hottest since records began . Global warming does not simply mean that temperatures are always climbing . What it does mean is that although our planet is steadily heating up , a delicate set of climatic imbalances creates an increase in extreme weather events . These may include both dramatic heat spells and powerful snowstorms , such as those that have blanketed parts of Europe not used to seeing such weather -- as well as the more southerly reaches of the Eastern Seaboard of the U.S. Most scientists tell us that we must dramatically curb greenhouse gas emissions if we are to avert catastrophic climate change . To do this , it will be necessary to mobilize people around the globe who are not yet concerned about the issue . But if the scientific evidence can be buried , in the eyes of some , by a single heavy snowfall , then we must have new strategies that generate interest in this complex issue and sustain public and political support for action . Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist Joel Pett may have hit upon something with a cartoon he drew for last year 's climate talks in Copenhagen , Denmark . It shows a scientist addressing a large audience at a climate summit . A spectator at the left side of the panel asks his neighbor : "  What if it 's a big hoax and we create a better world for nothing ? " The answer emerges on the right side of the panel where the following list appears on a chalkboard : energy independence , preserve rainforest , sustainability , green jobs , livable cities , renewables , clean water and air , healthy children , etc. , etc. . There is indeed something for almost everyone in climate protection . A small nonprofit group called the Climate and Energy Project ran with this idea in 2007 . It sponsored a yearlong competition between six towns in Kansas with the goal of getting them to lower carbon emissions . They did this by reducing their energy consumption and accepting renewable sources of energy . A study had shown that a majority of residents in that region believed either that climate change was a hoax or that recent dramatic weather events were simply the result of natural climate cycles . Organizers decided to highlight the more immediate benefits of cutting carbon emissions , including energy independence , development of the local economy and financial savings . The New York Times reported in October that the project 's strategy seems to have worked . In a year , the article read , "  energy use in the towns declined as much as 5 percent relative to other areas -- a giant step in the world of energy conservation , where a program that yields a 1.5 percent decline is considered successful . " Most of the world 's major religions also offer reasons to engage in climate protection . Because taking care of the poor and needy  often disproportionately affected by climate-related disasters  and protecting God 's planet are tenets of most of the world 's major faith-based organizations , environmental protection is commonly becoming part of what they preach . Some Muslim and Hindu groups , for example , are working on special product labeling that would inform consumers about environmental impacts of the items being purchased . Similarly , around the globe , diverse organizations -- including trade unions , churches , non-governmental organizations and governments -- are coming together to find solutions to climate change . In 2010 , the fossil fuel industry offered , albeit by accident , one of the greatest motivations to take action on global warming . BP 's Deepwater Horizon oil spill resulted in the death of 11 rig workers ; local economies suffered deeply , and wildlife in the region could take decades to recover . The continued disintegration of public trust in government and business policy and procedures surrounding the disaster will , justifiably , have repercussions for a long time to come . Speaking with a Dutch friend , I commented that the snow -- which has caused great travel difficulties around Europe -- was at least a wonderful thing for children , who are out in force making snowmen . "  Yes , " he replied , but when I was growing up , winters were so cold the canals would freeze over every year , and we could skate on them . Last year was the first time this happened again in over a decade . The world is no longer as we knew it . It is not possible to backtrack on climate change . It is , however , still within our power to help preserve our planet for future generations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kumi Naidoo .	Kumi Naidoo said Amsterdam snow delightful , but he feared it would fuel global warming denial He says NASA analysis named 2010 the warmest year on record Naidoo : Even those who doubt climate change can take actions that benefit them and the planet For skeptics , case must be made in terms of better health , water , energy independence
Mental Floss  -- 1 . The SPAM ® Museum SPAM marks its 70th anniversary in 2007 which is also the Chinese Year of the Pig . If the on-site "  wall of SPAM " is any indication , a tour through the SPAM Museum in Austin , Minnesota , is guaranteed fun for the whole canned-pork-loving family . SPAM 's parent company , Hormel Foods , opened the establishment in 2001 to the tune of almost 5,000 cans of SPAM . One of the main attractions is a scale model of a SPAM plant , where visitors can don white coats and hairnets while pretending to produce America 's favorite tinned meat . 2 . National Museum of Funeral History It 's pretty hard to argue with the motto "  Any Day Above Ground is a Good One . " So goes the backhanded optimism of the National Museum of Funeral History , a Houston facility that opened in 1992 . Visitors are treated to exhibits that include a Civil War embalming display and a replica of a turn-of-the-century casket factory . In addition , the museum boasts an exhibit of "  fantasy coffins " designed by Ghanaian artist Kane Quaye . These moribund masterpieces include a casket shaped like a chicken , a Mercedes-Benz , a shallot , and an outboard motor . According to Quaye , his creations are based on the dreams and last wishes of his clients , which -- let 's be honest -- really makes you wonder about the guy buried in the shallot . 3 . The Hobo Museum If you 're bumming around but looking for a good time , be sure to take a load off in Britt , Iowa , at The Hobo Museum , which details the history and culture of tramps . Bear in mind , though , that the museum kind of , well , slacks on hours and is only open to the public during the annual Hobo Convention . Luckily , tours can be arranged by appointment any time of year . Of course , if you 're interested in the Hobo Convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the "  hobo jungle , " located by the railroad tracks . Both the event and the museum are operated by the Hobo Foundation , which -- incidentally -- also oversees the nearby Hobo Cemetery , where those who have "  caught the westbound " are laid to rest . 4 . The Mütter Museum Originally , the College of Physicians of Philadelphia erected the Mütter Museum as a creative way to inform medical students and practicing physicians about some of the more unusual medical phenomena .  You know , babies with two heads , that sort of thing . But today , it primarily serves as a popular spot for anyone interested in the grotesque . There , you 'll find the world 's largest colon , removed from a man who died -- not surprisingly -- of constipation . Also on display : an OB-GYN instrument collection , thousands of fluid-preserved anatomical and pathological specimens , and a large wall dedicated entirely to swallowed objects . 5 . The Barnum Museum What better way to honor "  Greatest Show on Earth " founder P.T. Barnum than with a mediocre museum in Bridgeport , Connecticut ? Some visitors will appreciate the museum 's ridiculously detailed miniature model of a five-ring circus . But only circus freaks  and by that we mean "  enthusiasts "  will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of Barnum 's 40-inch-tall sidekick , General Tom Thumb . 6 . The Conspiracy Museum There 's more than one theory about the assassination of John F. Kennedy , so why not have more than one museum devoted to it as well ? Most JFK buffs are familiar with the Sixth Floor Museum housed in the former Texas School Book Depository , which recounts all those boring "  mainstream " details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of Lee Harvey Oswald . But just down the street , the Conspiracy Museum offers fodder for those less apt to buy into The Man 's propaganda . For the most part , the museum specializes in showings of the Zapruder film and explanations of contrary assassination theories , including other gunmen on the grassy knoll and possible mafia involvement . 7 . The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices Take two trips to the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices and call us when you 've lost all faith in the medical profession . Thanks to curator Bob McCoy  who recently donated the collection to the Science Museum of Minnesota  , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the St. Paul tourist attraction , whether it 's a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers . If you make the trip , be sure to check out the 1930s McGregor Rejuvenator . This clever device required patrons to enclose their bodies , sans head , in a large tube where they were pounded with magnetic and radio waves in attempts to reverse the aging process . 8 . Cook 's Natural Science Museum What began as a training facility for Cook 's Pest Control exterminators blossomed into one of the few museums in the country willing to tell the tale of the pest . At Cook 's Natural Science Museum in Decatur , Alabama , visitors can learn everything they ever wanted to know about rats , cockroaches , mice , spiders , and termites ... all for free . And while most people would rather step on the live specimens than learn about them , museum exhibits such as the crowd-pleasing Pest of the Month keep reeling in patrons . 9 . Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum So , what do you get when you combine the loneliness of a pet cemetery with the creepy flair of vaudeville ? The Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum , of course -- where dummies go to die . The Fort Mitchell , Kentucky , museum was the brainchild of the late William Shakespeare Berger , who founded the site as a home for retired wooden puppets . In fact , he collected figures from some of the country 's most famous ventriloquist acts . And with more than 700 dummies stacked from floor to ceiling , you 're bound to feel like you 're stuck inside a 1970s horror flick -- albeit a really good one . But sadly , when Berger gave the tour , you could totally tell his mouth was moving . 10 . The Trash Museum Mom was n't kidding when she said one man 's trash is another man 's treasure . At the Trash Museum in Hartford , Connecticut , the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority  CRRA  turns garbage into 6,500 square feet of pure recycling entertainment ! T our the Temple of Trash or visit the old-fashioned town dump . And for your recycler-in-training , head across the state to the Children 's Garbage Museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1-ton Trash-o-saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	If you build it , the tourists will come to your museum Museums for hobos , medical oddities and trash Kentucky museum is where dummies go to die
CNN  -- Thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of Poland over the signing of an international treaty to enforce intellectual property rights on the Internet . Police said more than 10,000 people have taken part in the countrywide protests , which began Wednesday and are set to continue Friday . A group of lawmakers in parliament also protested the signing Thursday in Tokyo by the Polish ambassador to Japan . The legislation must be ratified by the Polish parliament before coming into effect . Protesters held signs and banners reading "  No to ACTA . " Their protests were largely peaceful , though there were a few skirmishes in the city of Poznan , where protesters threw bottles at police . Activists hacked several websites , including that of the prime minister , to protest the signing . The activists say the treaty -- called ACTA , or the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement -- amounts to Internet censorship . The European Commission describes ACTA as a "  major initiative " designed to fight piracy and the counterfeiting of goods at the international level . It says the agreement would not censor or shut down websites and , unlike the SOPA bill recently put on hold in the U.S. Congress , it would not change legislation . ACTA allows criminal procedures and penalties to be applied in cases of counterfeiting and piracy , such as the unauthorized copying of movies . Penalties would be applied to offenders as well as those guilty of "  aiding and abetting " the crime . The actual penalties would be up to the individual countries that have signed onto ACTA . SOPA , introduced by the U.S. House of Representatives , and a sister bill in the Senate called PIPA , aim to crack down on copyright infringement by restricting access to websites that host or facilitate the trading of pirated content . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	The bill would fight counterfeiting and piracy Opponents say it amounts to Internet censorship Poland signed the treaty Thursday
The number of law enforcement officers shot to death in the line of duty is up by more than 50 % this year , and the leading method of those shootings was ambush-style attack . That 's according to the nonprofit Washington-based National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund , which released its findings Tuesday . There were 50 officers killed by firearm in 2014 , up from 32 the previous year . Of those 50 officers , 15 were killed in ambush attacks , the Memorial Fund said . Ten were killed ambush-style in 2013 , the Fund said . The FBI , however , found that five officers were ambushed and killed in 2013 . According to the Fund 's 2014 report , 126 federal , state , local , tribal and territorial officers were killed in the line of duty in 2014 , compared to 123 in 2012 and 102 in 2013 . CNN has not analyzed each case and can not authenticate the group 's findings . "  These troubling statistics underscore the very real dangers that America 's brave law enforcement officers face every time they put on their uniforms , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said . "  Each loss is both tragic and unacceptable -- a beloved father , mother , son or daughter who never came home to their loved ones . " He added that the Department of Justice is doing its own analysis of officer deaths in 2014 "  so we can mitigate risks in the future . " The report comes amid simmering distrust and tension between the police and some communities across the country . It was also published less than two weeks after the December 20 ambush shooting of two New York City police officers . Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , approached Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos as they sat in their marked patrol car in Brooklyn on December 20 and shot them to death . The Memorial Fund evoked thoughts of Liu and Ramos ' deaths in a statement Tuesday . "  With the increasing number of ambush-style attacks against our officers , I am deeply concerned that a growing anti-government sentiment in America is influencing weak-minded individuals to launch violent assaults against the men and women working to enforce our laws and keep our nation safe , " said Fund Chairman and CEO Craig W. Floyd . "  Enough is enough . We need to tone down the rhetoric and rally in support of law enforcement and against lawlessness . " The rhetoric Floyd was referring to is n't confined to the angry words and sometimes violent clashes between police and protesters after Michael Brown was shot to death in Ferguson , Missouri , or the New York death of Eric Garner after police attempted to subdue him , which also spurred national protests , said Fund spokesman Steve Groeninger . Groeninger said the uptick in ambush-style attacks was "  punctuated " by the New York officers ' slayings , but there were other targeted attacks against law enforcement in 2014 that concern the Fund . They include : -- In Las Vegas in June , Jerad Miller and his wife surprised two police officers as they ate lunch , shooting them to death . Witnesses said the Millers placed a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika on one officer 's body . -- In Jersey City , New Jersey , in July , police said a man assaulted a Walgreens security guard and took his gun in order to carry out the ambush-style killing of an officer , according to the Jersey Journal . -- In September , two Pennsylvania State Police troopers were ambushed and shot outside the police barracks in Blooming Grove . The hunt for the alleged killer , Eric Frein , lasted for almost seven weeks . He was captured at an abandoned airport on October 30 . Frein was hit with terrorism charges in November for allegedly admitting that he shot the officers to change the government and "  wake people up . "	Attorney general says report shows real dangers officers face every day 50 officers killed by firearms in 2014 , up from 32 in 2013 says Officers ' Memorial Fund National Law Enforcement Officers ' Memorial Fund : Of 50 , 15 killed in ambush attacks
Los Angeles  CNN  -- With a nod to the future , Sony paid tribute to the gamer and revealed new , power-packed and very bloody titles at the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in Los Angeles on Monday . Promising "  next generation experiences , " Sony Computer Entertainment of America president Jack Tretton introduced new games aimed at mature audiences : "  The Last of Us , " "  God of War : Ascension " and "  Beyond : Two Souls . " Each featured video and game play that was evocative , brutal and bloody with action that drew gasps and cringes . "  This is the Super Bowl for those of us in the game industry , " Tretton said . "  This year , Sony wants to pay tribute to the gamers . " There were no great reveals or announcements about new hardware , despite persistent rumors that a new PlayStation 4 might be on the horizon . Much of the event focused on integration between the current PlayStation 3 and the handheld PlayStation Vita and the mention of a new service called PlayStation Mobile that will bring the PS experience to mobile phones and tablets . Tretton said there will be 60 new titles for the Vita next year and PlayStation 1 titles will also be available for play on the handheld console . One new title , "  PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale , " can be played on the home console and the Vita at the same time . "  We are investing heavily  in  cross-play  playing on PS3 and Vita simultaneously  , " Tretton said . "  People can play whenever and wherever they want with cross-play . The Vita also becomes an enhanced controller for the PS3 . " There will also be exclusive titles for the Vita , like "  Call of Duty : Black Ops Declassified " and "  Assassin 's Creed III : Liberation , " featuring a female lead assassin . Jessica Chobot , correspondent for G4TV 's "  Attack of the Show " said she was really impressed with the new game play for "  Assassin 's Creed III . " "  I 'm the kind of gamer that looks for story . I 'm a big RPG  role-playing game  fan so things that have a really good story for me carry more weight for me as a gamer , " she said . "  The fact they have a sea battle is really cool . " Sony 's new offerings were n't all for adults , however . The company also unveiled WonderBook , a new accessory for the Move controller that helps bring stories to life using augmented reality . The first release for Wonderbook will be "  Book of Spells , " a Harry Potter-themed title with content by J.K Rowling , creator of the blockbuster book series . In his remarks Monday , Tretton praised Sony 's "  passionate " fans and implored them to "  never stop playing . "	Sony introduced several new titles during E3 event Monday night The company seeks more integration between PlayStation 3 and its handheld Vita device Sony also is heavily investing in cross-play , said Jack Tretton
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry has identified the suicide bomber who attempted to assassinate the country 's assistant interior minister last Thursday and released details of a phone conversation between the two men prior to the attack . A Saudi man reads a newspaper featuring a front-page story on Thursday 's attack . The disclosures reported by the country 's official news agency were highly unusual . The agency , SPA , reported the attacker , Abdullah Hassan Talea ' Asiri , a wanted Saudi militant who had been hiding in Yemen , got in touch with Saudi authorities telling them he wanted to turn himself in to Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Naif , the assistant minister of Interior for Security Affairs . After arriving back in Saudi Arabia , Asiri spoke by phone to Mohammed , who agreed to see him during a Ramadan reception at his home in the city of Jeddah . According to a transcript provided by SPA , during the phone call the men exchanged greetings and discussed the importance of the holy month of Ramadan . Mohammed is quoted as telling Asiri that "  one should be careful ; evil people would like to exploit all of you . Now only you to fear Allah Almighty and come home . " Later in the conversation , Asiri asked if a special plane could be dispatched to take him to meet with Mohammed . Asiri , escorted by security , was transported to Jeddah , where he met with the prince at his palace . During the meeting , Asiri explained to Mohammed that other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender but sought reassurances from the prince . According to SPA , a call was then placed to one of the militants in Yemen . While the prince was on the phone , Asiri blew himself up , SPA reported . Mohammed , who is also the son of the country 's Interior Minister , was lightly injured in the attack . Saudi King Abdullah was shown visiting the prince in the hospital after the attack on Saudi TV . The king asked the prince why the militant was allowed to get so close him without being inspected properly and searched thoroughly . Prince Mohammed answered the king by telling him it had been a mistake . SPA adds that "  the concerned security authorities opened an investigation into the incident . However , the criminal laboratory and a forensic report have reached conclusions that , for security considerations , will not be announced at this time . " Asiri 's name was on a list of 85 most wanted suspects released by Saudi Arabia in February . At the time the list was released , Saudi Arabia asked Interpol for its help in apprehending dozens of the wanted Saudis on the list who were suspected of plotting attacks against Saudi Arabia from abroad . The announcement was significant because it is rare for the kingdom to announce that some of its most wanted terrorists are on the loose . It is also unusual for Saudi Arabia to ask for help in finding them . Some of the suspects on the most wanted list had been released from Guantanamo Bay , returned to Saudi Arabia , and had then gone through a Jihadi reeducation program run by the Interior Ministry , before fleeing to Yemen and taking up terrorist activity once more . Saudi Arabia has been battling terrorism since 2003 , when al Qaeda launched a series of attacks inside the Kingdom . In the security crackdown that followed , Asiri , like many other wanted Saudi militants , fled to Yemen . Earlier this year , Saudi al Qaeda and Yemeni al Qaeda merged to form "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which operates out of Yemen , claimed responsibility earlier this week for the attack against Mohammed . In August , Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry announced that over the past year , 44 al Qaeda suspects across the country had been arrested . While the Interior Ministry is calling the attempted assassination an "  action of treachery and treason " , SPA reports that the Ministry will not change its "  open-door policy " of granting amnesty to militants wishing to surrender - in particular , "  those citizens residing outside the country " who wish to "  take advantage of the state-sponsored program of advice and care . "	Wanted Saudi militant Abdullah Hassan Talea ' Asiri had been hiding in Yemen Reportedly got in touch with Saudi authorities saying he wanted to turn himself in Asiri met with Saudi assistant minister of Interior for Security Affairs He explained other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender
CNN  -- "  Fast & Furious 6 " studio Universal is doing its part to honor Paul Walker 's memory . After the actor 's death in a fiery car wreck Saturday , the studio has pledged to give a percentage of the proceeds from the home entertainment sales of "  Fast & Furious 6 " to Walker 's charity , Reach Out WorldWide . The 40-year-old founded the organization , which works with local experts to provide disaster relief , in January 2010 , after Haiti was devastated by an earthquake . On the day of his death , Walker was attending a holiday toy drive for the organization . "  With the passing of Paul , the world has lost a man who spent a great deal of his life in service to others , " the chairman of Universal Pictures , Donna Langley , said in a statement Tuesday . "  We share in the deep grief of his family , friends and the countless fans who love him . We keep Paul 's memory alive and honor his legacy through continued support of Reach Out WorldWide , the non-profit he founded to give hope to those who must rebuild after they have experienced natural disasters . " "  Fast & Furious 6 " was a juggernaut at the box office when it was released in May , and went on to earn $ 238 million domestically and $ 788 million worldwide . The DVD and Blu-ray will be released on December 10 . Walker 's family has requested that grieving fans and friends donate to Reach Out WorldWide in lieu of sending flowers . "  It 's comforting for them to know that the son , brother , and father they love so much is equally adored , respected , and appreciated by so many , " the actor 's family said in a statement . "  Paul founded the organization with the genuine desire to help others , and it 's important to his family to keep his memory alive through ROWW . " The seventh installment of Universal 's blockbuster "  Fast " franchise was in the works at the time of Walker 's death , and it 's still unclear what will become of the project , which is scheduled to bow in July 2014 . In the meantime , Walker 's "  Fast & Furious " co-stars are trying to cope with a stunning loss . Jordana Brewster , who worked closely with Walker in a number of the "  Fast " films , said in a statement that Walker "  was an enormous presence in my life for the past fourteen years . " As others have , Brewster made it a point to note Walker 's generous spirit . "  While many would be satisfied with material success it made Paul more convinced of the need to help others , " the 33-year-old star said . "  He never spoke of his immense generosity or philanthropic endeavors unless I prodded , however . This is what made Paul , Paul . He lived with integrity , humanity and humility and seemed most happy when talking about his daughter , Meadow . I do n't know anyone who lived each moment more fully and loved life more than Paul ; making his loss all the more heartbreaking . " Brewster 's comment is part of an incredible outpouring of messages from people in the entertainment industry . After news of his death spread , even those who said they did n't know Walker well acknowledged that they 'd heard about his kindness . Michelle Rodriguez , another actress who 's worked with Walker , tweeted on December 2 that she 's "  gon na carry this torch for you brother , with a forced smile on my face and Im gon na open my heart just cause your telling me to . " Other "  Fast " stars , like Tyrese Gibson and Vin Diesel , have joined fans in mourning at the crash site . Gibson has shared what he calls words of healing with fans , and Diesel posted a farewell message to Walker on his Facebook page . "  Pablo , I wish you could see the world right now ... and the profound impact , your full life has had on it , on Us ... on me , " he wrote . "  I will always love you Brian , as the brother you were ... on and off screen . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Walker 's charity will get part of proceeds from "  Fast & Furious 6 's " home entertainment sales The actor died while supporting his organization , Reach Out Worldwide The family has asked that others donate to the charity in lieu of flowers
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- Pop singer Britney Spears must submit to random drug tests , a judge has ordered after finding she engaged in "  habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . " Kevin Federline and Britney Spears are in the middle of a bitter custody battle over their two sons . The ruling by Superior Court Commissioner Scott Gordon provided no details and did not name any specific drugs , stating only that the findings were "  based on the evidence presented . " Spears must also spend eight hours a week working with a parenting coach who will observe her interactions with her children , according to the ruling released Tuesday . Efforts to contact the singer 's lawyers , Marci Levine and Mel Goldman , were unsuccessful late Tuesday . The ruling comes during Spears ' custody battle with ex-husband Kevin Federline . The documents underscore the bitter nature of the fight over their two sons , Sean Preston and Jayden . The two have split custody equally , but Federline is asking for the arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor . After a closed hearing Monday , Gordon ordered Spears , 25 , to undergo random drug tests twice a week . He told both parents to avoid alcohol or "  other non-prescription controlled substances " 12 hours before taking custody of the children . He also barred the exes from making "  derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party 's family or significant other " during the case , ordered them to go through "  joint co-parenting counseling " and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys . Spears and Federline were married for two years before their divorce was finalized in July . Federline 's attorney , Mark Vincent Kaplan , told reporters on Monday he did n't see the custody battle being resolved before scheduled hearings in November and December . Tuesday 's order comes amid a career freefall for Spears , who has a new album due in stores November 13 . Critics said her September 9 "  comeback " performance on the MTV Video Music Awards was lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined , two-piece costume . Her former divorce lawyer , Laura Wasser , resigned as her legal representative in the past few days after defending her outside the courthouse on Friday , telling reporters the singer "  just wants to be a mom . " And Spears ' management company , the Firm , has quit after representing the singer for a little more than a month . "  It saddens us to confirm media reports that we have terminated our professional relationship with Britney Spears , " the company announced Monday . "  We believe Britney is enormously talented and has made a terrific record , but current circumstances have prevented us from properly doing our job . We wish Britney the best . " E-mail to a friend	Britney Spears must submit to random drug tests twice a week , judge orders Spears is in bitter custody battle with ex-husband , Kevin Federline Pop singer has a new album due out in November Spears , Federline were married for two years ; divorce was finalized in July
Pierre Korkie , the South African man who was killed during a U.S. Special Operations Forces raid in Yemen on Friday , was a "  respected teacher " who served the poor , according to videos made by his widow before his death . In the videos , posted by the nongovernmental organization Gift of the Givers , Yolande Korkie pleaded for the release of her husband . He was an "  innocent man , a respected teacher , " she said in one . Gift of the Givers said it had negotiated Pierre Korkie 's release and he was to be set free on Sunday . "  Three days ago we told her ` Pierre will be home for Christmas . ' We certainly did not mean it in the manner it has unfolded , " the group said in a statement posted to its website . Korkie and American photojournalist Luke Somers were fatally shot in an al Qaeda compound by a terrorist as a secret mission to rescue the hostages unfolded , a U.S. official told CNN . Pierre and Yolande Korkie were kidnapped in Taiz province in May of last year while on their way back to South Africa for the funeral of Pierre Korkie 's father . AQAP freed Yolande Korkie in January after negotiations with Gift of the Givers , the group said on its site . Yolande Korkie had not heard from her husband since her release and their two children had n't listened to his voice in the past 18 months . The official SAPA news agency reported in January that Pierre and Yolande Korkie had been married for 20 years . While Pierre taught in Yemen , Yolande worked in hospitals doing relief work . The couple had lived in Yemen for four years , SAPA said .	AID organization posted videos from his wife prior to his death Yolande Korkie said her husband was a "  respected teacher " South African media reported the couple had worked in Yemen for four years They were kidnapped in 2013 ; she was freed in January
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Angry mobs upset over the handling of militant group Boko Haram on Thursday pelted the motorcade of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan . The protesters hurled stones at the convoy as it left the palace of a traditional chief in Jalingo , the capital of the northeastern state of Taraba , where Jonathan had gone on a courtesy call before holding a rally as part of his re-election campaign . Nigerians will vote for their next president February 14 . Several vehicles were damaged in the attack , according to witnesses . "  As soon the convoy left the palace of the emir of Muri , the crowd threw stones and broke the windscreens of several vehicles and dented others , " said Jalingo resident Clement Moses . The crowd , made up mostly of young men , was angry at the heavy military and police presence deployed for the presidential visit . Armed soldiers and policemen blanketed the city and forced businesses to close . "  People were angry with the huge military deployment for the president , while Boko Haram continue  s  to run over towns and villages in neighboring Borno , Adamawa and Yobe states , " said Bala Jika , another resident . "  They kept shouting that soldiers should deploy to Sambisa forest in Borno state and fight Boko Haram instead of coming to the city and harassing the people already traumatized by Boko Haram , " Jika said . Policemen fired tear gas to disperse the crowds . There were no immediate reports of injuries or arrests . Jonathan has come under heavy criticism at home and abroad over his response to Boko Haram . The group has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . It has sacked dozens of villages close to the border with Cameroon this month , slaughtering residents and abducting others . Thursday was not the first time the president 's convoy was attacked . On January 20 , his motorcade was stoned in the northern city of Katsina , where he was campaigning . Jonathan faces a formidable challenge from a opposition alliance . What is Boko Haram ?	President Goodluck Jonathan is up for re-election next month He has fallen under harsh criticism over his response to Islamist militants
CNN  -- Bringing a growing health concern to Congress , scientists squared off Thursday over whether cell phones contribute to brain cancer . Rep. Denis Kucinich of Ohio holds a model of a 5-year-old child 's brain absorbing cell phone radiation . Studies have indicated that long-term cell phone use may be associated with brain cancer , according to Dr. Ronald Herberman , director of the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , and Dr. David Carpenter , director of Institute for Health and the Environment at University of Albany . They both testified in front of the House Subcommittee on Domestic Policy . "  I can not tell this committee that cell phones are definitely dangerous . But , I certainly can not tell you that they are safe , " Herberman said . Herberman and Carpenter cited the results from a study recently presented by Dr. Lennart Hardell of Örebro University in Sweden . The results indicated that people who use cell phones have double the chance of developing malignant brain tumors and acoustic neuromas , which are tumors on the hearing nerve . The study also said people under age 20 were more than five times as likely to develop brain cancer . But Dr. Robert Hoover , director or Epidemiology and Biostatistics Program at the National Cancer Institute , said the study has not yet appeared in a peer-reviewed journal , so has not come under sufficient scrutiny . The evidence for the connection between cell phones and cancer is inconclusive and more research is needed , he said . "  Larger studies are needed to sort out chance and bias , " Hoover testified . Interphone , a series of multinational studies on the risk of cancer from cell phones , has not found an increase in tumors associated with the first 10 years of mobile phone use , he said . Some findings show an increased risk of tumors diagnosed on the side of the head that the cell phone is pressed against , but this pattern has not been seen consistently , Hoover said . CTIA , the International Association for Wireless Telecommunications , declined the invitation to testify , Rep. Dennis Kucinich , a former Democratic presidential candidate from Ohio , who led the hearing , said . Steve Largent , CEO of CTIA , issued a statement Wednesday saying the industry has supported scientific research on these issues and supports the Federal Communications Commision 's safety guidelines . "  The available scientific evidence and expert reviews from leading global health organizations such as the American Cancer Society , National Cancer Institute , United States Food and Drug Administration and the World Health Organization reflect a consensus based on published scientific research showing that there is no reason for concern , " Largent 's statement said . The overall evidence for the cancer-phone link has not been statistically significant at a 95 percent confidence level , a standard in science , Carpenter said . But he also noted that U.S.-funded research is very scarce . "  Are we at the same place we were with smoking and lung cancer 30 years ago ? " he asked . Carpenter and Herberman testified that the risk of brain cancer for children is far greater than for adults . Herberman demonstrated a model showing that the radiation from cell phones would penetrate far deeper into a 5-year-old 's brain than an adult 's . See models from researchers at the University of Pittsburgh " But the incidence of brain cancer in children has not increased significantly from the late 1980s to 2005 , Hoover said . The Federal Communications Commission limits cell phone radio frequency energy emissions , called the specific absorption rate  SAR  , at 1.6 watts per kilogram , as measured over one gram of tissue . The standard was developed in 1997 in consultation with Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers , a professional association open to everyone , including manufacturers and health specialists . But the SAR standard reflects a biological response to cell phone radio frequency energy heating tissue , Kucinich said . Many experiments show that radio frequency energy does cause "  biological effects " without heating tissue , although not all of those effects are harmful , Carpenter said . Hoover agreed that there could be such effects related to cancer risk , but they have not been properly vetted in a laboratory . The FCC itself does not have the expertise to evaluate whether this standard is appropriate protection for possible heath risks , Julius Knapp , director of the FCC 's Office of Engineering and Technology , testified . The hearing took place just a week after the Cleveland Clinic reported a study showing that keeping a cell phone on talk mode in a pocket can decrease sperm quality . Herberman had issued a warning to physicians , scientists , and staff at the University of Pittsburgh in July advising them to limit cell phone use because of the possible risk of cancer . The Israeli Health Ministry endorsed this recommendation within a week , he said . Ellen Marks of Lafayette , California , whose husband found out he had a brain tumor on his right frontal lobe in May , attended the hearing . The tumor is on the same side of his head where he held his cell phone , which he used about 30 hours per month . She believes the tumor is the result of cell phone use . "  I often threatened to throw it in the garbage , and how I wish I had , " she said . "  This horror could have been avoided with a simple warning . "	Studies conflict ; do not consistently show cell phones cause cancer , expert says Expert says he can not say they are definitely dangerous or definitely safe Children are at higher risk for cancer-causing radiation from phone , scientist says Woman at House panel hearing says her husband 's brain cancer from cell phone
Bujumbura , Burundi  CNN  -- They 're lonely and hungry , condemned to a life of daily hardship with little to hope for . Deprived of food , wearing old clothes , countless homeless children are living on the dusty streets of Bujumbura , the lakeside capital of Burundi , victims of a bloody civil war that wreaked havoc on the tiny east central African country . Scared and neglected , the children 's lives are fraught with great danger ; some of them suffer from abuse while others resort to a life of crime to survive , earning the name "  kirobezo , " which means bad child . But not everyone sees them like that . One woman is responding to these young children not with anger but with love -- and a whole lot of food . Affectionately known as "  Mama Dimanche , " which means "  Mama Sunday , " Burundian radio presenter and longtime children 's advocate Christine Ntahe has made it her duty to feed as many homeless street kids as possible . Every single week , she opens her house on Sundays , providing free meals to Bujumbura 's vulnerable youngsters . "  Street children do not get enough to eat , they can spend two days without eating , " says Ntahe . "  They do n't have clothes and mostly they are not loved -- they are hopeless that 's why we find them joining armed groups , " she continues . "  They can steal , they can rob , they can kill , " she says . "  They can do any bad thing , living that kind of life , I hate it . That 's why I invite them every Sunday -- so that we can share food and have a time to discuss . " Read this : War orphans turn tragedy into triumph No child is turned away . Instead , everyone is made to feel welcome . Before the meal , one teenager says a prayer for the group and then Ntahe hands out large bowls full of flavorful beans and rice . She pays out of her own pocket and , at one point , she even went into debt in order to feed and provide for these children . Civil war Burundi is one of the smallest countries in Africa and one of the poorest in the world . It gained independence from Belgium in 1962 , but after years of tension and coups it descended into a vicious civil war that lasted from 1993 to 2005 . The armed conflict left hundreds of thousands dead and many more displaced . Everyone in the country suffered in some way because of the war , but especially children . Half of Burundi 's population is under the age of 18 , while an estimated half a million children were orphaned by the civil war and HIV/AIDS , with many of them living on the streets . Read this : From the streets to break beats Nearly 60 % of Burundi 's children under five suffer from malnutrition , a primary factor behind their desperation and move toward crime , according to Ntahe . "  I have children who are in prison because they have stolen and they do it to get something to eat , " she says . "  That 's why I do my best to protect them so that they do n't end up in prison or in armed groups -- they go because they are without hope . " Giving children a voice Ntahe , 58 , has been an outspoken advocate for Burundi 's children for several decades now . Back in the late 1970s she began working at the only radio station in the country . After realizing how conflict was pushing children into violent crime , she decided to give them a voice by creating a show about young people and possibly convince them of a better life . During the war , when thousands of people were displaced to refugee camps in neighboring countries , Ntahe used her radio program "  Parlons Avec Les Enfants " -- or "  Speaking With Children " -- to comfort those fleeing to Rwanda , Tanzania and DR Congo . Today she still invites a selection of homeless children to join her on her program and discuss anything they want . The more fortunate ones speak about the importance of an education , children 's rights and mutual support for one another . Kids can even call in and ask anything they want . Amongst those participating are Ntahe 's success stories -- young people like Adrian , a 17-year-old boy who is doing his best in high school , for which Ntahe is paying . "  There are many good stories , " says Ntahe . "  There are many children who have succeeded ; there is a story of one child whose job was to steal -- he was caught and put into prison but now he 's an artist , a singer ; there is another one who now is taking care of other street children -- he has an education center ; there is another one who is now in Canada ; another one is in South Africa . There are many stories that make me happy . " It 's because of all this work that the U.S. embassy in Bujambura decided in March to honor Ntahe by naming her the 2013 "  Woman of Courage " for exemplifying strength and leadership . "  She is a generous , warm person who has committed her life to the betterment of children without asking for anything in return , " U.S. ambassador Dawn Liberi said at the time . Since the award some small donations have started rolling in , but Ntahe says she 's not worried about finances . "  The riches I have are in my heart , " she says . "  You can have a lot of  material  things , but not help anyone -- the best riches are in the heart . " Ntahe says what motivates her are the children who 've grown up , avoided violence and improved their lives . "  I say that the young people are the Burundi for tomorrow , but tomorrow is impossible if we do n't live well today , " she says . "  Tomorrow starts today , that 's why we hug the children so that they can feel loved and never go back to do bad things . So Burundi has a good future , surely . "	"  Mama Dimanche " is committed to helping homeless street children She runs a weekly food program and hosts a radio show giving children a voice Ntahe was named the 2013 "  Woman of Courage " award by the U.S. embassy in Burundi
CNN  -- Two tech companies are offering a free tool to defeat sophisticated malicious software that criminals have used to extract millions of dollars in ransom payments from small businesses and other computer owners . The software from FireEye and Fox IT can help victims decrypt files that were locked by the malware Cryptolocker . The scheme typically worked this way : Victims would click a seemingly legitimate email , which automatically downloaded the malware on their computers . Upon infection , victims would lose access to their files and criminals would demand payment in order to regain access . The Justice Department announced in June it had taken down the Cryptolocker malware . The malware remains defunct , but there are many victims whose files were locked by criminals and remain held hostage . Since emerging in 2013 , Cryptolocker has been used to attack about 200,000 computers , half of which were in the United States . In its first two months , criminals extorted an estimated $ 27 million from victims . David Hickton , the U.S. attorney in Pittsburgh whose office led the investigation , said in June that Cryptolocker victims included the police department in Swansea , Massachusetts . It paid a ransom to cyber criminals to restore access to its files after its systems were infected . More than 90 people nabbed in global hacker crackdown Security firm traces Target malware to Russia Malware attack hits thousands of Yahoo users per hour	Companies offer free tool to defeat malicious software used by criminals They have extracted millions of dollars in ransom from small businesses So-called Cryptolocker has been used to attack about 200,000 computers
Xenia , Ohio  CNN  -- Karen Shirk has spent 15 years matching people with service dogs that can help them with their special needs and disabilities . With the help of her staff , she puts a lot of thought into the process to make sure each person has the right dog for them . But one recent story -- involving an Afghanistan war veteran and a German shepherd named Gabriel -- has her convinced that larger forces are sometimes at work . It began in March , when Shirk got an e-mail from U.S. Army Sgt. Derek McConnell . McConnell had lost both his legs in an IED explosion , and he was desperate for a service dog while he recovered at Walter Reed Medical Center in Washington . Shirk knew Gabriel , a dog they were training at the time , would be perfect for him . "  I sent him a picture of Gabriel and said , ` How would you like this dog ? ' " Shirk said . "  He was so excited . ... He would text me every day . " She understood that McConnell was eager for the companionship of a service dog and the independence that it could provide . "  Soldiers , they 're not wanting people to do things for them , " said Shirk , who was honored as a CNN Hero for her work with autistic and special-needs children . "  If you have to ask  someone  all the time to pick things up that you drop or ` Bring me my wheelchair , ' they have to depend on somebody else . ... Giving them a service dog is giving them back a means of doing it themselves . " Shirk and McConnell grew to be friends , and she was struck by his generosity . Although Shirk was going to give him his dog for free , she asks civilians to contribute to help offset their dog 's training costs . So McConnell had started planning ways to help raise money . Then , one day , Shirk did n't hear from him . "  I went to his Facebook page , and this first post that I saw said , ` You were the most wonderful young man , ' " she said . "  And I 'm like , "  Were ? ' " Shirk was devastated to learn that McConnell had passed away from complications related to his injuries the previous night . But she soon decided that the best way she could honor him was to place Gabriel with another disabled soldier . She reached out to someone she knew in the military and asked for help . "  I said , ` Find me another Derek ! ' " she recalled . Within days , Lisa Murphy heard about the dog at the Yellow Ribbon Fund , a Maryland-based charity that helps injured service members recover . "  Someone basically made her aware that this group was looking for a soldier amputee to connect with a service dog , " said Lisa 's husband , U.S. Army Capt. Jake Murphy . "  I was looking for a dog myself , so Lisa kind of jumped on it . " Murphy , like McConnell , had lost both his legs in Afghanistan . But Shirk soon discovered that they had much more in common . She found out they had served in the same unit and been injured on the same day . In fact , McConnell had actually helped with Murphy 's medical evacuation , just hours before suffering his own injuries . Both had also recovered at Walter Reed and become friendly during therapy together . Shirk was floored by the coincidence , as she had gotten in touch with both men through completely separate channels . "  It 's like a once-in-a-lifetime story that you hear , " she said . "  I just think it was meant to be . " Murphy recognizes that it 's an unusual coincidence , but he does n't think of it in quite the same way . "  If it was fate , then Derek was meant to die , so I do n't really like to think of that , " he said . "  But if Derek ca n't be here , it 's almost fitting that I get Gabriel as my service dog . "  There 's a connection between him and myself . ... Derek will always be in my thoughts . " Shirk said the episode has renewed her desire to work with veterans . "  Derek and Jake lost their independence , giving independence to others . ... Those veterans , that was who I wanted to help , " she said . "  I 'm hoping more of these wounded soldiers will come to us looking for dogs . "  We are ready . They can all come , and we will help them . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes	Karen Shirk , a 2008 CNN Hero , finds service dogs for people in need She had a dog ready for disabled war veteran Derek McConnell , but he died in March The dog ended up with another veteran , Jake Murphy Unbeknownst to Shirk , the two veterans knew each other and served together
In two operations nearly 3,000 miles apart , U.S. military forces went after two high-value targets over the weekend . And while officials have yet to say whether the operations were coordinated or directly related , they show Washington 's reach , capability and willingness to pursue alleged terrorists . One operation took place Saturday in the Libyan capital of Tripoli , when U.S. forces captured Abu Anas al Libi , an al Qaeda leader wanted for his role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa . As al Libi was leaving his house for morning prayers , a group of 10 masked men surprised him , a source close to Libyan intelligence said . Citing al Libi 's wife , the source said the al Qaeda leader tried to reach into his car to grab his gun -- but the U.S. forces quickly snatched him . In the second raid , a team of U.S. Navy SEALs in southern Somalia targeted the top leader of Al-Shabaab , which was behind last month 's mall attack in Kenya . The SEALs came under fire and had to withdraw before they could confirm whether they killed their target , a senior U.S. official said . "  One could have gone without the other , " said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , CNN 's military analyst . "  But the fact that they did them both , I think , is a real signal that the United States -- no matter how long it takes -- will go after these targets . " The operations were carried out even as polls show Americans are skittish about U.S. military involvement in overseas conflicts . This means , Francona said , that others who might be in the U.S. government 's cross hairs could have more reason to worry . Speaking to reporters at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Bali , Indonesia , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the raids ought to make clear that the United States "  will never stop in its effort to hold those accountable who conduct acts of terror . " "  Those members of al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations literally can run , " he said , "  but they ca n't hide . " Al Libi tied to U.S. embassy bombings Al Libi , 49 , has been high on the radar for years . He was on the FBI 's "  Most Wanted Terrorists " list , with a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest or conviction . He is alleged to have played a key role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of American embassies in Nairobi , Kenya ; and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . More than 200 people were killed and another 5,000 wounded in the Kenya attack ; 11 died in the Tanzania incident . Al Libi has been indicted on charges of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , murder , destruction of American buildings and government property , and destruction of national defense utilities of the United States . As early as December 2010 , Libyan authorities told a United Nations committee that al Libi was living there , even providing a Tripoli address for him . U.S. officials wanted al Libi to face trial in an American court . But , counterterrorism analysts told CNN , he may not have been apprehended because of the delicate security situation in much of Libya . There , ex-jihadists -- especially those who once belonged to the Libyan Islamic Fighters Group -- held considerable sway since the ouster of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . The Saturday operation was conducted with the knowledge of the Libyan government , said one U.S. official . The Pentagon said the U.S. military was holding him in a "  secure location " outside Libya . "  It 's a huge deal to get him , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson , who has long been covering al Qaeda . "  He 's a big player in al Qaeda  and  he is in one of the key target areas , the north of Africa . " Beyond any psychological impact on the terrorist group , al Libi 's capture could potentially yield a wealth of information about al Qaeda 's plans and capabilities . The terrorist network has shown particular strength of late in Africa . "  Clearly , he may have useful information about the strength of al Qaeda and the Islamists in Libya , " Robertson said . "  He is somebody who is senior within al Qaeda . He was well respected , a good operative . " Al-Shabaab blamed for Kenya mall attack Al-Shabaab long has been a target of Washington as well : It was designated a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 . The group is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries as well . The attack on Nairobi 's Westgate Mall on September 21 thrust Al-Shabaab into the spotlight once again . Washington vowed to support Kenya 's government after the bloody raid , which killed at least 67 people . The Al-Shabaab raid took place before dawn Saturday  late Friday night ET  in the southern Somalian port city of Barawe . The Pentagon would only say the operation was against a "  known Al-Shabaab terrorist . " But town residents told CNN the "  foreign forces " came via speed boat and stormed a house believed to be a hideout for several top militant commanders , including the group 's top leader Ahmed abdi Godane , also known as Moktar Ali Zubeyr . A senior U.S. official said the Navy SEALs inflicted some Al-Shabaab casualties , and came under fire . They made the "  prudent decision " to withdraw , and could n't confirm whether they killed their target , the official said . Abdiaziz Abu Musab , an Al-Shabaab spokesman , said at least one Al-Shabaab fighter was killed in the gunfight . But no U.S. personnel were injured or killed , a U.S. official said . In recent months , Al-Shabaab 's haven in south-central Somalia has been been increasingly squeezed as Kenyan forces fight the group from the south and African Union forces come down from Mogadishu . At the same time , Al-Shabaab has become even more closely aligned with al Qaeda . The two groups effectively merged last year , said CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  This is a group that has adopted al Qaeda 's ideology wholesale , " Bergen said . "  The reason they attacked the mall was not only because it was Kenyan , but also because it attracted a fair number of Western businessmen and others living in Nairobi . " ` Most Wanted Terrorist ' al Libi nabbed in native Libya after years tied to al Qaeda U.S. officials : Navy SEALs launch raid on Al-Shabaab leader	Al Libi is captured when he leaves his house for morning prayers Al Libi is accused in the 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa Terrorists can run "  but they ca n't hide , " Kerry says It 's not known whether U.S. forces killed an Al-Shabaab leader in Somalia
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sonia Sotomayor strongly asserted her adherence to the law while dodging questions about her personal beliefs on the third day of her Supreme Court confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee . Sonia Sotomayor answers questions from senators on Wednesday , the third day of her confirmation hearings . Asked repeatedly Wednesday by Republicans about her controversial statement that a "  wise Latina " could reach a better decision than a white man , Sotomayor called it a poorly expressed but valid point about the value of differing perspectives in applying the law . Senators from both parties pressed her on her personal views on issues such as abortion , gun control and executive powers . But Sotomayor consistently answered she needed to know the specifics of a particular case , such as applicable state statutes and other facts . Sensing frustration over her responses , the federal appellate judge offered an explanation about how judges approach the law . "  What we do is different than the conversations citizens have about what they want the law to do , " Sotomayor said Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , who sought her views on the legality of some kinds of abortions and whether there was a fundamental right to possess firearms and self-defense . Judges look at the facts of a case and apply the law based on those facts , she said . "  It 's not that we make a broad policy choice and say this is what we want , " Sotomayor continued . Watch Face Off : Should Sotomayor be confirmed ? " Her performance rankled Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter , the former Republican committee chairman who changed parties last April . Specter repeatedly cut off Sotomayor 's responses Wednesday , saying she was not answering his questions . Later , in praising Sotomayor 's record as a judge , Specter said : "  I 'm not commenting about your answers , but your record is exemplary . " "  You 'll be judged on your record more than your answers , " he said . If approved by the committee and confirmed by the full Senate , the 55-year-old Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic Supreme Court justice , the third female justice and the 111th person to sit on the nation 's highest court . Watch Sotomayor being questioned " Her dispassionate answers on a range of issues displayed a command of legal concepts that impressed even her harshest interrogators . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , appeared to rule out a filibuster attempt against the nomination by his minority party , telling Sotomayor that "  you will get that up-or-down vote on the Senate floor . " Watch Cornyn quiz Sotomayor on abortion " Democrats predicted she would be confirmed with support from members of both parties . Cornyn and other Republicans raised the "  wise Latina " statement for a second straight day , asking whether it meant she had a gender , ethnic or racial bias . Sotomayor said the remark she made in several speeches was never intended to mean that one gender , ethnic or racial group was better than another . "  It is clear from the attention that my words have gotten and the manner in which it has been understood by some people that my words failed , " Sotomayor said . "  They did n't work . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the Sotomayor hearings However , she defended the point she was trying to make , and said other Supreme Court justices including Sandra Day O'Connor and Samuel Alito had expressed similar thoughts . "  The message that the entire speech attempted to deliver , however , remains the message that I think Justice O'Connor meant , the message that higher nominees , including Justice Alito , meant when he said that he considers his Italian ancestry when deciding discrimination cases , " said Sotomayor . See how Sotomayor compares with justices on the court " O'Connor , the first woman Supreme Court justice , had said she believed a wise female judge and a wise male judge could reach the same conclusion . "  I do n't think Justice O'Connor meant that personal experiences compel results in any way , " Sotomayor said . "  I think life experiences generally , whether it 's that I 'm a Latina or was a state prosecutor or have been a commercial litigator or been a trial judge and an appellate judge , that the mixture of all of those things , the amalgam of them help me to listen and understand . " She repeated her statement from Tuesday that poor wording caused misunderstanding of what she meant to say , explaining that judges "  rely on the law to command the results in the case . " "  So when one talks about life experiences , and even in the context of my speech , my message was different than I understand my words have been understood by some , " Sotomayor continued . Cornyn pressed Sotomayor if she stood by her words from Tuesday 's testimony that her "  wise Latina " statement was a failed rhetorical flourish using "  words that do n't make sense and that they 're a bad idea ? " "  I stand by the words . It fell flat , " Sotomayor responded . "  And I understand that some people have understood them in a way that I never intended . And I would hope that , in the text of the speech , that they would be understood . " In one of Wednesday 's few sharp exchanges , Sotomayor rejected Alabama Sen. Jeff Session 's contention that she had pre-judged the issue of gun control . Learn more about Sotomayor 's past rulings " Sessions , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , asked whether she would recuse herself from gun control cases because she ruled in the past that the right to bear arms under the Second Amendment does not apply to state gun control laws . "  I have not made up my mind . I did n't say that I did n't believe it was fundamental , " Sotomayor shot back . She explained that the word "  fundamental " in legal terms refers to whether a federal statute applies to the states . The ruling cited by Sessions referred to a prior case that made the determination , Sotomayor said , so she was following the precedent . Sotomayor previously said she recognizes an individual right to bear arms as recently identified by the Supreme Court in the ruling District of Columbia v. Heller . Also Wednesday , Sotomayor told how an episode of the television show "  Perry Mason " influenced her to become a prosecutor . She cited an episode in which Perry Mason , after winning yet another case , consoles beleaguered prosecutor Hamilton Burger by noting it must be hard to expend such effort only to have charges dismissed . "  No , my job as a prosecutor is to do justice , and justice is served when a guilty man is convicted and an innocent man is not , " she quoted the prosecutor as saying . "  That TV character said something that motivated my choices in life , " Sotomayor said .	NEW : Sotomayor asserts adherence to law , dodges questions about personal views GOP senator calls Sonia Sotomayor 's answers "  muddled , confusing " Supreme Court nominee says "  wise Latina " remark did n't mean one group is better Sotomayor questioned by senators on third day of confirmation hearings
CNN  -- Steven Spielberg and Ridley Scott . John Goodman and Kevin Spacey . "  Doonesbury " cartoonist Garry Trudeau and "  Robot Chicken " creator Seth Green . It 's a diverse list of entertainers with a pile of Oscars , Emmys and Pulitzer Prizes between them , not to mention dozens of big-screen blockbusters and enduring fan favorites . But they , and a growing list of others , have something new in common . All are part of projects being developed and released by tech companies known more for making products that deliver entertainment than producing the entertainment themselves . Microsoft is the most recent tech titan to confirm such plans . This week , the computing giant unveiled Xbox Originals , a dozen original television series , from documentaries to sci-fi epics , that will be available exclusively on its gaming consoles and other Microsoft devices . Leading the charge are Spielberg and Scott , who are involved in two separate series based on the massively popular "  Halo " video-game franchise . Others in the lineup , which will begin rolling out in June , include a sci-fi drama , "  Humans , " and "  Signal To Noise , " a documentary series that "  will expose little-known stories of how modern technology has radically altered the way we interact with our world . " "  Microsoft has a long and rich legacy in the content business , " said Jordan Levin , executive vice president of Xbox Entertainment Studios . "  Games have been part of our DNA for at least the last 15 years , and creating original TV content is a logical next step in our evolution . " The announcement is just the latest in a series of similar moves . If , as Microsoft 's own Bill Gates once said , content is king , an increasing number of digital-age companies no longer satisfied playing middleman are making their claims for the throne . Netflix led the charge two years ago , and has Emmy Awards to show for it . Two shows for the digital streaming service , "  Lilyhammer " and "  The Ropes , " debuted in 2012 . But it was "  House of Cards , " which brought home two Emmys last year , that cemented Netflix as a serious source of original material . Newer hits like "  Orange is the New Black " and a revived "  Arrested Development " have shown its success to be no fluke . Last year , Amazon began producing original content for its Prime streaming service , most notably "  Alpha House , " a political comedy created by Trudeau and starring Goodman . And on Monday , Yahoo announced it will be bringing its own long-form shows to our multitude of screens next year , starting with a pair of comedies . Sure , we all want to be in show business . But what 's behind Silicon Valley 's sudden rush to the studio ? Do n't be shocked , but experts say it 's to make more money . "  The reasons they all want to do it today are the same reasons we predicted Netflix would do it back in 2010 and 2011 -- because when you have something no one else has , you can charge more money for it , " said James McQuivey , a tech analyst with Forrester Research . "  Whether you charge people for the content itself or whether you charge them for the game console , tablet , or app that it 's a part of , original content is one of the only legal ways to achieve monopoly power and all the benefits that come with it . Eminem knows this , J.J. Abrams knows this , and now Microsoft knows it , too . " McQuivey noted that entertainment platforms like Netflix and Hulu -- which is launching its own variety show with comedian Sarah Silverman -- often find themselves at odds with content providers over who earns how much of their revenues . Making themselves over into one-stop-shops whenever possible eliminates that problem , he said . And it does n't mean having to build their own sound stages , either . "  Many of the production companies that supply content to the broadcast networks and movie studios would be thrilled to have the chance to develop content for a faster , nimbler , more direct distributor of content , " the prescient analyst wrote in 2012 . For a company like Amazon , the benefits could be twofold . Its original content is available to members who have paid $ 99 for an annual Prime membership . In theory , someone who joins to watch a show will then be more likely to use free shipping and other benefits as well , thus pumping more cash into Amazon 's coffers . Of all the current players , Microsoft may be uniquely suited to this new game . "  If you 're Microsoft , the place you start is with a monopoly you already hold , " McQuivey said . " ` Halo ' is the best example , and if Microsoft did n't try to turn it into video gold , it would prove that Microsoft is not paying attention . " Since launching in 2001 , "  Halo " games have sold more than 50 million copies . The military science-fiction game , which focuses on an interstellar conflict between humans and an alliance of alien races bent on their destruction , is now owned by Microsoft Studios and available exclusively for the Xbox gaming consoles . Does that make the title a slam dunk , particularly when names like Spielberg and Scott are mixed in ? Not necessarily , McQuivey said . "  Knowing you have a hot property and turning it into a hit are two very different things , " he said . "  There is no guarantee that one leads naturally to the other and in fact , many people have failed with even more obvious opportunities in the history of the entertainment business . "  See Matthew Broderick 's ` Godzilla , ' any G.I. Joe movie , and the last two Superman movies if you need further evidence . "	Microsoft announces Xbox Originals , a slate of original TV series The move is part of a tech trend toward producing original streaming content Yahoo also announces two comedy series this week Netflix led the way with shows like Emmy-winning "  House of Cards "
Washington  CNN  The Supreme Court jumped into the same-sex marriage debate again , deciding Friday to hear arguments this spring on the question of whether states have the right to ban same-sex couples from getting married . It 's expected to hammer out a decision on one of the most controversial social issues by June when the 2016 presidential race will be well underway , forcing the debate into full view during what 's expected to be a crowded and diverse Republican primary . It 's not an issue that establishment Republicans are eager to drag into the spotlight . On the national level , the party is increasingly reluctant to focus on social issues , especially after the 2012 debacle over Todd Akin 's rape comments and as polling continues to show a majority of Americans support same-sex marriage . A recent CNN/ORC International survey indicates that 57 % of Americans think gays and lesbians have a constitutional right to get married . Off the table or on ? Some Republican strategists say quietly that a decision could bring some finality and take the issue off the table well before the election , while others say it could reignite the debate . "  I fear there could be a bigger fight within the GOP because of a Supreme Court decision than there would be without one , " said Vin Weber , a former congressman from Minnesota and an adviser to Mitt Romney 's 2012 campaign . "  I do n't want to see a fight over this issue , because I think it 's evolving on its own state by state . " He added : "  I would guess social conservatives would take up umbrage , make it a divisive issue , and force every Republican candidate to go on record saying what they really believe . " It 's a tough issue to talk about for Republicans , consultants say , because no matter what position they take , they 're going to get in trouble with one side of the party or the other . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who adamantly stood against same-sex marriage during his unsuccessful 1994 gubernatorial run , struck a conciliatory tone last week when Florida became the 36th state to legalize same-sex marriage . "  We live in a democracy , and regardless of our disagreements , we have to respect the rule of law , " Bush said in a statement , calling for "  respect for the good people on all sides of the gay and lesbian marriage issue . " Weber said that Bush 's statement likely reflects the position of a majority of Republican candidates and elected officials on the issue . "  They 're not quite ready to endorse gay marriage , but they really do n't want to crusade against it like they used to , " he said . "  They 're looking for ways to describe their position that do n't put them directly at odds with supporters of same-sex marriage . " ` Profound consequences ' Opponents of same-sex marriage , however , argue that anyone who thinks the fight will slowly die down is highly misguided . Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , said a Supreme Court decision that reverses same-sex marriage bans will be "  a frontal assault on the religious liberty of all Americans . " "  There are going to be profound consequences , " he said . "  If the Supreme Court rules , it will be just like Roe v. Wade all over again . " With the 2016 GOP field spanning a wide ideological spectrum , there 's a sizable crop of potential candidates who 've signaled that they 're ready for a fight . Sen. Ted Cruz spelled out a 10-point agenda for the new Republican Congress in a speech Monday that also read like a potential presidential platform . One of his themes was the need to "  rein in judicial activism , " pointing to federal court rulings on same-sex marriage . "  The Constitution makes clear marriage is a question for the states , " he said . "  It 's not a question for a bunch of unelected federal judges who may disagree with the democratic views of the people who live in the United States of America . " Mike Huckabee last fall threatened to leave the GOP if Republicans do n't take a stronger stand against a wave of acceptance . "  If the Republicans want to lose guys like me and a whole bunch of still God-fearing , Bible-believing people , go ahead and just abdicate on this issue , " he said . He seemed to soften his tone a little bit , writing in his newly released book that the idea that "  same-sex marriage is destroying society is actually greatly overstated , " adding that Christians who get divorced "  have as much to answer for as do those who militantly push to redefine marriage . " Still , while conservative candidates are more vocal about standing on principle , strategists say it 's not as likely that they 'll start a war over same-sex marriage in the face of issues involving the economy , terrorism , and health care -- especially when the tide has rolled in favor of same-sex marriage at such a rapid pace in the last couple of years . "  It 's not 2004 . Gay marriage is not going to determine the outcome of presidential election like it did in Ohio , " said GOP strategist Tara Setmayer , referring to the surge of Republicans who showed up to the polls to approve same-sex marriage bans in nearly a dozen states a decade ago . The turn-out helped tip the scales for George W. Bush 's re-election . "  The issue may come up in the primary , but I do n't think anyone wants this to be the hallmark of this campaign , " she said .	The Supreme Court decided Friday to hear same-sex marriage arguments this year That could lead to a major decision during the early 2016 presidential race Strategists say a decision could be welcome news to some Republicans , while others are ready to fight
CNN  -- Two Americans who spent months imprisoned in North Korea are back on U.S. soil , after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ordered their release . They were freed following a rare visit to the secretive East Asian nation by a top U.S. official , who brought with him a letter from U.S. President Barack Obama . A plane carrying Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller , the last two American citizens known to be held by North Korea , landed at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state late Saturday . The two men got off the U.S. government plane -- Bae first , then Miller -- and walked into the welcoming arms of smiling relatives who were waiting on the tarmac . "  I just want to say thank you all for supporting me and standing by me during this time , " Bae said in brief comments to the media at the base . He thanked Obama and the State Department for securing his release -- and he also had words of gratitude for the country that held him prisoner for two years . "  I 'd like to thank the DPRK North Korean government , as well -- allowing me to come home and be united with our family , " he said , using an abbreviation for North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Asked about concerns about his health during his imprisonment , Bae , 46 , said he was "  recovering . " He and Miller were released after James Clapper , U.S. director of national intelligence , went to Pyongyang as an envoy of Obama , a senior State Department official told CNN . Their release comes less than a month after North Korea freed Jeffrey Fowle , an Ohio man who spent five months in detention . North Korean authorities took Fowle into custody after he left a Bible at a club in the northern part of the country . Letter from Obama Clapper delivered a letter from Obama , addressed to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , describing Clapper as "  his personal envoy " to bring the Americans home , a senior administration official told CNN on Saturday . The letter was "  short and to the point , " the official said . Clapper did not meet with Kim . Clapper had no guarantee he would succeed in bringing the Americans home , a senior State Department official told CNN . The North Korean government issued a statement about the release , saying it received an "  earnest apology " from Obama for the men 's actions . It also said the two were "  sincerely repentant of their crimes and  were  behaving themselves while serving their terms . " According to the statement , the first chairman of North Korea 's National Defense Commission ordered the release . The title is one of several top positions that Kim holds in the North Koran hierarchy . Bae , a Christian missionary who ran a company specializing in tours of North Korea , was accused by Pyongyang of plotting to bring down the government through religious activities . He was detained in late 2012 , and in April 2013 was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor . On his return to America on Saturday , he thanked the "  thousands of people " he said had prayed for him . "  Thank you all for supporting me , lifting me up and not forgetting me , " said Bae , a resident of Lynwood , Washington . U.S. : No ` quid pro quo ' China assisted in the monthslong process of arranging the release , the State Department official said . Clapper 's visit came after North Korea contacted the U.S. government unexpectedly and urged the administration to send a Cabinet-level official to North Korea 's capital to discuss the detained Americans , according to two sources close to the matter . A U.S. official told CNN that Washington believes Pyongyang reached out to show it had the clout to get a Cabinet-level official to visit and because doing so would help solidify Kim 's power . The request came about two weeks ago , the official said . Clapper is not a member of Obama 's Cabinet , but he is the U.S. spy chief . He canceled an event in New York on Wednesday as the trip was being arranged , an Obama administration official said . He went to Pyongyang "  prepared to listen " on other issues , but his sole focus was to bring Bae and Miller home , according to the same official . An official in Clapper 's office said the talks did n't touch on North Korea 's controversial nuclear program . And other U.S. officials said there was no "  quid pro quo " for the men 's release . Obama expressed appreciation for Clapper 's efforts "  on what was obviously a challenging mission " and happiness that Bae and Miller would soon be home . "  It 's a wonderful day for them and their families , " the President said . ` Hard to believe this day is finally here ' Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , who has long campaigned for his release , said that it was "  hard to believe this day is finally here . " Although Bae is happy to be home , she said he had told her that his "  heart aches for the people of North Korea . " "  We know that there are many people in North Korea locked up like Kenneth was , and they remain apart from their families tonight , " she said as she stood beside her brother . "  Please do not forget them . " On Sunday , she spoke to reporters outside her church in Seattle , Washington . "  First and foremost we thank God , " she said . "  Kenneth has been in God 's care all this time , and we are thankful that he brought him home . " She said her brother is in good spirits and doing "  remarkably well . " He bears no ill will to the people of North Korea . "  He only has the best wishes and intentions for that country , still , " Chung said . Earlier , the family released a statement that read , in part : "  We have been waiting for and praying for this day for two years . This ordeal has been excruciating for the family , but we are filled with joy right now . " Miller family stays quiet There was no public comment from Miller 's family Saturday , and he did n't speak to reporters after he got off the plane in Washington state . His family , from Bakersfield , California , had shied away from the media throughout his detention . Miller , 25 , was taken into custody in April of this year , with North Korean authorities accusing him of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry . A North Korean court in September convicted him of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea and sentenced him to six years of hard labor . The country 's state-run media described him as "  rudely behaved , " saying he was sent to infiltrate a prison as part of a United States campaign against North Korea . Former North Korean captive and U.S. journalist Laura Ling said Sunday in a statement that she was "  overjoyed " to learn the two men had been released . "  I hope their release is a signal of a potential opening between our two countries and that despite our stark differences we may find a common humanity , " she said . ` He 's not a spy , ' Bae 's sister says after conviction CNN 's Will Ripley , Steve Almasy , Joe Sutton , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Kenneth Bae 's sister says her brother is in good spirits , bears no ill will Bae thanks Obama and the North Korean government for his release Plane carrying Bae and Matthew Todd Miller lands at a base in Washington state North Korea says it received apology from Obama for the men 's actions
CNN  -- In an unusual step , NASA scientists interrupted testing of the refurbished Hubble Space Telescope to aim the orbiter 's camera at Jupiter and capture an image of the planet 's mysterious new scar . The revamped Hubble telescope captured these images of an impact scar near Jupiter 's south pole . The resulting picture , taken Thursday , is the sharpest visible-light photo of the dark spot and Hubble 's first science observation since astronauts repaired and upgraded it in May , NASA said . Earth-based telescopes have been trained on Jupiter since an amateur astronomer in Australia noticed the new mark , probably created when a small comet or asteroid plunged into Jupiter 's atmosphere and disintegrated , early Monday . But in its rarified orbit 347 miles above the Earth , the Hubble has a better view of the gaseous planet . This week 's event marks only the second time scientists have recorded debris colliding with Jupiter , the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in our solar system . The appearance of the impact spot is changing day to day in the planet 's cloud tops , making it a priority for scientists to document it quickly . Although the Hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summer and its new camera is still being calibrated , NASA scientists decided the Jupiter event was too significant not to put the orbiting observatory back into action for a day . "  Because we believe this magnitude of impact is rare , we are very fortunate to see it with Hubble , " said Amy Simon-Miller of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . "  Details seen in the Hubble view shows a lumpiness to the debris plume caused by turbulence in Jupiter 's atmosphere . " Jupiter 's colorful atmosphere is 86 percent hydrogen and 14 percent helium , with tiny amounts of methane , ammonia , phosphine , water , acetylene , ethane , germanium and carbon monoxide . The chemicals are responsible for producing the different colors of Jupiter 's clouds . The object created a mark on Jupiter that has about same diameter as Earth , though the object itself was probably only 50 to 100 miles across , said Anthony Wesley , the astronomer who first noticed the scar . The mystery object was probably moving at speeds of about 50 to 100 kilometers  31 to 62 miles  per second when it struck near Jupiter 's south pole , Wesley said . The new image of Jupiter was taken with Hubble 's Wide Field Camera 3 , which was installed by the astronauts aboard space shuttle Atlantis in May . Because it is still being calibrated , the camera 's full power has yet to be seen , NASA said . The Hubble has been in orbit since 1990 and can capture images that telescopes on Earth ca n't , partly because it does n't have to gaze through the planet 's murky atmosphere . The unplanned Jupiter photo shoot will add delays to the recommissioning of Hubble , NASA said . But scientists are at a point in the telescope 's reboot where they have enough flexibility to employ Hubble to look at the unexpected astronomical event , they said .	Revamped Hubble telescope captured image of Jupiter 's mysterious new scar Scar was created when comet or asteroid plunged into Jupiter 's atmosphere Image was taken by Hubble 's new camera , which is still being calibrated Hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summer
CNN  -- Even when a drone 's small , turned off , unarmed and resting on a table in a coffee shop , it can make people uneasy . That discomfort could change in the next few years as the airborne gadgets become commonplace and more people buy personal drones . Startups are already popping up with different takes on design , uses and price . The latest aerial offering is the PlexiDrone by DreamQii , a midrange drone for photographers who do n't want to mess around with additional complicated technology . White and unremarkable-looking , the PlexiDrone is simple to put together -- just snap in the four propellers and two pieces of landing gear . It can hold a GoPro , the drone photographer 's camera of choice because of its light weight , or other lightweight cameras and camcorders . "  This is not designed to be a toy ; this is a tool for the average person to use , " said Klever Freire , founder of PlexiDrone , who showed off his creation last week in , yes , a coffee shop in Brooklyn . The consumer drone market is still wide open for newcomers due to a combination of tangled Federal Aviation Administration restrictions , high price tags , privacy concerns and a bad reputation . Airborne photography is the most popular consumer use for drones , and the Phantom line from DJI currently dominates that field . DreamQii wants to take on the slick white and red Phantom drones with a slightly less expensive design and some quirky features . The PlexiDrone 's landing gear can be pulled up in flight so that a camera is able to capture a true 360-degree view without obstructions . Pilots can control the device from a smartphone or tablet , pointing to any direction on a map to set a route . The apps can also control the camera position and track flight hours . When it 's not flying , the PlexiDrone is programmed to speak when turned on but not in the air . It spits out a mixture of warnings  such as your GPS is offline  , explanations and casual chitchat in a British accent or voice of your choosing . "  Sometimes it has a little bit of a dry wit and sometimes it has more of a sarcastic sense of humor , " Freire said . The FAA is slowly working on clearing commercial unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs , for use .  It 's expected to announce details by the end of this year .  Last week , the agency issued an exemption that will allow a handful of TV and movie companies to capture aerial footage with drones , but regular people are still on a short leash . So to help consumers stay out of trouble , the PlexiDrone is also programmed to obey the law . Amateur drone users ca n't go above 400 feet , and the devices ca n't be used for commercial purposes without express permission . PlexiDrone limits use of the device accordingly . Like many UAV entrepreneurs , Freire comes from an aerospace background . He worked for Bombardier Aerospace , the company that makes Learjets , for six years . DreamQii now has seven employees , mostly aerospace engineers and one biomedical engineer . At its 800-square-foot office in Toronto , the company prints out drone prototypes on industrial-grade 3-D printers and tests them in a 10-by-10-foot cage . On Wednesday , it kicked off an IndyGoGo campaign to get attention and funds for the first run of 1,000 drones . These early devices go for $ 480 to $ 1,200 and are scheduled to ship in early 2015 . Freire said the PlexiDrone will cost between $ 800 and $ 1,700 when it becomes more widely available after the first run . The PlexiDrone is meant primarily for photographers , but Freire said he hopes to find other uses . "  We 're working with a researcher who wants to create a metal detection halo . He wants to swarm these thing together to find landmines . " Google reveals secret drone delivery tests	The PlexiDrone is a new ready-to-fly tool for aerial photographers Software ensures the drones do n't break the law by adhering to FAA regulations Over the next few years , drones could become just another common consumer gadget
CNN  -- A man convicted of murdering three men who answered a Craigslist ad to work on an Ohio cattle farm was sentenced to death Thursday morning , Summit County Court Bailiff Brian Scheetz said . A judge in Summit County accepted a jury 's recommendation that Richard James Beasley should die for the crimes . Ralph Geiger , 56 , of Akron , Ohio ; David Pauley , 51 , of Norfolk , Virginia ; and Timothy Kern , 47 , of Massillon , Ohio , answered the ad and were killed in late 2011 . In March , a jury convicted Beasley on 26 counts of aggravated murder , kidnapping , aggravated robbery and unanimously recommended that he be sentenced to death . Would-be victim Scott Davis apparently was in Beasley 's cross hairs , too . After answering the online ad for work on a 688-acre property in eastern Ohio , the South Carolinian in November 2011 told a deputy sheriff how he 'd met with two males , and then drove toward Stock Township . Told a road was closed due to a landslide , Davis got out of the car and started walking through a heavily wooded area toward what he was informed was where he 'd be working . He turned around "  to see a gun pointed at his head , " Noble County Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum later explained . Shot in the arm , Davis ran and hid in the forest for seven hours . Eventually , he got the nerve to go to a house and ask for help . After he told his story , authorities began to connect his case with those of other missing men . One of them was Kern , killed one week after Davis ' escape . Authorities have said that one of Beasley 's motives was to steal from his victims . CNN 's Tom Laabs and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Judge accepts jury 's recommendation of death for James Beasley Beasley is convicted of murdering three men who answered Craigslist ads In March , a jury convicted Beasley on murder , kidnapping and robbery charges
CNN  -- President Obama and former Vice President Dick Cheney offered competing views on how to keep America safe in back-to-back speeches Thursday . President Obama says he is trying to clean up "  a mess " left behind by the Bush administration . Obama said his administration is trying to clean up "  a mess " left behind by the Bush administration . He defended his plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba , his ban on torture , the release of Bush-era interrogation memos and his objection to the release of prisoner photos . Cheney stood up for the Bush administration 's security record , arguing that Obama has weakened the country 's ability to combat al Qaeda and other extremists . He defended the use of enhanced interrogation techniques as a success that changed thousands of lives . He called the release of the Bush-era memos a reckless distraction and belittled Obama 's decision to close Guantanamo "  with little deliberation and no plan . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's spokesman wrote off Cheney 's address as something more beneficial to Democrats than Republicans . "  He is such a wildly unpopular figure trying to defend such discredited policies that Democrats would like to be able to find a way to pay him to give more of these kinds of speeches , " Jim Manley said . In the past two months , the former vice president has become a frequent critic of the new administration in numerous national media interviews . But House Minority Leader John Boehner said Cheney 's voice boosts his party 's cause . "  Listen , Dick Cheney has been around this town for the last 35 years -- 40 years . He knows how this town works , and frankly , he 's very knowledgeable when it comes to the strategies that the administration took with regard to dealing with this terrorist threat . And having him out there , outlining those strategies and why we 're engaged in this , I think , is helpful to the debate , " Boehner said . Republicans were quick to side with Cheney on Obama 's plan to close Guantanamo , with Rep. Lamar Smith charging that the president should "  put Americans ' safety ahead of an image problem he himself created by making a campaign promise to close Gitmo . " "  The administration asserts that transferring terrorists from a detention facility on an isolated island to a prison inside the U.S. will make Americans safer . The administration 's claims are completely contrary to common sense . By the president 's logic , we should close all other jails and prisons , too , " Smith , R-Texas , said in a statement . Obama 's plans to close the detention center have been met with opposition from both sides of the aisle in Congress . Following in the steps of House Democrats , Senate Democrats on Tuesday rejected the administration 's request for $ 80 million to close the facility . They instead asked that Obama first submit a plan spelling out what the administration will do with the prisoners when it closes the prison . Both chambers of Congress also passed similar measures that would prevent the detainees from being transferred to the United States . Obama on Thursday pledged not to release any Guantanamo Bay detainees who threaten the United States . He also pointed out that no one has ever escaped from a federal "  supermax " prison . Rep. Doug Lamborn , R-Colorado , whose district houses a supermax prison , adamantly does not want detainees brought to that prison . "  The president did not say where people would go who were convicted under military tribunals or who are to be released by courts or who are in the ` too dangerous to release ' category , so his plan today really has a lot of gaps in it , " he said . And Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , said it would be "  dangerous , naive and a threat to America 's national security " to put detainees on U.S. soil . But Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said he thinks the U.S. can safely house terror detainees . Watch Durbin 's suggestions on how to handle the detainees " "  The president is right in saying Guantanamo is more than a detention facility . It 's become a symbol . And sadly , it 's become an organizing tool around the world for terrorism . The sooner that we bring Guantanamo to a close , the better , " he said . Rep. Mike Pence , chairman of the House Republican Conference , accused the president of continuing to "  to bow to world opinion " when it comes to Guantanamo . "  Let me say emphatically : Mr. President , public safety comes before public relations . The American people do n't want to know how closing Guantanamo Bay will make us more popular , they want to know how closing Guantanamo Bay will make us safer , " he said . House Republican Whip Eric Cantor said closing the prison is "  too complex an issue to rush to resolution . " "  At the end of the day , when it comes to terrorism , no detail is too small , and we must have only one priority : the safety and security of the American people , " he said . Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said "  political rhetoric has entirely drowned out reason and reality " in the debate over where to put the detainees . "  Our criminal justice system handles extremely dangerous criminals , and more than a few terrorists , and it does so safely and effectively . We try very dangerous people in our courts and hold very dangerous people in our jails in Vermont and throughout the country . We have the best justice system in the world , " he said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi praised Obama 's address as "  a sensible , balanced approach to the treatment of detainees and to the handling of state secrets . " One decision that pleased some conservatives was Obama 's move to restart former President Bush 's military commissions . Former Navy lawyer Charles Swift , who won a landmark Supreme Court ruling that knocked down the Bush administration 's system of military commissions , said U.S. laws already cover the "  vast majority " of cases the Obama administration will face . "  The previous administration sought ways around the law , " he said . "  This president seeks to follow the law and keep us safe , and he believes in the long haul -- as do I -- that following the law and following our values in conjunction with holding terrorists is absolutely essential to both winning the war and being safe . " Swift said Cheney 's defense of waterboarding "  mystifies me . " "  I want to ascribe to people the best of motives , and I presume that the former vice president believes for whatever reason that force is the only thing that works , " he said . "  Unfortunately , that goes against all of the evidence . " As far as former President Bush 's thoughts on the dueling speeches , he did n't watch them . A source close to Bush said the former president was traveling at the time , en route to New Mexico , where he is the keynote speaker Thursday night at a fundraising dinner for a scholarship program for students at Artesia High School .	Reid says Cheney 's speech helps Democrats ; Boehner says Cheney helps GOP Republicans slam Obama 's plan to close Guantanamo Bay prison , seek details Opinions differ on whether U.S. should house detainees in supermax prisons Source : Former President Bush was traveling , missed the back-to-back speeches
CNN  -- It 's happened again . Another actress apparently forgot she was n't wearing any underwear when exiting her limo in front of throngs of paparazzi . The result : "  wardrobe malfunction . " Followed , of course , by a ton of free publicity for the actress and her new film . We 're talking about Anne Hathaway . At Monday night 's New York premiere of "  Les Misérables , " the 30-year-old star got out of her vehicle in a way that flashed to the paparazzi "  the Full Hathaway . " And next thing you know , she 's making the headlines . C'mon , let 's be honest : Are these "  malfunctions " really accidents or just calculated ploys by celebrities to garner attention ? Are we being played for idiots , or do celebrities suddenly fall out of their clothes more often than the rest of us ? In the case of Hathaway , it seems that the incident was probably a mistake . She told the press that she was "  devastated " by the mishap . Certainly , she has no history of these types of antics . And she is well-respected in Hollywood . In fact , on Thursday , she received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance in "  Les Misérables . " Although you would think that since Hathaway was exiting her car sans underwear , she would do so more carefully than a cowboy climbing off a horse . Especially since she was being dropped off on the red carpet where the paparazzi were lined up like piranhas awaiting a piece of meat . They live for stuff like this . There 's no doubt that being a celebrity is challenging . Celebrities have to constantly stay in the limelight . If they 're out of sight , they 're out of work . This is true for even those who have been very successful . Just this week , Jessica Biel -- a popular actress who recently married Justin Timberlake -- complained about losing out on several movie roles she desperately wanted , including the part in "  Les Misérables " that went to Hathaway . The answer for some celebs is simple : Do whatever it takes to stay in the public eye . "  Any press is good press " is the adage they live by . You do n't have to look far for examples of this philosophy . Lindsay Lohan , Kim Kardashian , Charlie Sheen , Snooki , Paris Hilton , along with their wardrobe malfunctions , drunken tirades , "  accidentally " leaked sex tapes , etc. . Then there are celebs like Lady Gaga and Rihanna who wear outfits that appear to be intentionally designed wardrobe malfunctions , from see-through blouses to bathing suit tops slightly bigger than a 50-cent piece . They do this all in front of paparazzi all too happy to accommodate their desire for attention . The queen of manipulating the press is Madonna . There are no "  malfunctions " with Madonna ; it 's all by design . This summer , during her concert in Istanbul , she flashed the audience her right breast . A month later during her Paris show , she flashed the audience her left breast . Madonna 's strategy is truly impressive : Her breasts yielded two different stories , one for each breast . Believe it not , there are celebrities that have not resorted to these tricks to stay relevant . They are able to remain famous and work continually without such extracurricular activities . We have yet to hear about Meryl Streep flashing her breasts on the Letterman show . Or George Clooney inadvertently having a part of his anatomy fall out of his pants . We have n't even seen pictures of people like Ben Affleck or Matt Damon with their zippers accidentally undone . As long as celebrities feel the pressure to remain famous , there will be wardrobe "  malfunctions . " But calling them accidents in many cases is just laughable . They are simply more creative press releases . It could always be worse . One day you could pick up the newspaper and discover Donald Trump has had a wardrobe malfunction revealing to us all : "  The Full Donald . " The thought of that makes me appreciate Madonna 's breasts -- both her left and her right one -- that much more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Anne Hathaway had a "  wardrobe malfunction " at a premiere of "  Les Misérables " Dean Obeidallah : Are we being played for idiots that these incidents are accidents ? He says as long as stars feel the pressure to remain famous , they 'll court attention Obeidallah : But there are some who do n't resort to these tricks to stay relevant
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Some call the Consumer Electronics Show "  Christmas for geeks . " On the eve of the largest gadget conference on earth , CNN was here in Las Vegas to figuratively shake the presents under the tree and eavesdrop on gift givers to try to figure out what will define this year 's show . Many companies will be unwrapping their big-ticket items at their own news conferences on Wednesday , with still more to debut at the Las Vegas Convention Center starting Thursday . In the meantime , we put together a list of gadgets and applications that stood out from the crowd at the pre-show events on Tuesday . A Windows-Android mutant tablet-laptop Tablets are hot , and Chinese computer maker Lenovo managed to draw crowds to its booth at CES Unveiled with one of its own . The LePad hardware is a spitting image of Apple 's iPad , but the software is anything but . The touch-screen tablet runs a version of Google 's Android that 's been heavily retooled and not necessarily for the better . It splits the application list into two tabs : work and play . The former consists mostly of productivity software , and the later has a heavy focus on multimedia . But the LePad is rooted in Lenovo 's comfort zone . The tablet acts as the screen for a IdeaPad U1 hybrid laptop running Windows 7 . Users can then detach the LePad from the clamshell hardware to tote it as a touch-screen gadget . The transition from the Android software to the more desktop-centric Windows 7 can be jarringly slow . But this is a prototype . The final version will be available in China first and in other countries later . The LePad was one of the only tablets we got to touch on Tuesday , but expect plenty more in the next couple of days . We 've already had sightings of some from Motorola Mobility and Vizio . A blood pressure reader that tweets Withings is in the business of connecting unexpected stuff to the internet . Its break-out product , a Wi-Fi-enabled bathroom scale , lets people post their current weight directly to Twitter and Facebook . On Tuesday , the company announced a smartphone-connected blood pressure monitor that transfers home blood pressure readings onto the iPhone . Users then can send that data to a doctor , personal trainer and friends on social networks . The app charts a person 's blood pressure over time , giving doctors more-granular data about a patient 's health and letting the product 's users watch these changes , too . The effects of stress , eating and exercise on a person 's health start to materialize in the app 's charts , letting users see otherwise invisible connections , said Withings CEO Cédric Hutchings . This became apparent as Hutchings demonstrated the device during a pre-CES event for the media . His blood pressure at this high-stress event : 119/78 . The day before : only 100/66 . The Smart Blood Pressure Monitor will be available at the end of the month and is expected to cost $ 129 . Ski goggles that shoot HD video Making a home movie of a ski trip used to be a dangerous endeavor -- one that requires skiers to hold a camcorder in a mitten while looking through a tiny camera viewfinder and careening down the hill . While it 's not the safest of practices , some new products are making this high-speed art more practical . A new pair of ski goggles from Liquid Image is equipped with a high-def video camera between the eyes . Click one button on the side of the lenses to turn the camera on . Click another to start shooting . A tiny blue light inside the goggles tells you it 's working . "  I can see it 's recording , but it 's not going to distract me , " Christina Groff said as she demonstrated that feature on Tuesday . "  So I 'm not going to get distracted and run into a tree or something . " The ski and snowboard goggles are expected to sell for $ 250 to $ 400  you get 1080p resolution at the top of that range  and will hit stores later in January . An app for TV socializing Software generally is n't a hot commodity at CES . But we found a bunch of app developers showing their wares at the pre-show events . One standout is called Yap.tv . The iPad app is a self-contained social network for television junkies . Plenty of apps are targeting TV fans , including Miso and GetGlue . With Yap.tv , in addition tying into personalized Facebook and Twitter feeds , it has functions for text-chatting with friends during a show and a very attractive channel guide . For the TV obsessive , trying to talk shows on more generalized social networks -- like Facebook and Twitter which are sometimes called "  horizontal " networks -- can be a challenge . "  Horizontal really bothers me , " Yap.tv co-founder Shawn Cunningham told CNN on Tuesday . "  They 're vacuous . " Adding to Yap.tv 's iPad app , the company released a version for iPhone last week , with a revamped website and Android app on the way . A small speaker that likes to lay flat Tiny speakers usually lack one quality : rich bass sounds . WOWee ONE speakers aim to address this shortfall by turning their surroundings into musical instruments . Set the company 's iPhone-sized speaker on a desk , coffee table or even a surfboard and it transfers sound waves into that material -- creating an on-the-fly subwoofer . Scott Friedman , CEO of SoulR Products , which makes the speakers , demonstrated the concept on Tuesday by playing a bass-guitar-heavy section of "  House of the Rising Sun . " It sounded tinny and small until he set the device down on a table . Then you could feel deeper vibrations . He proceeded to stick the gadget on all sorts of surfaces -- glass , metal , rock , an elevator wall -- like a doctor with a stethoscope . Each gave a different tone . "  A surf board 's great " as a subwoofer , he said , "  but a skateboard is n't so great because there are layers of wood with glue in the middle . " A special gel inside the speaker transfers the sound smoothly , he said . WOWee speakers , which connect to any gadget with a headphone jack , sell for about $ 80 to $ 90 . A thinner version of the product is coming out soon , Friedman said .	Several companies gave sneak peeks at wares they 'll be showing off at CES More goodies will show up in the next few days once CES kicks off In the meantime , we got to play with tweeting appliances and camera-equipped goggles
Mashable  -- The next generation of the iPhone and iPad will sport a new version of Apple 's A4 chip with a dual-core graphics processing unit that should enable even higher resolutions on these devices , as well as support for HD  1080p  video playback , AppleInsider reports citing sources familiar with the matter . More precisely , the chip in question should be a dual-core SGX543 GPU from Imagination Technologies . The rumor goes hand in hand with another rumor that claims the iPad 2 will have a much higher resolution screen than its predecessor , although the jury is still out on the exact number of pixels it 'll have . Mashable : Verizon iPhone available late January ? The SGX543 graphics chip will most probably be paired up with a dual-core ARM Cortex-A9 CPU , which should make the iPad 2 a very powerful machine , more than capable of playing HD video . Mashable : Why the Verizon iPhone does n't spell disaster for AT&T As far as the iPhone 5 goes , the most recent rumor has it that it will also sport a multi-core CPU , and that it will be completely redesigned compared to iPhone 4 . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Next generation will sport new version of Apple 's A4 chip with dual-core processing unit Chip will enable higher resolutions and support for HD  1080p  video playback iPad 2 chip will probably be paired up with a dual-core ARM Cortex-A9 CPU
CNN  -- Twitter just made it a little bit harder to be a troll . In the wake of reports about death and rape threats as well as other abuse targeting women as part of the so-called Gamergate movement , Twitter announced Tuesday that it has improved its reporting and blocking features . The changes , Twitter said in a blog post , will make it easier to police , and respond to , bad behavior among its roughly 284 million active users . Particularly on mobile , abuse will be easier to report , requiring less information and simplifying the way a user flags accounts or specific tweets for review . It also will become easier for users to report abuse that they see but were not the targets of themselves . Survey : 40 % of Web users have been harassed The blog post also says Twitter has improved its "  behind the scenes " procedures to make reviewing and responding to abuse reports faster . Unlike Facebook , which requires that users create accounts using their real names , Twitter allows anonymity . That 's why Twitter is sometimes the forum preferred by people who want to harass others . The service has at times come under fire for not doing enough to clamp down on such abuse . In the past few months , Gamergate has been the driving force behind a new wave of nasty , and widely reported , abuse on the site . Ostensibly an effort to improve ethical standards in video-game journalism , it quickly devolved into ugliness , with Web users identifying themselves with the movement targeting female game developers and journalists online .	Twitter has improved tools for reporting abuse Easier mobile reporting among is among the changes The move comes after wave of Gamergate harassment
CNN  -- A Paris court has ordered eBay to pay $ 63 million damages to luxury goods company LVMH for allowing copies of its goods to be sold on the Web auction site . Louis Vuitton took eBay to court for selling a range of fake luxury goods online . The fashion company -- home to brands including Louis Vuitton , Givenchy , Fendi , Emilio Pucci and Marc Jacobs -- complained it had been hurt by the sale of fake products on eBay . Pierre Godet , an adviser to LVMH Chairman and CEO Bernard Arnault , said the court 's decision was "  an answer to a particularly serious question , on whether the Internet is a free-for-all for the most hateful , parasitic practices . " eBay said LVMH was trying to crack down on Internet auctions because it was uncomfortable with its business model , which puts sellers rather than brands in control . "  If counterfeits appear on our site , we take them down swiftly , " eBay spokeswoman Sravanthi Agrawal said . "  But today 's ruling is not about counterfeits . Today 's ruling is about an attempt by LVMH to protect uncompetitive commercial practices at the expense of consumer choice and the livelihood of law-abiding sellers that eBay empowers every day . " She said eBay intended to appeal the ruling . The case pit two pillars of their industries -- one old , one new -- in a country whose courts often challenge Internet companies on matters protected elsewhere by freedom of speech . The ruling faulted eBay for "  guilty negligence " for not doing enough to prevent fake goods from being sold on its site . The court also ruled that eBay was responsible for the "  illicit sale " of perfumes from the LVMH empire , which can be sold only through the brands ' "  selective distribution networks . " The court barred eBay from running ads for the perfume and cosmetic brands or face a fine of $ 79,000 per day . Heather McDonald , partner at law firm Baker Hostetler , said : "  eBay has policies and procedures in place where they will intervene in an action between a buyer and seller if there 's a problem , and they profit directly on the basis of every item that is sold on their Web site . "  This gives them an affirmative obligation to take steps to make sure that illegal goods are n't sold , and they certainly have the ability to do that . "  They have been able to make sure that you ca n't buy a handgun and they have been able to make sure that you can not buy pornography or prescription narcotics or other medicines on eBay . "  They have the ability to do this , they have just chosen not do and to rest the entire burden of policing eBay on the shoulders of the trademark and copyright holders whose rights are being infringed here . "	Paris court orders eBay to pay $ 63 million in damages to luxury group LVMH The group sued eBay over sale of fake luxury goods online Brands affected include Louis Vuitton , Christian Dior , Fendi and Givenchy eBay said LVMH was trying to protect uncompetitive commercial practices
CNN  -- Coast Guard aircraft have found no sign of a spill from a Royal Dutch Shell oil drilling barge that ran aground off a southern Alaska island during a fierce winter storm , authorities reported Tuesday . The 266-foot Kulluk "  is sound . There is no sign of a breach of the hull . There is no sign of a release of any product , " Coast Guard Capt. Paul Mehler III told reporters Tuesday afternoon . Mehler said the Kulluk had about 143,000 gallons of diesel fuel and 12,000 gallons of combined lube oil and hydraulic fluid on board . The rig -- a key part in Shell 's controversial Arctic oil exploration project -- ran aground off uninhabited Sitkalidak Island , about 200 miles south of Anchorage , on Monday night . The Kulluk had been working in the Beaufort Sea , off Alaska 's North Slope , until October . It was being towed back to its winter home in Seattle when it ran into a severe storm off the Alaskan coast . The Coast Guard evacuated its 18-man crew Saturday night , and it drifted for 10 hours on Sunday after the tug that was towing it lost power . Monday night , tug crews had to cut the rig loose during a storm that whipped up 24-foot waves , leading to its grounding . Crews battle harsh weather trying to tow drilling unit to Alaska harbor Sean Churchfield , Shell 's Alaska operations manager , said Tuesday that the rig "  is upright , rocking with a slow motion , and is stable " -- but he added , "  There is still a lot of work to be done to bring this to a safe conclusion . " Three people suffered minor injuries over the past few days , but have already returned to work , Churchfield said . The rig was aground in an area of Ocean Bay , where water depth is 32 feet to 48 feet . A joint command has been set up to handle salvage efforts , but ongoing bad weather has kept crews from getting aboard the vessel , Mehler said . Weather conditions were expected to improve through the rest of the week , with seas subsiding from 24 feet Tuesday to 11 feet by Friday , according to the National Weather Service . Most of the nearby shore is owned by a native Alaskan corporation on adjacent Kodiak Island , said Steven Russell , of Alaska 's Department of Environmental Conservation . State officials are working with residents to watch out for any environmental damage from the grounding , he said . As of Tuesday , "  we have no indications of environmental or wildlife impact , " Russell said . Shell 's Arctic exploration plans caused widespread concern among environmentalists and were held up after BP 's Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Eskimo activist Caroline Cannon , one of Shell 's toughest critics , said she fears a spill from the Kulluk could harm fish and wildlife in the area . Shell rig accident off Alaska shows dangers of drilling in Arctic "  It 's a scary thought you know , because our food chain is out there . Our people rely on our food , " she said . Shell says it 's working at far less depth and lower pressures than the BP well that erupted off Louisiana , killing 11 men aboard and unleashing an undersea gusher that took three months to cap . The fuel on board the rig is used to power equipment and is not the result of the drilling operations Shell conducted off the North Slope , on the opposite side of the vast state from where the Kulluk now rests . The U.S. Geological Survey estimates more than 90 billion barrels of oil and nearly 1,700 trillion cubic feet of natural gas may be recoverable by drilling . And the shrinking of the region 's sea ice -- which hit record lows in 2012 -- has created new opportunities for energy exploration in the region . Climate researchers say that a decrease in sea ice is a symptom of a warming climate , caused largely by the combustion of carbon-rich fossil fuels . The science is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most scientists . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Alaska official says the state is looking for signs of environmental damage The grounded drilling barge Kulluk shows no sign of leaking fuel , the Coast Guard says A tug had to set the rig free during a severe storm Monday The rig 's crew of 18 evacuated on Saturday
CNN  -- Nigerian-born entrepreneur Kase Lawal is the epitome of the American dream . Arriving to the US a young , idealistic student , Lawal has carved a name for himself in one of the most competitive industries in the world : Oil . Now head of a multi-billion dollar empire , his Houston-based company , CAMAC , is one of the largest black-owned businesses in the U.S. , generating over $ 2 billion dollars a year . Founded nearly 25 years ago , Lawal built CAMAC  which stands for Cameroon-American  from a small agriculture business into a global oil company . But it 's taken a lot of hard work , determination and guts to get him to the top . Born and raised in Ibadan , Nigeria in 1954 , Lawal became interested in America and its civil rights movement during his teens . After finally persuading his father , a local politician , to send him to university in America , Lawal headed to Georgia and then Houston , where he attended the Texas Southern University . After graduating with a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering in 1976 , Lawal , like many of his classmates , started out as a graduate in the energy industry . First as a chemist for Dresser Industries  now Halliburton  and then as a chemical engineer with Shell Oil Refining Co. . During this time he met his wife , Eileen through a mutual friend and had his three children . Now married and settled , it was n't long before the innovative young Nigerian started to implement his business ideas . In 1986 he established CAMAC , a company trading agricultural commodities such as sugar , tobacco and rice . In the early 90s he made the leap into the energy sector after the Nigerian government started to develop its energy market . With his knowledge of Nigeria and his Houston address , Lawal was ideally positioned to attract major oil companies . In 1991 CAMAC made a deal with the oil giant Conoco , agreeing to jointly operate and share production from any Nigerian discoveries . This turned out to be Lawal 's big break . With his political contacts , local market knowledge and now with the backing of a major oil firm , Lawal 's Houston-based company became an instant player in the energy industry . As Lawal told CNN : "  That partnership I believe was the cornerstone of the CAMAC that you know today . Subsequently with that credibility and the advantage of partnering with Conoco , we were also able to partner with BP and also with Statoil of Norway and currently we have made a partnership with Eni , the largest Italian company , which is one of the top five oil companies in the world . " Now CAMAC has offices in London , Johannesburg , Lagos and Port Harcourt , Nigeria and is involved in oil exploration , refining and trading . He was awarded the USAfrica Business Person of the Year in 1997 and in 2002 CAMAC was named the largest African-American owned company on the Black Enterprise 100s list .	Born in Ibadan , Nigeria , Lawal moved to America in 1971 CAMAC was established by Lawal in 1986 as an agricultural trading company Now CAMAC is a multi-billion dollar oil empire Lawal was awarded the USAfrica Business Person of the Year in 1997
CNN  -- Misano is home from home for Italian legend Valentino Rossi so it was fitting he would secure his first win of the 2014 season at the circuit on the Adriatic Riviera Sunday and reach another milestone in his remarkable career . The nine-time world motorcycling champion took his 107th victory and surpassed 5,000 grand prix points , over 4,000 in the premier MotoGP class . Rossi took the lead early from pole sitter and Honda teammate Jorge Lorenzo but was being chased by Marc Marquez when the dominant title leader went down on the Rio corner on the 10th lap . Marquez was able to restart his Yamaha but his chances of victory were over and and he finished 15th . Rossi , whose last win came at Assen in 2013 , went on to claim the San Marino GP with Lorenzo and Marquez 's teammate Dani Pedrosa completing the podium . Rossi 's home town of Tavullia is a few kilometers from Misano and his win was greeted with delight by his supporters . "  I had a good start to the race and battled with Marc and Jorge , I knew Marc wanted to stay in front . After I saw the board and understood that he had crashed or something it was a little easier as I already had a small advantage over Jorge , " he told the official MotoGP website . "  It has been five years since my last victory here , a similar race too , it 's like a time machine , " he added . Marquez said he was pleased to be able to recover after his tumble . "  I saw the possibility of fighting with Valentino for the victory , but that was not possible in the end because of the mistake , I was riding over the inside of the rumble strip and that meant that I lost the front , " he said . "  Luckily I was able to rejoin the race , continue with a good pace and score a point that could always come in handy in the future . " Marquez remains firmly in command in search of his second straight title with 289 points , but Rossi has closed to within a point of Pedrosa , 214 to 215 , in the battle for second place . Pedrosa was taking his ninth podium of the season , edging out another home hope , Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso . Andrea Iannone  Pramac Racing  impressed in fifth place ahead of the Monster Yamaha Tech3 pair of Pol Espargaro and Bradley Smith .	Valentino Rossi wins San Marino MotoGP at Misano First win of season for Italian legend Rossi passes 5,000 points in world championship classes Championship leader Marc Marquez crashes and finishes 15th
Rolling Stone  -- It 's been four years since Brandy released her last album "  Human " and many things have changed , including her . "  I 'm reinventing myself and I feel fearless , " Brandy told Rolling Stone . "  I have n't done R&B in a very long time . This album is rooted in R&B . The sound is different , it 's about love . It 's mature , it 's gritty , it 's edgy . " The former teen star and mother of one is hard at work on her sixth album and recently wrapped the video for her first single , a duet with Monica called "  It All Belongs To Me . " This is first time the two have recorded together since their 1998 Grammy Award winning hit , "  The Boy Is Mine . " "  Monica and I have a bond as women and as mothers , working with her does n't feel like work , " Brandy says . "  Chris Robinson directed the video and we 're both in dysfunctional relationships . We 're helping each other through both situations , it 's sort of like a ` Thelma & Louise , ' girl empowerment video . " Recruiting producers like Rico Love , who wrote and produced "  It All Belongs To Me , " Jim Jonsin , Danja , Timbaland , Chris Brown and longtime collaborator Rodney Jerkins , Brandy 's also seeing what two Canadians have to offer . "  I heard the song that Drake did and I loved it , " Brandy says of working with the Cash Money MC and his primary producer Noah "  40 " Shebib . "  I have n't recorded it yet but I 'm looking forward to it because it 's such a great melody and the beat is nice . It 's a vibe that I have n't dipped into and I think the fans would get a kick out of hearing my voice over a record like that . I 'm not sure if Drake 's going to be on it but I 'm a huge fan of his . His melodies are beautiful , I like the way I sound in the shower singing his songs . " Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project , and according to Brandy , their relationship is more than just professional . "  He 's like a little brother to me , " Brandy says . "  He wrote a song called ` Scared of Beautiful ' about women who are afraid to be beautiful in their full potential as women . I 've been there before so I know a lot of women can relate . " Despite moving from her initial record label home Atlantic to Epic and now RCA , Brandy says she finally feels supported . "  RCA reminds me of how Atlantic used to be , they really believed in my vision as an artist when they signed me at 14 , " she shares . "  RCA welcomed me and Breyon Prescott and Peter Edge showed such passion for what I wanted to do . " See the full article at Rolling Stone . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Brandy is hard at work on her sixth album She recently wrapped the video for her first single , a duet with Monica Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project
CNN  Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California . Paramedics from the Los Angeles Fire Department were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT  5:30 p.m. ET  Tuesday on the report of a medical emergency , spokesman Robert Hinojosa said . "  Joni was found unconscious in her home  Tuesday  afternoon . She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital , " according to her official website . "  She is currently in intensive care undergoing tests and is awake and in good spirits . More updates to come as we hear them . Light a candle and sing a song , let 's all send good wishes her way . " Some of Mitchell 's best-known songs are "  Big Yellow Taxi , " "  Help Me " and "  Free Man in Paris , " but she has penned hits for other artists too . Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young scored with her anthem "  Woodstock , " about the 1969 landmark music festival . Judy Collins registered a Top 10 hit in 1967 with Mitchell 's "  Both Sides Now . " Mitchell , 71 , was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 .	Mitchell is best know for her hits "  Big Yellow Taxi " and "  Free Man in Paris " Paramedics came to her Los Angeles home on Tuesday afternoon
CNN  -- South Sudan 's President has reached a cease-fire deal with a rebel leader following five months of violence in the world 's youngest nation . The deal signed Friday in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa comes a week after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with President Salva Kiir . During the meeting , he pushed for Kiir to hold face-to-face talks with rebel leader Riek Machar . "  I saw with my own eyes last week the stakes and the struggles in a new nation we helped courageous people create , " Kerry said Friday after the deal . "  The people of South Sudan have suffered too much for far too long . In this most recent crisis alone , over one million people have been displaced , even more now face the prospect of famine ... there have been human rights abuses on a massive scale committed by both sides . " Thousands of people have been killed and more than 1.3 million displaced since clashes erupted in December between forces loyal to the two rivals . The parties signed an initial peace deal in January , but it fell apart days later . Kerry welcomed the new peace agreement , saying it "  could mark a breakthrough for the future " of the young nation . "  The hard journey on a long road begins now and the work must continue , " he said . Mark Simmonds , British foreign minister for Africa , hailed the "  long overdue step " but noted the persistence of fighting despite the deal . "  It is essential that both sides ensure its immediate implementation and take full responsibility for the forces under their control . Only with continued engagement and the genuine commitment of both sides will South Sudan be able to pull back from catastrophe , " he said . "  This conflict has caused innumerable deaths , forced hundreds of thousands of people from their homes , and brought the country to the brink of famine . " The violence started late last year after Kiir accused Machar of trying to oust him through a coup , a charge he denied . Since the attempted coup , violence spread rapidly , with reports of their forces conducting mass killings nationwide . The violence ran down ethnic lines -- the Nuer tribe backs the rebel leader while the President hails from the Dinka tribe . In April , militia seized the strategic oil town of Bentiu , separated terrified residents by ethnicity and slaughtered at least 400 , the United Nations said . South Sudan celebrated its independence from Sudan three years ago after an internationally brokered referendum . CNN 's Radina Gigova and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report	Thousands of people have been killed since clashes erupted in December "  The hard journey on a long road begins now and the work must continue , " John Kerry says UK diplomat hails the cease-fire deal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson had a level of hero worship on a par with Elvis Presley or the Beatles but he was the first black star to inspire such a massive following around the world . Michael Jackson , the ultimate showman , craved attention and was rarely disappointed . Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records over his 40-year career give just a hint of the adoration there was for the "  King of Pop . " The fact that his death came on the eve of a comeback tour in London will leave his devotees feeling even more bereft . While his career -- and wealth -- had waned greatly in recent years , there was still enough support for the concerts to sell out at a rate of nearly 40,000 an hour . Fans from as far afield as Japan , Germany and Dubai queued to buy their tickets . Steve Greenberg , founder and CEO of S-Curve Records , was a disc jockey in Tel Aviv , Israel , when "  Thriller " first dropped and witnessed first-hand how Jackson became an international icon . His was a global appeal , Greenberg said , among fans and artists worldwide . "  He was as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe , " Greenberg said . "  He had that universality that not many people had . The Beatles had it , Muhammad Ali had it , but not many other people have had it . " Jackson was known for far more than his music though . Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced , U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to the work of a "  trailblazer " in helping people around the world through his charities . How will you remember Michael Jackson ? Sharpton added that the song Jackson co-wrote with Lionel Richie , "  We Are the World , " a 1985 charity single that raised an estimated $ 50 million for famine relief in Africa , ushered in Live Aid and the era of celebrity philanthropy . Jackson was the supreme showman who had an unrivalled knack of grabbing headlines . From his precocious abilities as the 11-year-old singer in the Jackson 5 to his legendary "  moon-walk " dance , the star craved attention , and was rarely disappointed . Jackson "  as big as it gets " " But in the years after his colossal 1982 hit album "  Thriller " and its 1987 follow-up "  Bad , " much of the focus did not cast him in a good light . In 1996 the lead singer of Pulp , Jarvis Cocker , caused a furor at the Brit Awards in London when he invaded the stage during Jackson 's performance of "  Earth Song " in protest "  at the way Michael Jackson sees himself as some kind of Christ-like figure with the power of healing . " Jackson failed to see the humor in Cocker 's mockery , responding that he was "  sickened , saddened , shocked , upset , cheated , angry " by the protest . He also alleged that Cocker had attacked children on stage , something that the Pulp singer denied . But many in the music industry backed Cocker , who was arrested but later released without charge . The theme of children was one that continued to haunt Jackson . In 2002 he caused a public outcry by dangling his baby son Prince Michael II from a third-floor hotel balcony in Germany before the world 's press . He later said he regretted the incident . Watch video of the incident " And in a 2003 interview with British journalist Martin Bashir that was supposed to repair his image around the world , the singer revived allegations of child abuse when he said of sharing a bed with a young boy : "  It 's a beautiful thing . It 's very right , it 's very loving . Because what 's wrong with sharing a love ? " A warrant was issued for his arrest on charges of sexually molesting 12-year-old Gavin Arvizo . Jackson surrendered himself to police amid a media furor . In the 2005 trial conducted in the glare of the world 's media spotlight , Jackson was cleared of child molestation charges . Following the trial , Jackson 's finances took a hit and he was forced to sell his Neverland ranch in California . He later kept a low profile in the United States and spent time in Britain , where his friends included psychic spoonbender Uri Geller and Harrod 's owner Mohamed Al Fayed , and also in Bahrain . But in November last year , Jackson was sued by an Arab sheikh at the High Court in London for $ 7.7 million . They parted "  amicably " after agreeing a settlement . Jackson had been invited with his children and entourage to Bahrain by the king 's son , Sheikh Abdulla bin Hamad Al Khalifa , who lavished money on Jackson and built a recording studio , which he believed would be used to record albums by Jackson using material the sheikh had helped to write . But Jackson insisted there was no valid agreement and that the sheikh 's case was based on "  mistake , misrepresentation and undue influence . " He said sums of money paid out by the sheikh were "  gifts . " As fans around the world mourn it is likely Michael Jackson will be remembered as a musical hero -- but also a man with human flaws .	Michael Jackson was adored by fans around the world Total sales exceeding 700 million records over his 40-year career U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to his charity work
The federal government should pay back New York and other cities that have shelled out millions to deal with Ebola , U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer said Sunday . In New York , which diagnosed its first Ebola case last month , the price tag has been steep , Schumer said . The city has spent about $ 20 million so far to quarantine and treat Dr. Craig Spencer , trace his contacts and make sure the disease does n't spread , according to Schumer , a Democrat . Spencer was released from Bellevue Hospital Center last week after weeks of treatment . Word that Spencer went for a jog , traveled the city 's vast subway system and went bowling before his diagnosis sparked fears that the number of Ebola cases could grow in the city , though authorities stressed that the risk of him spreading the virus was low . "  The world-class effort mounted by the city and Bellevue to fight Ebola was not cost-free -- far from it , " Schumer told reporters Sunday . Spencer 's treatment was "  extremely expensive , " Schumer said , involving about 100 workers . City health officials also ramped up operations to keep track of people returning from Ebola hotspots in West Africa and those who had direct contact with Spencer , Schumer said . "  Simply put , local communities , local taxpayers should not foot the whole bill for handling this infectious disease that may have been physically present in New York City , but was truly a threat to the whole nation , " he said . Last month , officials in Dallas County , Texas , told The Dallas Morning News they 'd already spent more than $ 1 million responding to the Ebola crisis . County leaders there have also said they plan to request reimbursement , the newspaper reported . The Obama administration said earlier this month that it wants Congress to foot the bill for more than $ 6 billion in "  emergency funding " to fight Ebola . That includes $ 4.5 billion for immediate response and $ 1.5 billion for a contingency fund , an Office of Management and Budget official told CNN . Schumer said Sunday that money should include a special "  Ebola Contingency Fund " that would reimburse states and local governments for treatment and containment of Ebola . Obama 's existing appropriations request , Schumer 's office said , "  does not include any plan to reimburse localities like New York City in such a substantial way . " Last month , the World Bank estimated that the cost of Ebola could top $ 32 billion over the next two years if the deadly virus spreads to more countries in West Africa .	Sen. Chuck Schumer says New York should be reimbursed for money spent on Ebola So far , the city has shelled out more than $ 20 million for Ebola response , he says Dallas County officials have also said they 'll seek reimbursement Obama has asked Congress for $ 6 billion in emergency funding to fight Ebola
London  CNN  -- British lawmakers want to rename one of London 's most famous landmarks -- known to tourists around the world as "  Big Ben " -- after Queen Elizabeth II , for her Diamond Jubilee . The Queen marks 60 years on the throne in 2012 , and politicians believe that naming St. Stephen 's Tower , the clock tower at the Houses of Parliament , in her honor would be a fitting tribute to her years of service . "  Not many kings and queens have served for such a long time , " Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood , who is leading the renaming campaign , told CNN . "  Only two have celebrated their Diamond Jubilee -- Queen Elizabeth II , and Queen Victoria . "  The other tower at the Palace of Westminster is named in honour of Queen Victoria ; the clock tower has lots of nicknames -- Big Ben , St Stephen 's Tower , or just the Clock Tower -- but no official name . "  It seems a superb way to honor a very distinguished life , and the many years of service she has given to the country . " Ellwood said his plan had the support of MPs from across the political spectrum , and that he hoped they would back his bill to officially name the tower after the Queen in the coming weeks -- in time for the Diamond Jubilee celebrations in June . "  Of course , if it does go ahead it will mean that the next time a monarch reaches their 60th anniversary we 'll have to build another tower -- but I do n't suppose we 'll have to worry about that for a while , " he joked . "  Big Ben " is officially the name of the 13.5 ton bell inside St Stephen 's Tower , and not the name of the tower itself . The bell rang out for the first time in July 1859 -- but cracked two months later . Its chimes were silenced for the next four years , until a way was found to make it peal again in 1863  by turning it slightly  , however , the crack is still visible . Today it rings -- in the key of E -- each hour , while a series of quarter bells chime every 15 minutes . It remains unclear whether the new name -- Elizabeth Tower -- will capture the public imagination , or if they will continue to refer to it as "  Big Ben " . However , jokers have already suggested a new nickname : "  Big Beth . "	British lawmakers want St Stephen 's Tower to be renamed in honor of Queen Elizabeth II Clock tower is one of London 's most famous landmarks , home to "  Big Ben " bell Queen celebrates her Diamond Jubilee -- marking 60 years on the throne -- this year Other tower at Houses of Parliament named after long-serving monarch Queen Victoria
Washington  CNN  -- A 21-year-old Idaho man charged with trying to assassinate President Obama by firing a rifle at the White House is competent to stand trial , a federal judge ruled Friday . In issuing the ruling , Magistrate Judge John Facciola turned down a request by government prosecutors for Oscar Ortega-Hernandez to undergo more mental evaluation . Dr. Elizabeth Teegarden , a clinical psychologist who interviewed the accused for 50 minutes , told the court she concluded , "  he was clearly competent to stand trial . " Federal prosecutor George Varghese asked Teegarden if she was aware the defendant had referred to himself as a modern-day Jesus Christ and if she knew he reportedly thought the government had a plan to implant global positioning system chips inside U.S. citizens to be able to track them . She said she had not been given that information before she interviewed Ortega-Hernandez . The psychologist said that during the interview , Ortega-Hernandez answered questions about his background , said he had never been treated for a mental illness , and understood the function of the judges and lawyers involved in his case . Teegarden said that when she asked him about comments he had allegedly made to people he knows in Idaho that indicated he might want to hurt Obama , Ortega-Hernandez did n't want to discuss the subject . "  I do n't see any delusions in this case that affect competency , " Teegarden said . "  I saw no delusional thinking , period . " Teegarden , who works for the city 's Department of Mental Health , said she does more than 400 mental competency evaluations a year . Ortega-Hernandez sat quietly during the hearing and appeared to listen closely to Teegarden 's testimony . He wore a dark prison jumpsuit and leg shackles . He is scheduled to appear in court Monday for a probation and preliminary hearing at which the government is expected to provide probable cause evidence that he fired a rifle at the White House on the evening of November 11 in an attempt to assassinate Obama . Obama was traveling in California the night the shots were fired . On Thursday , the government filed a document arguing Ortega-Hernandez should be kept in jail and not be freed on bail . The filing included details on Ortega-Hernandez 's actions on the day of the shooting and in the aftermath . After Ortega-Hernandez was captured in Indiana , Pennsylvania , five days after the shooting , he told investigators he had been carjacked by a man with a gun on the day the White House shooting took place , according to the filing . He allegedly said the man who stole his car and his wallet must have been the person who shot at the White House . Prosecutors say there is videotape showing Ortega-Hernandez shopping at a Walmart store in Fairfax , Virginia , two hours after he said he was robbed in Washington . According to the document , Ortega-Hernandez also said he has never owned a gun . Prosecutors say they have two witnesses from Idaho who contradict that and tie him to a rifle found in a car abandoned not far from the White House on the night of the shooting . One witness said he sold the Romanian-made assault rifle to Ortega-Hernandez last March , and the other said he attached a scope to the weapon and saw Ortega-Hernandez practice shooting with it , according to the court filing . "  Five confirmed bullet impact points " were found on the south side of the White House , according to the document . Two bullets and one bullet jacket were recovered and prosecutors say preliminary ballistics tests have matched them to the rifle found in a 1998 Honda which is registered to Ortega-Hernandez and another person . Only Ortega-Hernandez 's fingerprints were found on some ammunition magazines left in the car and his prints also were found inside the car , according to prosecutors . The government also said a Walmart receipt was found in the car from Ortega-Hernandez 's stop there four hours before the shooting . In a criminal complaint issued earlier , several unnamed witnesses were quoted as saying Ortega-Hernandez viewed Obama as "  the devil " or the "  anti-Christ . " The Thursday filing includes a reference to a woman identified only as "  Witness 10 . " She allegedly told investigators that Ortega thought he was "  chosen " to "  take care of " the president and that she thought that meant he wanted to kill Obama . Investigators previously released little information on Ortega-Hernandez 's movement from the night of the shooting at the White House until he was arrested five days later at a hotel in Pennsylvania . But in their Thursday court filing , prosecutors revealed that three days after the shooting , a former FBI photographer who takes pictures of trains as a hobby photographed a stowaway riding on a train near Shenandoah Junction , West Virginia , heading northwest . The photographer -- identified in the document as witness 18 -- thought the man looked like Ortega-Hernandez and contacted law enforcement . Witnesses who knew Ortega-Hernandez later identified the man in the picture as him . Prosecutors say the charge of attempting to assassinate the president is one of the most serious in the criminal code . In the Thursday filing , prosecutors say , "  Ortega-Hernandez was deadly serious about eliminating the president and took many substantial steps toward achieving his end , " including purchasing a rifle in March to making a 2,000-mile drive from Idaho to the East Coast in October . Prosecutors argue that although Obama was n't in Washington the night of the shooting , Ortega-Hernandez had a specific plan to hurt him . "  The tragedy that would have befallen the nation if Ortega-Hernandez had been successful is unspeakable , " prosecutors said .	Judge rules Oscar Ortega-Hernandez is mentally competent He will appear in court Monday for a preliminary hearing He is accused of firing a rifle at the White House in November He faces charges of trying to assassinate President Obama
CNN  -- In Namibia , the question of who owns the wildlife has often been fraught with difficulties . In 1967 -- one year after the United Nations demanded South Africa leave Namibia -- the ruling South African apartheid government gave ownership of the local fauna to  predominantly  white landowners . Shortly afterwards , the indigenous Namibians were pushed out onto the formerly protected Kaokoveld wildlife reserve , where they were given a strip of land on which to farm . For those living on the communal lands , poaching springbok and zebra was often seen as the only way a family could stay fed . When John Kasaona was a young boy , his father did what many men did at the time ; he poached . "  He used to catch everything from springbok to lion , " recalls Kasaona . "  There was constant food in our family . " The practice was , of course , illegal , and the landowners often came down hard on poachers . "  It was a very awkward situation , " says Kasaona . "  The colonial government 's department of conservation started opening up pots in the local communities to see what was in those pots . " Though the authorities arrested perpetrators , poaching remained rampant in the 1970s and 1980s as bad droughts and a war for independence ravaged local livestock . As a result , many species in Namibia were facing extinction . "  In the private lands , wildlife was doing quite well , " notes Chris Weaver , head of the World Wildlife Fund-Namibia  WWF-Na  . "  On the communal lands , though , it was at near historic lows . " In 1983 , Kasaona 's father was asked by the village headman to stop poaching . From now on he would no longer hunt wildlife ; he would protect it . He was one of the first poachers turned "  game guards " , in the country . The novel idea -- to protect wildlife by enlisting those most skilled at tracking it -- was the brainchild of the Integrated Rural Development and Nature Conservation  IRDNC  , an NGO of which Kasaona is now the director . One of the founders of IRDNC , a conservationist named Gareth Owen-Smith , formed the idea for the game guard system in tandem with the local Herero herdsmen . "  He discovered that these elders did n't want to see the end of wildlife any more than he did , " remarks IRDNC 's co-founder , Margaret Jacobsohn . "  It might not make sense from an outside perspective , but from a local perspective , these are the men who know and enjoy being in the bush . But now they 're earning an income from being there . " When Namibia gained independence in 1990 , the government recognized the successes achieved by the game guard system , and enlisted IRDNC 's help in rolling it out on a national scale . By 1996 , the idea had matured ; rather than merely paying local communities to look after wildlife , the government used ownership as an incentive . In exchange for forming a "  community conservancy " a community was given the rights to the animals on their land . "  If people feel they really own a resource , if they feel they have responsibility for it , they 're going to be accountable , and they 're going to look after it , " notes Jacobsohn . "  It 's just a very logical thing . If you rent an apartment , you 'll treat it one way . If you own it , you might treat it slightly better . " The initial funding came from the government and NGOs , including IRDNC and the WWF , who , with USAid , has invested $ 48 million into the conservancy program since 1993 . Looking at the numbers today , it 's clear it 's been a huge success . The country currently hosts the world 's largest population of free roaming cheetahs and black rhinos  where once they teetered on the edge of extinction  . In the last decade , the elephant population has risen from around 13,000 to 20,000 . In the northwest of the country , where lions were down to under two dozen , they now total roughly 130 . The goal , though , has always been for conservancies to become self-sufficient , as owning wildlife is n't enough to ensure its protection . In order for the conservation scheme to really work , people on the land had to recognize they could benefit more from the animals alive than - as Jacobsohn says - "  in their cooking pots . " When the conservancy system started in 1996 , there were four areas pulling in a negligible income . Today , there are over 74 earning a combined total of more than $ 4.8 million . Most of the money is derived from joint venture tourism , with trophy hunting following in at a distant second . Many conservancies have used the influx of money to better develop their local schools , provide support programs for individuals with HIV/AIDS and improve infrastructure and a range of other rural development projects . "  It brought a very big change when we went into the tourism business , " recalls Bennie Roman , the manager of the Torra Conservancy , one of the oldest in the country , and the first to become fully financially independent . Roman recalled how before Torra was set up , the only jobs available were in teaching and farming . "  Young people would go out to urban areas , and the elders would stay back to manage the land , " he says . In 1995 , the Damaraland Camp eco-resort moved in nearby . At first , Roman says the community looked at it with suspicion . "  We saw them as competition , " he admits . "  They were generating an income from the resources we were living with . " However since then , Torra has become the first conservancy to partner with a private business . The Damaraland Camp pays rent to the conservancy and hires locals from within the community -- one from every household . There are other effects of the conservancy program , some that do n't follow strict principals of conservation . The practice of trophy hunting has proved controversial , invoking ire from various animal rights activists . Yet Weaver sees it as beneficial to preservation . "  From my perspective , we 're trying to conserve the species , not the individual animal , and this creates a benefit when it 's done in a well-regulated fashion , and the benefits go to the local community , " he says . Another issue is that conservancies have done their job too well . "  The numbers of zebras and elephants have increased , but so have the numbers of lions , cheetahs and hyenas , " notes Kasaona . "  It 's become a big problem for our farmers . " Conservancies have responded in a number of ways . Most offer a small sum to farmers to offset their losses . Some use GPS tracking devices on the predators to alert farmers when they 're heading over to their area . Roman has started a breeding station to help replace livestock that gets mauled by local predators . Kasaona admits that the problem is "  part of the success story of Namibia " . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Namibia 's land ownership issues created poaching problem until 1980s Turning poachers into stewards of land and wildlife transformed situation Numbers of big game increased and provided income for locals Community tourism and other benefits have emerged from the ` conservancy ' program
London  CNN  -- It may look more amusement park than Olympic Park , but the twisting red metal tower at the heart of the London 2012 Games site is no helter-skelter -- it 's a massive piece of contemporary art named the Orbit . The sculpture , created by artist Anish Kapoor and designer Cecil Balmond , has become a common sight on televisions across the globe in recent days , snaking up through the sky alongside the Olympic Stadium . But while many visitors to the park have been happy to study the swirling structure from the ground , or to ride to the top and enjoy the sweeping views it offers across London , others are n't so sure . "  I think it 's amazing , it looks like a roller coaster , " Raven , an 11-year-old local schoolgirl , told CNN on her first visit to the tower . "  It 's so ugly it becomes interesting , " another Olympics fan said this week after visiting the sculpture . Earlier this year when the Orbit was first unveiled , London 's mayor claimed it was better than the Eiffel Tower . Boris Johnson said the artwork , which rises up next to the Olympic Stadium at Stratford in the city 's East End was "  a masterpiece of design and engineering . " "  It endlessly repays the viewer , it is a very rewarding thing to look at . The Eiffel Tower is very simple , the Shard , behind me , is a piece of cake -- any child of two could do that -- this is much more elaborate , more sophisticated , more intriguing and complex , " he told CNN . The tower stands 114.5 meters  375 feet  tall , making it Britain 's biggest sculpture , more than twice the height of Nelson 's Column , almost six times the height of the Angel of the North , and 22 meters taller than the Statue of Liberty . Visitors climb 455 steps -- or ride one of two elevators -- to two observation decks offering expansive vistas across London . Johnson and Lakshmi Mittal , CEO of steelmaker ArcelorMittal , joined forces to champion the creation of a large-scale sculpture at the Olympic Park -- after meeting in a cloakroom at Davos . "  It started as a small project , a casual discussion . " Mittal told CNN in May . "  It was just a scribble on a piece of paper . But it expanded and expanded into this exciting project . " Mittal 's company stumped up more than # 19 million  $ 30 million  of the # 24 million cost of the structure , providing steel from their plants across the globe . "  The Olympics are a global games -- the whole world participates , 202 countries . ArcelorMittal has businesses in so many countries around the world and so I wanted every one to participate , " he said . Kapoor and Balmond won a competition to design the piece , and have watched it rise from the one-time wasteland , as the Olympic venues around it have also taken shape . Kapoor said the initial brief called for a tower on the Olympic site , "  100 meters tall , or more , and we 've done more , " explaining that the work "  questions the concept of what towers can be . " "  As you walk up , around and through it , it 's as if the object is happening around you , " he said when the sculpture was completed , adding that the Orbit "  demands , requires , needs public participation . " "  It 's all about being here , being involved , " he told CNN . The artist conceded that the # 15 entry fee  # 7 for children  was high , but said it had been an expensive project , and that he hoped it would eventually be free , allowing more people to visit . Designer Balmond said the pair intended the sculpture to last far longer than the few weeks of the Olympic Games . "  We hope it will be a monument for London , that will stand for 50 years -- though it might need a paint job by then -- and that it will be a beacon , drawing people to the area . " Kapoor said he was ready for criticism : "  When you add such a big edifice to London 's skyline , necessarily , people will scrutinize it , and some will be critical , and that 's part of the process . We will see ... "	Orbit , designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond , at heart of Olympic Park Tower stands 114.5 m tall , making it Britain 's tallest sculpture Structure is built from 2,000 tons of steel and covered in 19,000 liters of red paint Flight of 455 steps lead to viewing platform offering views across London
CNN  -- Latino voters went into the midterm election Tuesday feeling like bystanders in an American political process that is broken . An election eve poll of 5,000 Latinos who said they already had voted , or intended to vote , Tuesday was particularly telling -- more than half reported that no one had contacted them to ask for their vote . That 's right , no one -- not a political campaign , not a candidate , not a community organization . Perhaps partly as a result , their motivation for voting was deeply personal , with more than a third saying they were voting to show their support for the Latino community rather than for a Democratic or Republican candidate . Such views are consistent with the research we have conducted at the NALEO Educational Fund over the past four years , among "  The Great Unengaged " -- Latino U.S. citizens who are unlikely to vote because they believe the political system does not work for them and their families , and that political promises are made and easily broken . When they are engaged and asked to vote , they do so not for themselves , but for their families and community . This lack of engagement with the two parties did not stop NALEO Educational Fund projecting that 7.8 million Latinos would vote in this election , up from the 6.6 million who voted in 2010 . And although it is too early to know if we hit that mark , we do know this much -- Latino voters are as angry about Washington paralysis as other Americans .  The lack of movement on immigration reform , an issue that for the second consecutive national election ranked as the No. 1 issue for Latino voters , was simply Exhibit A in a list of reasons why the community is frustrated  . Yet the failure of lawmakers to address the key issues of interest for Latino voters is particularly perplexing when we look at what happens when politicians do take these voters into account . Colorado , one of the few states with both a large Latino electorate and a competitive Senate race , underscored how it is possible for candidates to reinvent themselves and win an election by softening their approach and addressing the issues of key importance to the Latino community . Cory Gardner , who had opposed immigration reform , was able to transform himself as a candidate by addressing the issues and focusing on compromise . Perhaps this helps explain why incumbent Mark Udall , who largely ignored the issue of immigration in hopes of not alienating non-Latinos , lost -- despite 71 % of Latino voters polled in Colorado having said they would vote for him . Many likely felt disinclined to vote for Udall , reflecting the reality that Latino voters are not monolithic , and their vote is up for grabs if parties and candidates speak to their issues . Looking ahead to 2016 , the campaign for the White House begins today , and a presidential election has a completely different dynamic than a mid-term election . As each of the past four presidential elections has demonstrated , the road to the White House goes through the Latino community , and amassing the required Electoral College votes requires victory in states where Latino voters make the difference . This was true in George W. Bush 's successful elections in 2000 and 2004 , just as it was for Barack Obama 's campaigns in 2008 and 2012 . What happens next in Washington on immigration reform , and the other top issues for Latino voters -- jobs and the economy , education and health care -- will set the stage for the next election . With this in mind , the next would-be president must not only reach out and directly connect with Latino voters on the issues that most matter to them , but also show that he , or she , is from a party that is able to deliver action as well .	Motivation for voting in midterms was deeply personal , says Arturo Vargas Many Latinos reported voting for community rather than for party candidate , he says Vargas : Race for Colorado Senate seat showed Latino votes are up for grabs
CNN  -- Brain-eating amoebae were found in DeSoto Parish , Louisiana , where a 51-year-old woman died from an infection in 2011 , the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said . The parish 's Waterworks District No. 1 -- one of 14 systems in the parish -- was to flush its system with additional chlorine Wednesday to kill the amoeba , the department said in a release Tuesday . Residents , over the next two months , "  may notice a change in the smell and taste of the water throughout the chlorine burn . However , the water will remain safe to drink , " the department said . The state selected the district 's water for additional testing because of the 2011 death . After the Naegleria fowleri amoeba was detected last month in St. Bernard Parish near New Orleans -- and linked to the August death of a 4-year-old boy -- the state tested DeSoto Parish 's water as a precautionary measure . The district serves almost 5,000 customers in DeSoto Parish , which includes the city of Mansfield , south of Shreveport . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the amoeba 's presence ; there are no known current illnesses reported in the state . "  Families can take simple steps to protect themselves from exposure to this  amoeba  , the most important being to avoid allowing water to go up your nose while bathing or swimming in a pool , " state health officer Jimmy Guidry said in the release . "  It is important to remember that the water is safe to drink ; the  amoeba  can not infect an individual through the stomach . " The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection . They include headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the CDC website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " The state released a list of precautions residents could take to lower their risk of infection . Among them : Do n't allow water to go up your nose while swimming , bathing or washing your face ; lower yourself carefully into tubs and pools to avoid splashing ; avoid playing in sprinklers or on Slip 'n Slides ; run taps for five minutes before use ; use boiled or distilled water for sinus rinse solutions and neti pots ; and be sure to keep swimming pools and hot tubs disinfected . Officials say the Mississippi 4-year-old who died in St. Bernard Parish in August had been playing on a homemade waterslide made of a long sheet of plastic when he contracted amoebic meningoencephalitis . In 2011 , a woman , 51 , in DeSoto Parish and a 20-year-old man near New Orleans died after rinsing their sinuses with neti pots , the Department of Health and Hospitals said . Officials say fewer than 1 % of patients survive the deadly brain infection caused by the amoeba , but an experimental drug from the CDC has shown promise in fighting it . Kali Hardig , a 12-year-old in Arkansas , survived after contracting the amoeba in July , possibly at a Little Rock , Arkansas , water park . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and David SImpson contributed to this report .	Brain-eating amoeba found in DeSoto Parish District where amoeba was detected serves almost 5,000 people Parish will flush system with extra chlorine for 60 days Health officials say water safe to drink , but it keep it away from nasal passages
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With tensions rising between the United States and Turkey over a resolution that labels the World War I-era massacre of Armenians by Turkish forces "  genocide , " many are asking why the House is debating the resolution now . Rep. Tom Lantos says passage of the genocide resolution would help restore America 's moral authority . The House Foreign Affairs committee voted 27-21 Wednesday to approve the nonbinding resolution , which declares that the deportation of nearly 2 million Armenians from the Ottoman Empire between 1915 and 1923 -- resulting in the deaths of 1.5 million -- was "  systematic " and "  deliberate , " amounting to "  genocide . " The Democratic leadership has not scheduled a final vote . Administration officials have lobbied against the resolution , saying good U.S-Turkish relations are vital to U.S. forces in Iraq . The Pentagon says 70 percent of the military 's cargo heading into Iraq either flies into or over Turkey . But House Democrats view the resolution as part of their mandate to restore America 's moral authority around the world . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Thursday said arguments that Turkey is too vital an ally to alienate has delayed the resolution for too long . Watch Speaker Pelosi defend the timing of the debate " "  I 've been in Congress for 20 years . And for 20 years , people have been saying the same thing . " Pelosi said Thursday . "  There 's never a good time . And all of us in the Democratic leadership have supported ... reiterating the Americans ' acknowledgement of a genocide . " "  As long as there is genocide , there is need to speak out against it , " she added . And one of the chief supporters of the resolution , House Foreign Affairs Chairman Tom Lantos , D-California , was unmoved by the administration 's arguments that Turkey would block the use of U.S. airbases on Turkish soil . "  The Turkish government will not act against the United States because that would be against their own interests , " he told CNN . "  I 'm convinced of this . " Lantos , the only member of the House who is a Holocaust survivor , says passage of the resolution would also help to bring a moral dimension back to U.S. foreign policy . "  One of the problems we have diplomatically globally is that we have lost our moral authority which we used to have in great abundance , " Lantos said . "  People around the globe who are familiar with these events will appreciate the fact that the United States is speaking out against a historic injustice . This would be like sweeping slavery under the rug and saying slavery never occurred . " But Democrats are not united behind the measure , Armed Services Committee Chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , has sent a letter to Pelosi on Thursday opposing the resolution , saying the resulting backlash threatened by Turkey could disrupt "  America 's ability to redeploy U.S. military forces from Iraq , " a top Democratic priority . And the top Republican in the House , Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Thursday that bringing the resolution up for a final vote would be "  totally irresponsible . " "  The fact is that Turkey is a very good ally of the United States . They are critical to our security , not only her to but our troops oversees , " Boehner said . "  Let the historians decide what happened 90 years ago . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Resolution labels 1915-1923 massacre of Armenians in Turkey "  genocide " House Democrats say resolution will help restore America 's moral authority Administration says resolution would hurt relations with Turkey , a key ally
Tokyo  CNN  -- On the outskirts of Tokyo , behind a small government building , underneath a soccer field and skateboard park , sits a remarkable feat of engineering . It 's an example of how Japan 's capital , which lies in a region at high risk from flooding and tropical cyclones , is trying to figure out how to contain the elements to protect its 13 million inhabitants . The entrance , which is locked at all times , is so nondescript a visitor may walk past dozens of times without ever noticing it . But today , we are given a tour down below of the so-called "  Water Discharge Tunnel . " Built between 1993 and 2006 at a cost of nearly $ 3 billion , the stunning complex is far more impressive than its name suggests . Winding down a series of stairs , you soon come upon a massive hall , resembling an underground Parthenon , or a scene out of a science fiction film . In pictures : Sandy 's trail of destruction The initial water tank stretches more than 320 feet in length and towers higher than a five-story building . When you add it all up , the complex features five massive shafts , or tanks , that are able to move water along a tunnel that stretches nearly four miles . Special : Tokyo battles the elements In this area of Saitama prefecture , heavy rains would often flood the Naka River Basin . But now , that valuable farmland has an incredible drain system sitting below . When the tanks and tunnel fill , engineers are able to turn on the heart of the system , which is a series of four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those used in a Boeing 737 airplane . The turbines are then able to rapidly funnel floodwaters to the nearby Edo River . It 's worth noting that this part of suburban Tokyo can hardly be compared to the dense underground of New York City , which is a maze of subway tunnels , sewage systems and power lines . The engineers here are the first to point out that their system , while remarkable , is meant to deal with heavy rains -- and that it would struggle to cope with a Sandy-type storm surge coming from the Atlantic Ocean into New York 's Upper Bay . Still , the underground marvel could inspire engineers to look for new ways to try to contain Mother Nature in the future . Huge plugs could have spared subways from flooding , developers say	Japan 's "  Water Discharge Tunnel " complex drains floodwater into Edo River Underground complex is higher than five-story building , stretches nearly four miles System 's heart is four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those in Boeing 737 plane
Lebanese singer and actress Sabah , one of the Arab world 's most prolific entertainers with a career spanning more than six decades , died Wednesday in Beirut , Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency reported . She was 87 . Born Jeanette Feghali in Lebanon in 1927 , Sabah recorded some 3,000 songs and acted in more than 80 Arab films , according to Lebanon 's Daily Star newspaper . The popularity of Sabah , born to a Christian family , transcended religious lines in a country nearly torn apart by a civil war between Christian and Muslim militias from 1975 to 1990 . "  Lebanon and the Arab world lost a valuable artist with the demise of the great diva Sabah , whose departure from this world turned a page on our bright cultural heritage , " Prime Minister Tammam Salam , a Muslim , said in a statement , according to the Daily Star . Former President Michel Suleiman , a Christian , hailed Sabah as a performer who represented Lebanon 's national and humanitarian values abroad , according to NNA . And Lebanese Druze leader and lawmaker Walid Jumblatt said that with her death , "  an entire golden era of Lebanon 's past comes to an end , " the Daily Star reported . Sabah 's career took her around the globe , including to New York , where she performed as a guest soloist as part of a concert that rented out Carnegie Hall 's main auditorium in May 1970 . Married at least seven times , she is survived by a son and a daughter , Lebanese news media reported . People we 've lost in 2014	Sabah recorded 3,000 songs , acted in more than 80 Arab films , Lebanon 's Daily Star reports She was born Jeanette Feghali in Lebanon in 1927 Her popularity transcended the country 's religious divisions
CNN  -- If you grew up in the 70s , 80s and 90s , there 's a good chance that whole portions of your brain are still clogged up with the jingles , catchphrases and slogans that defined a golden era of television advertising . But in a new age of digital , on-demand and recorded viewing , when the fast-forward button is a weapon of choice , there are signs the 30-second TV advertisement could be on its way out , perhaps sounding the death knell for a marketing tool that became part of the cultural landscape . It already appears to be happening in some countries . In 2009 , Britain became the first major economy to spend more on online marketing than on television , with the internet accounting for 23.5 % of all ad money , compared to TV 's 21.9 % . This is bad news for TV ad connoisseurs who , as the 30-second slot evolved from basic product promotion into a sophisticated medium producing cinematic masterpieces and some of the sharpest humor ever broadcast , have come to revere them as works of art . Anyone doubting the power of these should cast their mind back to the adverts of their youth . There are generations of Americans who consider the "  Nestea Plunge " a normal way to enter a swimming pool and for whom the words "  plop plop , fizz fizz ... " will always mean Alka Seltzer . Likewise few Britons of a certain age can listen to Bach 's Air on a G String without thinking of deadpan cigar advertisements . Nor can they forget the bizarre Martian robots that mocked earthlings for peeling potatoes rather than eat instant mash . And then there were the Guinness ads . In a league of their own , these multi-million dollar wide screen epics barely made any reference to the beer they were marketing , instead relying on moodily-lit images of surfers facing tides of white horses , or convicts taming wild mustangs . In a post-economic crisis world , big spending on television ads now seems out of place . Smaller budgets , coupled with new digital viewing habits , have led to numerous predictions about the imminent extinction of the 30-second slot . But in a turnaround that few in the industry predicted , television advertising seems to be enjoying a renaissance , helped by rapid expansion in developing countries and by the platform that was once considered TV marketing 's sworn enemy -- the internet . "  A lot of research is showing it is on the way back in , and if you look at some of the most successful campaigns of the past year or so , they 're all TV commercials , " said Chris Arnold , a former creative director at Saatchi & Saatchi who now runs the Creative Orchestra agency . Forecasts back this up . Statistics produced by the Magnaglobal data mapping agency show that while worldwide internet advertising budgets will grow 12.5 % annually to $ 117.5 billion by 2016 , TV spending will also rise between 6 % and 9 % annually to $ 243.3 billion . "  Great TV commercials are still the epicenter of a lot of stuff , " said David Droga , head of Manhattan-based ad agency Droga5 . "  People started inventing tech to avoid advertising so advertising has to get better which is a good thing . It puts the onus back on advertising to do better by the consumer . Not just bombard them into submission , but actually earn their attention . Inform them , entertain them , and respect them . " Some internet developments are actually helping drive viewers back to old watching habits . The popularity of "  double screening " -- using Twitter or other networking tools to chronicle what they see on TV -- is believed to be boosting the size of audiences watching in real time . Advertisers can also harness the internet to give TV slots greater impact , allowing them to focus budget on production instead of paying for air time . A recent ad by British dairy firm Yeo Valley featuring rapping farmers ran once in a primetime slot but enjoyed 1.8 million YouTube hits . While the United States , Japan China , Italy and Brazil are currently the world 's largest television advertising markets , much of the industry 's growth is now focused in developing countries where internet penetration is comparatively low . Emannuel Alozie , associate professor of media communications at Governors State University in Illinois and author of "  Marketing in Developing Countries , " says television still counts for up to 80 % of advertising budgets in nations like Kenya , Nigeria , China , India and Argentina . "  It is still a growth area in these countries , but they are still lacking in terms of expertise and technical abilities , " he said . "  Television is big and with radio it is the dominant form , and I do n't think we 're going to see what we see in the West with the internet . " But , says Martin Sorrell , chief executive of WPP -- the world 's largest advertising group -- this could change as cell phones offer cheap ways to access the internet , even in developing countries , and thus a perfect new platform for advertising . "  It is true in the West , internet and mobile new media , social networking is more important from an advertising and marketing services point of view , but the speed of adaptation of the faster-growing markets is going to be greater because mobile has leapfrogged the PC as a cheap form of accessing the internet , " he said . Such developments are n't worrying the ad men just yet . Says Arnold , even as technology advances , advertisers should n't forget that many people still choose to passively consume television in the old fashioned way . "  People are still sitting there comatose in front of the TV and it 's a really good place to flog stuff to them . "	UK has seen more advertising money spent on the internet rather than TV Academic says television is still dominant form of advertising in developing world Industry experts says digital era has raised TV advertising 's game
CNN  -- South African icon Nelson Mandela was in good spirits on Christmas , even though he was in the hospital , President Jacob Zuma said . "  He was happy to have visitors on this special day and is looking much better , " said Zuma , who visited Mandela in a Pretoria hospital Tuesday . "  The doctors are happy with the progress that he is making . " Mandela , 94 , has received round-the-clock care since an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . He was hospitalized for a lung infection on December 8 ; and on December 15 , he had successful endoscopic surgery to have gallstones removed . Mandela , the former South African president , has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted in his country . The Nobel Peace Prize winner spent 27 years in prison for fighting the oppression of blacks in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . South Africa last month launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front .	President Jacob Zuma says Mandela looks better "  The doctors are happy with the progress , " Zuma says He was hospitalized for a lung infection on December 8
CNN  -- Check-in applications for your smartphone are all the rage ; even Facebook has gotten into the game with its new "  places " feature . But not all location-based apps are created equal -- or even with the same goal in mind . Enter CauseWorld , a location-based platform that allows you to turn your shopping into charity . Made possible in part by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers ' iFund , which funded 14 business plans out of the thousands it received , the company that created CauseWorld has capitalized on the check-in craze to turn marketing dollars into charitable donations -- donations that reached an impressive milestone . CNN talked with Cyriac Roeding , the co-founder and CEO of Shopkick , which created CauseWorld . The following is a transcript that has been edited for length and clarity . CNN : Describe CauseWorld . ROEDING : It is the first app that lets you do good deeds simply for checking into a store . Every time you check in , you earn what we call Karma Points . These karmas turn into real money contributions to charities . There are 30 different charities on CauseWorld . The 30 charities range from feeding a family in America , behind that is the Feeding America charity ; or helping to fight cancer , that 's Lance Armstrong 's LiveStrong organization ; or helping an earthquake victim in Haiti that goes through the Red Cross ; all the way to feeding a chimp in Africa , or if you 're more on the green side of things , you can plant a tree in a rainforest with American Forest . So there 's a whole range of different causes on the application . The simple way to earn these karmas is to check in to stores and restaurants as you go about your shopping day . CNN : How does the check-in process work ? ROEDING : So you open the app , and by GPS , it pulls a list of stores that are closest to you , and then you can click on them , tap on them and check in , and you earn like FIVE karmas , 10 karmas . Then you can go to the "  Cause Mall " and select the cause you are most passionate about , and then your karmas turn into actual money contributions to one of these charities that you selected . And the coolest part is , you do n't have to pay for this . The money comes from big brands like Citibank , Procter & Gamble , Kraft Foods and Sears , who have together provided more than a million dollars in marketing money that consumers turn into charity donations . That 's kind of the interesting piece from a business perspective . This money would have never gone into charity . This is marketing money ; this is not philanthropy money . The reason the big brands provided the money was because they reach consumers in a really passionate moment . If you were the chief marketing officer of a big corporation , would you rather put your money into billboards or into feeding a family in America or helping an earthquake victim and at the same time reaching consumers in really positive special moment when they make that contribution ? CNN : How did CauseWorld originate ? ROEDING : CauseWorld is the result of us wanting to get into the market of mobile location-based shopping applications . We were trying to figure out the answer to a simple question : Are consumers really interested in doing something besides texting and talking on their cell phones while they are out shopping ? We were working on our flagship product -LSB- Shopkick -RSB- in the background , but what we wanted to do was make sure we put something in front of consumers really quickly and understand what they like to do . And we thought of the notion of CauseWorld as the perfect way to do that . CNN : How did you come up with the idea ? ROEDING : We came up with it by saying : How can we give meaning to the check-in ? Because honestly , what does the check-in mean today ? There are only so many places I want to let my friends know where I am . The question is not what happens at the check-in , but what happens after the check-in ? What is the check-in standing for ? We 're saying : What if you could actually change the world by going shopping ? That 's CauseWorld . The result was that CauseWorld became the fastest-growing location-based retail application in the entire app store . 550,000 downloads in five months . And 40,000 consumer ratings -- people love this app . We have donated close to a million dollars .  Shortly after the interview Shopkick notified CNN that it had reached the million dollar milestone . CNN : Who decides where the money goes ? ROEDING : You decide it . Big brands provide the money ; consumers decide where the money goes . The money can go anywhere . CNN : What do the brands get out of this ? ROEDING : The brands get multiple things . First , they reach the consumer in a really passionate moment , because the consumer does something they care deeply about . You 're planting a tree , for example , or you 're feeding a family -- and then it says on your phone , "  Made possible by Kraft Foods " or "  Made possible by Citi . " And then you can let your friends know about it , and it goes all the way into the Facebook feed , and the average number of friends on Facebook per person is 130 . Now , do the math ; that leads to a CPM rate -LSB- the cost to show the ad to 1,000 viewers -RSB- of less than $ 6 . If you do advertising on a billboard or a magazine you pay $ 10 to $ 50 CPM , and you have not fed a family , you have just paid for a billboard . CNN : What are the brands ' reactions to this ? ROEDING : They like it so much , they have doubled down . Citibank has already put more money into the whole operation . Kraft Foods is excited about it . CNN : What is Shopkick ? ROEDING : Shopkick is basically the selfish version of CauseWorld . The points go to yourself , they 're called kickbucks , and you can spend them on anything you want . You can donate them to charity if you like , or you can rack them up for yourself . CNN : So what are some of the achievements that CauseWorld has reached ? ROEDING : We 've provided clean water for 80,000 people for a month in Sudan . 41 million liters of clean water in developing countries for children . Offset 5 million pounds of carbon . 315,000 meals to people in the U.S. Helped plant 88,000 trees . Donated 36,000 books to children . Provided 42,000 pounds of food to hungry chimps . Rescued 190 animals that were victims of animal cruelty . Provided netbooks to a sixth-grade classroom in Chicago , a second-grade class in Southern California and one in Virginia . The American Red Cross has received more than $ 100,000 for Haiti . So this is actually serious impact . It was just a trial -- we thought we 'd just have a few thousand users -- turns out more than half a million in just a few months . It 's just amazing really , because the check-in actually means something . As long we get donation money , we will keep donating .	With the CauseWorld app , users check in at stores and get points Then they use the points to donate to charities The donations come from big brands ' marketing funds
CNN  -- Heavy snow in northern Japan claimed the lives of eight people over the weekend , while a blizzard forced a high-speed bullet train to derail . In one incident , a woman and her three children were found dead on Saturday after becoming trapped in their car in Nakashibetsu , a town in eastern Hokkaido prefecture , police told CNN . Authorities believe they died of carbon monoxide poisoning as the car 's engine was left running and filled with exhaust fumes . The vehicle 's exhaust pipe and windows were buried under snow . A 23-year-old woman , also from Nakashibetsu , died Sunday after she was found collapsed on farmland near the town . Police said she had abandoned her car , which was found a few hundred meters away . Elsewhere in the region , a 53-year-old man and his nine-year-old daughter were discovered unconscious after being buried in snow on farmland near Yubetsu in Monbetsu district . The father was pronounced dead at hospital , but his daughter is now conscious and does not have any life-threatening injuries , police said . The two went missing after leaving their home Saturday afternoon in a truck to visit a friend of the father . Police and rescue workers found the truck on a road Saturday evening and the man and his daughter Sunday morning . According to local media , the father had covered his daughter with his body to try to warm her under heavy snow . The bodies of two other men -- ages 74 and 54 -- were also found outside Sunday . They are believed to have gotten lost after leaving their snow-trapped cars , and police say the elder man froze to death ; the other 's man 's death is under investigation . Meanwhile , a six-car bullet train en route from Tokyo to Akita on the high-speed Akita Shinkansen line derailed on Saturday afternoon after the front wheels of the train 's first car left the track in blizzard conditions near Daisen in Akita prefecture . Nobody on board was injured , and the service resumed on Monday , a spokesperson for operator JR East told CNN . Local media reports said the train remained in the same spot for six hours in snowy weather with 130 passengers stranded inside . Investigators from JR East are looking into the cause of the incident .	Woman and her children found dead in their snow-trapped car Four other people in Hokkaido prefecture froze to death during weekend High-speed train derailed in blizzard conditions in Akita prefecture
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Little Banafsha wakes up in her small mud home , has a cup of tea and braces herself for the day ahead . An exhausted Banafsha takes a moment 's rest from begging for bread . She is just 11 years old , but she is the breadwinner for her family . Literally . Without the bread that she begs from strangers , she , her sisters , her baby brothers and her mom would all go hungry . Her father is a drug addict , focused only on his next high ; her mom cares for the little ones , and heavy responsibility falls on Banafsha 's young shoulders . Every day , she heads far from her home , trekking up and down steep hills to the wealthier parts of the Afghan capital , where she can but hope richer people will take pity on her . She is not bitter , explaining : "  My two younger sisters also work . They beg for bread and sell gum . There 's no choice . " When she gets to the Wazir Akbar Khan district , a hangout of diplomats and aid workers , she unwraps her folded rice sack . "  Sir , do you have some bread ? " Watch Banafsha and other Afghan kids ask for help " Banafsha clutches the bag tight as she walks from building to building , eyeing who will help and who will not . "  Sir , do you have some bread ? " she asks again . This is her recitation for the next six hours , as she darts around in her worn blue plastic sandals , knowing that danger could be there at any turn , even in this more affluent neighborhood . "  A few days ago , some girls were kidnapped around here , and many people have gone missing . The girls ' mother still comes around here looking for them , but they still have n't been found , " Banafsha says . This time of the year , the sun begins to set at 4:30 p.m. in Kabul . But Banafsha continues to roam the dark streets . The 6 o'clock rush hour is her peak business time . Her eyes well with tears , but she does n't allow them to fall , quickly wiping them away and biting her thumb like the vulnerable child she is . She prays every day : "  I say , ` God , take me out of this poverty and have my father go work so I can go to school . ' " She dreams of being a teacher , and for three hours a day , she gets to be a little girl with big dreams . On her way to beg , Banafsha stops off at a center run by an Afghan nongovernmental organization called Aschiana -- the name means "  nest " in Dari -- for a little education , a little recreation and a glimmer of hope . The first center opened in 1995 for 100 children . By June 2008 , Aschiana had eight centers catering to 7,600 children in the capital city of Kabul alone . The group thought it had secured a major source of funding in March this year , but the money never arrived . Four centers had to be closed in June , sending 4,000 children back to the streets without their three-hour reprieve . Inside , Banafsha and the other children get to laugh . In every room there is a sense of serenity , whether the children are practicing brush strokes for calligraphy , tumbling around in judo or gliding their little fingers over the harmounia , a type of piano used in music class . For now , the center is surviving on small private donations , but it is not enough . Aschiana stopped providing food for the children at three of the remaining centers because they could n't afford it . Without that relief , even more children head back to the streets to beg for the smallest morsels to fill their empty stomachs . On a good day , Banafsha will trek back across the steep hills to the home she helped her mother build , with some bread in her bag and maybe 50 cents . At home , the work continues . As the eldest sister , she tends to her siblings . Her mother relies on her help ; her father is focused only on his next high . Finally , she will sleep . But tomorrow , Banafsha will walk down into the crowded city streets again , among the estimated 60,000 other street kids in Kabul , dreaming of a better life .	11-year-old girl begs for bread every day to feed her family She heads to richer Kabul neighborhoods , but danger is ever-present For 3 hours a day she goes to school , but funding crisis threatens that reprieve
CNN  -- The grief of any parent who loses a child is unimaginable . But that pain is amplified now in South Korea , due to the uncertainty over the fate of hundreds -- many of them children on a school field trip -- on a sunken ferry and how this east Asian nation 's culture copes with such heartache . For proof , one need look no further than hospital beds where some parents are hooked up to IVs because their sorrow is so great that they have refused to eat . Some say they do n't want to live . Families ' frustration : ` Nothing is changing ' "  If I do n't have my younger child , I want to jump in the sea , " one woman said . "  Thinking about my child in the sea , how can I , as a parent , eat or drink . I hate myself for this . " In South Korea , suicide is a real threat . It has the highest suicide rate among the 34 countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . Some point to South Korea 's ultra-competitive society or an unwillingness to accept failure as factors that contribute to this reality . Kin give out DNA It is a culture where shame carries a heavy burden , and where there is simply a societal acceptance of suicide . Officials have made mental health workers available to the families , but despite the enormity of the tragedy , they find themselves not busy . "  No one came to us for counseling . The families do n't care about their safety or well-being , " said Han Kee Rae , a psychology volunteer . Counselors hope more people will come for help , especially in light of the high number of suicides in the country . There are fears that some may follow the example of Kang Min Kyu , the vice principal of Seoul 's Ansan Danwon High School . The 52-year-old Kyu was among the first to be rescued from the sinking ship . Then , two days later , he was found hanging from a tree . Police said he used a belt to apparently hang himself from a tree near a gymnasium in Jindo , where the distraught relatives of missing passengers have been camping out . In a note , Kang wrote that the field trip had been his idea and that the deaths of the students were his fault . His suicide is hardly the first , nor the most high-profile , in recent memory in South Korea . Former President Roh Moo Hyun jumped to his death in 2009 in the wake of a financial scandal . And Hyundai Group Chairman Chung Mong Hun leaped from a building in the midst of a corruption investigation in 2003 , ending his life . Wherever it leads , the despair was palpable at the site where grieving family members of the capsized ferry 's passengers have been gathering . For some , the sadness is mixed with anger . And desperation abounds . As one woman , during a briefing by maritime officials , shouted : "  How are we going to live now ? " Families protest over rescue operation	Parents of students missing from the sunken ferry are grieving , desperate The students ' vice principal killed himself ; some fear others may do the same South Korea has a high suicide rate compared to other countries Mental health workers say no family members sought counseling near ferry site
New York  CNN  -- A New York man arrested in connection with the stabbing of two children in Brooklyn may be linked to another stabbing in a Manhattan subway , a law enforcement official told CNN Thursday . Police believe Daniel St. Hubert , 27 , was out on parole when he stabbed two young children inside an elevator -- killing one of them . St. Hubert was arrested by detectives around 8 p.m. Wednesday . He was arrested around the same time that Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce identified St. Hubert by name for the first time as the suspect in the attack . Detectives were obtaining evidence Thursday that could link him to a fatal stabbing on the subway in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan , the official said . Investigators were executing search warrants to see if he is linked to additional stabbings since his release from prison on May 23 , a law enforcement official said . Law enforcement has been involved with St. Hubert plenty in the past , including nine arrests , though police did not specify all the outcomes . The most recent instance was May 23 , when , Boyce said . St. Hubert was released on parole in connection to a domestic assault case . Nine days later , police believe he encountered 6-year-old Prince Joshua "  PJ " Avitto and 7-year-old Mikayla Capers inside an elevator at a public housing complex in Brooklyn . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the two children were "  on their way to get ice cream " at the time . For reasons authorities have n't yet explained , the two children were stabbed -- both in the torso . PJ Avitto was transported to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead . "  These parents are in such pain now , " de Blasio said . " ... I ask all New Yorkers to help in this investigation any way you can . Do it for this grieving family . Do it for all of us . " Police initially said Mikayla was in critical condition . Speaking Wednesday about her current state , the mayor said , "  She 's doing much better . She 's a strong young lady . " A knife believed to have been used in the attacks was recovered at the scene . A law enforcement official said Wednesday that DNA evidence from that knife helped police identify the suspect . Police Commissioner Bill Bratton , however , added later in the day that police "  said nothing about DNA " while insisting forensic evidence more generally helped lead them to the suspect . As the investigation continues , families of the two stabbed children struggled with the senselessness of the attack . "  Pray for her , and us . And pray for PJ 's family . This is senseless . I do n't know what monster would do something like this , " said Regenia Trevathan , the girl 's great-grandmother , to CNN affiliate WCBS . Scott Avitto , PJ 's uncle , similarly said the violence "  does n't make any sense . " "  We 're all just struggling , we 're trying to pull it together , " he added . "  Our family is strong , but we just want justice to be done . " Avitto was related to Taj Gibson , a forward for the Chicago Bulls . Gibson tweeted Monday morning : "  They killed my lil super man . #rippj only two more weeks until your 7 birthday . Tears forever . " Gibson also posted a picture of Avitto to his Instagram account . PJ 's godfather , Henry Alston , said the boy 's funeral will be Friday . Investigators are considering the possibility the suspect may be responsible for another fatal stabbing that occurred just two days earlier and blocks away . Tanaya Copeland , 18 , was found in the same neighborhood Friday night , unconscious and unresponsive with multiple stab wounds to her torso . Copeland was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital , police said . The close proximity of the incidents , as well as similarities in the type of weapons used , have led detectives to believe the two cases may be related . "  We have to proceed as if they are aligned , " Boyce said . "  The knives are very similar . The proximity is four blocks . We have a basic description of the male . " 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing friend CNN 's Kevin Conlon , Ray Sanchez , Adam Reiss and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities apprehend suspect in stabbing , 27-year-old Daniel St. Hubert NEW : Police say St. Hubert was out on parole tied to domestic assault since May 23 NEW : Mayor says injured 7-year-old girl "  is doing much better " Prince Joshua "  PJ " Avitto , 6 , was killed in the stabbing
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A blogger and political activist who has called for reform in the United Arab Emirates has not been heard from since he was taken from his Dubai apartment Friday , his wife said . About 10 men , including two wearing police uniforms , picked up Ahmed Mansoor from his apartment Friday afternoon , said his wife , Nadia . The men also took Mansoor 's passport and laptop and left without telling his wife where they were taking him or why . Lt. General Dhahi Khalfan Tamim , the commander-in-chief of Dubai police , said he was not aware whether Mansoor had been arrested , but promised to look into it . CNN has also sent queries to other Emirati officials inquiring about Mansoor but have not heard back . Earlier Friday , three men identifying themselves as police officers were at his apartment building , Mansoor wrote in an email . When he called police asking about the men , he said he was told they had come for his car . "  I told him if they want to take the car , they can do that in the morning , not 2:50 a.m. , " he wrote . The men left . That afternoon , the second group came and took him away . Mansoor was part of a group of 133 nationals who petitioned the president on March 9 for direct elections . The group included academics , former government officials , journalists and activists . The petition was addressed to President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan and the members of the Supreme Council of the seven Emirates that form the UAE . In addition to elections , the group asked that the Federal National Council be granted legislative powers . The body only works in an advisory capacity and has no regulatory powers . In March , the UAE announced that Federal National Council elections will be held in September .	About 10 mean pick up Ahmed Mansoor from his apartment , his wife says Dubai police promises to look into the matter Mansoor was part of a group that petitioned the president for direct elections
CNN  -- In just a few decades , Dubai has risen from relative obscurity to become a global leader in the world of aviation . Emirates Airlines , their national carrier , is the third largest airline in the world according to CAPA Center for Aviation , and at the rate it 's growing , it wo n't be long before it beats out Delta and United to the top the list . The city is host to one of the biggest events on the aerospace calendar : the biennial Dubai Airshow . The five-day show , which kicks off November 17 this year , will be held for the first time at the city 's new $ 32 million Al-Maktoum International Airport -- set to be the world 's largest on its 2027 completion . More : 9 unique Dubai restaurants The 2013 event is expected to be one of the most popular in the show 's history , with more than 1,000 exhibitors and 60,000 visitors already registered . "  The days where air shows were dominated by Paris and Farnborough are gone , " says Saj Ahmad , a chief analyst with StrategicAero Research . "  Dubai is home to Emirates and  budget carrier  flydubai , two of the fastest growing airlines in the world , and thanks to its ever-expanding airport -- which could push Heathrow down the rankings table next year -- Dubai has shown that the region is key to the aviation market . " Read more : The Middle East 's airport wars The Airshow , which first launched in 1989 , has become pivotal for plane manufacturers . Over $ 155 billion worth of deals took place at the 2007 show -- the largest figure for any global aviation event . That same year , Emirates ordered Â # 31.7 billion worth of Airbus A380s -- the biggest single order in airline history . In 2011 , Boeing received its largest aircraft order -- also from Emirates -- for $ 18 billion worth of 777-300ERs . "  The legacy of Paris and Farnborough are important . However , Dubai 's prominence as a venue for game-changing deals is one that the two European hosts will never match , " says Ahmad . Infographic : Super-sizing the Middle East 's airports Already there are mumblings of record-breaking orders planned for this year 's event . Likely , Boeing will unveil orders for their new 777X widebody jet , and there 's rumors that Emirates is planning to purchase 100 of the planes for upwards of $ 30 billion , while Abu Dhabi 's Etihad Airways is supposedly set to buy 25 to 30 . It should probably come as no surprise that aviation makes up a bulk of Dubai 's economy ; the industry accounts for nearly 20 % of Dubai 's workforce and 28 % of its GDP . It is becoming important in other countries in the region as well . Aviation contributes $ 11.4 billion to Qatar 's economy and more than $ 19.45 billion to Saudi Arabia 's . Read more : Inside Dubai 's A380 concourse "  The geographic position of the Gulf happens to be excellent in the 21st century economic context , " notes John Strickland , an independent transport consultant . "  Carriers like Emirates , Etihad and Qatar can access emerging markets in Africa , Asia and Latin America and connect them in a way that is meaningful to travelers , and that European carriers ca n't hope to copy . If you want to fly from Africa to China , in terms of lines on a map , it just does n't make sense to stopover in Europe . "	The Dubai Airshow matches Paris and Farnborough as an important aerospace event This year 's show will be held at the new $ 32 million Al-Maktoum International Airport In previous years , the show broke records for most deals made It 's rumored this year will break more records , as Emirates might buy $ 30 billion worth of Boeing 's 777X jetliner
CNN  -- Hope flickered in war-torn Afghanistan on Tuesday as national security forces formally took over security leadership and peace talks with the Taliban are now in the works . NATO-led troops transferred security responsibility to Afghan forces . The United States and an Afghan government group dedicated to peace and reconciliation will hold talks with the Taliban militant group in Qatar . "  I wish a long-term peace in Afghanistan , " Afghan President Harmid Karzai told his troops at a handover ceremony in Kabul . But a senior U.S. official said reconciliation is likely to be "  long , complex and messy " because trust between Afghans and the Taliban is extremely low . The latest moves could portend a hopeful chapter in the long and costly Afghan conflict . What do these developments mean for Afghanistan and the United States ? Here are some key questions that will be asked in the coming months : 1 . Are the Afghan troops up to the task ? There are certainly doubts . A Pentagon review in December found that only one of 23 Afghan army brigades was capable of functioning on its own . Meanwhile , literacy rates are low , desertion rates are high , and many deserters have joined the insurgency . There also have been a troubling number of "  green-on-blue " attacks : Afghan troops attacking their American comrades . But then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta spoke positively about the progress Afghans had made in growing their army , reducing violence and becoming more self-sufficient . At the time , Afghan forces were leading nearly 90 % of operations across the country . "  We 're on the right path to give  Afghanistan  the opportunity to govern itself , " Panetta said . Karzai has said he welcomes the U.S. troop withdrawal and insists his army can defend the country against the Taliban . "  It is exactly our job to deal with it , and we are capable of dealing with it , " Karzai said during an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . 2 . What are the conditions for peace ? Karzai seems eager to resume stalled peace talks with the Taliban and include them in the political process . The High Peace Council of Afghanistan -- a government group devoted to reconciliation and peace -- will go to Qatar and participate in talks with the Taliban , Karzai said Tuesday . The United States will have a first formal meeting soon in Doha , Qatar , after the Afghans and Taliban huddle , senior administration officials said . The meetings coincide with the Taliban opening an office in the Gulf nation of Qatar . For their part , the Taliban told reporters in Doha on Tuesday that they want to improve relations with the world . They are calling themselves the "  Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan . " The Taliban back "  supporting a political process and a peaceful resolution that will bring an end to the occupation in Afghanistan and establishing an Islamic and independent government in it " and forging "  true security , " a representative said . At the same time , the Taliban representative advocated the idea of political resistance . The United States and Afghanistan have several conditions the Taliban ultimately need to meet for a peace deal -- breaking ties with al Qaeda , ending violence and accepting the Afghan Constitution , including sections on women 's rights , senior administration officials told reporters Tuesday . Conditions also were outlined by the High Peace Council , with one senior official saying there was no place for violence while talks are ongoing . "  We are hoping the  number of  Taliban attacks go down or even stop after we start talks , " the official said . The first meeting between the United States and Taliban is expected to be an exchange of agendas and what each side wants to talk about , followed by another meeting in a week or two . One of the administration officials said foremost on the U.S. mind is hearing how the Taliban are going to cut ties with al Qaeda and urging them to talk seriously with the Afghan government . Exchange of detainees are expected to be on the agenda -- including Bowe Bergdahl -- the U.S. soldier believed to be in militant captivity . "  Peace is not at hand , " another senior official cautioned , adding there is "  no guarantee this will happen quickly if at all . " 3 . How big a threat do the Taliban still pose ? The Taliban are still "  resilient and determined , " according to a recent Pentagon report , and pose a major security threat . The Taliban continue to carry out high-profile attacks in the capital , Kabul , even targeting the Afghan Supreme Court during a suicide attack in June . Another strike targeted a building near Kabul airport . On Tuesday , a suicide bomber attacked the convoy of Haji Mohammad Mohaqiq , a member of parliament , killing three people and wounding 21 others . Three bodyguards were among the injured . Mohaqiq -- a Shiite and an ethnic Hazara -- is a member of Afghanistan 's political opposition . The Taliban regime in Afghanistan was sheltering al Qaeda when the terror network launched attacks against the United States on September 11 , 2001 . The next month , the United States cranked up military operations that led to the toppling of the Taliban government . Ever since , international forces have been fighting radical Islamic militants in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan . 4 . What are the biggest challenges ? The main fear among Afghans is that the country could revert to another civil war once the United States withdraws its combat troops . "  Some people we 've spoken to sort of take it for granted that there 's going to be a civil war when the United States leaves , " said CNN 's Erin Burnett on a trip last year to Afghanistan . "  It happened before when the Soviet Union left  in 1989  . " Above all , Karzai said the Afghan army needs the tools to battle the insurgents , namely more equipment and firepower . He came to the Pentagon in January with a wish list asking for more helicopters , drones and other hardware , according to a senior defense official . "  We need an air force . We need air mobility , " Karzai told Amanpour . "  We need proper mechanized forces . We need , you know , armored vehicles and tanks and all that . " Retired Army Gen. Stanley McChrystal , once America 's top commander in Afghanistan , said the Afghan people are "  terrified because they think they have something to lose . " "  There has been progress made , " he said . "  But they 're afraid that if we completely abandon them in 2014 , as they perceive we did in 1989 ,  things  would all go back . " 5 . What support will the United States and allies provide ? American forces , now at about 66,000 , are expected to dip to 32,000 by the end of the year and further throughout 2014 . The plan is to withdraw all combat troops but keep a residual force in the country to help train Afghans and carry out counterterrorism operations when needed . The size of that force is still being discussed . Gen. John Allen , the former commander of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , recommended between 6,000 and 15,000 troops . But that figure was lowered to a range between 2,500 and 9,000 , according to a defense official . The United States and NATO have pledged to continue to support and train Afghan forces in what NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen deems a "  new relationship , " starting in 2015 . Acknowledging that there is still much to do in the interim 18 months , Rasmussen said , "  Today , our shared goal is in sight . " CNN 's Ed Payne and Roba Alhenawi contributed to this report .	NEW : Afghanistan 's High Peace Council says there is no place for violence during talks NATO-led troops transfer security responsibility to Afghan forces Doubts remain about whether Afghan troops are up to the task There are fears the country could revert back to civil war
CNN  -- Dennis Rodman 's flashy visit to North Korea is just a big elaborate show . Do n't be fooled by it . The bizarre , seemingly lighthearted episode comes at a time when tensions are again running high and overshadows the pain and suffering faced by ordinary North Koreans . The regime is continuing its dangerous weapons tests , treating its population terribly and starving countless people . On Tuesday , North Korea issued new hostile threats , this time to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War in 1953 . The regime has made threats in the past , but the intensity of its recent belligerence is unusual . North Korea blatantly violated multiple U.N. Security Resolutions with its December 2012 rocket test and its third nuclear test in February . It has made hostile statements toward the United States and South Korea in reaction to the announcement of the new U.N. Security Council resolution that imposed more sanctions on the regime . Just when the situation seemed to be getting worse , the world suddenly saw the young leader Kim Jong Un receiving an American star with great hospitality and enjoying an afternoon of basketball . What this portrait lacks is the unimaginable level of the suffering of people inside the country who are deprived of basic human rights and food . The regime 's track record on human rights is even more ominous than its threats of rockets and nuclear weapons that often provoke the international community . North Korea 's history is marred by decades of unimaginable famine . In 2011 , Freedom House listed the regime as one of the seven worst violators of human rights in the world . It is a place where political prisoners languish in gulags , escaped defectors testify of cannibalism , and famines decimate the population . The latest reports indicate that the food situation appears to be somewhat improved . In a recent survey conducted by U.N. agencies , the prevalence of chronic malnutrition in children was 27.9 % and acute malnutrition was 4 % . These are not just numbers and statistics . Children 's growth and development is being permanently stunted . The impact of endless hunger and recurrent famine has tremendous long-lasting impact on the North Korean people . It has been estimated that 3.5 million North Koreans died of starvation in the severe famine of the 1990s . In its November 2012 crop and food security assessment , the U.N. predicted a gap of 207,000 tons of food this year in North Korea . This deficit exists in spite of planned imports and Chinese assistance . In human terms , this translates into a situation where about half the country 's most vulnerable population , those who are dependent on the regime 's public food distribution system for sustenance , are severely food insecure . The fact is that , even if North Korea 's harvests are improved this season , the public food distribution system is still extremely vulnerable to shocks , such as severe weather . At these levels of malnourishment , dramatic improvements to the system are still needed to ensure people are safe from famine caused by the next flood or severe drought . The world must be careful not to be blinded by congenial games and friendly speeches coming out of North Korea . It 's just a staged show . It does n't actually solve any of the problems the country is facing . Most importantly , such sideshows are not in the interest of the North Korean people . Some may contend that Dennis Rodman 's visit brought exposure to the regime , which may in turn translate to some benefits , whether it is improved business relations , better communication or more spotlight through other famous stars . However , the world should not be distracted by the dictatorship 's faÃ § ade and attempts at friendly gestures to lure other countries to start a dialogue or defuse the tensions it has created . Instead , the world needs to focus on the dire situation of the North Korean people and stay committed to finding solutions that will alleviate their hunger and improve their living situations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ellen Kim and Carolyn DuMond .	Ellen Kim , Carolyn DuMond : Dennis Rodman 's flashy visit to North Korea is just a big show Kim , DuMond : Bizarre episode overshadows the suffering of North Korean people They say the regime is listed as one of the seven worst violators of human rights in the world Kim , DuMond : The world must not be blinded by the facade , it should help the population
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican authorities announced Saturday the arrest of a drug kingpin -- nicknamed "  El Kilo " -- based in the country 's northeast and suspected of having links to the mass graves recently found in the region . Security forces have captured Martin Omar Estrada Luna , who is a presumed leader of the Zetas drug cartel in San Fernando , a town in the border state of Tamaulipas , the government said in a statement . No information was immediately provided on how , when or where he was detained . Mexico 's attorney general had previously identified Estrada Luna as one of three prime suspects behind the mass graves . Authorities began finding the graves earlier this month during an investigation into a report of the kidnapping of passengers from a bus in late March . The investigation led them to San Fernando -- the same place where in August of last year , the bodies of 72 migrants were found at a ranch . Officials recovered 10 more bodies from the clandestine graves Wednesday and Thursday , bringing the total number of bodies found to 126 , state attorney general 's spokesman Ruben Dario Rios Lopez said . In the wake of the grisly discovery , the Tamaulipas state governor appointed a new head of public security . Tamaulipas is one of Mexico 's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking . The Gulf cartel and the Zetas cartel operate in the state and have strongholds there . The Zetas have been blamed for the mass graves and also for the deaths of the 72 migrants found last year . One of its presumed members , Jose Manuel Garcia Soto , was arrested earlier this month and is a suspect in the killing of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata . Nationwide , the Mexican government says there have been some 35,000 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on the cartels in December 2006 . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report .	NEW : The Tamaulipas state governor appoints a new head of public security Martin Omar Estrada Luna has been captured , Mexico 's government says He is a presumed leader of the Zetas drug cartel in northeastern Mexico Tamaulipas is one of Mexico 's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking
CNN Student News  -- August 30 , 2013 As CNN Student News wraps up the week , we examine the U.S. and U.K. governments ' debates concerning possible action against Syria . We also report on a fast food workers ' strike and a settlement between the NFL and some former players . Plus , we delve into the Farmers ' Almanac forecast for a frigid winter , and we find out how a helmet can also be a necklace . Teachers , please note that CNN Student News will not air on Monday , September 2 in observance of Labor Day . The daily program will return on Tuesday . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What do you think is the most effective medium for getting the word out about the dangers of texting and driving ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What U.S. national park , which is home to Half Dome , Mount Lyell and El Capitan , was threatened by a massive wildfire ? 2 . What award was presented to U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Ty Carter this week for his actions in Afghanistan ? 3 . Who is the current U.S. Secretary of State ? 4 . What major U.S. city 's water and power supplies were threatened by the "  Rim Fire " ? 5 . What international organization conducted an investigation to determine whether chemical weapons have been used in Syria ? 6 . Who is the only surviving speaker of the 1963 March on Washington ? 7 . What is the atomic number of the recently studied element ununpentium ? 8 . This week marked the anniversary of what Gulf Coast hurricane 's landfall in 2005 ? 9 . What is the current federal minimum wage in the U.S. ? 10 . What professional sports league announced a settlement with former players regarding concussions ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria Europe Sweden FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A man who evaded the law for 34 years was sentenced to 36 to 40 years in prison Thursday for raping three women in Massachusetts in 1978 . Gary Irving , 52 , learned his fate in Norfolk Superior Court , the same court that convicted him more than three decades ago . Norfolk District Attorney Michael W. Morrissey expressed remorse to the women Irving raped and apologized for the long wait for justice . "  I am sorry that so much strength and perseverance was asked of you . That the courage and resolve you showed testifying in 1979 resulted in decades of continuing injustice . Today does not erase that injustice , but does end it , " he said after Irving 's sentencing . Irving will serve two consecutive 18 - to 20-year sentences with a 7 - to 10-year concurrent sentence on kidnapping charges . He will also serve 20 years ' probation for all other charges , said Norfolk district attorney 's office spokesman David Traub in an e-mail to CNN . "  We felt that the calculated brutality of these crimes , the repeated nature of these attacks , warranted a very long prison term . We are pleased that the court has now ordered a long prison term , " Morrissey said in a statement . In 1979 , Irving was convicted of three counts of rape with force , unnatural acts and kidnapping , Massachusetts State Police said . In one incident , Irving knocked the victim off her bike and took her to a secluded area , where he repeatedly raped her . During another attack , Irving threatened a victim with a knife if she did not comply with his sexual demands . A 12-member jury found him guilty on all counts . The judge -- new to the job -- offered him a weekend to put his affairs in order before reporting to jail . Irving never returned . Instead , he fled Massachusetts and landed on the state 's Most Wanted list , where he remained for 34 years . After he fled , Irving 's profile was featured on the TV shows "  America 's Most Wanted , " "  Unsolved Mysteries " and "  Real Stories of the Highway Patrol , " according to the Most Wanted poster . Police found Irving at his Gorham , Maine , home in March , where he had been living under the name Gregg Irving , the name of his younger brother , said Massachusetts State Police spokesman Dave Procopio in a statement . Police would not divulge what led authorities to Irving . Records show he had lived there since 2002 and perhaps since the mid-1980s , police said . Confirmation of his identity was made via a scar on his chest from heart surgery he underwent as a child and a fingerprint match , police said . CNN 's requests for comment from Irving 's attorneys were not immediately returned . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Rande Iaboni and Morgan Winsor contributed to this report .	Gary Irving is sentenced to up to 40 years in prison after 34 on the lam Irving was convicted of raping three Massachusetts women in 1979 He jumped bail and was found living in Maine using his brother 's name
The room exploded in cheers when it was announced that the Denza electric car would sell for RMB 369,000  $ 59,100  , at the Beijing Auto Show earlier this week . A joint venture between German giant , Daimler , and Chinese electric vehicle makers , BYD , the Denza is the latest car to take advantage of China 's push to put more green vehicles on its roads . It will start selling in September . Denza 's affordable price places it at the opposite end of the market from its competitor , Tesla , another China-focused green model that is twice the cost at RMB 734,000  $ 117,500  . The government is helping to boost Denza 's attractiveness with subsidies of up to RMB 120,000 that can be deducted from each vehicle , says Daimler . The move could bring China one-step closer to widespread adoption of green wheels . The issue of pricing , however , is n't the largest obstacle to selling electric vehicles in China . Consumers say their cities are lacking a well-established battery-charging infrastructure . Green cool To combat escalating levels of air pollution , the Chinese government is promoting low-emission vehicles to the average driver , and has set a target of putting five million electric cars on the road by 2020 . Many incentives are in place to encourage consumers to adopt green car technology , such as a RMB 60,000 cash handout to buyers of electric cars . Despite this , most drivers are still hesitant to go green . Less than 7,000 electric and hybrid vehicles were sold in the first quarter of 2014 . Convenience , affordability , and style still trump environmental concerns for most of China 's young car buyers . "  I am afraid I will run out of electricity on the road and get stranded , " says Zhao Bi , a thirty-something fashion designer who lives in China 's capital . Electric vehicle makers will typically install a charging station at a driver 's home , so cars can fuel up overnight . Drivers worry that would make trips beyond their nine-to-five routine impossible . "  I was thinking of owning a Tesla . It is cool , eco-friendly , and high-speed , " says Wang Yiquan , a 27-year-old media professional also living in Beijing . Wang has been driving a Volkswagen Passat for the past two years . He is looking for a smaller car that will make parking easier , but he 's also looking for a "  younger and cooler " brand of car to be seen in . As a Beijing resident , Wang must apply for a license plate through a lottery system designed to limit the number of cars on the road . However , Daimler says its Denza will be exempt from this system and buyers in Shanghai and Shenzhen can even get free license plates . In the end , Wang decided not to buy an electric car this year -- like many of his peers . "  I just do n't see charging stations in or outside of Beijing , " says the driver . Electrifying network There are signs that this will all change soon in China . The national electricity supplier , the State Grid Corporation , has built 19,000 electric vehicle charging piles and 400 charging stations by the end of 2013 . It also said in March that it is open to working with private investors in developing fast-charging stations for electric vehicles . The Beijing municipal government also said earlier this month that 12 property developers have signed an agreement to co-operate with car companies in installing charging facilities at residential buildings and shopping malls . Independent of the State Grid Corporation , Tesla is boosting consumer confidence with a promise to build a network of several hundred charging stations and service centers across the nation , the premium vehicle 's CEO , Elon Musk , said while handing over the keys to his first eight Chinese buyers in Beijing on Tuesday . If these measures succeed , China 's green roads revolution may be just on the horizon .	Denza is an affordable electric vehicle that taps the Chinese mass market Government hopes to put 5 million green cars on the roads by 2020 Nationwide network of charging stations may soon be reality
CNN  Greece is so closely linked to summer vacations that it rarely features in winter escape plans . That 's a shame , because while it rules the Mediterranean in the heat of July and August , it 's also got some pretty cool moves in the dead of December . Falling temperatures sprinkle new magic on stone-built villages lost in deep forests and medieval castles built into that beautiful Greek coastline . Throw vibrant cities into the mix , along with buzzing ski resorts -- yes , ski resorts -- and a whole new perspective of the country opens up . Here are six classy places to consider for a Greek winter getaway . For romantic escapes : Aristi Mountain Resort Hotel & Spa  Zagorochoria , Aristi A hidden mountainous treasure in the Epirus region of northwestern Greece , Zagorochoria is a complex of 46 stone-built villages . This parkland ecosystem is where locals take special guests to illustrate their ideals of natural beauty . Scenic mountain roads and traditional arched stone bridges interconnect tiny villages filled with guesthouses and little cafes . Aristi Mountain Resort , in the village of Aristi , is ideal for exploring the region . Located atop the village , the resort enjoys grand views of the "  Towers of Astraka , " the striking rock cliffs that dominate the skyline . Accommodation includes rooms scattered around a complex of stone buildings and three newly built villas . Its spa facilities feature an indoor heated pool with stunning views of the surrounding area , while its Salvia restaurant serves local specialties and fine Greek wines . Aristi Mountain Resort Hotel & Spa , Aristi , Zagorochoria , Epirus ; +30 26530 41330 ; winter prices from $ 136 per standard double room per night with breakfast For city breaks : The Excelsior Luxury Boutique Hotel  Thessaloniki The main hub for northern Greece , Thessaloniki is an all-year round destination . A hotspot , compact in size , the city 's Tsimiski , Mitropoleos and Proksenou Koromila streets are filled with fashionable boutiques . There are fancy bars along Valaoritou Street , and many restaurants in between . Its many engaging museums , important archaeological sites and byzantine monuments are an ideal winter cultural fix . Thessaloniki 's art deco Excelsior hotel is a destination in itself , housed in a historic building right in the heart of the city , a few steps from the main Aristotelous Square . An opulent marble staircase leads upstairs to 34 rooms individually designed by a team of well known architects and featuring original art by young and emerging Greek artists . The Excelsior Luxury Boutique Hotel , 10 Komninon St. / 23 Mitropoleos Ave. 546 24 , Thessaloniki ; +30 2310 021 020 / +30 2310 021 000 ; winter prices from $ 175 per standard double room per night with breakfast For mountains and sea : Sakali Mansion  Pelion , Pinakates Hiking trails , villages and ski slopes with panoramic views of the Aegean Sea and the Pagasetic Gulf make Pelion a strong winter destination . The mythical mountain of Centaurs lies in the southeast part of the Thessaly region , forming a peninsula surrounded by water . Pinakates village , in west Pelion , looks like a scene from a painting , with stunning mansions and photogenic cobbled streets . One of them , Sakali mansion , is a stylishly renovated 18th-century building converted into an immaculate guest house . It features a heady blend of traditional architecture and warm hospitality , with a dash of chic . Its rooms feature original artwork , restored antiques , handmade rugs and fancy toiletries . Some also include fireplaces . The highlight is an antique-filled two-room suite with a king-size bed and wooden ceiling . It 's rich , burgundy interior looks out over great views of the surrounding area . Sakali Mansion Luxury Guesthouse , Pinakates , Pelion ; +30 6932 429150 / +30 24230 86560 / +30 210 9657584 ; winter prices from $ 125 per standard double room per night with breakfast For snowy scenery : Anerada Inn  Evritania , Megalo Horio Located in the heart of Greece , the Evritania region has traditional villages , stunning gorges , heavily forested mountains and historic monasteries . There 's plenty to do outdoors , including snow-fueled fun at Velouhi Ski Resort , on the slopes of Mount Tymfristos , followed by apres ski in the lively regional capital , Karpenisi . Nearby , plenty of attractive villages offer traditional guesthouses and boutique hotels . In Megalo Horio  "  big village "  , the Anerada Inn boutique hotel serves as an ideal base to explore the area . Both the interior and exterior of this getaway feature romantic country-style decor . The Garden Cottage is a two-story garden house with a fireplace that 'll come in handy on cold , winter nights . There 's also a well thought out wine selection . Anerada Inn boutique hotel , Megalo Horio , 360 75 , Karpenissi , Evritania ; +30 6944-505045 / +30 22370-41479 ; winter prices from $ 120 per standard double room per night with breakfast For year-round seaside escapes : Kyrimai Hotel  Mani , Gerolimenas Located on the middle of the three peninsulas of southern mainland Greece 's historic Peloponnese region , Mani stands at the meeting point of the Ionian and Aegean Seas . Home to more than 96 traditional villages , Mani is dotted with traditional tower houses , Byzantine churches , sheltered coves , gorges and a coastline that provides a dramatic backdrop for any winter road trip . There 's a local saying : "  You need three lives to fully understand Mani 's soul : one for its sea , one for its mountains and one for its people . " The Kyrimai Hotel helps visitors make a start on all of these . Built in 1870 on the small bay of Gerolimenas to give the area a commercial boost , the Kyrimai started life as a residence , an old shop , a warehouse and an imposing tower . Today , its been carefully restored and converted into a luxurious hotel run by the Kyrimis family . Protected by the Greek government , the building is listed as a unique historic monument of traditional Maniot architecture . Its tastefully decorated rooms , 23 in total , are all different in style . Kyrimai Hotel , Gerolimenas , Mani ; +30 27330 54288 ; winter prices from $ 100 per classic standard room per night with breakfast For dramatic scenery : Moni Emvasis Luxury Suites  Monemvasia In the southern Peloponnese , the old town of Monemvasia is one of Greece 's best-preserved Byzantine citadels . It 's a fairy tale-style castle , off limits to cars , located on a small islet linked to the mainland by a bridge . It looks as if it 's floating on the Myrtoon Sea . It 's surrounded by aristocratic mansions , churches , hammams , fountains and winding paths . Monemvasia 's important role during the Byzantine period is still evident in the walls that dive into the deep blue sea . Just 50 meters inside the castle town 's entrance , Moni Emvasis Luxury Suites features a restored complex of private , stone-built suites with views over the sea . Suites here feature limestone domed arches , vaulted and wooden beamed ceilings and handcrafted stone masonry . There are also amazonian showers with chromotherapy and spa bathtubs . Furnished , private balconies look out over the fortress , the town and Aegean Sea . Moni Emvasis Luxury Suites , Castle of Monemvasia , Laconia ; +30 27320 62122 ; winter prices from $ 207 per night Rania Margari is a freelance journalist with an interest in travel , food and lifestyle stories . Based in Lausanne , Switzerland , she 's been writing for Greek and international publications since 2004 .	Falling temperatures bring out a different side of Greece There are lively ski resorts and sleepy villages , as well as year-round coastal attractions to visit Thessaloniki , Greece 's northern hub , has hip bars and restaurants that make it ideal for city breaks
