CNN  -- A 15-year-old girl died and two other people were hospitalized with severe injuries after an amusement park ride in Barcelona , Spain , broke in midair , a city spokeswoman said . A young boy who was on the ride suffered minor injuries , but walked away from the twisted metal on his own , Barcelona spokeswoman Rosa Diaz said . The names of the victims have not been announced . The mechanical arm of "  El Pendulo "  The Pendulum  broke and the basket carrying the teens fell on top of the ride known as "  The Golden Mine , " said Sara Jaurriete , director of the Tibidabo amusement park . The park 's website describes El Pendulo as "  the ultimate free fall and the first of its kind in Spain . " The ride has a "  long articulated arm where passengers are taken up to 38 meters  124 ft  . From here , you are dropped in a free fall reaching 100kph  60 mph  in 2.8 seconds . Once you reach the bottom , the arm takes you through a 50-metre arc , " the park 's website says . The Pendulum has been in operation for the past four years , and it is billed as one of the park 's main attractions . About 4,000 visitors were in the park when the accident happened Saturday evening , Jaurriete said . The park will be closed on Sunday as an investigation begins .	A ride basket breaks in midair , falling onto another ride Two people are seriously injured ; another victim walks away with minor injuries El Pendulo ride is one of the main attractions at at the amusement park in Barcelona , Spain The park is closed Sunday as an investigation begins
CNN  -- I strongly believe being mayor is the public post in which you have the greatest opportunity to change peoples ' lives for the better . People live in cities , not states or nations . As a mayor , you are connected directly to citizens . And cities are increasingly the preferred place for most people to live . Today , half of the world 's population is settled in urban areas . By 2050 , seven out of 10 people will live in cities , according to United Nations projections . I like to say I have the best job in the world . Rio is an incredible place , a vibrant place , full of energy , culture and virtues . In the recent past , the city and its people seemed to be be headed down -- after 1960 , Rio was was no longer the capital of Brazil and it faced economic difficulties and bad public management , which helped aggravate urban problems such as poverty and violence . Watch Eduardo Paes ' TED Talk But those days are over , and that 's symbolized by the fact that Rio will host the fist Olympic Games in South America in 2016 . It was not easy to get there . Our Olympic bid had to be selected over strong candidates such as Madrid , Tokyo and Chicago . But the International Olympic Commitee found our proposal was the one that would leave the greatest legacy . With dedication , inspiration and professionalism we have shown that things can be done . TED.com : Jaime Lerner sings of the city Running a city is a great challenge . But it turns out that you do n't have to be powerful or rich to be innovative and find good forms of urban development . I believe there are four basic commandments that serve as pillars for building a better city : Commandment 1 -- A city of the future has to be environmentally friendly Rio is an energetic , vibrant place , full of beauty and nature . But we face the kinds of problems any developing metropolis does -- with pollution , traffic congestion , poverty . Distribution of green areas , for example , is not uniform . Madureira , the heart of the suburb in Rio , is a concrete jungle . You have to find open spaces and make it so people can get to them . We are building the third-largest park in the city in Madureira , the temperature will drop 2 to 3 degrees centigrade . Every time you think of a city you have to think green , green , green . Commandment 2 -- A city of the future has to deal with mobility and integration Cities are packed with people . How can you move people around effectively ? High-capacity transportation usually requires a lot of money . A solution we found was Bus Rapid Transit  BRT  , presented by a former mayor of Curitiba , Jaime Lerner . You transform a bus so that it functions virtually as a train car , with dedicated lanes and the same comfort and features as a subway station . A kilometer of BRT costs 10 times less than a subway and it gets built much faster . We will see the proportion of Rio 's population served by high capacity transportation rise from 18 % today to 63 % by 2015 . TED.com : Why the world needs charter cities Commandment 3 -- A city of the future has to be socially integrated In Rio , 1.4 million of the 6.3 million people live in favelas , or slums . They are all over the city but favelas are not always a problem -- sometimes they can be a solution , if you have the right public policies . What you need is to change from a vicious circle to a virtuous circle : Bring basic services inside the favelas with the same high quality you have in richer areas . The second aspect is to create open space in the favelas and develop infrastructure . By 2020 , Rio aims to have all its favelas completely urbanized . Commandment 4 -- A city of the future has to use technology We use technology to be flexible . In Rio we built a Center of Operations , a situation room that gathers information from municipal departments and allows us to manage and help decision-making . I can check the weather , the traffic and the location of city 's waste collection trucks . Each of 4,000 buses in the city has a camera connected to the situation room . That help us manage emergencies and extreme situations . At the end of the day , when we talk about a city we are talking about a gathering of people . We can not see that as a problem . The city of the future is a place that cares about its citizens and brings them together .	Eduardo Paes : More than half the world 's people now live in cities Paes : Cities must be environmentally friendly , must find answers to congestion , pollution Rio is using "  bus rapid transit " as an alternative to building costly subway lines , he says He says cities must be integrated socially , must take advantage of technology
CNN  -- Senegal 's Demba Ba scored twice on a dream debut as English FA Cup holders Chelsea won 5-1 at Southampton in their third round tie Saturday . Ba was one of the first big signings of the January transfer window and immediately proved his worth after his new side had fallen behind to their English Premier League  EPL  counterparts through an early Jay Rodriguez goal at St Mary 's . He equalized as he touched home Juan Mata 's shot before Victor Moses made it 2-1 and Branislav Ivanovic headed a third . Ba 's second and his team 's fourth after an Eden Hazard assist sealed victory , which was rounded off by a penalty from Frank Lampard late on . The FA Cup is football 's oldest cup competition , dating back to 1871 , and Chelsea have a superb recent record in the competition , winning four of the last six stagings , including a 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley to lift the famous trophy last year . Interim manager Rafa Benitez , criticized for resting key players as they lost 1-0 - to QPR in midweek , was delighted Ba led the way as they got back on track . "  It is always important for a striker to score goals , but more than just the goals was his contribution for the team , " Benitez told ITV Sport . Ba 's former side Newcastle United became the first high profile team to exit a competition famous for upsets . They were beaten 2-0 at second flight Brighton , who had also put them out last year . Goals in each half from Andrea Orlandi and Will Hoskins put the skids under Alan Pardew 's men , who have slipped alarmingly down the EPL in recent weeks and have a lengthy injury list . A sorry afternoon was rounded off when striker and captain Shola Ameobi was sent off for a second yellow card . The other big upsets saw non-league Luton put out second flight Wolves , while Cardiff , who look set for promotion to the EPL , were beaten 2-1 by lowly Macclesfield . EPL leaders Manchester United , the record 11 time winners of the competition , were also close to going out at West Ham in the late kick off . They trailed 2-1 at Upton Park after a pair of headed goals by James Collins , but the prolific Robin van Persie , on as a late substitute , equalized in injury time . The Dutchman converted after a superb crossfield pass from veteran Ryan Giggs . Tom Cleverley put United ahead in the 23rd minute , but new Hammers signing Joe Cole provided two fine crosses for Collins to give the home side the lead . Tottenham Hotspur , among the favorites for the competition , thrashed third flight Coventry 3-0 at White Hart Lane . Spurs were shocked by Coventry in a famous 1987 final , but there was to be no repeat as United States international Clint Dempsey scored twice in the first half . Gareth Bale , returning after suspension , grabbed the other to confirm his fine form for the side managed by former Porto and Chelsea boss Andre Villas-Boas . EPL champions Manchester City also eased through with a 3-0 home win over Watford . Mario Balotelli , under the spotlight after his training ground tussle with manager Roberto Mancini , came off the bench to set up the third for Marcos Lopes . In Spain , La Liga resumed after a Christmas break and Deportivo La Coruna made a great start under new coach Domingos Paciencia with a 1-0 win over fourth-placed Malaga . A second-half Luis Pizzi strike took the off the bottom of the standings . Leaders Barcelona are in action Sunday . In Serie A , Lazio cut the gap on leaders Juventus to five points with a dramatic 2-1 win over nine-man Cagliari . Abdoulay Konko 's 79th minute strike equalized Marco Sau 's opener for Cagliari before a late penalty from Antonio Candreva sealed the three points . Cagliari had goalkeeper Michael Agazzi and midfielder Andrea Cossu sent off in the penalty incident .	Demba Ba double as FA Cup holders Chelsea win 5-1 at Southampton Ba 's old side Newcastle shocked by second flight Brighton Robin van Persie late equalizer for Manchester United at West Ham Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City ease through
Mental Floss  -- In his victory speech on Tuesday night , Barack Obama promised his daughters Sasha and Malia that they 'd get to bring a new puppy with them to the White House in January . President Bush 's dog Barney , left , plays in 2001 with Spot , the offspring of George H.W. Bush 's dog Millie . It 's a good thing Obama said "  Yes , we can " to the girls ' request to getting a dog ; for all of his charm , ability , and oratorical flair , he could never be our nation 's chief executive without a White House pet . Counting Obama , the country has had 44 Presidents , and only two of them -- Chester A. Arthur and Franklin Pierce -- left no record of having pets . Like Obama himself , the family pooch will have some big shoes to fill . Previous White House pets have set the bar pretty high . iReport.com : What pet would you want if you lived in the White House ? Here are a few of our favorites : Watch Obama on "  mutts like me " " 1 . Billy : Calvin Coolidge 's pygmy hippopotamus Calvin Coolidge may have been known for his reticence , but he showed little of his trademark reserve when it came to acquiring pets . After taking over the presidency upon the death of Warren G. Harding , Coolidge assembled a menagerie that would rival most zoos ' collections . He had six dogs , a bobcat , a goose , a donkey , a cat , two lion cubs , an antelope , and a wallaby . The main attraction in his personal zoo , though , was Billy , a pygmy hippopotamus . Watch new baby pygmy hippo " Billy was born in Liberia , but was captured at a young age . He came into the possession of tire mogul Harvey Firestone , who gave Billy to President Coolidge as a gift , possibly because Firestone did n't want to feed the critter .  Even a pygmy hippo is still quite rotund ; Billy was six feet long and weighed upwards of 600 pounds . Coolidge donated Billy to the Smithsonian National Zoological Park . Because there were only a handful of pygmy hippos in the U.S. at the time , Billy quickly went to work as a stud , an endeavor at which he found some success . He sired 23 little hippos , and many of the pygmy hippos you see in American zoos today are his offspring . Mental Floss : 7 crafty zoo escapes 2 . The White House gators Herbert Hoover wanted to put a chicken in every pot , a car in every garage , and ... a gator in the Oval Office ? It 's true . Hoover owned a slew of dogs , but those were n't his only pets . His second son , Allan Henry Hoover , owned a pair of gators that were occasionally allowed to wander around the White House grounds . Sound crazy ? Blame John Quincy Adams for setting the precedent . The sixth president also had a pet gator . His was a gift from the Marquis de Lafayette ; it lived in a bathroom in the East Room of the White House . According to some reports , he enjoyed using the gator to scare his guests . 3 . Fala : FDR 's traveling companion What do you get the Depression-conquering president who has everything ? A lapdog . In 1940 Franklin Roosevelt received a Scottish Terrier puppy named Big Boy as an early Christmas gift from a family friend . FDR immediately realized that Big Boy was no name for a presidential companion and rechristened the pooch Murray the Outlaw of Falahill , after a Scottish ancestor . For the sake of simplicity , though , he called his new pal Fala . After that , Fala became FDR 's inseparable companion and traveled everywhere the President went . The dog "  gave " $ 1 a day to the war effort , generosity that earned him the rank of honorary private in the Army . Each morning when FDR 's breakfast tray came in , it included a bone for Fala . Fala also made a famous appearance in one of his master 's speeches . When FDR was decrying personal attacks from his political opponents , he jokingly said that it was okay to mock him , but leave Fala alone . "  You know , Fala is Scotch , and being a Scottie , as soon as he learned that the Republican fiction writers in Congress and out had concocted a story that I had left him behind on the Aleutian Islands and had sent a destroyer back to find him -- at a cost to the taxpayers of two or three , or eight or 20 million dollars -- his Scotch soul was furious . "  He has not been the same dog since ! " Fala stayed with FDR until the President 's death in 1945 and lived in the care of Eleanor Roosevelt until his death in 1952 . Mental Floss : 6 utterly loyal dogs 4 . Millie : Literary sensation When George H.W. Bush took office in 1989 , he brought his pet springer spaniel Millie to the White House . The bubbly canine won over the nation 's heart so completely that she even collaborated with the First Lady on Millie 's Book : As Dictated to Barbara Bush . Millie brought further joy to the Bush family when she gave birth to a litter of six presidential puppies in 1989 . Just as her master helped slip one of his boys into the White House , so did Millie : when George W. Bush moved into the Oval Office , so did his dog , Millie 's son Spot Fetcher . 5 . Barney , Miss Beazley & India : The current residents Sadly , Spot Fetcher had to be put down in 2004 , but the Bushes are n't pet-deprived now . They have a pair of Scottish Terriers named Barney and Miss Beazley , both of whom have websites and appear in White House-produced web videos .  Your tax dollars adorably at work !  The Bushes also have a black cat named India , who also goes by "  Willie . " Watch Barney bite a reporter " The name India rankled some citizens of the country of the same name to the point that many Indians supposedly named their dogs "  Bush . " The name was n't meant to be controversial , though ; the Bushes merely named their cat after Ruben "  El Indio " Sierra , who played for the Texas Rangers while George W. owned the team . Spot Fetcher was similarly named after former Rangers middle infielder Scott Fletcher . Other first pets of note : Mr. Reciprocity and Mr. Protection -- Benjamin Harrison 's two opossums . Harrison 's son Russell also had a pet goat named Old Whiskers . Pauline -- The last cow to live at the White House . She made milk for President Taft 's consumption . Old Ike -- To save cash during World War I , Woodrow Wilson brought in a flock of sheep to take care of the White House 's groundskeeping duties . Old Ike , a ram , supposedly chewed tobacco . Laddie Boy -- Warren G. Harding 's beloved Airedale who had his own seat at Cabinet meetings and gave a 1921 "  interview " with The Washington Post in which he talked about Prohibition and shortening the workday for guard dogs . Liberty -- Gerald Ford 's golden retriever hung out in the Oval Office and could supposedly read a sign from Ford that she should go be affectionate to guests -- a cute and cuddly way to gracefully end the President 's conversations . Socks and Buddy -- President Clinton 's faithful cat and the chocolate lab he acquired while in office . Socks did n't like Buddy 's youthful friendliness , so the two pets had to be kept separated at all times . The tensions were so bad that the family could n't keep both pets at the end of Bill 's second term , so Socks went to live with Clinton 's secretary , Betty Currie . Gamecocks -- Ulysses S. Grant supposedly kept some gamecocks at the White House . Two tiger cubs -- Martin Van Buren received the cats as a gift from the Sultan of Oman . Congress supposedly made him give the gift to a zoo . Satan -- One of Abigail Adams ' unfortunately named dogs . She called the other one Juno . Jonathan Edwards -- Theodore Roosevelt received this black bear cub as a gift from supporters in West Virginia who gave the bear the name , he wrote to a friend , "  partly because they thought they detected Calvinistic traits in the bear 's character . " Dr. Johnson , Bishop Doane , Fighting Bob Evans , and Father O'Grady -- Teddy Roosevelt 's kids also had these tremendously named guinea pigs . Josiah -- Roosevelt also had a pet badger , of course . Bonus trivia : Checkers Nixon 's dog was immortalized in the "  Checkers speech , " which Nixon gave while facing allegations of illegal campaign contributions . He said the only gift he 'd accepted was a cocker spaniel named Checkers for his daughters . Mental Floss : Why was the ` Checkers speech ' so important ? Checkers , however , was never the White House dog . This scandal bubbled up while Nixon was Eisenhower 's running mate in the 1952 election , and Nixon gave the Checkers speech to convince Republicans to keep him on the ticket . Although the speech was a success and Nixon later made it to the White House , Checkers never got to be First Dog ; he passed away in 1964 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Barack Obama promised puppy for girls ; past presidential pets have been strange What the heck ? First lady Abigail Adams had a dog named Satan President Harding 's dog gave "  interviews " and had a seat at Cabinet meetings Original name of FDR 's dog : Big Boy ; President Grant had fighting gamecocks
Moscow  CNN  -- Keen , bright-eyed and earnest , the little boy answers the Russian investigator 's questions enthusiastically , as if describing a cartoon , not sexual abuse . "  He took off my underwear and photographed me , " says the victim , whom Russian authorities are not allowing to be identified . The boy goes on to describe sexual abuse at the hands of his own father . Without this testimony , child advocates say , it would be impossible to convict the man , whose trial begins later this year . In Russia , possessing child pornography is not a crime and laws that govern child exploitation are weak . Government authorities say the majority of sexual crimes against children are never reported or investigated . Those are among the reasons that even the Russian government admits the country is a world leader in the production of child pornography . Russian lawmaker Elena Mizulina has been painstakingly shepherding a bill through the country 's parliament that would finally protect children . "  For the first time people will be held criminally responsible for storing child pornography even if they do n't distribute it . To this day , you ca n't punish anyone for that " in Russia , Mizulina said . The bill has now passed its second of three readings in Russia 's State Duma , the lower house of the legislature . The law ca n't come soon enough for victims . According to Russia 's Investigative Committee , more than 800 cases of sexual abuse were reported in the first three months of this year , an increase of 13 % . "  Analysis of such crimes indicates that sexual assaults against the integrity of minors and their rights and freedoms is mostly stemming from the lack of control by parents , guardians , as well as officials of educational institutions and local government officials , " said Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Investigative Committee . Yet even with stronger laws , it is the testimony of young children that will ultimately bring punishment to those who prey on children . Yevgeny Tsymbal , director of a Children 's Psychology Center in Moscow , told CNN that weak laws and lack of evidence usually help the abusers avoid detection and punishment . "  These crimes usually go on for a long time , " he said , adding that because physical signs of abuse are often not apparent , "  these crimes are very rarely discovered . " The Internet is also a haven for child pornographers in Russia . This week , the Kremlin 's child advocate , Pavel Astakhov , spoke in favor of a more stringent policy to force Internet providers to take responsibility for child pornography sites hosted on their servers and social networks . "  A person who wants to find this content on the Internet , this person can do it pretty easily , " said Mark Tverdynin , director of Saferunet.ru , an initiative that is trying to scrub the Russian Internet clean of child pornography . The charity says it shut down as many as 7,000 such sites this past fall and winter . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko has contributed to this report .	Possessing child pornography is not a crime in Russia , and child exploitation laws are weak The country is a world leader in the production of child pornography Russian lawmaker Elena Mizulina is trying to get a law passed
William "  Kyle " Carpenter lost most of his jaw and an eye when he fell on a grenade to shield a fellow Marine from the blast . His body shattered , one lung collapsed , Carpenter was nearly given up for dead after that 2010 Afghanistan firefight . Then he spent 2 1/2 years in a hospital as doctors worked to rebuild his body . But if you think he 's bitter , think again . "  I look back , and I 'm actually very appreciative I had those two and a half years , because those years put things in perspective more than a whole lifetime of things could if I was n't there , " Carpenter said . On Thursday , he became the eighth living veteran of combat in Iraq and Afghanistan to receive the Medal of Honor , the nation 's highest military award . President Barack Obama presented the medal at a White House ceremony . Carpenter was wounded in Helmand province , Afghanistan , on November 21 , 2010 , while serving as a machine gunner , according to the White House . Carpenter and another Marine were manning a rooftop position during a firefight with Taliban insurgents when a hand grenade landed nearby , the Marine Corps said . Carpenter rushed toward the grenade and his body took most of the blast , according to the Marine Corps . The other Marine , Lance Cpl. Nicholas Eufrazio , was also injured . In a Defense Department video , Carpenter said he had to be revived while being evacuated by helicopter from the battle and was labeled dead on arrival at a field hospital . He later nearly died again at Walter Reed Army Medical Center , he said . "  The enemy killed me . I came back , ran a marathon , completed a mud run and jumped from a plane . I wo n't ever quit . I am just getting started , " he said in the video . Carpenter , medically retired from the Marine Corps last year , is now a student at the University of South Carolina . After braving gunfire to save comrades , Army vet gets highest U.S. military honor	Retired Marine Cpl. William "  Kyle " Carpenter receives award for valor He took a grenade blast in Afghanistan while shielding a fellow Marine He will be the eighth living Iraq , Afghanistan veteran to receive the award "  I am just getting started , " he says
CNN  -- Will he stay or will he go ? Wayne Rooney will be staying at Manchester United , declared David Moyes during his first press conference as manager of the 20-time English champions . Speculation has surrounded the England striker 's future since the final part of last season , with former United manager Alex Ferguson suggesting Rooney had handed in a transfer request . "  Wayne is not for sale , " Moyes , who signed a six-year contract to replace Ferguson in May , told reporters . "  He is a Manchester United player and will remain a Manchester United player . "  I see a glint in his eye . He looks happy , he looks like he will knuckle down and get himself right . " Moyes , who is United 's first new manager in 27 years , has the unenviable task of following in the footsteps of Ferguson , who led United through the most successful era in the club 's history . The recently-retired Scot guided United to 13 Premier League titles , four FA Cups and two European Champions League wins -- in 1999 and 2008 . Former Celtic defender Moyes explained how the first he knew of his imminent career move was when Ferguson informed him he would be replacing him . "  I 'm retiring , next week , you are the next Manchester United manager , " Moyes explained he had been told by Ferguson . "  The blood drained from my face . I was really shocked but incredibly thrilled . "  It was incredible when I met him . Within half an hour , he was talking about the squad , players and the staff . I was sworn to secrecy . " Ferguson will remain at the club as a director and ambassador and Moyes dismissed suggestion his compatriot 's presence could undermine the new regime . "  I hope Sir Alex Ferguson is sitting in the directors ' box , " said Moyes . "  He 's been so good . I 've already called him for advice a couple of times on a couple of matters . " Moyes has brought a raft of new coaches from Everton to United , but he has attempted to remain true to his new club 's identity with two new appointments . Veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs , who has spent his entire professional career with United , has been given the position of player-coach after 23-year trophy-laden years with the club . Moyes has also appointed United academy graduate Phil Neville to his coaching staff , having worked with the former England international for eight years at Everton . Retired midfielder Paul Scholes was also approached , but the former playmaker declined the position . "  I spoke with Paul Scholes as well . He felt he wanted to have some time off with his family , " explained Moyes . "  I felt the right person was Ryan Giggs and he has been great . He has been on his UEFA pro licence course -- a European coaching qualification -- and after two days you can see how incredible a footballer he is . Ryan is taking steps forward and to get him and Phil Neville together is great . "	Man Utd manager David Moyes says Wayne Rooney is not for sale Rooney has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford in recent months Moyes holds first press conference since replacing Alex Ferguson Moyes appoints Ryan Giggs and Phil Neville to the United coaching staff
CNN  Gospel Kazako knows that sometimes it 's best to follow the light . The eldest of eight children , the Malawian entrepreneur had a typical upbringing in the southern town of Zomba . One night , sitting out on his parents ' veranda , he spotted a mysterious light flashing atop nearby Mount Mpigi . He asked someone about it , who told him it was a radio transmitter . "  I got very fascinated , " Kazako recalls . A lifetime obsession was instantly born , setting the young boy on a path that would see him transmitting to millions of people every day and eventually becoming a major media mogul . High school and a diploma in journalism later and Kazako found employment at Malawian state radio MBC . There , he produced a variety of shows but after seven years he left to set up his own company , which created adverts , features and documentaries for other radio stations . Kazako 's ambition would take him further ; first he was at the helm of his own station , Zodiak Radio  Malawi 's leading privately-owned station  , and later on he successfully expanded into television . The process was arduous and required no small measure of perseverance . Here , Kazako tells CNN how he fought his way to the top , why it 's important to look back , and how ethics are at the core of his business . Perseverance is key . Whilst running his production company , support from clients bolstered Kazako 's belief that he could go it alone and set up his own station . Things did n't start well . "  In 2002 I applied for a license and it was rejected twice . In 2003 I applied again -LSB- but -RSB- it was also rejected , " Gospel says . In 2004 , and at the fourth attempt , he was granted a national broadcasting license . He was ready to go as soon as it arrived -- "  By that time I had bought around three transmitters , " he cheekily admits . Start small but always think big . "  We started very , very simple , with very , very simple gadgets , " Kazako explains . "  When people -LSB- came to -RSB- the studios they were fascinated . ` Are you broadcasting to the whole country using these simple gadgets ? ' I said yes . "  We continued , struggling , expanding . We started with five transmitting sites ... now we have I think over 34-35 transmitting sites across the country . " Being the largest private radio station in Malawi was not enough for Kazako . After nine years in radio he wanted a new challenge and decided to expand into television . "  Realizing the dream of running or owning a television station -LSB- was -RSB- a very , very difficult journey , " he says . "  The day we switched on the television ... expecting that every moment , any second , we 're going to see a Zodiak signal ... I do n't know how to describe it ... it was a very , very emotional moment . " Businesses should be ethical . Gospel says Kodiak 's mission was always clear . "  From the onset we told ourselves that we are going to be a radio station that should be fair , balanced , ethical , professional and non-partisan . A station that was going to be one that everyone must trust . "  I feel I have a personal responsibility as a broadcaster , as a journalist , to ensure that people are well informed . So they can make decisions about their future ; decisions about their lives . " Everybody should have a voice in society . " -LSB- Radio -RSB- is a very powerful tool that can change people 's lives , " Kazako says . "  It 's a voice , loaded with information . It 's a voice with content that can be used effectively to change how people think , to change -LSB- the -RSB- attitudes of the people , to change so many things . " Gospel is now using his station to help others . In 2007 he introduced the Zodiak Girl Awards , recognizing the best female students in high schools . "  I have always been a very strong believer that for us to move forward everybody must be included . And when I say everybody , this includes women . You can not talk about human rights without women rights . " "  For us to develop as a country we need to make sure that we are not leaving our women behind , " Gospel argues . The awards , which are now paired with international university scholarships are "  empowering our women , " he says , "  empowering our girls through education . " Humble beginnings should not restrict you . "  I did n't grow up with a lot of resources around me , " Kazako explains . "  I know the pains of sleeping with an empty stomach ... I know the pains of sleeping on a railway line without a blanket ... I know the pains of almost having nothing . " Speaking of the media empire he has built , Kazako is self-deprecating . "  Anybody can do this . I 'm like you ... Wherever you are in -LSB- your -RSB- corner of the world , you can become someone . In the very small corner that you are , take off fear and believe in your idea . Believe in your idea , work very hard , and make sure -LSB- it -RSB- is going to happen ... Sometimes it can be very frustrating , sometimes you feel you are bashing a dry hard wall , sometimes people look at you like a crazy fellow , but just believe and keep on walking . " Read more : African poetry goes mobile Read more : Meet Nigeria 's beauty guru More from African Voices	The entrepreneur grew up with little , but a love of radio gave him the incentive to improve his circumstances Denied a radio license three times , he eventually set up what would become the biggest private radio station in Malawi After nine years in radio Kazako transitioned into television , maintaining a focus on ethical businesses The station supports female students in Malawi and has an scholarship fund sending women to international universities
CNN  -- The pastor of a Maryville , Illinois , church was shot to death during a service Sunday in front of horrified church members who then tackled the gunman , state police said . The Web site for the First Baptist Church of Maryville , Illinois , includes a photo of the Rev. Fred Winters . Fred Winters , the pastor of the First Baptist Church , was shot and killed during the 8 a.m. service , and the attacker and two church members suffered knife wounds in the attack , authorities said . The gunman entered during the service and walked up to the pulpit . Winters and the gunman apparently exchanged words before the 27-year-old man fired four shots , hitting the pastor 's Bible and then the pastor , said Illinois State Police Director Larry Trent . "  The only thing we know is that the suspect said something to the pastor , and the pastor said something back to him -- we do n't know what that was , " Trent told reporters Sunday afternoon . "  It was almost as if the pastor may have recognized him , but we 're not sure about that at all . " The gunman 's .45 - caliber pistol jammed after he shot Winters , Trent said . The man then pulled out a knife before being tackled by some of about 150 worshippers attending the service in southern Illinois , near St. Louis , Missouri . Watch the aftermath of the church shooting " Earlier reports from authorities said the man may have turned the knife on himself , but Trent said that was not confirmed . "  When he was tackled by two of the members , we do n't know whether he fell on the knife , injuring himself at the time , or whether -LSB- his injury -RSB- was self-inflicted during the struggle , " Trent said . Two of those who went after the attacker suffered injuries that are n't life-threatening , while the suspect 's injuries are "  very serious , " Illinois state police spokesman Ralph Timmins said . Witness Claudia Bohley told CNN affiliate KSDK-TV in St. Louis that she was in the church 's foyer waiting for the service to begin when she heard "  pop , pop , pop . ... We just could n't imagine what had happened . " She said she ran into the sanctuary and saw what looked like paper scattered on the pulpit . She said she was later told that a bullet hit Winters ' Bible . "  It was like confetti . It went everywhere , " she said . "  People were down on their knees and on the floor , screaming and praying . " She described Winters -- who is pictured on the church 's Web site along with his wife and two children -- as "  such a pleasant pastor . " Trent said police are still trying to determine a motive in the shooting and that church members did not recognize the gunman . St. Louis University Hospital spokeswoman Laura Keller told CNN three males , including the suspect , were brought to the hospital . One was dead on arrival , she said , but the hospital was not releasing names and ages . She said the second was in an operating room and the third was the suspect , whose condition was not immediately available . Trent said one of two wounded church members was treated and released . Trent called the actions of the two wounded church members "  heroic , " saying they took quick action when others "  were understandably stuck to their seats . " Phone calls to the church office went unanswered Sunday . A posting on the church 's Web site said a prayer vigil would be held at 6 p.m. at Metro Community Church in Edwardsville , Illinois , about six miles north of Maryville . First Baptist Church is fairly large , with about 1,000 members , KSDK reported . The church holds four Sunday services . Timmins said many of the people attending the service remained for hours afterward , as police were conducting interviews . The Illinois shooting is believed to be the nation 's first in a church since July , when a 58-year-old man opened fire in a Knoxville , Tennessee , church during a children 's play . Two people were killed and six wounded in that shooting at Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church . In the Tennessee case , Jim Adkisson told police he targeted the church because of its "  liberal teachings , " according to court papers . Adkisson pleaded guilty last month in a deal that allowed him to avoid the death penalty and will face life in prison without parole , court officials said . Police said the Maryville congregation had a plan in place , including a protocol for lockdown , in the event of an incident such as Sunday 's attack .	Church members tackle gunman after shooting , police say Suspect 's injuries are "  very serious , " police spokesman says Police looking for motive in Illinois church attack that killed pastor
CNN  -- A Thai politician accidentally shot and killed his former wife and personal secretary with a submachine gun in a restaurant in northern Thailand , local police said Monday . Senator Boonsong Kowawisarat was dining with Chanakarn Detkard and four others on Sunday when he took out an Uzi 9mm sub-machine gun , police said . "  Senator Boonsong 's gun was accidentally fired off while he was trying to keep his pistol into its case . The shot went straight into his secretary who was having dinner , " Police Lt. Colonel Choosak Pulsawat told CNN . The police officer said that Boonsong had been separated from his wife for a while but they were currently living together . He added that Boonsong had permission to own such a weapon . Police have initially charged Boonsong with causing death by negligence but he can not be arrested while the Thai parliament is in session -- unless the parliament rules otherwise . The Bangkok Post said the charge carries a maximum sentence of 10 years imprisonment and a 20,000 baht fine  US$ 640  . The newspaper said that Boonsong was so shocked by the shooting that he was unable to take Chanakarn to hospital . It is not clear why he was armed , why he took the weapon into the restaurant or whether he knew the gun was loaded . Boonsong is a senator from Mae Hong Song province , which borders Myanmar . The incident took place in Phrae province , also in northern Thailand . Gun ownership is common in rural Thailand but owners require a permit from the Ministry of the Interior .	Thai politician accidentally shoots former wife and secretary over dinner , police say Senator Boonsong Kowawisrat was carrying an Uzi sub-machine gun He has been charged with causing death by negligence Parliamentary immunity means he can not be arrested
CNN  -- Big Ben , arguably the world 's most famous clock , celebrates on Sunday 150 years of keeping London on time . The British landmark has lived through war , bad weather and disasters . Big Ben 's distinctive bongs have been a part of the London scene for 150 years . Big Ben is the 14-ton bell inside the world 's largest four-faced chiming clock , although most people use the name to describe the tower that houses it . The clock is perched on a 96-meter  310-foot  elegant tower at the Westminster Bridge end of the Palace of Westminster . The Victorian masterpiece , which provides distinctive chimes known as bongs , was voted Britain 's favorite monument in 2008 . It has been featured in films such as "  101 Dalmatians " and "  Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix . " Big Ben has been disrupted a few times over the years for various reasons , including weather and breakages . Its bongs went silent for about two months in August 2007 to allow a crew to repair its mechanism system . During that time , the rest of the clock was running on an electric system . It was fully restarted again October 1 . The clock pays tribute to Britain 's royal history : It has a Latin inscription of the phrase : "  O Lord , save our Queen Victoria the First . " The ornate masterpiece has some quirky features . The hour hand , which weighs 300 kilograms  661 pounds  , is made of gun metal while the minute hands are made of copper sheet . The minute hands would not work when they were first made of cast iron because they were too heavy . The clock started working on May 31 , 1859 , after the lighter copper hands were installed . The origins of the landmark 's name are obscure . Some say it was named after the 1850s heavyweight boxer Ben Caunt while others suggest it was named after Sir Benjamin Hall , a former member of parliament . Hall , the commissioner of works in 1859 , was responsible for ordering the bell . Alan Hughes , the director of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry that made the bell , prefers the latter . "  I suppose I like it chiefly because it was a nickname of a man who was big and loud and pompous , and never used one word if 27 would do , " he said in a 2008 interview . Hughes ' company also made America 's Liberty Bell and a number of others for cathedrals and churches around the world .	London 's Big Ben turns 150 years old on Sunday Last year , Victorian masterpiece was voted Britain 's favorite monument No one is quite sure where the clock 's moniker came from
CNN  -- Two goals in five minutes at the start of extra-time helped defending champions Egypt book their place in the African Nations Cup semifinals with a battling 3-1 victory over Cameroon . The game , though , was marred by a controversial third goal by midfielder Ahmed Hassan which was allowed to stand by referee Jerome Damon despite replays showing the ball had clearly not crossed the line . By that time the Pharaohs ' captain , who was winning a record 170th cap for his country , had already scored an own goal to put the Indomitable Lions ahead after 26 minutes . Hassan scored again at the other end to pull his side level with a powerful long-range strike before half-time which eventually forced the game into an additional 30 minutes in Benguela . Substitute Mohamed Gedo then capitalized on an error from Geremi Njitap to put Egypt ahead in extra-time , before Hassan 's controversial strike handed them a two-goal cushion . To make matters worse for Paul Le Guen 's Cameroon , Aurelien Chedjou was sent off late on as the north Africans set up a tantalising last-four clash with old foes Algeria . Cameroon took the lead following a spell of intense pressure . A succession of Achille Emana corners had the Egyptian defence wobbling -- and the seventh one resulted in Hassan 's weak-header on the line dropping into his own net . Cameroon pressed for a second goal but were taken by surprise when Hassan unleashed a fierce 35-yard strike in the 37th minute that deceived goalkeeper Carlos Kameni before finding its way in . Emad Moteab could have won the game for Egypt right at the death after he was picked out at the back post by a sweeping pass from Hassan , but the Al-Ahly forward could only find the side netting as the game entered extra-time . However , Hassan Shehata 's side wasted no time in killing off the tie going 3-1 up after 95 minutes -- after being gifted both goals . The first came when Geremi 's poor back-pass from the right was intercepted by Gedo , who and tucked away with ease through the legs of Kameni two minutes after the resumption . The second seems certain to land South African referee Damon in the spotlight after Hassan 's free-kick from the left was pushed onto the underside of the crossbar by the Espanyol goalkeeper and did not cross the line when it hit the ground . However , it was still allowed to stand much to the dismay of the Cameroon players . It also seemed to knock the stuffing out of Le Guen 's men as they failed to create any major openings in the closing 25 minutes . To add insult to injury , Chedjou was shown a straight red for hauling down last-man Gedo midway through the second period of extra-time with Egypt going on to seal a memorable win . Meanwhile , Nigeria became the fourth team to reach the semifinals after defeating Zambia in a dull final quarterfinal showdown in Lubango . Neither side could find the net after 90 minutes and 30 minutes of extra time , but Nigeria progressed 5-4 on penalties and will now face near-neighbors Ghana in the last four on Thursday . Goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama scored the decisive penalty for Nigeria after Thomas Nyirenda had missed for Zambia . Enyeama dived to his right to stop Nyirenda 's penalty after Sikombe Chivhuta and Christopher Katongo and Emmanuel Mayuka had all scored for Zambia . Obefemi Martins , Victor Nsofor , Peter Odemwingie , and John Obi Mikel all scored for Nigeria .	Defending champions Egypt book their place in the African Nations Cup semifinal in Angola Egypt score two goals in extra time to secure a battling 3-1 victory over Cameroon on Monday Nigeria become the fourth team tor each the last four stage , setting up a clash with rivals Ghana
CNN  The University of Virginia and its campus police department are investigating a new report of a sexual assault in a campus residence as the college community struggles with how to move forward and improve its sexual assault policies after coming under national scrutiny . It 's the first report of a sexual assault on campus since the controversial and widely questioned Rolling Stone article , published in October , that depicted the brutal gang rape of a woman named Jackie . It 's also the only reported sexual assault in the university police public reports since the start of this 2014-2015 school year , according to a CNN review of records on its website . There are few details about this newest case . A statement sent to students on Thursday said police were notified by the Dean of Students "  about a sexual assault incident reported to have occurred on January 30 , 2015 , in a residence hall on-Grounds . " The notice said police were notified on February 5 , six days after the incident . Before the uproar over the Rolling Stone story , UVA policy allowed student victims to decide whether or not police were contacted after a sexual assault . Since then , the university mandated a "  zero-tolerance " policy , which has yet to be defined ; it 's unclear if the alleged victim in the latest assault participated in reporting it to police . University officials would not comment on those questions . This all comes as the university is trying to move forward from the fallout of the Rolling Stone piece . The story of Jackie has been questioned and has prompted several investigations -- a police investigation , an internal review at UVA , and a Columbia Journalism Review of Rolling Stone 's reporting process . A lot is still unknown . Here 's what we do and do n't know : What we know : Some of the details in the story are not true . Charlottesville police informed the university at the start of the spring semester that its investigation has found no evidence that the brutal gang rape happened at Phi Kappa Psi fraternity , as the Rolling Stone story alleged . However , the police have not ruled out that Jackie was raped -- possibly even gang raped , somewhere else , perhaps on a different day . The investigation is ongoing , and police are n't releasing any other details of what they 've found . CNN talked to several of Jackie 's friends who were with her the night she says she was allegedly attacked , and according to them , she told a different version of what happened that night . In the article , Jackie said she was gang-raped by seven men while two men looked on . Her friends said Jackie told them she was forced to give oral sex to five men . Jackie 's Rolling Stone version said the perpetrator was a man she met at her job at the university pool . She told her friends it was someone she met in her chemistry class . She told her friends the assailant 's name , but no one by the name she gave attended the University of Virginia , nor could anyone by that name be located in a database search across the United States . What we do n't know : We do n't know how much of the rest of the Rolling Stone story , including Jackie 's account , was correct . Jackie has not talked to any member of the media since Rolling Stone issued an apology for its reporting , and the writer of the story has not spoken publicly since the apology , either . Columbia Journalism Review is now fact-checking all of the details at the request of Rolling Stone . What we know : Some of the details in the Rolling Stone story that deal with the broader issue of how sexual assault reports are handled at UVA have been confirmed . For example , the university has admitted that it never expelled a single student for committing sexual assault , even when the student admitted it . The law firm O'Melveny & Myers LLP is now looking into how the university has historically handled sex assault claims . Even before the Rolling Stone story , UVA was the subject of a Title IX lawsuit filed by a woman who said she was drugged and raped by a fellow student , and that the university medical center lost some of the evidence , that a nurse did n't tell the truth about the woman 's injuries , and that a school administrator shared confidential information . In May 2014 , the Department of Education for Civil Rights announced that it was investigating 55 schools , including UVA , for possible violations related to how it handles sex abuse claims . What we know : Part of the independent investigation by O'Melveny & Myers is looking at how UVA responded specifically to Jackie 's astonishing accusations against members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity . According to Rolling Stone , Jackie first reported her allegations to the university in the spring of 2013 , months after the alleged assault happened . The university did not call police because Jackie did not want the police involved , Rolling Stone reported . However , many people on campus were well aware of Jackie 's shocking allegations . Several people present at the annual "  Take Back the Night " awareness event listened as Jackie took to a podium and told her story to a crowd of hundreds in 2014 . The police were not called until the account was published in Rolling Stone in November , causing national scrutiny and outrage . What we do n't know : It 's unclear if police were aware in detail of the allegations before the Rolling Stone story was published . The fraternity Phi Kappa Psi expressed concern to police after members began to field questions from Rolling Stone about the allegation of a gang rape . It 's unclear exactly why that did not turn into a full police investigation . UVA officials were also involved in that conversation , Phi Psi said . After being suspended for the rest of the fall semester , the fraternities were allowed to come back in the spring as long as they signed a new operating agreement which mandates sober fraternity brothers at parties , bans the serving of pre-mixed drinks , requires the use of guards at staircases , and other safety measures . This created some tension . Phi Psi was the first to sign the new agreement , but two other fraternities accused the university of "  bullying " them into signing it . Then , days later , some sorority members were appalled to learn that their national chapters banned them from attending any fraternity bid night activities on Saturday , January 31 , one of the biggest celebrations of the year in campus Greek life . From outside Charlottesville , the University of Virginia appears to be a campus in turmoil , struggling with how to move on from allegations that sexual assaults are rampant . But on campus many student leaders , like Student Council President Jalen Ross , agree that some of that discourse is good -- it will help them come up with the best plans for moving forward . But Ross also told CNN he 's concerned with the level of involvement the national fraternity and sorority organizations have had , and cautions that they do not speak for students on campus . It 's clear from talking to students at UVA that many of them still see some merit to the criticisms of how the university handles sexual assault allegations . Many also believe that something bad may have happened to Jackie , although they are skeptical of the details in the Rolling Stone story . Most students got back from winter break and returned to normal life at school . Behind the scenes , leaders are working on new ways to tackle binge drinking and general campus safety . The university just adopted an ambassador program which provides sober escorts over the age of 21 for any student who needs help getting home . The "  zero tolerance policy " pledged after the Rolling Stone story has yet to be defined , and some advocates are worried that it will have a chilling effect on reporting of sexual assault . Ross said he 's been working with state legislators who have proposed mandatory reporting , to make sure that any new proposals also do n't discourage women from coming forward .	Police not ruling out that "  Jackie " was raped UVA facing new report of sexual assault on campus University trying to move forward from fallout of Rolling Stone article
CNN  -- Ronaldinho 's participation in this summer 's World Cup finals now appears in serious doubt after the AC Milan playmaker was not named in Brazil coach Carlos Dunga 's 22-man squad for next month 's friendly international against Ireland in London . The 29-year-old former Barcelona star has been in outstanding form for the Italian giants this season -- but he has still not done enough to force his way into Dunga 's thinking for the match at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium . Ronaldinho is not the only high-profile player not selected for the match , with Chelsea central defender Alex also left out of the squad . Manchester City forward Robinho , who is currently on loan for the rest of the season with Brazilian club Santos , is in the squad -- while there is also a place for full-back Dani Alves , although the Barcelona defender is currently sidelined with a calf injury that is expected to keep him out for around three weeks . Brazil squad to face Ireland : Goalkeepers : Julio Cesar  Inter Milan  , Doni  Roma  . Defenders : Maicon  Inter Milan  , Daniel Alves  Barcelona  , Lucio  Inter Milan  , Juan  Roma  , Thiago Silva  AC Milan  , Luisao  Benfica  , Michel Bastos  Lyon  . Midfielders : Gilberto  Cruzeiro  , Gilberto Silva  Panathinaikos  , Felipe Melo  Juventus  , Josue  Wolfsburg  , Kleberson  Flamengo  , Ramires  Benfica  , Elano  Galatasaray  . Forwards : Kaka  Real Madrid  , Robinho  Santos  , Nilmar  Villarreal  , Luis Fabiano  Sevilla  , Adriano  Flamengo  , Julio Baptista  Roma  .	Ronaldinho left out of Brazil 's squad for next month 's friendly against Ireland There is no place for the playmaker despite his outstanding form for AC Milan On-loan Santos forward Robinho has been named in 22-man squad for Emirates Stadium match
Istanbul  CNN  -- The president of Turkey 's Besiktas basketball team says he has a verbal agreement to sign a $ 2 million contract with former NBA most valuable player Allen Iverson . "  I 'm going to New York on Friday , " said Seref Yalcin , the president of the Besiktas basketball team . "  I talked to Allan and his manager yesterday , Gary Moore . He said there 's no problem ; he 's able to sign . Friday , I 'll be there , and we 'll probably sign Sunday . And Monday , I 'll bring him with me . " Yalcin said he was offering the former NBA star $ 1.5 million in addition to a half-million dollar signing bonus for a two-year contract . "  This is a major advertisement for Turkish basketball . Besiktas ' value as a brand has increased . Everyone is talking about this and Besiktas , " Yalcin said . The Besiktas president predicted that Iverson would take his team to the top of Turkey 's Champions League . "  He 's going to bring lots of fans into our arena , " Yalcin said . "  If he plays with even 50 percent of his NBA capacity , that will be enough . This will also be good for Turkish basketball in general since he will inspire the youngsters here . " Yalcin said he has offered Iverson housing , transport , school for his five children and an assistant/translator who will be on call 24 hours a day to help the American athlete operate in Turkey 's sprawling commercial capital . Yalcin predicted that Iverson would be able to play with Besiktas in a game scheduled for November 7 . The Turkish basketball season has just begun , and Besiktas has a record of one win and one loss . Iverson joined the NBA in 1996 and played 10 seasons in Philadelphia before moving among Denver , Detroit , Memphis and Philadelphia again .	The president of the Besiktas basketball team says he expects a Sunday signing Iverson will get $ 2 million for a two-year contract , Seref Yalcin says Yalcin : "  He 's going to bring lots of fans into our arena "
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius killed Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year . Of that , there is no doubt . But was it murder ? One of South Africa 's toughest prosecutors , Gerrie Nel , fought for most of the month of March to prove it was . Starting Monday , one of the country 's shrewdest defense lawyers , Barry Roux , will try to convince a judge that it was n't . The verdict will hinge on two questions : Did the Olympic sprinter know his girlfriend was behind the door in the bathroom of his house when he fired four hollow-point bullets through it in the middle of the night ? And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar , as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Critical testimony will come from the only living person who was in the house at the time , the "  Blade Runner " himself . Pistorius is likely to take the stand for the first time Tuesday or Wednesday to tell the story he has been telling for more than a year now . He woke up in the middle of the night , went to his balcony to bring in a fan -- or two fans , in his most recent version -- heard his bathroom window opening , took his gun , went to the bathroom and fired through the door when he heard a noise in the toilet . "  It was pitch dark in the bedroom , and I thought Reeva was in bed , " he testified when he applied for bail in the days after the killing . In that version of the story , Pistorius emphasized that he "  felt a sense of terror " when he heard the noise , that he "  felt extremely vulnerable " because he was not wearing his prosthetic legs , and that he "  has been a victim of violence and of burglaries before . " And , he said , "  We were deeply in love and I could not be happier . " If Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa believes that story , Pistorius could be acquitted of murder . She could find him guilty of the lesser charge of culpable homicide -- similar to what would be called manslaughter in the United States -- or find him not guilty at all . Follow the live blog The defense is likely to rely on three types of experts to support Pistorius ' story : Ballistics Pistorius fired four shots . Three hit Steenkamp : one in the hip , one in the arm and one in the head . The shot to the head probably killed her almost instantly . But when did that shot hit her ? The prosecution says it hit her last . That means she would have been able to scream between shots -- potentially giving Pistorius a moment to realize his mistake and stop shooting . Roux rejected the prosecution 's order of shots in a heated exchange with police Capt. Christian Mangena , the prosecution ballistics expert . Roux said the defense ballistics expert would show that the order of shots was different , and that Pistorius fired the four shots in two quick bursts -- two "  double taps . " Mangena said it was "  impossible " for the pattern of wounds on the body to be the result of two double taps , ultimately leaving Roux sighing dismissively and promising that his ballistics expert would explain . Pathology Pistorius threw up repeatedly as Gert Saayman , who performed the autopsy on Steenkamp , described the devastating wounds Pistorius inflicted on her . But as gruesome as the testimony was , it is not critical to the state 's case -- there 's no doubt , after all , who killed Steenkamp or how . The most damning thing Saayman said was far less dramatic . Based on the contents of her stomach , the pathologist suggested that Steenkamp had probably eaten around 1 a.m. , about two hours before she died . That 's a direct contradiction of Pistorius ' story that they were in the bedroom by about 10 p.m. , her doing yoga and him watching television , and that they went to sleep after she finished her yoga . Roux hammered Saayman on the question of when Steenkamp last ate , going so far as to bring in academic articles for the pathologist to read , a clear sign that the defense considers it crucial to rebut that point . Saayman did not budge . A pathologist who attended the autopsy on behalf of Pistorius , Reggie Perumal , is due to testify for the defense A police cell phone expert also may have found a similar inconsistency with Pistorius ' timeline . Capt. Francois Moller , who downloaded the contents of Pistorius ' iPhone , said it made an Internet connection for about five minutes an hour and 20 minutes before the shooting . The defense may put forward an expert of their own to explain . Psychiatry Pistorius needs the judge to believe not only that there is a chance he made a genuine mistake in thinking Steenkamp was a burglar , but that his response was reasonable . Sean Rens , a gun dealer who was selling a small arsenal to Pistorius at the time of the killing , testified that the athlete had passed a test showing he knew what the law said about firing in self-defense . On the face of it , what Pistorius did in firing through a closed door , when he could not see an imminent threat , was neither legal nor safe , the Rens testimony suggested . But a psychiatrist may argue that Pistorius should be judged by a different standard of reasonableness because he is a double amputee who was not wearing his prosthetics at the time . His statement at his bail hearing implied that he should : "  As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . ... I felt trapped as my bedroom door was locked and I have limited mobility on my stumps . " If the judge accepts that as true , Pistorius ' disability could prove to be his greatest defense .	The defense will try to convince a judge that Reeva Steenkamp 's death was n't murder Did Oscar Pistorius know his girlfriend was behind a door when he shot and killed her ? And if he did not , did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Experts in ballistics , pathology and psychiatry expected to try to support Pistorius ' story
CNN  -- Ricky Ponting looks set to lead Australia into the Boxing Day Test against England at the MCG despite a broken finger . Ponting came through a batting practice session in Melbourne on Friday , spending about half an hour in the indoor nets before venturing outside to further test the injury . The 36-year-old suffered the mishap to the little finger of his left hand as he attempted to catch a ball on the final day of his side 's triumph in the third Test in Perth . The victory leveled the five-match series at 1-1 , making the Christmas clash all the more important . Is Australia 's one-day reign set to end in 2011 ? Australia vice-captain Michael Clarke is confident Ponting will be fit to play on Sunday . "  We are all very hopeful and pretty confident that unless they cut his finger off , it is going to be really hard to leave ` Punter ' out , " he told gathered reporters . "  I think he is going to have to wait until tomorrow to see how it pulls up after having a bat today , but he is pretty happy with how things went . " The uncapped Usman Khawaja has been added to the Australian squad as cover for Ponting . Meanwhile , England 's injury worry James Anderson also appears to be winning his fitness battle . The 28-year-old pace bowler suffered a side strain in the defeat in Perth , but came through an hour-long net session Friday . Australia level series with crushing Perth win "  Jimmy seems absolutely fine , " said captain Andrew Strauss . "  He 's done quite a lot of bowling , but it  the side strain  has settled down nicely . " Anderson 's fitness is key to England 's hopes , the tourists having already lost fellow fast bowler Stuart Broad for the rest of the series due to injury . Organizers at the MCG are expecting an official Test record 91,000 crowd for the first day of the match .	Australian captain Ricky Ponting comes unscathed through practice session on Friday Ponting broke the little finger in his left hand during third Test win in Perth James Anderson looks set to take his place in England team Test record crowd of 91,000 expected at MCG on Boxing Day
London  CNN  -- The Routemaster bus first appeared on London 's streets in the 1950s and quickly became one of the city 's most recognizable icons . Now , six years after it was phased out , English artist and designer Thomas Heatherwick is taking inspiration from the famous Routemaster to re-define the look of London buses . With an international reputation for inventive and playful work , his approach blends sculpture with engineering . In 2010 , the Heatherwick Studio created a dramatic Seed Cathedral -- a mass of acrylic rods with plant seeds on every tip -- for the UK Pavilion at the Shanghai Expo . Turning the most commonplace public transport into a work of art proved to be an equally challenging feat . But in collaboration with vehicle manufacturer the Wright Group , the double-decker bus with a difference is becoming a reality . Improving the passenger experience was a critical consideration in the design process . Take the lighting , for example : Current buses tend to be lit with fluorescent tubes which is n't the most flattering light , says Heatherwick . "  That 's what 's tends to be used to illuminate a piggery , " he jokingly says . "  So introducing some of the lighting techniques that are now used within interior environments is a very simple thing , but we feel it will make a very big difference to the experience , " he adds . The new bus also has three sets of doors and two staircases , which means you can get passengers on and off more quickly , Heatherwick says . "  That means you are more likely to get a bus that is on time because that means you are not waiting for huge queues to get on or off . " Heatherwick says the new bus is greener too , with a hybrid engine which will be 40 % more energy efficient than a standard bus . It also does n't shudder when it 's stationary . "  It 's going to be much quieter and calmer , " he says . The prospect of a calmer commute to work is one to relish in a bustling city of around 12 million people . Passengers can look forward to getting on board the new buses early next year , in time for London 's Olympic Games .	London 's Routemaster bus is getting a 21st-century makeover English designer Thomas Heatherwick has created a stylish successor to 1950s icon Three sets of doors and two staircases included in new design It also features a rear platform and improved lighting and fuel efficiency
London  CNN  -- The widow of poisoned Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko asserted Tuesday that only a public inquiry will bring her justice in the death of her husband . "  I still believe in British justice . It 's not easy because I did n't expect this long wait , " Marina Litvinenko said outside the Royal Court of Justice after a pre-inquest hearing Tuesday . Marina Litvinenko wants a public inquiry instead of an inquest , which , in Britain , is a proceeding to establish the facts around a sudden or unexplained death . A public inquiry is a different proceeding that would "  enable the fullest possible investigation " into Alexander Litvinenko 's death and , unlike an inquest , can receive evidence behind closed doors , the coroner said during Tuesday 's hearing . In Litvinenko 's case , such evidence could involve matters of national security . On Tuesday , Coroner Sir Robert Owen said he is waiting for a response from the secretary of justice on his petition last week to hold a public inquiry instead of an inquest . Litvinenko , a former KGB agent and fierce critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin , came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 while drinking tea at the Millennium Hotel in London 's Grosvenor Square . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied . Marina Litvinenko 's lawyer , Ben Emmerson , said during Tuesday 's hearing the widow would be unable to play a role in an ongoing proceedings if the government refused the coroner 's request . "  The inquest should now stand adjourned . There should be a full stop at the inquest until the matter is resolved , " Emmerson said . Neil Garnham , a lawyer representing the home secretary at the hearing , said a decision on a public inquiry would be made as quickly as possible . Emmerson charged Tuesday that a foreign office minister made what he said was an "  improper approach " to Litvinenko 's widow while British Prime Minister David Cameron and Putin met in Sochi , Russia , last month . The representative approached the widow without reaching her legal team first , Emmerson said . He wanted assurances for Litvinenko that discussions in Sochi would not affect the government 's attitude to a full investigation into her husband 's death , Emmerson added . "  I have to say I am astonished , " Owen said about the contact . Garnham said nothing improper occurred . "  The foreign office knew that there was likely to be some reporting in the public press of a meeting between Foreign Office ministers and Russian officials about security matters . As a matter of simple courtesy , the minister telephoned Mrs. Litvinenko to let her know of the fact of the meeting , not to discuss the contents , but simply to inform her , " Garnham said . The next hearing into the case is expected in early July . Prosecutors in London want Russia to extradite Andrei Lugovoi , suspected in the killing , but Russia has repeatedly refused to do so . In another hearing last December , the counsel to the inquest , Hugh Davies , said evidence provided by the U.K. government shows Russian involvement in the former KGB agent 's death and "  does establish a prima facie case as to the culpability of the Russian state in the death of Alexander Litvinenko . " In that hearing , Emmerson said Litvinenko was working for the British intelligence service MI6 and had been tasked by MI6 with working also for the Spanish intelligence service as it investigated Russian mafia activities in Spain . While ill in the hospital , Litvinenko called Lugovoi about a planned trip together to Spain , a phone call that was witnessed by his wife , Emmerson said . The men were both to provide intelligence to the Spanish prosecutor investigating Russian mafia links to the Kremlin and to Putin , Emmerson said . In March , exiled Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky was found dead in the United Kingdom , and his death was deemed "  consistent with hanging " with no sign of a violent struggle , British investigators said . But the death of Berezovsky , 67 , triggered speculation about the fate of a onetime tycoon known for his opposition to Putin . Berezovsky also blamed the Kremlin for the death of Litvinenko . For years , Berezovsky bankrolled the effort of Litvinenko 's widow to push for an inquest into her husband 's death . Last month , Edward Lucas , international editor of The Economist , told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that Litvinenko was a former security official -- akin to an FBI agent . "  He annoyed the Kremlin in lots of ways . He had been involved in domestic power battles in the Kremlin , where he complained about the role of organized crime inside the Russian security service . He then defected very publicly , " said Lucas , author of "  Deception : The Untold Story of East-West Espionage Today . " "  In effect they used a ... radioactive weapon , a weapon of terror against a British citizen in broad daylight in the streets of London endangering lots of other people , " Lucas said . "  I think we still do n't quite understand what the Russian motivation was . What we do know is that the British government does n't want to get into detail about how they know about it , and that to me suggests that they were tapping Russian phones , reading Russian diplomatic communications , bugging Russian officers . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza reported from London and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Widow of Alexander Litvinenko says an expanded investigation would bring justice That proceeding is called a "  public inquiry " in Britain The coroner asks for a public inquiry instead of an inquest National security matters can be discussed behind closed doors in public inquiry
CNN  -- The reaction to Kanye West 's hijacking of the microphone from Taylor Swift during her acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards came quickly and unequivocally . Kanye West took the microphone from Taylor Swift during her speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards . Celebrities and fans alike expressed their disapproval of West interrupting Swift 's win for Best Female Video to tout his appreciation of nominee Beyonce . "  Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , " West said after grabbing the microphone from a clearly stunned Swift . "  I 'll let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time ! One of the best videos of all time ! " Elliott Wilson , founder and chief executive officer of Rap Radar , sat in front of members of West 's entourage at the live Sunday night awards show and said the mood quickly turned from one of surprised amusement to anger . Watch West grab the microphone from Swift " "  At first , people were n't sure if it was kind of like a gag , " Wilson said . "  You could feel everybody being nervous and not knowing if it was a prank or something . Then people started booing him really loud . " Wilson said he believes that West -- who he said bounded on stage from his seat in the front row near Beyonce -- intended to have his say before allowing Swift to continue but said the rapper became angered by the crowd response in a moment that was n't captured by the MTV cameras . "  The reaction to his tantrum was so strong ... and what happened was , he gave everybody the finger , " Wilson said . Stars taking to Twitter returned the sentiment with some harsh words for the sometimes mercurial rap star . Singer Pink tweeted , "  Kanye West is the biggest piece of -LSB- expletive -RSB- on earth . Quote me , " and Joel Madden of the band Good Charlotte tweeted , "  All i 'm saying is Taylor Swift is a young chic and you just walk up and grab the mic . " Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton said via Twitter that "  Taylor Swift deserved that award , damnit . It is what THE PEOPLE voted ! My heart broke for her , she looked so sad at the end of that moment . " Singer Katy Perry weighed in with "  F -- u Kanye . It 's like you stepped on a kitten . " VMA nominee Kelly Clarkson took to her blog to publish an open letter to West . "  What happened to you as a child ?? Did you not get hugged enough ?? " she asked . On Monday , "  Taylor Swift , " "  VMAs , " "  Kanye 's " and "  Beyonce " were top trending topics on Twitter . Watch Swift respond to what happened " Wilson , a noted hip-hop journalist , said there was a great deal of tension inside the event Sunday night before West and his girlfriend , model Amber Rose , left the show . "  It was almost like wrestling , when the good guy turns bad and the crowd turns on him , " Wilson said . "  Every time his name was mentioned , people booed . " Wilson said he believes that alcohol may have played a part in West 's actions , given that the rapper appeared both on the red carpet and inside the arena with a bottle of cognac . Wilson added that West is well known for such behavior . He appeared uninvited onstage at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards , walked out of the 2004 American Music Awards after losing in the Best New Artist category and reportedly threw a backstage tantrum at the 2007 VMAs because he did not perform on the main stage . "  I think Kanye came in to be the bad boy , but he obviously had an emotional spaz moment because he is cool " with Beyonce and her husband , Jay-Z , Wilson said . "  I think the alcohol blurred his judgment . " Wilson said attendees at the awards show were allowed to have drinks at their seats . Emil Wilbekin , managing editor of Essence.com , said West may have gone too far with his antics this time . "  I think that it was not Kanye 's place to speak for Beyonce or to ruin Taylor Swift 's moment , " Wilbekin said . "  It 's OK for Kanye to rattle off about himself , but I think he crossed the line when he decided to speak for other people . " Though West is known for having a healthy ego , Wilbekin said , his actions may be damaging the very legacy the rapper claims to want to leave . "  He 's talked about wanting to be Elvis ; he 's talked about wanting to be the new king of pop , " Wilbekin said . "  It 's almost like he 's overshadowing himself by getting in his own way with his mouth . " West apologized to Swift via his blog . As for Swift , the young singer gave her acceptance speech after Beyonce graciously invited her onstage during her win for Video of the Year . West 's disruption was n't the only one the evening offered , Wilson said . During a performance by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys , rapper Lil Mama rushed the stage . Wilson said that from his vantage point in the audience , the female rapper , who also serves as a judge on MTV 's "  America 's Best Dance Crew , " was neither expected nor wanted as part of the performance . iReport : Is civility dead ? The stars ' behavior might have long-lasting consequences , Wilson added . "  I would n't be surprised if MTV banned alcohol -LSB- at the event -RSB- next year , " he said .	Kanye West interrupted Taylor Swift 's VMA acceptance speech Celebs take to Twitter and blogs to express outrage West is well-known for shocking behavior VMA attendee : "  Every time his name was mentioned , people booed "
CNN  -- Researchers in Germany are reporting that they may have cured a man of HIV infection . If true , that would represent a scientific advance , but not necessarily a treatment advance , said researchers familiar with the work . In the study , published last week online in the journal Blood , researchers at Charite-University Medicine Berlin treated an HIV-infected man who also had acute myeloid leukemia -- a cancer of the immune system -- by wiping out his own immune system with high-dose chemotherapy and radiation and giving him a stem-cell transplant . Stem cells are immature cells that can mature into blood cells . At the time of the transplant , which occurred in February 2007 , he stopped taking anti-HIV medications . Why HIV advance is n't a universal cure Thirteen months later , after a relapse of the leukemia , he underwent a second round of treatment followed by another stem-cell transplant from the same donor . The donor 's stem cells contained a rare , inherited gene mutation that made them naturally resistant to infection with HIV , according to the authors , led by Kristina Allers , who hypothesized that HIV would nevertheless rebound over time . But that has not happened . After three-and-a-half years off of anti-HIV drugs , the patient shows no sign of either leukemia or HIV replication and his immune system has been restored to normal health , the researchers reported , concluding , "  our results strongly suggest that cure of HIV has been achieved in this patient . " But AIDS researchers predicted the report will have little impact on practice . "  This probably is a cure , but it comes at a bit of a price , " said Dr. Michael Saag , professor of medicine and director of the University of Alabama at Birmingham AIDS Center . "  For him to receive the donor cells , his body had to have all of his immune system wiped out " and then receive a bone marrow transplant , Saag noted . "  The Catch-22 here is that the best candidates for a cure , ideally , are people who are healthy " and do n't have leukemia . The treatment associated with wiping out the immune system "  is very hazardous , " he said in a telephone interview . "  Even if somebody does n't die from a transplant , there are complications that make it very unpleasant for people to live with , " he said , citing graft-versus-host disease , where the infused donor cells attack the body . In a number of cases , the transplant proves fatal . The study is a proof of the concept "  that our understanding of HIV biology is correct , and that if you eliminate -- not just in theory but in practice -- all of the cells in the body that are producing HIV and replace them with uninfected cells , you have a cure , " Saag said . But remaining infected with HIV is not always associated with the same grim outcome that was the norm prior to the mid-1990s , when more effective anti-HIV drugs were developed , he said . "  We can keep people alive for a normal life span , " he said . "  That means a 25-year-old diagnosed today with HIV has a reasonably good chance of living to 80 , 85 , 90 . " Further limiting the treatment 's potential appeal is the fact that it could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars for each patient who gets it , he said . "  It 's not going to be applicable unless they develop leukemia or lymphoma and need a bone-marrow transplant , "  Saag said . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , called it impractical . "  It 's hard enough to get a good compatible match for a transplant like this , " he said in a statement . "  But you also have to find  a  compatible donor that has this genetic defect , and this defect is only found in 1 % of the Caucasian population and 0 % of the black population . This is very rare . " But HIV itself is not . According to the World Health Organization , 33.4 million people worldwide have the virus that causes AIDS .	A Berlin man has been off anti-AIDS medication for 3-1/2 years But the stem-cell transplant credited for ridding him of HIV is costly , dangerous "  This is probably a cure , but it comes at a bit of a price , " says one AIDS doctor
CNN  -- His shooting spree left at least 10 dead and millions terrified of bullets coming from an unseen sniper . But Mildred Muhammad believes she was the ultimate target of her ex-husband , John Allan Muhammad , the man dubbed the "  D.C. Sniper . " And for some time , Muhammad said she felt extreme guilt for the victims that were gunned down in grocery store parking lots and gas stations . The youngest was a 13-year-old boy who was shot while walking to his Maryland school . Muhammad spoke about the guilt she felt after the killing spree on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday night , the day before her ex-husband was scheduled to be executed . Muhammad said she has gradually gotten over her guilty feelings and focused on her three children . "  I felt that way initially because I had done everything I knew how to do to bring attention to how dangerous he was to me , " Muhammad said . "  I had no idea his anger would extend beyond me , to include all people in his killings . " John Muhammad , the mastermind behind the Washington-area sniper attacks of 2002 , is scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday evening at a state prison near Jarratt , Virginia . During two lengthy trials -- including one featuring testimony from young accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo -- and in several years of legal appeals , John Muhammad has continued to profess his innocence . Prosecutors say John Muhammad intended the killings to provide a smokescreen to cover up his real goal -- killing his ex-wife Mildred and gaining custody of his three children . Muhammad said she divorced John Muhammad because of abuse and has not visited him since he was in prison . "  I feel that all of my efforts , all of my energy is to help my children through this emotional turmoil that they are going through , " said Muhammad . "  I do n't have an emotional attachment to John . " John Muhammad 's other ex-wife , Carol Williams , also talked to King Monday . Williams , John Muhammad 's first wife , said she plans to visit him in prison with their son Tuesday before the execution . Williams also brought letters that John Muhammad wrote her from prison . "  Carol , I have missed my family for the past eight years . I do n't want to be missed the day that these devils murder my innocent black  expletive  , " John Muhammad wrote in one of the letters . Williams said she was not surprised that John Muhammad still believed he was innocent . "  I 'm praying for myself , for my son , and also for the families of the victims , " Williams said .	John Muhammad 's second ex-wife , Mildred , believes she was ultimate target of sniper spree Muhammad : For long time , I felt extreme guilt for victims that were gunned down Carol Williams , his first ex-wife , plans to visit Muhammad before execution and bring son Muhammad has maintained his innocence in the deaths of at least 10 people in 2002
Paris  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lambasted Russia and China on Friday for blocking efforts to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who has lost a key general to defection . Speaking at the Friends of Syria conference in Paris , Clinton called on Russia and China to "  get off the sidelines " and accused them of "  standing up for " al-Assad 's regime . She urged the other 100 or so nations and organizations represented at the summit to "  make it clear that Russia and China will pay a price " for that position . "  I ask you to reach out to Russia and China and not only ask but demand that they get off the sidelines , " she said . "  I do n't think Russia and China believe they are paying any price at all , nothing at all , for standing with  the  Assad regime . " High-ranking general defects from Syrian military But it was unclear whether those two nations would reverse their long-standing opposition to forcing al-Assad from power . The two trade partners of Syria have vetoed previous efforts by the U.N. Security Council to condemn the violence in Syria and oust al-Assad . Neither Russia nor China was represented at the Paris meeting . Western and Arab nations started the Friends of Syria initiative because China and Russia posed diplomatic obstacles to tackling the Syrian crisis . The United States and others said they were hoping that Friday 's meeting could lead to stricter economic sanctions and more support for the opposition . Speaking after the meeting concluded , Clinton argued for additional sanctions to be backed by a Security Council resolution under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter . Chapter 7 could ultimately authorize the use of force . "  No transition plan can progress as long as the regime 's brutal assaults continue , " she said . "  That 's why the entire world is looking at those few nations who have influence in Damascus . " Clinton warned allies of al-Assad within Syria that evidence of abuses is being collected and that they should "  get on the right side of history . " She added : "  Let me say to the soldiers and officials still supporting the Syrian regime -- the Syrian people will remember the choices you make in the coming days . " Clinton 's comments came as a Western diplomat said that Brig. Gen. Manaf Tlas of Syria 's Republican Guards has abandoned the regime . Tlas , the son of a former Syrian defense minister , defected over the killing of Sunnis , said the official , speaking on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to speak to the media . "  He 's an inside confidant of Assad , " the official said . "  So it counts that even an insider thinks it 's time to go . " The defector 's father and the rest of his family are in Paris , the official said . Western officials told CNN that Tlas was en route to Paris . It was not immediately known if he had joined the Syrian opposition . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , speaking at the end of the Friends of Syria meeting , called the defection of someone close to al-Assad a "  hard blow " for the regime . "  We are told of the defection of someone quite important in the regime , very close to Bashar al-Assad , which means that his close entourage is starting to understand that the regime is unsustainable , " he said . Fabius said he did not know what the final destination would be for the defector , whom he did not identify by name but said was a member of the Republican Guard and a longtime friend of al-Assad . Asked about the defection , Clinton did not name Tlas , but said an "  increasing stream of military defectors " is leaving Syria . "  Regime insiders and the military establishment are starting to vote with their feet , " she said . "  Those who have the closest knowledge of Assad 's actions and crimes are moving away , and we think that 's a very promising development . And it also raises questions for those who remain in Damascus . " Friends of Syria meeting in Paris The defection is one more setback for al-Assad , who Clinton said has been feeling the bite of economic sanctions . The Syrian leader 's "  currency and foreign reserves have collapsed , " she said , curbing his ability to continue his crackdown . But she said challenges remain . Al-Assad was being kept afloat by "  money from Iran and assistance from Russia and the failure of countries here " at the conference to tighten economic sanctions . "  None of us is satisfied or comfortable with what is going on in Syria , " she said . But since the Friends of Syria met in Tunis in February , "  there has been a steady march toward ending this regime , " Clinton said . Fabius said Friday 's meeting showed that the international community is uniting to voice support for the opposition , promise increased humanitarian aid for the Syrian people and back sanctions against the regime . "  Today was not a good day for the regime , " he said . The Paris meeting comes less than a week after a conference of foreign ministers , which included China and Russia , met in Geneva , Switzerland , and called for a transitional government body as a step toward ending the Syrian crisis . That emergency meeting , called by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan , raised hopes that Russia was easing its position . But even as Russia appeared to agree that a key step in the peace process would be the establishment of a transitional government , the country 's foreign minister said it should not be viewed as outside powers imposing a transitional government on Syrians . Senior U.S. officials said the United States and its European and Arab partners will move to impose global sanctions if Syria does n't quickly implement the transition plan that includes the appointment of a new government . Diplomats at the United Nations are working on a document that would demand restrictions on oil and other commercial business with the Syrian regime if it refuses to implement the Annan peace plan for a cease-fire and a transitional government . A Security Council resolution under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter could be introduced next week , the officials said . Clinton 's marathon trip tackles a range of U.S. foreign policy issues The officials said the Russian and Chinese willingness to discuss a political transition plan in Syria and sign on to that plan last week in Geneva could boost the effort to impose sanctions . The absence of the two nations from the Paris conference , however , could reflect the difficulties ahead in persuading Moscow and Beijing to back the resolution . Clinton praised the Syrian opposition 's six-page "  vision " for a Syrian transition that was unveiled last week at its meeting in Cairo , Egypt . The United States hopes the document , which has details on a new parliament and constitution , will allay fears of Alawites and other minority groups that the Sunnis leading the fight against al-Assad will grab all of the power and take revenge on al-Assad 's supporters . The regime is dominated by Alawites , an offshoot of Shiite Islam , and the opposition is largely Sunni . French President Fran  ois Hollande also called for al-Assad 's departure Friday , saying a political transition is the only way to end 16 months of violence in the Middle East nation . Members of the Syrian opposition attended the Paris meeting , and many are pushing for the imposition of a no-fly zone in Syria . Opposition groups reported dozens of deaths on Friday . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria counted at least 89 people . Meanwhile , a Turkish foreign ministry official told CNN that two children were killed and six Syrian refugees were injured when a gas canister exploded Friday at the Yayladagi refugee camp in southeastern Turkey . CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence or casualties as Syria has limited access by international journalists . WikiLeaks releasing 2.4 million Syria e-mails CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Ivan Watson , Laura Smith-Spark , Joe Sterling and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	Dozens of people were killed Friday in Syria , an opposition groups say Western officials : Bashar al-Assad ally Manaf Tlas has defected Hillary Clinton says an "  increasing stream of military defectors " is leaving Syria France 's foreign minister says the defection of a regime insider is a "  hard blow " to al-Assad
CNN  -- The Susan G. Komen for the Cure announced Wednesday that two of its leaders are leaving their posts , months after the breast cancer advocacy group came under fire over its decision -- later reversed -- to cut funding for Planned Parenthood projects . Nancy G. Brinker will step down as CEO once her successor is found and take on a new role within the organization , the foundation said in a statement . As chair of the Komen Board Executive Committee , she will focus on revenue creation , strategy and global growth , it said . President Elizabeth Thompson will leave the organization altogether next month , the statement said , adding , "  Thompson said the time is right for her to pursue other opportunities . " Report : Komen misled on mammogram benefits Brinker told the Wall Street Journal Wednesday that the changes had nothing to do with the firestorm that erupted in January and February , when the foundation made a decision that would have cut funding to Planned Parenthood projects . "  I apologized to everyone , " Brinker told the newspaper . "  I think we all made mistakes and we addressed them and we 're through that and we 're moving on . " In 1982 , Brinker founded Susan G. Komen for the Cure -- named for her sister who had died from breast cancer two years before . Brinker went on to become a political appointee of the George W. Bush administration , serving as U.S. ambassador to Hungary and as chief of protocol . Thompson , who began her career in medical publishing before turning toward cancer advocacy , was named president of the foundation in September 2010 , two years after joining the group to lead its research and scientific programs . Wednesday 's announcement comes six months after Karen Handel , a vice president of the organization , resigned in the wake of a Huffington Post report , based on a review of internal e-mails at the foundation , that concluded she had been the driving force behind the foundation 's decision not to renew parts of its longstanding partnership with Planned Parenthood . Handel denied that was the case . Handel , a former Georgia secretary of state , was a Republican gubernatorial candidate in Georgia in 2010 , losing to current Gov. Nathan Deal in a primary runoff . "  Let me be clear , since I am pro-life , I do not support the mission of Planned Parenthood , " Handel wrote on her campaign website in 2010 . Planned Parenthood operates hundreds of family clinics where abortions are performed . When asked in February what role her position on abortion may have played in the decision not to renew funding for Planned Parenthood projects , Handel said : "  Absolutely none . " "  I 'm a professional . ... My No. 1 priority is the fight against breast cancer , our mission and the women that we serve . The only place for politics in all of this came from Planned Parenthood , when they launched this vicious , vicious attack on a great organization and perpetrated what was nothing short of a shakedown to coerce a private entity to give them grants , " she told CNN affiliate WXIA in Atlanta . "  It 's abundantly clear that this was never about the fight against breast cancer for Planned Parenthood . What it was about , and remains about , is the fight to advance Planned Parenthood 's agenda , and they sucked Komen in the middle of it and used them in all of this . And it 's a disgrace , " Handel said . After encountering a deluge of opposition , the Komen foundation reversed its decision . On Wednesday , the president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America praised Brinker , Thompson and the Komen Foundation . They "  have made profound contributions to women 's health , " said Cecile Richards , in a statement . "  They have helped elevate the importance of breast cancer detection and prevention nationwide . " Previously on CNN.com : Komen Foundation VP resigns , blasts Planned Parenthood The organization Brinker founded has invested almost $ 2 billion in breast cancer research , education , screening and treatment , according to its website . Previously on CNN.com : Komen Foundation reverses funding decision of Planned Parenthood	The organization 's CEO says the changes have nothing to do with Planned Parenthood snafu Nancy Brinker will leave her job as CEO 30 years after founding Susan G. Komen for the Cure The foundation 's president is also leaving the organization in September The announcement comes months after a controversy over funding for Planned Parenthood
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido , who is accused of kidnapping and raping an 11-year-old and then holding her captive for 18 years , apologized in a jailhouse letter sent to a television station , the California station said Thursday . But prosecutors responded , saying Garrido was attempting to manipulate public perceptions of the case . In the handwritten letter this week to CNN affiliate KCRA , Garrido seemed to address the kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard . "  First off I want to apologize to every human being for what has taken place , " KCRA said the letter states . The second sentence of the letter appeared to refer to what Garrido has described as a religious transformation that cured him of his sexual deviancy . It says : "  People all over the world are hearing testimony that through the spirit of Christ a mental process took place ending a sexual problem believed to be impossible . " Prosecutors charged that Garrido was being manipulative -- and not for the first time . "  It appears once again that Mr. Garrido seeks leniency due to claims of religious transformation and alleged personal change , " retorted a statement released by the El Dorado County district attorney 's office . "  Our office fully intends to hold Mr. Garrido legally accountable for his actions and see that he is punished to the full extent of the law , " the statement said , noting that the assertion was "  eerily similar to what Mr. Garrido told the judge who sentenced him in 1977 and the parole board when he duped them into releasing him from prison after serving only 11 years of a 50-year federal sentence ... " Garrido 's letter , which is the third sent to KCRA , also addressed other issues , but the station declined to release more details . "  We are not releasing the entire letter at this time based on consultations with our attorneys , " said Anzio Williams , news director at KCRA . "  We will tell the story and reference the letter . " Read earlier letter from Garrido to KCRA  PDF Garrido and his wife , Nancy , face multiple felony charges in the 1991 kidnapping of Dugard from South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities say he and his wife held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home in Antioch , California , for 18 years . The Garridos have pleaded not guilty . Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother , Terry Probyn , and Dugard 's two daughters , who police say were fathered by Garrido . In September , an attorney for Dugard 's family said it had been a difficult transition for her and her daughters , who are now 11 and 15 , given that her captivity spanned more than half her life and was the only world she knew for so long . "  But there is no question that she knows that terrible and wrong things were done to her and that those people must be held accountable , " McGregor Scott said . Dugard will testify against the Garridos , Scott said . He also acknowledged that Dugard would have to relive the trauma in court by sharing the "  very , very sordid tale . "	NEW : Prosecutor disputes Phillip Garrido 's jailhouse apology letter Garrido 's letter sent to TV station claims religion cured him of sexual deviancy Garrido and wife are accused of kidnapping , raping Jaycee Dugard Dugard now lives with mother , two daughters who police say were fathered by Garrido
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India 's federal police have arrested two senior officials involved in organizing last year 's troubled Commonwealth Games in New Delhi for suspected corruption . Investigators have taken into custody Lalit Bhanot , former secretary-general of the organizing committee of the October 2010 event . Also placed under arrest was V.K. Verma , director-general of the committee . They have been held for a suspected over-priced purchase of a timing , scoring and result systems from a Swiss company , federal police spokesman R. K. Gaur said . India 's Central Bureau of Investigation  CBI  , which is probing allegations of massive corruption in the conduct of the Commonwealth Games of last year in New Delhi , had earlier arrested four other committee officials . Bhanot and Verma are seen as close aides of Suresh Kalmadi , India 's chief organizer of the sporting event that attracted international headlines for alleged scams and messy preparations . A series of scandals in 2010 have put Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government on the defensive . This week , Singh acceded to opposition demands to order a cross-party probe into an alleged multi-billion dollar fraud related to the award of mobile-phone licenses three years ago . Politicians , bureaucrats , officials and company executives linked to probes have denied any wrongdoing . Several high-profile corporate leaders have also been questioned by police in connection with the sale of radiowaves in 2008 . Investigators have arrested A. Raja , who quit as telecom minister as the scandal battered Singh 's government . Singh reiterated Thursday that the guilty will be punished . "  No wrongdoer will escape penalties , " he told lawmakers . "  As and when we got credible , actionable evidence , action has been taken . "	NEW : Singh reiterates that those found guilty will be punished Four other organizing committee members were arrested earlier Authorities are investigating massive corruption in the conduct of the Games A series of other scandals have put Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the defensive
CNN  -- Many people have heard of the Slow Food movement -- the global organization founded in Italy to counter fast food and the "  fast life . " Its adherents favor gastronomic tradition and the calm , contemplative enjoyment of cuisine and life in general . Now another idea is taking hold in the wake of Slow Food -- the quest for a quiet Italy . It 's embodied in the establishment of a new Academy of Silence  Italian site only  , in Tuscany , which seeks to gather a list of the quietest hotels , towns and other places in Italy . We 've collected 10 idyllic spots -- among the calmest , quietest and most powerfully relaxing in all Italy -- to suggest to the Academy as prime candidates for inclusion . 1 . Eremito Hotelito del Alma  Parrano , Umbria No TV , no phone , no mini-bar , no air-con . Go to bed when it 's dark , wake up at dawn . Candlelight only after sunset . Phones to be used outside only . This is also the first hotel in Italy with only single rooms -- so not the place for romance . It still feels like the monastery it once was -- the monk 's cells have been converted into rooms -- except now there 's a spa , and great Umbrian food instead of bread and water . There are even Gregorian chants -- listening to them makes lying in the heated rock pool all the more relaxing . During the day , there 's little to do except explore the surrounding 3,000 hectares of national reserve . Or practice doing nothing . Eremito Hotelito del Alma , Localit Tarina , 2 ; +39  0  763891010 ; rooms from $ 208 2 . Stargazing from the Rocca D'Orcia Tower  Siena , Tuscany A single , stone medieval tower sits atop a wooded hill , overhanging a precipice . From this superb lookout , you 'd once have been able to spot enemies approaching from miles around across the Val d'Orcia valley . Now it 's open to the public -- a noble family fell on hard times and sold it to the state . Surrounding it are just a few stone houses and cobbled streets . Maybe the odd cat . On clear nights , standing atop the tower , thick star clusters illuminate hills , vineyards and Renaissance-era dwellings . If Tuscany has anywhere more quiet and calm , someone 's keeping silent about it . La Rocchetta  Via della Chiesa , 8 ; +39  0  552280413 ; rooms from $ 40  is a B&B in the middle of the hamlet , right under the tower . The Osteria Perill  Borgo Maestro , 72 ; +39  0  577887263 ; dishes from $ 20  serves traditional meals such as bean soup and pici , typical handmade pasta . 3 . Segesta ruins  Trapani , Sicily It 's much easier to be transported to ancient times when you 're contemplating ruins in virtual solitude . Segesta 's ruins are superb and all the better without the crowds at the Valley of Temples elsewhere in Sicily . Legend says Segesta was built by Achilles ' companion , the Greek warrior Aeneas , on returning home after burning Troy . There 's a temple , theater and sanctuary . Set in a remote part of Sicily , surrounded by fields , the archaeological site is nonetheless well-kept . It 's way off the traditional tourist route and one of the least visited ancient sites in Italy . Baglio Segesta  Italian site only ; Contrada Pispisa ; +393488830124 ; rooms from $ 54  is a typical Sicilian rural estate close to the site . 4 . The Gardens of Ninfa  Norma-Latium , Lazio Eden , if it existed , quite possibly looked like this . There are cascades of multicolored plants , spouting fountains and rich bird life . Running water is the only sound , and the odd tweet and whirr of wings . Once a hellish , malaria-infested backwater , the Ninfa Gardens were turned into a 105-hectare oasis in the early 20th century by the Caetani Princes . The Ninfa  "  Nymph "  River cuts through the space , which includes rare ruins of an entire medieval town . Norma on the Lepini Hills , overlooking the Pontine Valley and the sea , is the closest city . Hotel Villa del Cardinale  Via dei Colli 44 , Norma ; +39  0  773354611 ; rooms from $ 38  has a well regarded restaurant with Latium specialties . 5 . Stagnone Lagoon  Marsala , Sicily Separating you from the open sea -- the Mediterranean -- is an archipelago of small islands dotted with ancient windmills . On the lagoon in a boat , you hold a glass of sweet Marsala wine . In the background , there 's an orange-pink sunset . The only sounds come from things stirring in the hot breeze and low waves rocking the boat . The sunset aperitif served out here on the water by a tour company  Italian site only  comes with what 's almost a dinner : 12 types of Sicilian finger foods -- it 's tempting to stuff yourself at the first dish . The boat takes you out when the sun starts to set , anchors in the middle of the lagoon and brings you back when you 've had enough of the quiet . Hotel picks in Marsala include New Hotel Palace  Via Lungomare Mediterraneo 57 ; +390923719492 ; rooms from $ 108  , close to the harbor . Restaurant La Corte dei Mangioni  Via Giovanni Bovio 28 ; +39  0  923951939 ; from $ 20  serves traditional Sicilian cuisine . 6 . Linosa  Pelagie Islands Stuck in the Mediterranean halfway between Sicily and Tunisia , this tiny volcanic atoll is off most travelers ' radar . People who do make it out here cluster on the noisier sister island of Lampedusa . But to silence seekers , Linosa is bliss . Ultimate silence can be found hiking up the extinct crater of Monte Vulcano . At the summit , a panorama of black rocks dotted with fluorescent green cacti and prickly pears stretches to the sea . This is the kingdom of a special kind of silence -- sea silence . A single road circles Linosa . There are a few , low-rise traditional dwellings and a bar that makes great slushies when it 's hot . On the beach of La Pozzolana , you might be lucky enough to find sea turtles from the island 's animal hospital being released into the sea . Linosa has few hotels . Linoikos  Via Vittorio Alfieri , +39  0  92272212 ; rooms from $ 45  has modern , brightly colored rooms and serves fish bought direct from island fishermen . 7 . Civita di Bagnoreggio  Viterbo , Lazio Here you find "  the silence of a dying city . " That 's how the citizens of Civita di Bagnoreggio describe it . The town sits atop a high , narrow plateau of crumbling rock formed from compressed volcanic ash . Each year , it slips a little further over the edge . The population has dwindled over the past century to little more than around 10 hardy hangers on . It 's quiet . The original bridge to the town collapsed , replaced by a dizzying metal catwalk . Once within the town , you can only get around on foot -- cars threaten further erosion . Writers and yoga practitioners are drawn here for the calm that prevails -- strange , given that catastrophe seems just around the corner . Or over the edge . Corte della Maest  Via della Provvidenza ; +39  0  3358793077 ; rooms from $ 330  is a small villa inside the hamlet . Alma Civita  Via della Provvidenza , +39  0  761792415 from $ 162  serves guests traditional recipes . 8 . Porcini mushroom hunting  Frignano Park , Emilia-Romagna The deep mountain silence of the rugged Apennines , Italy 's smaller Alps , is what 's on offer here . Solitary valleys are dotted with stone structures the Celts erected during their invasion in the 4th century BC . Wild porcini mushrooms , one of the great delicacies of Italian cuisine , are part of the allure . For a $ 20 ticket from park authorities  Italian site only ; +39  0  536 72134  you can go on a porcini hunt and pick as many you can find . There 's a magical ambiance in the forest -- a local legend describes "  the ghost of clouds . " If that 's not a silent image , what is ? La Capanna dei Celti  Doccia di Fiumalbo ; +39  0  5367 4444 ; rooms from $ 60  , set at 1,400 meters , has the feel of a cozy mountain hut . The menu served to guests includes strong-flavored dishes such as wild boar . 9 . Alicudi  Aeolian Islands The farthest and wildest of the Aeolian Islands , Alicudi offers a no-frills , zero sound pollution break amid turquoise waters , pebble beaches and prickly pears . "  Donkey taxis " are the main means of transportation across the island 's 10,000 steps and 25 kilometers of ancient pathways -- you 'll hear no roaring engines . And there are no banks -- you 'll need cash -- only one tiny supermarket and a newsstand . Casa Ibiscus Resort  Via Roma , +39  0  3409207605 ; stays from $ 1,800  is an Aeolian-style villa with a seafront terrace rented on a weekly base . Spaghetti with caper cream is a top dish at Restaurant Ericusa , part of Hotel Ericusa  Via Perciato ; +390909889902  . 10 . Mt. Soratte  near Rome You need n't go too far from possibly the noisiest place in Italy , Rome , to find silence . A sacred hill to the ancient Romans , the "  sleeping giant " of Mt. Soratte spikes up from the Tiber Valley an hour from the capital . Hiking routes wind through a dense forest gouged with rock chasms . You might find wild boar footprints beneath you and hear hawks ' cries above . The so-called Hermit Path leads to the highest peak , where there 's an ancient stone shrine . Here 's where Pope St. Sylvester I is said to have miraculously cured Emperor Constantine of leprosy . For a moment , given the purity of the air and the heavenly view , you can believe it . The Panta Rei rural estate  Localit Ponticello , Sant ` Oreste ; +390761578728 ; rooms from $ 54  overlooks the promontory . Al Campanile  Italian site only ; Via Filippo Leoni 8 ; +39  0  761579950  , in the hillside town of Sant ` Oreste , serves recommended local cuisine . Silvia Marchetti is a Rome-based travel writer who has contributed to Newsweek , the Financial Times and New York Times .	Academy of Silence announces plan to map Italy 's quietest places One possible candidate is a hotel with no TVs or phones -- and single rooms only Sicily 's Stagnone Lagoon promises quality silence on the water Almost abandoned Civita di Bagnoreggio is falling off a cliff -- but it 's peaceful
CNN  -- The Obama administration plans to announce Wednesday the creation of seven "  climate hubs " to provide information to rural communities facing extreme weather conditions . The hubs by the U . S. Department of Agriculture will provide scientific knowledge to help farmers , ranchers and landowners battle risks associated with climate change , including drought , floods , pests and fires . "  For generations , America 's farmers , ranchers and forest landowners have innovated and adapted to challenges , " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said . However , he said , rural communities face more complex challenges today because of climate change . "  USDA 's climate hubs are part of our broad commitment to developing the next generation of climate solutions so that our agricultural leaders have the modern technologies and tools they need to adapt and succeed in the face of a changing climate , " Vilsack said . The hubs will be in Iowa , New Hampshire , North Carolina , Colorado , Oklahoma , Oregon and New Mexico . Additional sub-hubs will be set up in various other states , including Michigan and California . Climate hubs will focus on regional issues , and will equip local communities with knowledge to help them adapt . "  Sub hubs will support the hub within their region and focus on a narrow and unique set of issues relative to what will be going on in the rest of the hub , " the White House said in a statement . Rural communities have been especially hit by climate change . In the Midwest , for example , the fire season is 60 days longer than it was three decades ago , the statement said . In addition to affecting food supply and rural economies , climate change comes with a hefty price tag . "  Drought alone was estimated to cost the U.S. $ 50 billion from 2011 to 2013 . Such risks have implications not only for agricultural producers , but for all Americans , " the statement said . The hubs are part of a broader commitment by President Barack Obama to make climate change a priority . Vilsack will introduce the hubs at the White House on Wednesday .	Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to introduce the new venture Wednesday Climate change has led to increased risks for farmers , ranchers and landowners The hubs are part of a broader U.S. commitment to deal with climate change
CNN  -- England batsman Jonathan Trott has been named the ICC 's cricketer of the year for 2011 . The 30-year-old headed off teammate Alastair Cook , who won the Test player award , last year 's winner Sachin Tendulkar of India and South Africa opening batsman Hashim Amla . He scored 1,042 runs in 12 Tests , including four centuries at an average of 65 per innings , as top-ranked England won series against Australia , Sri Lanka , India and Pakistan . In 24 one-day internationals , he hit 1,064 runs at an average of 48 . "  It 's fantastic to be part of a successful team , and I never envisaged winning this award . It 's a brilliant feeling to be recognized , " the South Africa-born Trott said at the awards ceremony in London on Monday . The awards , in their eighth year , covered the period from August 11 , 2010 to August 3 , 2011 . Cook scored 1,302 runs at an average of 51.74 in 12 Tests during that period , including 235 not out as England retained the Ashes -- winning a five-day series in Australia for the first time since 1987 . India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni won the Spirit of Cricket award after allowing England batsman Ian Bell to be reinstated after a controversial run out during the second Test at Nottingham in July . Sri Lanka batsman and wicketkeeper Kumar Sangakkara won both the one-day player award and the People 's Choice prize , voted for by the public . New Zealand bowler Tim Southee claimed the award for best Twenty20 international performance after taking five wickets and holding a catch during a victory at home to Pakistan in December . West Indies leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo was named as Emerging Player of the Year , while 20-year-old compatriot Stafanie Taylor won the top women 's award for her performances with both bat and ball . Pakistan 's Aleem Dar won the top umpire award for the third year in a row , heading off five-time recipient Simon Taufel , his fellow Australian Steve Davis and England 's Ian Gould .	England cricketers rewarded after dominating in the past 12 months Batsman Jonathan Trott named top overall player by ruling body the ICC Alastair Cook is chosen as the best player in the five-day Test format Sri Lanka 's Kumar Sangakkara wins two awards , in one-day and public vote categories
Abu Dhabi , Uae  CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates will not implement a planned ban on all BlackBerry services that was to have gone into effect next week , the state news agency said Friday . The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority confirmed that all BlackBerry services have conformed to the agency 's regulations , the WAM news agency said . As a result , authorities will not follow through with a ban on services that was to have gone into effect on Monday . The news agency did not immediately say how Research In Motion  RIM  , the Canadian company that produces the BlackBerry , conformed to the regulatory authority 's concerns . "  RIM can not discuss the details of confidential regulatory matters that occur in specific countries , but RIM confirms that it continues to approach lawful access matters internationally within the framework of core principles that were publicly communicated by RIM on August 12 , " the company said in a statement . In August , the UAE threatened to block access to e-mail , web browsing and text messages on the popular smartphone if Research In Motion did n't provide government access for security investigations . The BlackBerry is the dominant smartphone in the UAE , where the capital , Abu Dhabi , and the emirate of Dubai are major business hubs of the Middle East . The threatened ban would have affected more than a half-million BlackBerry users in the country , as well as visitors to Dubai and the rest of the emirates . For consumers , the UAE controversy represents a growing battle between digital companies and governments over data security . While companies like BlackBerry want to ensure their users ' privacy , governments increasingly want access for security reasons . BlackBerry messages are encrypted to keep them from being deciphered by anyone who might intercept them . Other companies , like Google , have added encryption -- in Google 's case , after some private data was compromised , setting off a public spat with China 's government . Operating systems such as the iPhone 's and Google 's Android often store information "  in the clouds , " meaning over the internet , while BlackBerry sends data to its own offshore servers , said Tim Beyers , a senior technology analyst for The Motley Fool , a financial services company . However , virtually all smartphone systems geared toward corporate clients are encrypted , he noted . While various companies have agreed to offer "  back doors " for governments when they 're investigating potential security threats , BlackBerry 's stock in trade has been privacy . "  RIM has been known as the very buttoned-down , corporate smartphone supplier , " Beyers said in August . "  Security is the No. 1 reason that perception has remained . That is their competitive advantage and anything that dilutes that story dilutes their corporate advantage and makes it harder for Research in Motion to grow . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report	The country says BlackBerry services have conformed to regulations The news agency does not say how the UAE 's concerns have been addressed BlackBerry is the dominant smartphone in the UAE
CNN  -- Jero is making old , new again in Japan . African-American Jero is famous for singing Japanese enka . The 27-year-old American has made a name for himself singing enka , a traditional form of lounge music that flourished in 1940 's Japan . It seems an unlikely musical style for the Pittsburgh native to pursue . Enka 's fan based comes generally from an older generation and is practically unknown outside of Japan , with simple song themes about love and loss . But Jero , real name Jerome White , with his youth , hip-hop look and fine singing voice has propelled enka into the 21st century and captured a new audience . It was the influence of his Japanese grandmother that first led him on the path to enka . She ensured that Jero was aware of his connection to the culture of Japan and sang enka songs in Japanese with him when he was young . He went on to study Japanese at high school and spent time in Japan while on an exchange with the University of Pittsburgh . After he graduated he moved to Japan , working as a computer scientist and teaching English . His big break came when he appeared on an amateur singer TV show . On the back of that success he released his first single in early 2008 , promoting it with live appearances in record stores and the odd impromptu street performances . It shot up the Japanese singles chart , reaching No 4 , the highest ever position for a first time enka release . Watch the show on CNN as we spend time with him in a karaoke spot in Tokyo and find out how he 's dealing with sudden fame in a foreign country .	Jero has made traditional Japanese enka songs hip and found new audience He sang enka with his Japanese grandmother when he was a young boy Found success on talent show and first single made No. 4 in charts
CNN  -- A November 1 trial date has been set for Brian David Mitchell , who is suspected in the 2002 kidnapping of Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart , said a spokeswoman for federal prosecutors . U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball set the trial date at a scheduling conference Friday , said Melodie Rydalch , spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Utah . Mitchell was not in court that day , she said . The trial is expected to take two weeks , according to the case file . Mitchell 's defense attorneys have apparently indicated they will file a motion asking for a change of venue , as the case file said Kimball set a May 26 deadline for the motion and agreed to hear arguments before July 11 . Mitchell is accused of abducting Smart , then 14 , at knifepoint from her bedroom in her family 's Salt Lake City , Utah , home in June 2002 . Smart was found nine months later , walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Eileen Barzee . Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who called himself "  Emmanuel , " had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . Barzee , now 64 , pleaded guilty in November to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor . As part of a plea deal with prosecutors , she agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . Earlier this month , Kimball ruled Mitchell , now 56 , is competent to stand trial . State court proceedings against him have been on hold pending the outcome of the federal case . Smart , now 21 , testified in October as part of Mitchell 's competency hearing that after kidnapping her , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her before sexually assaulting her . She testified that in the nine months of her captivity , no 24-hour period passed without Mitchell raping her . Kimball 's ruling on Mitchell 's competency can not be appealed until after the case concludes . Barzee had been housed at the Utah State Hospital while courts determined her competency as well as that of her husband . A state court had ruled she could be forcibly medicated , and that ruling led federal prosecutors to file charges against her . Last month , Barzee pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court in the attempted kidnapping of Smart 's cousin a month after her kidnapping . In exchange for the plea to one count of conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping , state prosecutors dropped charges against Barzee in Smart 's abduction . Federal prosecutors have recommended that Barzee serve a sentence of 15 years , but asked that her sentencing date be continued to allow for her participation in the case against Mitchell . She faces between one and 15 years in prison on the state charge , but prosecutors agreed to allow that sentence to run concurrently with the federal sentence .	Brian David Mitchell is charged with kidnapping Elizabeth Smart from her bedroom in 2002 Smart , then 14 , was found nine months later walking with Mitchell and his wife Mitchell 's attorneys apparently plan to ask for change of venue Under a plea deal , Mitchell 's wife agreed to cooperate in case against her husband
CNN  The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago this week captured global attention and inspired the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls , but the horrors for Nigeria 's children are widespread . "  Around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast Nigeria between Boko Haram , military forces and civilian self-defense groups , " UNICEF said Monday . The "  number of children running for their lives within Nigeria , or crossing over the border to Chad , Niger and Cameroon , has more than doubled in just less than a year . " UNICEF released a report on the crisis titled "  Missing Childhoods . " It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood . The campaign has "  leading Snapchat artists " sharing images based on drawings from children in Nigeria , Chad , Niger and Cameroon . Artwork can also be seen on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr . More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence , UNICEF said . About 1.2 million are displaced internally , while others have crossed into Cameroon , Chad and Niger . "  The vast majority of the displaced -- more than 880,000 -- are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support , putting additional strains on already stretched health , education and social services , " it said . The April 14 , 2014 , kidnappings at a girls school in Chibok by the Islamist group Boko Haram "  is only one of endless tragedies being replicated on an epic scale across Nigeria and the region , " said Manuel Fontaine , UNICEF regional director for West and Central Africa . "  Scores of girls and boys have gone missing in Nigeria -- abducted , recruited by armed groups , attacked , used as weapons , or forced to flee violence . They have the right to get their childhoods back . " Kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants , cooks , and lookouts , UNICEF said . "  Young women and girls are being subjected to forced marriage , forced labor and rape , " it said . At least 196 teachers and 314 schoolchildren were killed in 2014 , and more than 300 schools were damaged or destroyed .	More than 1.5 million people are displaced , including 800,000 children , UNICEF says The kidnappings that inspired #BringBackOurGirls were a year ago this week UNICEF is launching a #bringbackourchildhood campaign
Authorities nationwide are searching for a Minnesota minister accused of 59 felony counts of criminal sexual conduct with two young girls while they were members of his church . Victor Barnard , 52 , was last seen in Spokane , Washington , according to a written statement from the Washington State Patrol . On April 11 , prosecutors in Pine County , Minnesota , issued a criminal complaint after a two-year investigation into allegations from two women about Barnard 's alleged conduct while he was preaching to a religious group in Finlayson , Minnesota . Lindsay Tornambe is one of the two women , who are referred to as "  B " and "  C " in the complaint . Now 27 , she lives in Bethesda , Maryland . She wants Barnard to go to prison . "  I definitely do n't want him hurting anyone else and ruining other people 's lives like mine was , " she told CNN . The complaint says Tornambe alleges that she was sexually abused by Barnard from the ages of 13 to 22 while she and her parents were members of the River Road Fellowship . Tornambe told investigators that Barnard created a group of 10 young girls and women who were known as Alamoths , or maidens . Her group was sent to what she thought was a summer camp , the document says . Tornambe alleges that Barnard first molested her after he preached to her that he represented Jesus Christ in the flesh . She told investigators that she estimated that Barnard sexually assaulted her one to three times a month until she left in 2010 to be with her parents , who had moved to Pennsylvania . In fall 2011 , she was contacted by another former maiden who shared a similar story ; she said she was molested by Barnard from the time she was 12 until she was 20 , although she said the number of sexual acts varied each month . Tornambe and the other woman went to the police in Minnesota . Barnard had moved to Washington state after an admission to affairs with married women caused the religious group to split , the complaint says . Both women said Barnard sometimes became upset with them and was violent . They also said their parents were called to a meeting -- after Barnard allegedly had begun to rape them -- in which he told the parents he might have sex with them . Tornambe 's father told investigators that he knew what Barnard was telling them was wrong , but there was pressure to not be exiled from the church and "  lose everything he had . " The ministry operated in a secluded area of Pine County from about 2000 until 2011 or 2012 , said Chief Deputy Steven Blackwell of the county sheriff 's office . The fellowship vacated the property shortly after a new sheriff was elected and began investigating the ministry , Blackwell said . The Salvation Army now runs a family camp there , he said . In the complaint , an investigating officer with the Washington State Patrol said he spoke with an elder in the church who had two daughters who were maidens . That elder denied that a group had ever been separated from their parents . CNN attempted to reach the man Wednesday night , as well as a man described in the complaint as Barnard 's right-hand man , but was unsuccessful . Lt. Shane Nelson , a criminal investigations officer for the Washington State Patrol , said officers were unable to find Barnard , and it was possible he had fled the area . There are no charges against Barnard in Washington , Nelson said . Dan Coon , a spokesman for Washington State Police , added Thursday that a detective is working with the Pine County Sheriff 's Office in their search for Barnard .	Victor Barnard was a preacher at the River Road Fellowship in Minnesota Two women allege that he started to molest them at the ages of 12 and 13 Authorities in Minnesota announced 59 charges after a two-year investigation The search for Barnard began in Spokane , Washington , where he had moved
CNN  -- Its official : Deep cuts in federal spending are under way , $ 85 billion over the next seven months . The question we should all be asking soon is : Where are the jobs ? The reason given by Republicans and conservatives for the urgent need to drastically reduce federal spending was that mounting federal debt and big government was stifling private investment and economic output . Now , we will see whether that justification for the spending cuts was fact or fig leaf . The truth is that the reductions in spending that will take place over the next year will , at a minimum , have no positive impact on the economy . In the worst case , the cuts could lead to increased unemployment and slower , if not negative , economic growth . In fact , many experts estimate the cuts are most likely to cost jobs : more than 700,000 according to Macroeconomic Advisers LLC . In no case are the recently enacted sequester cuts likely to stimulate job creation and increased economic growth . There will , however , be a good deal of measurable and immediate pain for millions of American households directly affected by the cuts . Many of them will be families that have been teetering on the financial edge since the beginning of the recession , and many more will be those who have fallen permanently into "  barely getting by " status . Already , even the modest recovery that is under way is not equally shared . As the Dow last week pierced the 14,000 level to flirt with an all-time high , fourth quarter GDP for 2012 was reported to have increased at an annual rate of a mere 0.1 % . Although that estimate could be revised upward in the months ahead , the fact remains that wealthy investors are largely immune to the pain being experienced by a major share of the U.S. population . According to University of California , Berkeley professor Emmanuel Saez , fully 93 % of the increase in total U.S. family income in 2010 , the first full year of recovery , went to the top 1 % . Public policies such as stimulative Federal Reserve actions that are helping to inflate the stock market , and tax cuts for the wealthy , have combined to create a level of economic inequality not seen in the United States since the Great Depression . Further , according to Dean Maki , chief United States economist at Barclays , corporate earnings have risen at an annualized rate of 20 % since the end of 2008 , while household disposable income has barely moved , averaging an inflation-adjusted 1.4 % annually over the same period . The recently enacted sequestration cuts will further fuel the disparity between corporate America , the wealthy and middle class , and the poor . The truth is that there is no debt crisis that was necessary to address with these cuts . As our economy grows and people get back to work , the debt and deficit will naturally decrease with a rising tax base , increasing consumer spending and the public investment that comes with greater revenue and improved consumer confidence and business sentiment . The most effective way to promote that result , particularly now , given the economy 's current slow growth trajectory , is to invest strategically in the economy in a manner that will provide the incentives for new private investment , business growth and ultimately job creation . President Obama has repeatedly discussed the need to invest in the nation 's infrastructure . Much of our infrastructure is aging and in dire need of repair or replacement . Investing in infrastructure could enhance market efficiencies , promote green jobs , improve the environment and provide needed employment opportunities in urban and rural communities , as well as on Native American Tribal Lands . Infrastructure investments could include bridge and highway construction and repair , new commuter and high-speed rail lines , upgrading communications systems , renovating or building new schools , community colleges and state-of-the art job training facilities , investing in dams , waterways and water treatment facilities , reclaiming key wetlands , and improving the basic livability of impoverished neighborhoods . For sure , large and growing federal deficits are a legitimate concern . But with 12 million workers searching for jobs , millions more working part-time but wanting full-time employment with flat or falling wages , nearly 13 million families owing more on their homes than they are worth ; with a nearly 40 % drop in net worth for the average American family , and GDP barely in positive territory , the economy is in need of a jump start , not a cutback . Pulling back on federal spending now is equivalent to an unemployed worker refusing to go on job interviews in order to save on gas or bus fare . Since the latter part of 2012 , Washington policymakers have been fixated on federal budget reduction . Yet none of those conversations have led , nor are likely to lead , to the creation of a single job . The American public deserves better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carr	Jim Carr : Forced spending cuts are now under way . Where will the jobs come from ? He says cuts will cause pain in U.S. households ; economists say more than 700,000 jobs lost He says at the same time corporate earnings up , widening gap between rich , poor Carr : Cuts do n't address any debt crisis ; what 's needed is investment in job-building
CNN  -- After months of allegations of racial profiling and poor relations between the police force and populace , officials in the New York city of Rochester are vowing to tackle the issues head-on , a city councilman said Saturday . Adam McFadden told CNN that a 15-member commission will soon form to review the process by which citizens pursue complaints about police . The matter gained national attention in May after a woman was arrested while filming with her iPod camera a police encounter that she believed was a case of racial profiling . "  We are not in the policing business , we are in the people business , " McFadden said of the committee 's intent . "  We will improve the relationship between police and this community . " Police Chief James Sheppard told CNN that he welcomed the initiative . "  A lot of concerns have been brought to our attention relative to our internal process , and we 'd be open to any review and any suggestions that might improve it , " he said . McFadden made the announcement just over a month after sending a bristling letter to Sheppard , Mayor Thomas Richards and City Council President Lovely Warren in which he cites "  an overwhelming number of calls " his office has gotten claiming improper treatment by police , most of them "  made by people of color . " "  The city of Rochester has lost control of its police force , " McFadden 's letter begins . The councilman wrote that citizens ' concerns about police were ignored and "  seen as antagonistic . " He said the force should hire more minority officers , as well as more people from Rochester , and should "  stop racial profiling immediately . " "  We are now suffering the consequences of years of neglect , " McFadden wrote . "  Our policing system is broken . " The councilman has been one of many to claim that the police force has disproportionately gone after blacks , compared to whites , especially when it comes to petty crimes . According to statistics for males 16 to 30 years old from Rochester , 104 blacks and 26 whites were arrested for such crimes in 2000 ; 10 years later , 171 blacks and 20 whites were arrested . This is in a city whose populace is 38.5 % black , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Emily Good has said she filmed the interrogation of a black man by three white police officers in front of her house on May 12 because she was concerned it might be racial profiling . She was arrested that night and charged with obstruction of governmental administration . Prosecutors dismissed the charge on June 27 . Good filed a claim this week , signaling her intent to sue Rochester police for their actions . Sheppard , the police chief , declined to comment extensively on the pending lawsuit , predicting the issue will be resolved via the legal process . "  It will go through the courts , and we 'll see where it ends up , " he said . Mike Mazzeo , head of the Rochester police union , claimed that threats were made against police officers after the incident . "  The whole situation just kind of blew up out of control , " he said .	The Rochester , N.Y. , police have come under recent criticism for racial profiling A city councilman is spearheading a panel to improve how the public can challenge police officers He had written a letter saying the city "  has lost control of its police force " In one case , a woman was arrested while filming a police encounter outside her home
CNN  -- The attorney for Ohio State University 's fired marching band director contends the university report that led to Jonathan Waters ' firing was "  deeply flawed . " Waters , a former assistant band director and former sousaphone player in the marching band in the 1990s , was fired last week after a university investigation concluded he "  knew or reasonably should have known about sexual harassment that created a hostile environment . " "  The report is deeply flawed . Out of 225 band members , over an eight-week period , Ohio State University managed to interview exactly four , including the person who made the complaint , and three people to whom she referred the university , " Waters attorney David F. Axelrod said on Monday . Axeldrod added that of the thousands of local OSU alumni , the university interviewed just five during its two-month investigation . "  With that sort of a skewed sample , the report does not accurately portray anything and can not be relied on for the facts . " The report , released last Wednesday , described longtime traditions in the band like sexually explicit nicknames and something called the "  midnight ramp , " in which band members entered the stadium through a ramp wearing only their underwear . The report alleged staff members , including Waters , were present for the annual event . Axelrod denied this allegation during an interview with CNN on Monday . "  They did not march on the field in their underwear . That 's something , even in that area , the report could n't get it right , " he said . Axelrod says the so-called "  midnight ramp " was not a mandatory event but a "  welcoming practice . " He described an e-mail he received from a former band member . "  No one who did n't want to participate had to participate . If you did n't want to march in your underwear , you did n't have to , " the attorney said in detailing the e-mail . He went on to say the woman who sent him the e-mail "  wore a tank top and gym shorts when she marched in it . " "  I 've gotten e-mail after e-mail from former band members saying exactly the same thing , " Axelrod said . . An audio recording , purportedly of Waters yelling and cursing at a band member , surfaced on Sunday . On the tape released by Ohio State University , the fired band director is heard shouting at a member who contradicted him during practice . "  You ever do that again after we 've given you a direct g ***** n order , and you 're done . Do you understand ? " Axelrod conceded Monday that Waters knew about some of the band 's bad behavior , but he said Waters did "  everything he possibly could to end it . " "  You know he experienced inappropriate behavior as a rookie band member himself . He was deeply affected by it and that 's why as band director he did everything he could to stop anything inappropriate , " the attorney said . But the university did n't think Waters did enough in the 21 months he led the marching band , first as interim director , then as band director . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our students , " OSU President Michael Drake said . "  We expect every member of our community to live up to a common standard of decency and mutual respect and to adhere to university policies . " The university has appointed former Ohio Attorney General Betty Montgomery to lead an independent task force to further investigate the situation and ensure steps are taken to change the band culture , Drake said . The Ohio State University marching band is considered one of the best college marching bands in the country . The band calls itself "  the best damn band in the land . " It shot to fame with an amazing halftime show tribute to Michael Jackson in 2013 that has garnered millions of YouTube views . CNN 's John Berman and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Attorney : OSU report on marching band "  sexualized " culture is "  deeply flawed " OSU releases audio recording purportedly of Jonathan Waters yelling at a band member Attorney David Axelrod says Waters tried to address "  inappropriate behavior "
CNN  -- Death has a way of sanitizing the most virulent and despicable aspects of prominent lives , especially those who trafficked in racial bigotry . Roland S. Martin says former Sen. Jesse Helms was an unapologetic conservative but also unabashedly racist . In the last several years , notorious racists such as former Georgia Gov. Lester Maddox and Sen. Strom Thurmond of South Carolina left this Earth , and in efforts to show the humanity of both , tributes poured in , speaking to their Christian faith and unyielding conservative values . Vice President Dick Cheney spoke warmly of Thurmond at his 2003 funeral , citing his run for president in 1948 . But Cheney failed to mention that he ran as an ardent segregationist . I recall former Sen. Zell Miller holding up a Bible belonging to Maddox as he told the world about Maddox 's wonderful faith , never citing how he used that same Bible to deny African-Americans basic rights . Oh , such good Christian men Maddox and Thurmond were . Now they are joined in the conservative wing of heaven by former Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina , who died July 4 . I 'm sure a freedom-loving man such as Helms would n't have it any other way : meeting his maker on the same day the United States celebrates its independence . The tributes were endless and laudatory , hailing him for being a "  conservative champion , " according to a piece in USA Today . Some mentioned his opposition to various issues of race , including the 1964 Civil Rights Act . Even the Rev. Billy Graham , often called "  America 's pastor , " honored Helms in a 174-word statement , ending it by saying that folks "  honor his legendary life and extraordinary legacy . " But to recognize Helms properly in his totality , it 's important to add to the list of words and phrases to describe the unapologetic conservative Republican : unabashedly racist . It 's easy in this age to say that Helms , who carried his dislike of African - Americans like a badge of honor for 30 years around the U.S. Senate , was a son of the South who was simply honoring good , old-fashioned Southern values . But when you stand in opposition to a bill that would , for the first time , give African-Americans from border to border the constitutionally guaranteed right to cast a vote , then I refuse to call you a stand-up person for the rights of every man , woman and child . And do n't try to suggest that because Helms hired several African-Americans in his office that he was still a good and decent guy who was misunderstood . No , he was very clear in how he looked at issues , and if you had the wrong skin color , sorry , but you did n't fully count as an American . As the tributes came in , I wonder if anyone had the audacity to ask former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun what she thought of Helms . Once when she was on the elevator and he saw her , Helms started to sing "  Dixie , " a call-to-arms song for lovers of the Old South , and clearly an offensive song to anyone black . He later said he did it hoping it would make her cry . The two also did n't see eye to eye on the Confederate flag . She was an ardent opponent ; he a devout proponent . It was no surprise that when she was appointed to be a U.S. ambassador by President Clinton , who was her chief blocker ? Good ol' Jesse . Look at the effort to integrate the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals by Clinton . Helms was steadfast in his effort to block an African-American 's appointment to the seat . He and others claimed it was because the court did n't need an additional judge and spending the money was wasteful . But it was evident that Helms did n't want an African-American sitting on what some called the most conservative federal appeals court in the nation . And no one can forget the overt racism he displayed when running for re-election for the U.S. Senate against former Charlotte Mayor Harvey Gantt in 1990 and 1996 . Realizing he could lose in 1990 , Helms agreed to an ad by Republican strategist Alex Castellanos that showed a white hand destroying a job application with an announcer saying that person needed the job but it was given to a minority . It worked with the bigots in North Carolina . That ad put Helms over the top and kept his Senate seat safe . Did Jesse Helms have his convictions ? Sure . But an ideological conviction displayed in the political arena does n't mean we are to overlook a history of denying Americans their rights based on race . Give Helms credit for ushering in a new brand of conservatism in the country . But do n't let that cover up his racism . Roland S. Martin is an award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " Please visit his Web site at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland S. Martin : Tributes hail Jesse Helms as a conservative champion Martin : Helms once purposely whistled "  Dixie " in elevator with black senator Give Helms credit where it 's due but do n't cover up his racism , columnist says
EW.com  -- Warner Bros. has just announced that "  The Hobbit " earned an estimated $ 13 million from midnight showings at 3,100 locations last night , giving it a per-theater average of $ 4,193 from midnight shows alone . It 's a nice recovery from the doldrums of the past two frames . When combined , the last two wide releases to hit theaters , "  Playing for Keeps " and "  Killing Them Softly , " could n't earn $ 13 million over their entire opening weekends . Included in "  The Hobbit 's " midnight figure is $ 1.6 million earned from 326 IMAX theaters . EW.com : ` The Hobbit ' will make a very expected journey to No. 1 Yesterday , I predicted a $ 110 million weekend for "  The Hobbit , " which would make it the fifth-highest opening of 2012 behind the debuts of "  The Avengers "  $ 207.4 million  , "  The Dark Knight Rises "  $ 160.9 million  , "  The Hunger Games "  $ 152.5 million  , and "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 "  $ 141.1 million  . For reference , here 's how each of those films did at midnight : "  The Avengers " -- $ 18.7 million "  The Hunger Games " -- $ 19.7 million "  The Dark Knight Rises " -- $ 30.6 million "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 " -- $ 30.4 million EW.com : ` The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey ' movie review Despite the comparatively low midnight gross , I 'm expecting "  The Hobbit " to hold up substantially better than all those films over the full weekend thanks to its increased family appeal  parents are n't taking youngsters to see a three-hour movie at midnight  . Encouragingly , "  The Hobbit " played substantially better than other effects-driven December releases like "  Avatar , " which started with $ 3.5 million at midnight on the way to a $ 77 million weekend in 2009 , and "  I Am Legend , " which started with $ 1.7 million on the way to $ 77.2 million in 2007  $ " the current December opening weekend record . Granted , midnight showings were n't nearly as popular even three years ago as they are now , but "  The Hobbit " will still easily crush those grosses . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hobbit " earned an estimated $ 13 million from midnight showings Included in "  The Hobbit 's " midnight figure is $ 1.6 million from IMAX theaters It 's predicted to earn $ 110 million this weekend , when it will have increased family appeal
Norwood , Massachusetts  CNN  -- One-third of America 's youth is now overweight or obese , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In Norwood , Massachusetts , 14-year-old Maria Caprigno no longer wants to be one of those statistics . Maria has been overweight since she was about 3 years old and as she got older , she just got heavier . She told CNN her eating habits were to blame . "  I 'm a junk-food person and because I 'm a couch potato I do n't like to get off the couch , " she said . "  It 's also kind of just like my genes : Both my parents are heavy and that 's just the environment I was raised in . " Maria said people have stared at her all her life because of her weight . "  The first thing that goes through their mind is , ` Why is she so fat ? ' And , ` Oh my god , she 's so fat . Why does n't she just hop on a treadmill ? ' And I think people do n't really understand that it 's not just exercising ... it 's extremely hard . See Maria growing up in pictures "  I get self-conscious , " she said . "  I do n't like to go to crowded places -- like if a mall 's crowded , I 'll sit in the car . " The CDC says obesity rates for Maria 's age group , those 12 to 19 years old , have tripled since 1980 . Maria pleaded with her mother to find a doctor who would perform weight-loss surgery on teenagers . Dr. Evan Nadler , who started a program for adolescent surgery at National Children 's Hospital in Washington , said he felt "  compelled " to help Maria . "  Her BMI -LSB- body mass index -RSB- , which is a measurement we use to determine how obese someone is , put her in the highest risk category . Not just morbidly obese but two categories higher than that , " Nadler said . "  So I felt that withholding a known therapy that works based on her age alone was really almost unethical . " Between 2000 and 2003 , some 800 teenagers went under the knife to lose weight , Nadler said . Before she was approved for surgery , Maria had to meet with a nutritionist , a pediatric cardiologist and a psychologist . In the end , Maria was approved for an experimental procedure known as a "  gastrectomy , " during which about 80 percent of the stomach is removed , including the part of the stomach that controls appetite . Nadler said the procedure "  basically restricts the amount of food that can come into the stomach at any one time and it really makes the patient have a sense of fullness or a lack of hunger . " Maria had the "  gastrectomy " last month and already has lost about 45 pounds . Today she weighs 400 pounds and is down to a size 32 . Maria said she would like one day to be a size 12 but is n't trying to reach a specific weight . "  It 's not about the numbers ; I want to be at a healthy size , " she said . "  I want to be able to go into a normal store and buy something and be able to wear it . I want to be able to run . I have n't been able to run since I was 5 years old . I want to be able wear a bathing suit without feeling embarrassed . "  I just want to be normal . " But Dr. Edward Livingston , a Texas surgeon who also has helped adolescents lose weight , said surgery for teenagers can be risky . He has turned away most teens sent to him for evaluation , he said , and has operated only on those more than 500 pounds with serious health risks such as blood clots and congestive heart failure . "  Adults are a different matter because they are more emotionally mature , " Livingston said . "  They know what risks they want to take and they can buy into the procedure . Kids do n't really know what they 're getting into , so I think you have to be really careful with children before doing these operations on them . " Livingston noted that only a limited number of studies have been done on weight-loss surgery 's effects on teenagers later in life . "  We do n't really know the full spectrum of positive or negative outcomes for the procedures , " he said . Nadler , who operated on Maria , said he fully agrees that "  we need to study this more . But I do n't think it 's fair to the Marias of the world to keep them from having this procedure based on their age alone . " In his own study , Nadler followed 41 teenagers for two years after weight-loss surgery . He said they lost half their excess body weight and their health had improved . Maria said she was well aware of the risks of surgery , but after trying about a dozen different diets , she said , surgery was her only option . Now , she said , she is well on her way to becoming a healthy teen and adult . She works out playing the Wii video game and walks every day with her brother after school . She is eating a high-protein diet . "  This surgery is a tool in your tool box to becoming healthy , " she said . "  It is not the quick fix . You need a lot more . You need to exercise you need to make the right food choices . " In a letter to the insurance company seeking coverage for this procedure , Maria wrote she needed this surgery to make it to her 15th birthday . She said , "  Doctors have told me for years that if I keep gaining weight I 'm not going to see 18 and that has terrified me . I want to live . I want to do so many things . "	Maria Caprigno underwent weight-loss surgery at age 14 Procedure involved removing most of her stomach Some doctors say teens are too young to undergo the procedures
My girls , ages 6 and 8 , love sports , but we are not a family that watches much baseball or even follows the Little League World Series . Of course , that was before we heard the name Mo ` ne Davis , the 13-year-old pitching phenom . Now we check to see when she and her team , Philadelphia 's Taney Dragons , will play again  Wednesday night against Las Vegas  and celebrate her girl power achievements . She 's the first girl to throw a shutout in the Little League World Series , the sixth to get a hit in World Series history and the first Little Leaguer to get front-page attention on one of the nation 's top sports magazines . "  A girl on the cover of Sports Illustrated for her prowess in a man 's sport , " cheered "  Inside Edition " host Deborah Norville in an e-mail . "  Mo ` ne is wowing not just the sports world but all of us ! " We 're not just taken with how this 5-foot-4 inch eighth-grader throws 70-mph fastballs and strikes out batter after batter . We 're also blown away by her grace under pressure and how she 's just being Mo ` ne . "  I never thought that I would be a role model at this age ... so I just have to be myself , " she said in a recent ESPN interview . She 's an inspiration to any little girl who wants to play baseball some day -- and to all the women who know firsthand the doubters and naysayers that Davis has no doubt encountered on her path to World Series history . Stephanie Tuck , a New York media strategist and fitness blogger at TuckTakesOff.com , spent two years as the only girl on her Little League team and the only girl in her league when she was growing up in Newton , Massachusetts . "  I was heckled by the dads : ` Get that girl off the field , ' " she said they would scream . "  I used to literally pray the ball would not come to me in right field as the pressure was so intense . " On her Facebook page , along with a clip of a recent interview that Davis did , Tuck gushed , "  Love her !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " "  Her impact is that she will not only inspire other girls to play but she is helping to remove the ` specialness ' of girls playing on that level , " she said . "  Over time people wo n't be amazed that a girl is so good . They will simply be amazed that a particular pitcher or catcher or fielder is so good . Gender wo n't matter . " That will no doubt take some time , but already Davis is sending a message to girls and boys , says Donna Orender , a former president of the WNBA . The message to girls is pursue your dreams no matter what , said Orender , who has created a nonprofit called Generation W focusing on inspiring women and girls . "  Go do what you think you want to do and do your best because you know there 's some mound waiting for you to make your best pitch on . " Davis ' success teaches boys and men about understanding and realizing that , "  Oh my goodness , there really are girls that can do that . " She also helps do away with those "  gender-based biases we 're taught as kids about the boys ' role and the girls ' role , " she added . Case in point : When I was recently at a party and my 10-year-old nephew started to make a crack that someone "  throws like a girl , " he stopped himself . Sure , he knew his aunt frowned on such a negative comment , but then he thought about Davis and actually said her name . "  Throws like a girl " has a whole different meaning now , he realized . "  It 's when a girl pitches a no-hitter  or two  or has a 70-mph fastball  and  is no big deal that we know we have made progress because throwing like a girl is equivalent or better than throwing like a boy , " said Dorothy Liu , a mom of a soon-to-be middle schooler in Bellevue , Washington . Liu said she tries to instill in her daughter that being a girl is never an excuse for not trying something new . So will Davis open the floodgate of girls playing sports that boys traditionally play , wondered Norville , the television host and best-selling author ? "  Unlikely , but it will make it that much easier for the exceptional girl who wants to play with the boys , " she added . And the more athletes such as Davis who can command the attention of men , women , boys and girls alike , the more success for women 's sports , which still do n't get the respect , attention and TV contracts that male-dominated sports receive . Elite women athletes "  elevate their support economically , which is what has to happen for women 's professional sports to continue to grow , " said Orender , who is also a former women 's professional basketball player . Davis has already increased interest exponentially in the Little League World Series , bringing much needed attention to the national pastime that has suffered , on the major league level , from performance-enhancing drug scandals , declining attendance and few superstar players . "  Mo ` ne Davis could actually be  the  antidote to the loss of young people interested in baseball . Is n't there a beautiful irony here that there 's a young woman that 's attracting all this attention to baseball ? " Orender said . Davis , for her part , has her focus squarely on her next game at the World Series , and not on her future , but when asked her dreams , she has something specific in mind . And if you were hoping she 'd say becoming the first woman to take major league baseball by storm , you might be a tad disappointed . Her goal is to be point guard for the University of Connecticut women 's basketball team and then play in the WNBA . If she can do on a basketball court what she 's proven she can do on the mound , we 'll no doubt be hearing Mo ` ne Davis ' name for many years to come . What do you think Mo ` ne Davis ' impact will be on girls and sports ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Mo ` ne Davis is the first girl to throw a shutout in Little League World Series history She 's also the first Little Leaguer to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated Davis and her team play again Wednesday night at the Little League World Series Parents say Davis is already inspiring girls and boys
CNN  -- I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but George W. Bush is 100 % correct -- at least when it comes to immigration reform . And just so it 's clear : I was never a Bush supporter . In fact , I made a living during his presidency telling jokes that mocked him , from his policies to his greatest weakness -- speaking English . But Bush 's statement this week on immigration reform was right on target . The ex-president told attendees at a naturalization ceremony on Wednesday : "  We 're a nation of immigrants , and we must uphold that tradition , which has strengthened our country in so many ways . "  I hope during the debate that we keep a benevolent spirit in mind , and we understand the positive contributions immigrants make to our country . ... But we have a problem , the laws governing the immigration system are n't working . The system is broken . " A majority of Americans think our immigration system is in dire need of repair . Indeed , a recent Fox news poll found that 76 % of Americans believe it 's important to pass major immigration reform , with 74 % favoring a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. Yes , I 'm touting not only George W. Bush but also a Fox News poll as well .  Clearly , the apocalypse ca n't be too far . So what has Congress done to address the issue ? Well , in June the U.S. Senate passed legislation with bipartisan support to overhaul the immigration system . The proposed law would greatly increase border security by requiring the completion of a 700-mile fence along our Mexican boundary , adding 20,000 more border agents and spending more than $ 3 billion in border monitoring technology . In addition , it would provide a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants after they fulfill numerous conditions , including waiting 13 years and paying back taxes . With polls showing so much support for immigration reform , you would assume that the bill will soon become the law of the land . But there 's one huge problem : The Republicans control the House of Representatives . This week , House Republican leaders made it clear that the Senate bill would not be brought to a vote because it does not have sufficient support of Republican members . House Republicans especially oppose the pathway to citizenship provision . So what 's going to happen to immigration reform ? Well , House Republicans did say there 's a chance of enacting laws that focuses on border security . The GOP truly has an existential question to answer : Will it remain a national political party or just a regional one ? That 's the stake with immigration reform . Just look at the 2012 election . Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney received only 27 % of the Latino vote . That is a lower percentage than what Republican presidential candidates received in the past three elections . Latinos make up 16 % of our population , and their numbers will only grow . Opposition to immigration reform will likely take a toll on the GOP in upcoming elections . But this is not an issue that concerns only Latino Americans . It also hits close to home for many , if not all , other immigrant communities in America . Why would House Republicans refuse to enact a law that is good policy and good politics ? There are many reasons . One is that many House Republicans represent grotesquely gerrymandered conservative districts that give them little incentive to compromise . Two , they are being bullied by loudmouths on the right such as Rush Limbaugh , U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and others . Former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin even got into the action urging people via her Facebook post to : "  Join the mama grizzlies who are rearing up tirelessly to swat away false claims that amnesty is a good thing . "  Whenever I 'm on the fence about an issue , I will see where Palin stands and then take the opposite view because I know that 's the correct one . Perhaps these words of Bush can inspire House Republicans to do the right thing : "  Rarely is the question asked : Is our children learning ? " OK , that 's not relevant but it makes me laugh every time . Actually , what Bush said this week sums it up : "  We can uphold our traditions of assimilating immigrants and honoring our heritage of a nation built on the rule of law . " Let 's hope House Republicans have the courage to stand up to those on the far right of their party and not focus solely on building walls at the border but also on helping America remain the great melting pot that it is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : George W. Bush is 100 % correct on immigration reform Obeidallah : House Republicans should take a page from the former president He says the GOP will likely take a hit in upcoming elections if they block reform Obeidallah : A majority of Americans support reform , so what is the GOP thinking ?
Havana  CNN  -- More than 50 years after the fact , Cuba has published the diary that Ernesto "  Che " Guevara kept during the armed struggle that he waged alongside Fidel Castro from the Sierra Maestra mountains . "  Diary of a Combatant " recounts Guevara 's experiences from coming ashore in Cuba on December 2 , 1956 , until shortly before the bearded rebels declared victory January 1 , 1959 . According to Guevara 's widow , Aleida March , the goal is "  to show his work , his thoughts , his life , so that the Cuban people and the entire world get to know him and do n't distort things anymore . " The book was edited by the Che Guevara Studies Center , which is directed by March , and published by Australia 's Ocean Press/Ocean Sur . Researchers said that Guevara kept his diary in hand-written notebooks and that part of the reason they put off publishing the diary was because some of the notebooks were missing . "  Where are the notebooks ? We don  t know , and there are a lot of different versions , " Maria del Carmen Ariet , a leading researcher from the Che Guevara Studies Center , said at a press conference to launch the book . But she also said that much of the material was included in "  Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War , " a more polished account of his time in the Sierra Maestra mountains that Guevara published in 1963 . "  We 'd have to ask if he really wanted the ` Diary of a Combatant ' published , " she said . Some of Guevara 's other diaries have been commercially successful , most notably "  The Motorcycle Diaries , " the memoir of a 23-year-old medical student on a road trip in Latin America . Guevara was born in Argentina in 1928 and met Castro in 1955 in Mexico City , where he was plotting his return to Cuba to overthrow Fulgencio Batista . During the guerrilla fighting in the mountains , Guevara was the first subordinate to be promoted to the rank of "  comandante " by Castro . He went on to become Cuba 's Central Bank chief before heading to Africa and then Bolivia to continue armed struggles . He was killed in 1967 .	"  Diary of a Combatant " spans period between 1956 and 1959 It includes accounts of armed struggle beside Fidel Castro in Cuba Much of the material was published in a 1963 book
Robel Phillipos , a friend of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's , was convicted Tuesday on two counts of lying to federal agents investigating the 2013 bombing , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Prosecutors said Phillipos lied to investigators about being in Tsarnaev 's college dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth after the bombing . He faces up to eight years in prison on each count and a $ 250,000 fine . He will be sentenced January 29 . After the verdict , U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz said thousands of citizens assisted law enforcement in identifying and tracking down the suspects following one of the most significant events in Boston 's modern history . "  A federal jury concluded that Robel Phillipos did just the opposite , " she told reporters . "  He lied to agents when he could have helped . He concealed when he could have assisted . It is a crime to lie to law enforcement agents , and that is why Robel Phillipos was charged and why the jury found him guilty today . But this case also reminds us that our public safety network relies on every citizen in the commonwealth . " Defense attorneys Derege Demissie and Susan Church said their client will appeal the verdict . "  Basically ... the jury found that he was present in the room while others did what they did in this case , " Church said . Defense lawyers argued that Phillipos , a Boston native , was a "  frightened and confused 19-year-old " when authorities questioned him several times in the days following the April 15 , 2013 , bombing , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 . "  I do n't believe that Robel Phillipos has ever been more angry at a person than he was at Dzhokhar Tsarnaev when Robel found out that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev did what he did in this case , " Church said after the verdict . "  He was absolutely mortified . It was an unbelievable feeling of shock and betrayal that somebody that he knew could commit such atrocious and horrible acts . " Police believe Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- who was killed by police after the attacks -- set off the two bombs near the race 's finish line . Phillipos attended high school with the younger Tsarnaev at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge , Massachusetts . According to court documents , Phillipos had n't seen or talked to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for at least two months before the bombing . He was taking a semester off from the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth and was only on campus the night of April 18 , 2013 , for a seminar . His attorneys said that Phillipos was under tremendous pressure when he was interrogated and did n't have a lawyer at the time to help him . Phillipos ' presence on campus that night is a case of "  sheer coincidence and bad luck , " the defense lawyers said . Phillipos was living with his mother , an Ethiopian who immigrated to the United States in the 1980s and is now employed as a social worker . In July , a federal jury found another friend of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's guilty of obstructing the investigation into the attack . The jury found Azamat Tazhayakov guilty of obstructing justice and conspiring to obstruct justice in connection with the removal of a backpack with potential evidence from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the bombings . Tazhayakov will be sentenced November 19 . A third friend of Tsarnaev 's , Dias Kadyrbayev , pleaded guilty in August to conspiring to obstruct justice and obstructing justice with the intent to impede the bombing investigation . He will be sentenced November 18 . Prosecutors said Phillipos repeatedly lied to investigators when he denied that he entered Tsarnaev 's dormitory room and saw Kadyrbayev remove a backpack containing fireworks on the evening of April 18 , 2013 . At trial , prosecutors showed that Phillipos saw the images released by the FBI of the suspected bombers and recognized Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . On April 18 , Phillipos went with Tazhayakov to Tsarnaev 's dormitory room , where he and Tazhayakov watched as Kadyrbayev searched through Tsarnaev 's belongings and found a backpack containing fireworks . When Kadyrbayev , Tazhayakov and Phillipos left Tsarnaev 's room at 10:30 p.m. , Kadyrbayev removed Tsarnaev 's backpack containing fireworks , a jar of Vaseline , and Tsarnaev 's laptop computer , prosecutors said . Later that night while Tazhayakov and Phillipos watched the manhunt for the Tsarnaevs on television , Kadyrbayev discussed getting rid of the backpack with the fireworks with them . Kadrybayev placed Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's backpack in a garbage bag and dropped it in a trash bin outside their apartment . The FBI recovered the backpack a week later at a landfill . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov are both nationals of Kazakhstan who were temporarily living in the United States on student visas while attending the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth .	Robel Phillipos convicted of lying to federal agents in Boston Marathon bombing probe He is a friend of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's Federal jury found another friend , Azamat Tazhayakov , guilty of obstructing justice A third friend , Dias Kadyrbayev , pleaded guilty to conspiring to obstruct justice
CNN  -- Tony Stewart 's profession is driving for millions of dollars a year in NASCAR races , but his hobby is racing against amateurs on dirt tracks for trophies . Stewart , 43 , started in go-carts when he was just 5 in Columbus , Indiana , 50 miles south of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . He rose through the ranks , winning the Indy Racing League championship in 1997 before moving to NASCAR two years later . He 's won three championships in NASCAR 's top series -- the Sprint Cup -- and he 's a co-owner of his racing team . Other drivers started calling him "  Smoke " because that 's what they saw coming from his tires as he steered aggressively through turns on asphalt tracks . While burning rubber wore down tire tread needed late in a race , it added to his reputation as one of the most competitive drivers , both behind the wheel and off the track . Sponsors pay big bucks to display their logos on Stewart 's No. 14 car because they know millions will watch it speed around the big track hundreds of times in a single event , as many as three dozen weekends a year . His bad-boy antics , the fights and the words , make him stand out among dozens of other personalities in the sport . Even the fans who boo him are watching . He shows up unshaven on race days in contrast to more polished drivers who are more careful with words and actions to avoid alienating sponsors and fans . Winning , either on NASCAR 's asphalt or unsanctioned dirt , is Stewart 's goal . As he sacrifices valuable tire tread for track cred , he also puts great passion into his non-paying hobby , carried out at the risk of his big-money professional driving . Why one NASCAR champion loves dirt tracks "  Being on a dirt track a lot of times is like being on a gravel road , " Stewart said in a 2006 interview . "  If you go just a little bit too fast the car 's going to slide . If you hit the gas too hard , it spins the tires or kicks the rocks up . If you try to stop too fast , you skid , you lock up the brakes . That 's what makes driving on dirt more technical . " When he won a dirt track race in Michigan last month , he tweeted to fans as if he 'd won the Daytona 500 : "  If you have n't heard already , I ran my sprint car tonight and won ! Felt great to run it again . Was a 2nd place car but had a little luck : " That "  little luck " was the driver of the lead car crashing . Stewart was leading a 30-lap dirt track race at Southern Iowa Speedway a year ago when his car flipped , breaking two bones in his right leg . It ended his NASCAR Sprint Cup 2013 season 15 races early , costing him and his sponsors a lot of money . The August 11 , 2013 , race at Watkins Glen , New York , was the first start Stewart missed in 521 NASCAR races since his 1999 debut at the Daytona 500 . Ironically , he missed Watkins Glen again this year because of a dirt track tragedy on Saturday . Tony Stewart hits , kills driver at dirt-race track Stewart hit and killed another driver , Kevin Ward Jr. , during a sprint car race at Canandaigua Motorsports Park in Ontario County , New York . Video shows that Ward and Stewart appeared to make contact coming out of a turn and Ward hit the wall and was knocked out of the race . Ward , 20 , then got out of his car and walked down the track toward the other racers , who had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward pointed a finger and appeared to be yelling . One car swerved to avoid him , but Stewart 's right-rear tire appears to hit him as he passes . "  There are n't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of Kevin Ward Jr. , " Stewart said in a written statement . Why Tony Stewart is n't likely to face charges Veteran race fans remember a rookie driver who jumped out of his car during a NASCAR race in 1999 after another driver spun his car into him in Martinsville , Virginia . That driver was Tony Stewart . Stewart had traded bumps throughout the race with Kenny Irwin , who had been his dirt-track rival before they both moved up to NASCAR . But the last crash against the wall disabled Stewart 's car . Stewart waited on the track for Irwin to circle around under a caution flag . Stewart threw his gloves at Irwin 's car , and jumped onto its right side while the car was still moving . Stewart 's run-ins with other drivers are legend , including after his car crashed with Matt Kenseth at Tennessee 's Bristol Motor Speedway in 2012 . Stewart waited in a driving lane on pit road for Kenseth 's car to return to the track . Stewart threw his helmet at Kenseth as the car sped by . He told reporters later that he does n't "  enjoy getting mad like that . " Stewart rushed after driver Joey Logano on pit row after a Fontana , California , race last year . He was angry that the younger Logano had blocked him from passing during a restart . Logano said he was just "  racing hard " because he thought he could win . Stewart has also had his angry moments with fans and the media . He was investigated , though never prosecuted , for an alleged assault against a female fan at Bristol Motor Speedway in 2002 , the year he won his first of three NASCAR championships . NASCAR officials fined Stewart $ 10,000 and ordered him to get anger management counseling for hitting a photographer after a bad race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 2002 . Stewart has removed himself from racing for the present in the aftermath of Ward 's death . He will not compete in a dirt track race in Plymouth , Indiana , next Saturday as he had planned , the track announced Monday . He has not yet decided if he will race in the next NASCAR Sprint Cup event at Michigan International Speedway next Sunday , his spokesman , Mike Arning said Monday . "  He is grieving , and grief does n't have a timetable . " August was to have been a celebration for Stewart , the first anniversary of the dirt track wreck that changed his life . He tweeted this message to fans a week ago : "  1yr ago today my life changed . Thank you to everyone that worked so hard to get me back to where I 'm at today . It 's your life , live it ! "	Drivers call Stewart "  Smoke " because that 's what they see from his tires as takes turns Bad boy antics , fights make Stewart stand out among other NASCAR personalities Stewart drove himself to the top of racing , starting at age 5 in a go cart He 's won 3 NASCAR championships and is co-owner of his racing team
CNN  -- Whether he is predicting the demise of the U.S. "  empire , " questioning U.S. accounts of the 9/11 attacks or accusing Europe of using the Holocaust as an excuse for supporting Israel , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad knows how to push the West 's buttons at the U.N. General Assembly . For the third straight year , U.S. diplomats on Thursday joined envoys from several other nations in walking out during the Iranian president 's address at the annual United Nations gathering in New York . That does n't even count instances before that , when American diplomats conspicuously skipped his speech altogether . This year , Ahmadinejad said European countries "  still use the Holocaust after six decades as the excuse to pay  a  fine or ransom to the Zionists , " and that the United States killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden instead of investigating "  hidden elements involved in September 11 . " Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , was n't impressed . "  We find what Ahmadinejad does and says when he comes to the United Nations absolutely odious , hateful , anti-Semitic , unacceptable , which is why the United States for three consecutive years -- including today -- have led a walkout of his speech , " Rice told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday . "  Inevitably he says something outrageous , dishonest and offensive , and that leads to a walkout . " Here is a look back at Ahmadinejad 's other U.N. speeches , and reactions to them : 2010 Representatives from the United States , Britain , Spain and other nations walked out while Ahmadinejad asserted that the U.S. government either participated in the 9/11 attacks or let them happen as an excuse to wage war in Iraq and Afghanistan . He said most Americans and "  most nations around the world " believe that "  some segments within the U.S. government orchestrated the attack , " adding that these people believe the attacks were aimed at reversing "  the declining American economy and its scripts on the Middle East in order to save the Zionist regime . " He also said capitalism and the current world order had reached their demise after 100 years of domination , saying that they were "  unable to provide appropriate solutions to the problems that society faces . " 2009 In September 2009 , Ahmadinejad was critical of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , where he said "  thousands of innocent people have been killed , injured or displaced , infrastructures have been destroyed and regional security has been seriously jeopardized . " He ripped capitalism , saying it brought about the conditions leading to the world 's economic crisis . He also called for a "  return to monotheism and justice , " calling it "  the greatest hope and opportunity in all ages and generations . " He blasted Israel , accusing it of "  crimes ... against defenseless women and children and destruction of their homes , farms , hospitals and schools . " The next day , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the Iranian leader at the General Assembly . The delegations that stayed for Ahmadinejad 's address gave "  legitimacy to a man who denies the murder of 6 million Jews , " Netanyahu said , referring to the Holocaust . 2008 Ahmadinejad told the General Assembly in 2008 that the "  American empire " was nearing its end , and that Israel "  is on a definite slope to collapse . " While he stopped short of calling for Israel to be politically wiped off the map as he had previously , he called for "  a free referendum in Palestine for determining and establishing the type of state in the entire Palestinian lands . " The U.N. Security Council , he said , "  can not do anything , and sometimes under pressure from a few bullying powers , even paves the way for supporting these Zionist murders . " He blamed a few world powers for the world 's problems , and defended his country 's nuclear activities as peaceful . The U.S. and other Western nations had long suspected that Iran had been pursuing nuclear weapons , but Iran said it seeks only a civilian nuclear energy program . He accused the United States of oppressing Iraqis with six years of occupation , saying Americans were "  still seeking to solidify their position in the political geography of the region and to dominate oil resources . " The only person at the United States ' table was a note-taker ; no U.S. diplomat was present . 2007 In a 2007 speech that blasted "  selfish and incompetent " governments that have "  obedience to Satan , " Ahmadinejad said the U.N. Security Council "  ranks first " among ineffective international bodies because it is influenced by "  monopolistic powers . " Ahmadinejad invited "  all independent , justice-seeking and peace-loving nations " to join Iran in a "  coalition for peace . " He also criticized unnamed "  powers " that he said were responsible for insecurity , division and moral decline across the world . "  Is it not high time for these powers to return from the path of arrogance and obedience to Satan to the path of faith in God ? " he said . He criticized the United States without naming it , offering blunt assessments of the Iraq war and Washington 's war on terrorism . "  Setting up secret prisons , abducting  people  , trials and secret punishments without any regard to due process , extensive tappings of telephone conversations , intercepting private mail and frequent summons to police and security centers have become commonplace and prevalent . " The American delegation 's chairs were unoccupied , except for one woman taking notes . Earlier , he had asked to lay a wreath at the site of the destroyed World Trade Center towers , but New York City officials denied the request , citing safety concerns at what was then a construction site . 2006 Ahmadinejad said in 2006 that the United States ' permanent inclusion on the U.N. Security Council undermines its effectiveness and credibility . He also criticized "  unwarranted support " for Israel during conflicts in the Palestinian territories and Lebanon . On Iraq , Ahmadinejad said the United States , whom he called "  the occupiers , " is "  incapable of establishing security , " and scores were dying daily as a result . "  Where can the people of Iraq seek refuge , and from whom can the people of Iraq seek justice ? " he asked . How can the Security Council act "  when the occupiers themselves are permanent members of the council ? " 2005 Ahmadinejad in 2005 told the General Assembly that Iran had a right to operate a nuclear energy program . He said it was unfair that some nations were allowed to make nuclear fuel while others are condemned for it . "  Today , the most serious challenges is that the culprits are assuming the role of prosecutor , " he said , accusing the United States of "  bullying the others while through huge media resources portraying themselves as defenders of freedom . "	Sensational remarks are hallmark of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's 7 U.N. addresses U.S. , other delegations walked out of Thursday 's speech , as has happened before U.S. , Israel , European powers and the United Nations are frequent targets of Ahmadinejad
CNN  -- Do n't ask Justin Bieber about Selena Gomez . It 's a touchy subject . In fact , Bieber appeared reluctant to answer any questions from an attorney for a photographer who accuses Bieber of ordering a bodyguard to attack him last summer . Several video clips of the deposition , which a Miami judge ordered in the photographer 's lawsuit against Bieber , were posted Monday on the celebrity news website TMZ . The release comes just days after another Miami judge released video of Bieber giving a urine sample in jail after an arrest on a driving under the influence charge in January . In video from the deposition , Bieber primped and winked to the camera at times , but he was a hostile witness for most of the four hours of questioning by Miami lawyer Mark DiCowden , who represents photographer Jeffrey Binion . Bieber 's attorney objected when DiCowden asked if he ever dated Gomez . Bieber had a long-term relationship with Gomez , which included many encounters with the paparazzi . "  Sounds like you 're trying to harass him , " his lawyer said . DiCowden followed up by asking Bieber , 20 , if he had "  ever discussed his feelings about paparazzi with Gomez ? " "  Do n't ask me about her again , " Bieber answered . He wagged a finger at the lawyer , repeating at least six times , "  Do n't ask me about her again . " At times Bieber closed his eyes , appearing to tune out the lawyer . "  I do n't have to listen to anything you have to say , " Bieber told DiCowden . He compared the lawyer to journalist Katie Couric . "  It seems like a '60 Minutes ' interview , " Bieber said . Evidence of Bieber 's reluctance also came when he was asked if he knew "  an entertainer by the name of Usher . " "  Yeah , Usher , that sounds familiar , " Bieber answered . He later acknowledged Usher was a close friend , but he downplayed the singer 's role in his career . "  Is n't it true that Usher was instrumental in starting your career ? " DiCowden asked . "  I was found on YouTube , " Bieber replied . "  I think that I was detrimental to my own career . " After prompting from his attorney , Bieber revised his answer to say "  instrumental " -- not "  detrimental . " Bieber may have been too quick to respond when DiCowden asked him if he had a perscription for the sedative Xanax . "  No , sir , " Bieber replied . "  Give me a chance to object , ok , " his lawyer then whispered to Bieber . A toxicology report released by Miami Beach police said Xanax was present in Bieber 's system when he was arrested on a DUI charge in January . Bieber 's combativeness extended toward the court reporter who was transcribing his answers . When she remarked she could not hear Bieber 's whispered answer to a question , he replied , " ` Yes ' and ` no ' are f -- king pretty different . " Lawyers for each side did not immediately respond to CNN request for comment . Bieber is likely to get more experience dealing with lawyers ' questions in the coming months . He faces the DUI charge that could go to a trial in Miami as well as an assault charge in Toronto . A Los Angeles prosecutor also is close to a decision in a possible vandalism case over an alleged egg attack on the mansion of a Bieber neighbor in Calabasas , California . Woman arrested in Georgia home rented by Bieber	"  Do n't ask me about her again , " Justin Bieber tells lawyer after question on Selena Gomez "  I do n't have to listen to anything you have to say , " Bieber tells lawyer Asked if Usher helped start his career , singer replies , "  I was found on YouTube " Bieber was ordered to answer questions in a photographer 's lawsuit against him
CNN  -- For a little while , it looks like "  Up , " Pixar 's 10th feature-length film , is going to be a downer . In "  Up , " a curmudgeonly senior citizen , Carl , tries to cope with the enthusiasm of Russell , a young boy . Not that there 's anything wrong with an animated film tugging at our tear ducts . But you can sense unease rippling through the younger halves of the family audience when , about five minutes into a spunky prologue , intrepid pre-pubescents Carl and Ellie abruptly morph into newlyweds , and then not-so-newlyweds . They gray and stoop before our eyes , youthful dreams of exploration traded in for the comforts of home and domestic bliss . Ellie wants a baby but ca n't have one . Their savings for the holiday of a lifetime are eaten up by this rainy day , that domestic disaster , until there 's no more lifetime left -- not for Ellie , anyway . That leaves us with Carl , a grumpy homebody voiced by Ed Asner , who makes WALL-E look like a chatterbox . And he 's one of the main characters . No , I did n't hear anyone demanding when the dancing penguins were going to show up , but I 'll wager someone was thinking it . Watch a preview of "  Up " " Such misgivings are ill-founded . As far as razzmatazz goes , "  Up " delivers the goods . Not penguins , precisely , but more than the airborne house promised by the commercials . There 's a mythical multicolored bird , which may or may not be a snipe , but which answers to the name of Kevin and exhibits a sweet taste for candy bars . There are zeppelins and old-time explorers and talking dogs -- a whole pack of dogs , in fact . Dogs that serve wine and play cards and fly biplanes . And there 's Russell , a chubby Boy Scout -- or "  Wilderness Explorer " -- who turns up on Carl 's doorstep when he least expects it . After all , Carl wants to be free , and to get there , he launches his house into the sky thanks to thousands of balloons . How was he to know Russell was around ? "  Up " does n't always fly high . The dogs ' canine high jinks are closer to "  Beverly Hills Chihuahua " than we 'd expect from Pixar , which tends not to play so fast and loose with the laws of nature for the sake of a few cheap laughs . But if the muttering mutts keep the kids happy , well and good . The movie is on surer ground teasing out the relationship between Carl and Russell , floating well above the Earth . Russell is all wide-eyed innocence and boundless enthusiasm , haplessly helpful . He 's the mirror image of the child Carl used to be , if only the old man were capable of recognizing it . But instead of looking around him , Carl is focused on landing that prize home of his in the prime location he mistakes for his ultimate destination  the lost world of Paradise Falls  . The image of Carl valiantly dragging his house through jungle and over mountains will strike a chord with anyone holding down a mortgage . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Up " Written by Bob Petersen and directed by Petersen and Pete Docter -- both Pixar veterans -- "  Up " mixes allegory with adventure and dumb imaginative exuberance . The balance is n't quite as tight as in Pixar 's best movies , but the lightness is appealing , and Russell  voiced by Jordan Nagai  is an irresistible character . He 's already carrying his own emotional baggage at 8 years old , but he 's all heart , the kind to give kids a good name . Screening in 3-D where possible , "  Up " does n't go overboard on stereoscopic gimmickry , but does exploit depth of field in a string of exhilarating cliffhangers and dogfights . Funny and poignant and full of life , "  Up " easily qualifies as one of the best movies of the year so far . Go with someone you care about . "  Up " is rated PG and runs 96 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	CNN.com 's Tom Charity : "  Up " is another winner from Pixar Film concerns the adventures of an old man and a young boy ... and a talking dog There are some unlikely moments , but warmth and richness always come through
In a major milestone for gay rights , the U.S. government on Monday expanded recognition of same-sex marriages in federal legal matters , including bankruptcies , prison visits and survivor benefits . "  It is the  Justice Department 's  policy to recognize lawful same-sex marriages as broadly as possible , to ensure equal treatment for all members of society regardless of sexual orientation , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a memo to all employees . The federal expansion includes 34 states where same-sex marriage is n't legal , but the new federal benefits being extended to those states will apply only where the U.S. government has jurisdiction . For example , a same-sex couple legally married in Massachusetts can now have a federal bankruptcy proceeding recognized in Alabama , even though it does n't allow same-sex marriages . In the past , the U.S. government could challenge the couple 's joint bankruptcy because Alabama does n't recognize same-sex marriage . Human Rights Campaign , which advocates equality for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , called it a "  landmark announcement " that it "  will change the lives of countless committed gay and lesbian couples for the better . " But Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , criticized what he called the latest move by the Obama administration "  to undermine the authority and sovereignty of the states to make their own determinations regulating the institution of marriage . " The move impacts how millions of Americans interact with the federal government , including bankruptcy cases , prison visitation rights , survivor benefits for police officers and firefighters killed on the job , and the legal right to refuse to testify to incriminate a spouse .	Feds recognize same-sex marriage for legal purposes even in 34 states that do n't allow it Same-sex couples will have rights in U.S. bankruptcies , courts , prison visits Human Rights Campaign called it a "  landmark announcement " Anti-same-sex marriage leader rips move as latest effort "  to undermine " states ' sovereignty
CNN  -- The kind of sinkhole that suddenly opened up under a Florida home is more common than you might think . Let 's take a look at what causes them , where they happen and just how dangerous and costly they can be : What causes sinkholes ? Many sinkholes form when acidic rainwater dissolves limestone or similar rock beneath the soil , leaving a large void that collapses when it 's no longer able to support the weight of what 's above , whether that be an open field , a road or a house . These are called "  cover-collapse sinkholes , " and it would appear this is what 's happening in Florida , where the ground beneath the home suddenly gave way . Where do they happen ? Sinkholes are particularly common in Florida , which rests on a nearly unbroken bed of limestone , according to the Florida Sinkhole Research Institute . Central Florida , including the Tampa area , is particularly known for sinkholes . In fact , Hillsborough County , where Thursday 's collapse occurred , is known as part of Florida 's so-called Sinkhole Alley , where two-thirds of insurance claims for sinkhole damage occur , according to a report prepared for state lawmakers in 2010 . Other places that frequently see sinkholes include Texas , Alabama , Missouri , Kentucky , Tennessee and Pennsylvania , the U.S. Geological Survey says . Do all sinkholes collapse so dramatically ? No , some merely cause the ground above to sag , or result in small ponds or saltwater marshes , the Florida Department of Environmental Protection says . How often do they happen ? There do not appear to be any solid numbers , but the Florida Senate Committee on Banking and Insurance reported that insurers had received 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage in that state alone between 2006 and 2010 . That 's an average of nearly 17 claims a day , just in Florida . How dangerous and costly are sinkholes ? Deaths and injuries from sinkholes are rare , but certainly not unheard of . For instance , in 2012 , a 15-year-old girl died when her family 's car fell into a Utah sinkhole , according to media accounts . But the holes are enormously costly . Insurance claims submitted in Florida alone between 2006 and 2010 totaled $ 1.4 billion , according the Florida Senate report .	Central Florida is particularly known for sinkholes The state lies on limestone bedrock and often sees the phenomenon Florida property owners filed 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage from 2006 to 2010 Florida sinkhole claims cost insurers $ 1.4 billion in that period , state Senate report says
Pretoria  CNN  -- Reeva Steenkamp 's parents said Tuesday they are "  satisfied " with the sentence handed down to their daughter 's killer , as Oscar Pistorius started his first full day in a South African prison . June and Barry Steenkamp told broadcaster ITV 's "  Good Morning Britain " show that they accepted the five-year prison term Pistorius was given Tuesday -- although they feel there 's still a "  big missing piece of the puzzle " concerning their daughter 's final moments . "  He 's got to pay for what he 's done , " said June Steenkamp . "  It 's not that we want vengeance or anything or him to suffer with his disabilities , but at the same time we feel satisfied that he will realize now that you ca n't go around doing things like that . " "  We have gone along with the judge and her decision , " her husband said . "  Only Oscar knows whether that sentence is acceptable to him ; I 've got my feelings to the whole thing but we do accept what the judge handed down . " Pistorius , who won global renown as a medal-winning double amputee track star before his dramatic fall from grace , woke up Wednesday morning in Kgosi Mampuru II prison , formerly known as Pretoria Central . He was convicted of culpable homicide , or negligent killing , but cleared of murder . His uncle , Arnold Pistorius , said the family accepted the sentence and that his nephew would "  embrace this opportunity to pay back to society . " ` More to the story ' Asked if she believed the athlete 's account that he shot Steenkamp through a locked toilet door under the mistaken belief that she was an intruder , June Steenkamp expressed skepticism . "  No -- there 's more to the whole story than everybody knows , only Oscar knows , " she said . Her doubts are based in part on the evidence heard in court that Steenkamp was at times scared of Pistorius . "  She described exactly how she felt and that he was n't treating her properly , he was always irritable with her and snapped quickly , so we know all of that so that 's why we feel that it is not actually what happened , " said June Steenkamp . The couple were disappointed , "  even shocked , " that Pistorius was cleared of murder , she said , but feel that perhaps insufficient facts were put before the judge . Barry Steenkamp told "  Good Morning Britain " they had known "  very little " about their daughter 's relationship with Pistorius before she was killed on February 14 last year . If an appeal is lodged over the sentence , they will have to accept it , hard though that may be , his wife said . The key thing , she said , is that he will now realize in prison what he has done . "  I think he has lost everything but now he has to pay for what he has done to our daughter and no words can actually describe what that has done to us -- but we have to live with this now for the rest of our lives without her and it 's so difficult to go through this and to have that pain in your heart and in your soul for her . " Blankets , place to sleep Ofentse Morwane , of Gauteng Correctional Services , told CNN that Pistorius was one of nine disabled offenders now held at the prison , notorious during the Apartheid era for its harsh treatment of political prisoners . After leaving the Pretoria courtroom where his seven-month trial played out before the Steenkamp family and world 's watching media , Pistorius was driven in an armored police van to the prison . There , he will have undergone a health risk assessment within six hours of arrival , Morwane said . Within 21 days , a comprehensive assessment of his needs will be done . "  He was allocated blankets , a place to sleep , " Morwane said . "  The second day he will undergo an orientation and induction process which includes explaining to him the services available to him in the correctional center and ensuring he knows the dos and do n'ts . " The prison has 7,217 inmates in total , just over 4,700 of whom have been sentenced , with the remainder in custody awaiting trial , Morwane added . The defense argued during the sentencing hearing that Pistorius was too vulnerable to be sent to prison and should be sentenced to house arrest with community service . But Judge Thokozile Masipa ruled that the prison system was equipped to cater for Pistorius ' needs . Orange jumpsuit Prison commissioner Zedilon Monama said Tuesday that Pistorius was placed in a cell for one person in the hospital section of the prison . The cell has has a bed , toilet , blanket , sheets , prison-issued toothpaste and toilet paper , she said . Pistorius was dressed in the standard-issue orange jumpsuit . As is routine for all prisoners , he saw a nurse , psychologist and chaplain , Monama explained . Pistorius is a "  B " group inmate , which means he 's only allowed two no-contact visits on weekends , with a limit of 45 visits per year . If he behaves , after six months , he could be allowed to join group "  A " and get 60 visits a year , Monama said , and enjoy special perks like chocolate and Coca Cola . CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Pretoria and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	Reeva Steenkamp 's parents tell UK broadcaster they are satisfied with the sentence But despite the lengthy trial , they feel there 's still a "  big missing piece of the puzzle " Oscar Pistorius starts his first full day in prison in Pretoria 's Kgosi Mampuru II prison He will be given an induction , after spending the night in a single cell in the hospital section
Washington  CNN  -- Facing a bruising midterm election in less than four months , President Barack Obama 's aides are putting together an aggressive schedule to deploy former President Bill Clinton at campaign and fundraising events in key states around the country , according to Democratic officials familiar with the plans . "  It 's a no-brainer you would use one of the most talented politicians the country has ever had , " said one Democratic official familiar with the discussions . "  There are few as good at laying out the contrast with Republicans . " There has been speculation Clinton might not be used that frequently because of lingering frostiness between the two presidents dating to the divisive days of the 2008 campaign . But the two camps tried to put any such tension to rest in recent weeks at a quiet White House meeting between Clinton aide Doug Band and White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard , according to officials familiar with the discussions . Sources said Band and Gaspard met right after the former president 's surprise decision in late June to buck Obama and endorse former Colorado House Speaker Andrew Romanoff in a hotly-contested U.S. Senate primary . Obama had already endorsed incumbent Sen. Michael Bennet in the Democratic primary and only learned of Clinton 's move after-the-fact . When Robert Gibbs was asked at the time if the White House would like to be notified of such an endorsement earlier in the process , the press secretary responded , "  Before you guys ? Sure . " In addition to smoothing things over at the White House meeting , Democratic officials told CNN the Clinton and Obama teams mapped out an ambitious schedule to get Clinton on the campaign trail as often as possible in between his foreign travels to such hot spots as Haiti . "  We want whatever we can get from him , " said one of the senior Democratic officials involved in the conversations . Democratic officials told CNN the White House specifically wants to use Clinton in key swing states where Obama is not particularly popular , such as Arkansas and Kentucky . In his home state of Arkansas , Clinton already helped Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln survive an intense primary challenge earlier this year and will now be used to help save the incumbent in an even tougher general election match-up with Republican John Boozman . Clinton also will be used in Kentucky , where the White House has high hopes of picking up a seat with Democratic nominee Jack Conway facing Republican Rand Paul , who has been engulfed in a series of controversies . "  I think he and President Obama will be a good one-two punch , " added a second senior Democratic official . The second official noted that Obama can not travel to every single congressional district over the next four months , and there are some specific regions where Obama would not go over well but Clinton could play better . Clinton recently campaigned tirelessly in Arkansas , a state that Obama lost badly to Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , in 2008 , to help Lincoln survive a runoff . In May , the former president also campaigned for Mark Critz , the Democratic candidate in the special election to fill the late Democratic Rep. John Murtha 's Pennsylvania seat . Clinton got a lot of credit among Democrats after Critz defeated Republican Tim Burns , giving the party a shot in the arm in a difficult year . Democratic officials also say that Clinton 's campaigning could fit well into the narrative that Obama has been focusing on in recent days about how he inherited an economic mess from former President George W. Bush and now believes the midterm election is a choice between going back to failed policies or moving forward on policies that could help pull the U.S. out of recession . "  Let 's not forget that Bill Clinton was the last Democratic president who had to clean things up after years of Republican rule , " said one senior Democratic official . "  Clinton made tough choices that created -LSB- budget -RSB- surpluses . He can go out there and say , ` Look , I 've lived this . ' He 's got a lot to offer because it 's like an eyewitness account to what the country will look like if Republicans get in charge -- the obstruction , the investigations . "	The midterm election is less than four months away Sources say Obama 's aides will deploy Bill Clinton in key states "  There are few as good at laying out the contrast with Republicans , " says one official
Washington  CNN  -- The death of Caleb Moore is shining a spotlight on growing concerns over safety in extreme sports . The freestyle snowmobiler , attempting a backflip last week at the Winter X Games in Aspen , Colorado , could n't rotate his machine enough to land the maneuver . The skis dug into the lip of the slope , bringing the 450-pound snowmobile crashing down on him . The vehicle slammed into Moore 's head and chest . After initially diagnosing Moore , 25 , with a concussion after Thursday 's accident , doctors soon discovered bleeding around his heart . He had emergency surgery at St. Mary 's Hospital in Grand Junction on Friday , a day after the accident . He had brain complications , and his family issued a statement saying he was in critical condition and being closely monitored . On Thursday , a week after the accident , Moore died . The combination of quirky , hair-raising events that make up the X Games were once pushed to the distant margins of televised sports . But in recent years , some have been added to both Summer and Winter Olympic slates . "  They do train all year for this , " said Dr. Christine Trankiem , a trauma surgeon at Medstar Washington Hospital Center . "  But it 's important for the folks watching at home to realize that these acts , while exciting to watch , are potentially life-threatening , limb-threatening and brain-threatening acts if an accident should occur . " Moore 's injury was one of several at this year 's Winter X Games . His younger brother , Colten , suffered a separated pelvis in the same event . Freestyle skier Rose Battersby , a New Zealander , incurred a spinal fracture , and Icelandic snowboarder Halldor Helgason suffered a concussion . Sebastian Landry , a filmmaker who specialized in snowmobile features , told the New York Times last year that injuries in the sport made him lose interest in filming . "  It seemed like every time we went to the mountains somebody went to the hospital , " Landry told the Times . "  Kids get stars in their eyes and just want to go for it . That , plus being raised with the motor-head mentality where it 's all or nothing . " It 's not just the athletes who appear to be at risk . During one of the jumps on Sunday night , Australian Jack Strong was attempting a backflip on his machine when it got away from him . The runaway snowmobile crashed into a bank of fans . A young boy who hit his knee on a parked vehicle while trying to get away was evaluated and released ; other spectators avoided injury . Strong was not seriously injured . ESPN , which organizes and televises the X Games , says it is constantly working to ensure the safety of competitors . On Thursday , the network said it was deeply saddened by his death . "  As a result of this accident we will conduct a thorough review of this discipline and adopt any appropriate changes to future X Games , " ESPN said in a statement , adding that Moore was "  a four-time X Games medalist who fell short on his rotation on a move he has landed several times previously . " ESPN says the safety of fans is also a priority . "  We 've worked closely with athletes , risk management specialists , sport organizers and event managers to ensure the safest possible conditions for athletes and spectators alike . Further measures are constantly being evaluated to ensure the safest possible experience for spectators , " the network said in an earlier statement . One thing spectators wo n't experience : a drop-off of the X Games . ESPN says it is expanding the Summer X Games to Munich , Germany ; Barcelona , Spain ; Foz do Iguacu , Brazil ; and Los Angeles . The Winter X Games were expanded this year to include Aspen and Tignes , France . "  This is something that is truly valuable for sponsors , for ESPN , in terms of generating tens of millions of dollars of revenue , in terms of subscriber fees and advertising sales , " said Lee Berke , president and CEO of LHB Sports , Entertainment & Media Inc. . Berke said that while ESPN did not win the U.S. rights to televise the Olympics , "  they 've gone about making the X Games their own Olympics . " X Games kicks off with tribute to fallen champ Sarah Burke CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A snowmobiler is fatally injured during competition Questions are raised over risks ESPN says it has worked to ensure athlete and spectator safety
CNN  -- Rumored for years , the long-awaited smartwatch from Apple may finally become reality in a few months . The Wall Street Journal and Reuters are both reporting that the iWatch , if that is in fact it 's name , will be released this fall , likely in October . The Journal says the watch will come in multiple sizes and have 10 sensors for tasks like health and fitness tracking . Reuters says the watch will have a 2.5-inch screen and be "  slightly rectangular . " Both outlets cited unnamed sources familiar with the matter . There 's no reason to doubt the reports , really . Apple 's top brass have all gone on the record suggesting a new product from Apple will be released by the end of this year . So , with the countdown likely begun , we take a look at five features we 'd like to see on Apple 's smartwatch . Really be ` smart ' The dirty little secret of smartwatches , at least so far ? They are n't really smart in the same way that a smartphone is . So far , the offerings from Samsung , Sony , LG and the like have operated as extensions of a smartphone , linking up via Bluetooth or wireless to , for the most part , serve you notifications that you could have seen by pulling your phone out of your pocket . Apple may do something along those lines as well and could still make a successful product . But with their close ties with app developers , we 'd love to see Apple make the first smartwatch that lets you leave your phone behind . Wireless charging If you live in a household where at least a couple of people are competing for socket space to keep their smartphones , tablets , e-readers and the like charged up , things are probably already a tangled mess . Does anybody want one more device to fit in there ? Whether it 's a wireless charging pad or some new tech whipped up by Apple especially for its smartwatch , we 'd love to be able to just set the watch down on the nightstand and have it powered up and ready to go the next morning . And speaking of : Battery life Nobody wants a watch that they have to charge up as often as they do their phone . At least for now , these things are nice extras , not essential communication tools , and if they become more trouble than they 're worth , the love affair wo n't last long for even the most dedicated fanboys and fangirls . The smartwatches already on the market average somewhere around two or three days on a charge . The ones that do more , like Samsung 's Galaxy Gear , are on the low end of that and those that do less tend to be higher . Apple is surely planning on releasing a feature-rich device . If it can somehow do that while figuring out how to jam a powerful battery into a tiny watch , it will be a nice selling point . Connectivity Apple 's smartwatch is no doubt going to link up with your iPhone , and probably an iPad . But like a lot of other major tech companies , Apple wants to edge its way into a lot of other areas of your life , and it sure would be cool to be able to sync those other products with your watch . Play music on your iPod or iPhone with a tap of the watch . Change channels or pause movies on Apple TV . Beam photos or videos onto your television set via Airplay . All those abilities would be nice . And Apple is believed to be looking into the growing "  Internet of things , " or connected objects such as cars and refrigerators . This might be a while  and a couple of smartwatch generations  away . But if you could perform home automation tasks like opening your garage , turning off your lights or locking your doors with a watch , we 'd be impressed . Of course , it would be cool if the presumed iWatch would link up with non-Apple devices , like those running Google 's Android system or Microsoft 's Windows . But we 're not holding our breath on that . Affordable price This is Apple . So , there 's no reason to think it will depart from a model that 's always worked for them . Unfortunately for budget-conscious consumers , that approach is to roll out finely crafted products at premium prices even while devices with similar features can be had without the Apple logo for less . But we hope this one is different . Nobody needs a digital watch and , as mentioned above , there 's a decent chance that it wo n't even work unless you already own another , presumably pricey , Apple device . We 'd like to see it priced as an affordable accessory for your iPhone in an effort to pull in customers who want , not need , one . Of course , nobody needed an iPad either . More than 200 million purchases later , it feels like Apple knew what it was doing .	Two reports say Apple smartwatch may be unveiled in October Reports say multiple models will be available It reportedly will have a 2.5-inch screen and fitness tracking We look at five other features we 'd like to see
CNN  -- In focus : The business of education We talk to Pnina Rosenblum , the founder of the cosmetic company Pnina Rosenblum Lt. With rising unemployment , the MENA countries are investing more into education than any other emerging region . And Western universities are cashing in . Over 40 prestigious schools have set up alliances and campuses in the Middle East . For the universities it means higher revenues . For the students , it means a premier education close to home . Facetime : Pnina Rosenblum , Pnina Rosenblum Ltd From a poor upbringing to a beauty queen , millionaire cosmetic mogul and member of the Knesset . Pnina Rosenblum has been an Israeli icon for decades . In 1989 Pnina launched a cosmetics company that generates $ 8 million a year . MME spent the day with Pnina to find out how she fought her way to fame and fortune . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0815 , 1945 Saturday : 0545 Sunday : 0715	MME looks at higher education in the Middle East 40 prestigious schools have set up alliances and campuses in the Middle East We talk to Pnina Rosenblum an Israeli icon and a cosmetics mogul
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's prime minister acknowledged on Sunday he did not expect protesters would use weapons and apply violence toward authority . Speaking on national television , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva made the admission a day after he rejected a call from anti-government protesters to dissolve the country 's parliament in 30 days . Abhisit said other groups ' political opinions must be taken into consideration before any such action is taken . More than two dozen civilians and military personnel have died since protesters began occupying key tourism and shopping areas in Thailand 's capital . The demand from the anti-government protesters , known as the "  Red Shirts , " was the latest in a long list issued since the group stormed parliament in early April and Abhisit declared a state of emergency . Red Shirt leaders offered Friday to return to the negotiating table -- but only if the government meets certain demands , including lifting a state of emergency and accepting responsibility for the deaths of protesters earlier this month , said Weng Tojirakarn , a co-leader of the group . iReport : Are you there ? Share your story , images On the government 's side , spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn told CNN Saturday that there was no counter-proposal to get the negotiations back on track . "  We need to make sure negotiations take place under a conducive environment , " Panitan said , explaining that previous attempts to talk to opposition leaders had been derailed due to threats against government officials . Other conditions that must be met before any negotiations could take place include having protest leaders make sure there will be no further expansion of demonstrations into other districts and no threats to government officers , the government spokesman said . "  These conditions are very critical for peaceful negotiations , " Panitan explained . "  Negotiation is the only way out in the end , but ... we need to stabilize the situation first . " He cited the fact that several demonstrations were taking place "  by different ` shirts ' and colors , " and said that all demonstrators must observe the rule of law and "  peace and civility will be restored first . " His remarks came as tension remained high on the streets of Bangkok , where a political standoff has gripped the country for several weeks . The Red Shirts have been clashing with the Thai military in a Bangkok area that serves as a financial hub . Another co-leader of the Red Shirts , Veera Muskapong , met with foreign diplomats Friday and told them he might meet with the government if it meets certain conditions . Abhisit , meanwhile , huddled with the chiefs of the country 's armed forces early Friday after a string of grenade attacks killed at least one person and wounded dozens of others . Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban said in a televised address that the grenades were launched from the area where the Red Shirts have been encamped for weeks , but the protesters denied any responsibility for the attacks . Watch red shirt protests Suthep told Thai television earlier that three people died in the attacks , but Bangkok 's Erawan Emergency and Rescue Center later revised the number to one . At least 87 people were wounded , the center said . Col. Sansern Kaewkamnerd , spokesman for the Centre for the Resolution of the Emergency Situation  CRES  , said at his daily news conference Saturday that the protests remain manageable at this time and therefore , authorities would not try to disperse the demonstrations . He did charge , however , that "  terrorists " were interspersed among "  innocent demonstrators . " The official said authorities would suppress the terrorists at the appropriate time , but did not want to complicate the situation by trying to take action against them now . Sansern also dismissed rumors of discord between the government , police and military forces , saying that representatives of all those entities were meeting daily to discuss the situation . Explainer : What are the protests in Thailand about ? The Thai Department of Special Investigation warned Friday that those responsible for the grenade attacks could face the death penalty , the MCOT news agency reported . The attacks prompted the U.S. State Department to issue a travel alert advising American citizens of the escalating violence in Bangkok . Suthep said riot police and helicopters were deployed to join Thai troops in the affected area , which was still littered with glass amid the standoff . Across the barricades , the Red Shirts were playing music and trying to encourage a festive atmosphere . Demonstrators told CNN late Thursday they wanted to drive home the point that their rallies are supposed to be peaceful . Thrown into the volatile mix are a group of protesters who called themselves the Multicolored Shirts , made up of mainly middle-class city dwellers , who took to the streets in large numbers Friday . They are not pro- or anti-government , but simply want the government to shut down the Reds to end the violence and interruptions to daily life . Some fear that the emergence of such groups could spark a civil war . "  I am so afraid that people will do the wrong thing and think they are brave and fight and they all have arms and that is what I am afraid  of  , " said resident Josh Orajan . He said the Thai are all one people and this should n't be happening . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . They want Abhisit to dissolve the government , hold new elections and leave the country . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Thai PM : Did not expect protesters would use weapons PM rejects call from anti-government protesters to dissolve parliament Government urged to lift state of emergency , acknowledge deaths of protesters Country gripped by tension after weeks-long political standoff
CNN  -- World No. 2 Novak Djokovic survived his first big test of Wimbledon 2011 as he overcame crowd favorite Marcos Baghdatis to reach the last 16 of the grass-court grand slam in London on Saturday . The Serbian appeared on course for an easy victory after winning the first set , but the 24-year-old completely lost his cool as his 30th-ranked opponent fought back in the second . Djokovic was given a warning after smashing his racket into the ground three times , a petulant outburst that ensured the Centre Court crowd was firmly behind Baghdatis -- a 2006 semifinalist here after losing in the final of that year 's Australian Open . Djokovic , seeking his first Wimbledon title after his 43-match unbeaten run ended at the French Open semifinals , recovered his poise to triumph 6-4 4-6 6-3 6-4 and set up a fourth-round clash with France 's Michael Llodra . Baghdatis will not feature when the second week of the tournament begins on Monday , but the 26-year-old won plenty of fans with his big-hearted performance as he tested Australian Open champion Djokovic right until the end -- even winning an 18-shot rally despite his tiring legs . "  To pull a win out of this game was great . Today was n't my day totally but when I needed to I played some good shots , " Djokovic said . He joined world No. 1 Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer in winning through , meaning the top four players are still in the draw following Andy Murray 's victory on Friday . Defending champion Nadal will next play former world No. 4 Juan Martin del Potro in the tie of the fourth round , with the Spaniard completing a straight-sets win over Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller . Resuming the rain-delayed match after winning the opening set 7-6  8-6  , Nadal won the next 7-5 in another tie-and then whitewashed his 92nd-ranked fellow left-hander 6-0 in the third . Del Potro , now ranked 21st as he continues his comeback from long-term wrist problems , defeated French 15th seed Gilles Simon 7-6  10-8  7-6  7-5  7-5 . The Argentine had never gone past round two before , but has a great chance of reaching the semis if he can beat Nadal . "  I 'm not lucky to play against Del Potro in the round of 16 , " Nadal said , adding that the knee problem he suffered on Friday was not serious . "  He 's a very , very tough opponent , one of the best players of the world . When he 's healthy , he 's top-five level normally , so it will be a very tough opponent for me . I have to be playing my best tennis to try to win . " The winner of their match will face either last year 's runner-up Tomas Berdych or 10th seed Mardy Fish in the quarterfinals . Czech seventh seed Berdych beat Alex Bogomolov Jr. 6-2 6-4 6-3 to leave Fish as the only American left in the men 's draw following Dutchman Robin Haase 's injury retirement at 6-3 6-7  5-7  6-2 1-1 down in their encounter . Federer , seeking to equal Pete Sampras with a seventh Open Era title at Wimbledon , showed he will again be a contender by defeating sometime nemesis David Nalbandian in straight sets . The 16-time grand slam winner has lost eight times to the Argentine , but the Swiss third seed was in control as he triumphed 6-4 6-2 6-4 to set up a clash with Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny . Youzhny , seeded 18th , has now reached the fourth round six times since 2001 following his 4-6 6-3 7-6  7-3  6-3 win over Spain 's No. 16 Nicolas Almagro , but has yet to go further . Fifth seed Robin Soderling reached the quarterfinals last year , but the Swede 's participation ended on Saturday with a shock defeat by Australian teenager Bernard Tomic . The 18-year-old , who lost in the first round in his debut appearance in 2010 , won 6-1 6-4 7-5 to earn a meeting with 2002 semifinalist Xavier Malisse . Ranked 158th in the world , he will become Australia 's new No. 1 after the tournament ahead of 2002 Wimbledon champion Lleyton Hewitt , who was beaten by Soderling in five sets in the previous round . Belgium 's Malisse ended the hopes of Austrian 11th seed Jurgen Melzer , winning 7-6  7-5  6-3 6-0 to qualify for the last 16 for the first time since 2004 . French ninth seed Gael Monfils also crashed out , losing 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-3 to Poland 's Lukasz Kubot . The world No. 93 , a doubles specialist who lost in the second round last year , will next take on Spain 's Feliciano Lopez -- who eliminated three-time runner-up Andy Roddick on Friday . Spanish seventh seed David Ferrer moved into the last 16 for the second successive year as he beat Slovakia 's Karol Beck 6-4 6-3 6-3 . The Australian Open semifinalist will next face French 12th seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who won 6-3 6-4 6-3 against Chile 's Fernando Gonzalez . Llodra , seeded 19th , has already bettered his best performance by passing the second round and will take on Djokovic after his 6-3 6-3 6-1 win over Lu Yen-Hsun , who last year became the first Taiwanese player to reach the quarterfinals . The other fourth-round match sees Murray play French 15th seed Richard Gasquet , who he beat in a five-set thriller at Wimbledon three years ago to reach his first grand slam quarterfinal .	World 's top four men 's tennis players will feature in fourth round at Wimbledon next week Second seed Novak Djokovic beats Marcos Baghdatis despite losing his temper He follows No. 1 Rafael Nadal and six-time winner Roger Federer into the last 16 Fifth seed Robins Soderling suffers shock defeat to 18-year-old Bernard Tomic
CNN  -- If New York , London , Paris and Milan have been the traditional compass points of world fashion , Lagos has typically not even figured on the map . But according to Penny McDonald , organizer of the Arise Magazine Fashion Week held in Nigeria 's largest city last week , that is unlikely to be the case for much longer . She said the event , which drew 77 designers and big names including supermodel Alek Wek , British couturier Ozwald Boateng and up-and-coming model Dudley O'Shaughnessy , had gone a long way to establishing Lagos as Africa 's fashion capital , a city with international style credentials . "  It 's raised the bar , " said McDonald , international managing director for Arise , a title which describes itself as Africa 's global style and culture magazine . "  Everyone knows it 's New York , London , Paris and Milan -- and we see this as the fifth destination now . We 're hoping to make Lagos a fashion destination , part of the fashion season . " Why Lagos ? "  It 's the vibrancy , the colors . We feel it 's Africa 's capital , " said McDonald . "  Lagos women in particular , they dress like no other . They love haute couture . They look the part , they get fashion . Where else would you host such an event ? " While last year 's inaugural event had a heavy Nigerian focus , this year 's fashion week drew designers from across the continent and further afield . The runways , housed in massive tents on the grounds of the Federal Palace Hotel , showcased designs from Kenya , Ivory Coast , Cameroon , South Africa , Ghana , Liberia and Somalia -- but also from Martinique , Jamaica , Thailand and India . Eleven African-American designers attended , along with international media and buyers , demonstrating the growing power of the African fashion brand , said McDonald . "  You would n't have got them coming from as far away as America if there was n't a buzz around this event . " Watch : Traditional dress of Senegal Nigerian-based Italian designer Caterina Bortolussi exhibited her label Kinabuti at the event for the first time , using non-professional models scouted from Nigeria 's streets . She said she relished the chance for her "  ethical fashion " label , which she describes as a Nigerian-Italian brand , to share a platform with accomplished designers such as South Africa 's Kluk CGDT -- jointly named alongside Nigeria 's Maki Oh as "  designer of the year " at the event . "  It 's an amazing opportunity to learn , to challenge yourself , to network , " she said . "  It 's not easy to do things down here . " The most noticeable commonality among African designers was that they were "  very proud of being African , " she said . "  Fashion is a way to bring a message of positivity . People usually look at Africa in a skeptical way , a place that needs to be helped . But fashion creates a vehicle to showcase Africa in a different way . " McDonald said that while many designers derived inspiration from the heritage of African textile traditions , no prevailing theme united the collections . This was a sign that African fashion had "  come of age , " she said . "  No one designer produced the same look as another , which really showcases the vastness of the continent . People were surprised the collections were so varied . " The event had its share of setbacks , with the first two days canceled due to electricity shortages . But momentum was quickly recovered , with more than 1500 people trying to crowd into the tent on the last day . "  The audiences were enthralled by it -- the silks , the golds , the sheer size of the event , " said McDonald . Away from the fashion , the presence of young British model Dudley O'Shaughnessy -- hot property following his appearance in a Rihanna music video , and named "  male model of the year " at the event 's awards -- caused the biggest stir . "  The audiences went berserk , there 's no other way of describing it , " said McDonald . "  That was the biggest buzz behind the scenes -- he could n't even leave the hotel . "	Arise Magazine Fashion Week held in Lagos , Nigeria It aims to showcase African fashion to the world -- but also has designers from further afield Big names in attendance this year included designer Ozwald Boateng and model Alek Wek
CNN  -- Malmo hosts fantastic events throughout the year that make the most of the outdoors and reflect the city 's enthusiasm for music . Here are some of the best . Malmo Festival kicks off every year with a massive crayfish party . BUFF Film Festival  March  There are about a dozen film festivals held annually in Sweden , the birthplace of master filmmaker Ingmar Bergman . But BUFF is the only one specializing in movies for children and young people . Held in Malmo 's Old Town , the festival screens roughly 100 films from around the world . Various seminars and discussions are also held during the festival . Malmo Festival  August  The city pulsates with life during this eight-day outdoor culture extravaganza that 's been going strong for nearly a quarter of a century . Music is the big draw , attracting some 1.5 million to Malmo every August . Hundreds of live acts fill the city with sounds of classical music , heavy metal and everything in between . If you are n't busy dancing the night away , you 'll want to take in the film screenings , comedy shows and theater performances staged during the festival . The best part about the festival ? It 's absolutely free . The revelry kicks off with a massive crayfish party in the city 's main square . Bring your own crayfish and a mood to party . Rainbow Festival  September  Malmo is transformed into a sea of color during this week-long festival . Colorful flags fly proudly during Regnbagsfestival , a celebration of gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender pride . Malmo throws a vibrant festival , staging parades , live music , film screenings and drag shows around the city . Oktoberfest  September-October  Beer flows endlessly and the beat goes on at nightclub Slagthuset during Oktoberfest . The club , located behind Central Station , is the biggest in Malmo and all of Scandinavia for that matter . The celebration is smaller than what you 'll find in Munich but the crowd is no less energetic . With three dance floors , get ready to get your groove on . Shop Window Sunday  November-December  'T is the season for holiday cheer . Malmo puts on a lively round of performances during the holiday season . The countdown to Christmas starts with Skyltsondag  Show Window Sunday  -- the day when the city 's shopkeepers vie for the most attractive Christmas window display . Take in a concert or join in the traditional Swedish celebration of light in Stortorget , the city 's main square . To really get in the spirit , grab some skates and hit the free rinks in Stortorget and Folkets Park .	If you love music , do n't miss the Malmo Festival held every August The BUFF Film Festival for kids is a great family-friendly event Hit the city 's free ice skating rinks to get in the winter holiday spirit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- South American nations have always played a major part in the world of football , and when it comes to the World Cup they are considered among the main contenders every time . But this time around there may be a new threat from the continent making its mark internationally . Nelson Valdez  left  celebrates his goal against Venezuela , Tuesday , to keep Paraguay top in qualifying . Out of 18 World Cup Finals to date , a South American team has won the competition nine times , demonstrating that although Europe may be where the money is , the other side of the Atlantic has the raw talent . Generally speaking , however , the continent 's dominance has been largely down to two countries : Brazil , who have won the title an astonishing five times ; and Argentina , who have made it to the tournament 's final match four times and taken the trophy home twice . The rest of the continent has rarely played a major part in the proceedings . Now , though , as the qualifying stages for the 2010 World Cup Finals gather speed , the two giants are being put to shame by a footballing nation that has , until now , had very limited success at international events : Paraguay . Having only qualified for the finals seven times , and never made it further than the second round of the competition , Paraguay are n't usually seen as a serious threat to the big international teams , but this year the bookmakers may have to take a serious look at the small country from the center of the continent , with a population of just 6.1 million . Following Tuesday night 's 2-0 victory over Venezuela , Paraguay cemented their position at the top of the South American qualifying group , with 17 points from eight matches -- four points clear of the faltering Argentina and Brazil , who share second place . So far in the group , the Paraguayans have recorded a 2-0 home win over Brazil and managed to secure a 1-1 draw away to the recent Olympic champions Argentina , proving they can keep up with the best in the world , even without one of their star players , striker Roque Santa Cruz , who was injured for the Buenos Aires fixture . So , how are they managing it ? And can they continue this form through the qualifiers and into the finals themselves ? Since 2006 , the team has undergone some radical changes . A lot of big names in the squad and behind the scenes left the team following Paraguay 's relatively poor performance in the World Cup Finals in Germany . So it was goodbye to the old , including Paraguay 's most capped player , Carlos Gamarra and coach , Anibal Ruiz , who has been replaced by Argentine Gerardo "  Tata " Martino . But this left the door open for a whole new face for the nation 's team . And the new breed of players clearly have a lot of skill , impressing people all over the world . Players like Santa Cruz , for the English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers , and Edgar Barreto , an integral part of the Reggina Calcio squad in Italy 's Serie A , represent Paraguay 's swelling talent in the major European leagues . The Paraguayan presence in the world 's top leagues , shows the depth of their squad , and it also means players will be given the benefit of experiencing top level football on a regular basis ; something that can only aid the development of an already talented player . The style the team plays -- emphasizing a strength in attack , boosted by Santa Cruz and his gifted strike partners , Club America 's Salvador Cabanas and Borussia Dortmund 's Nelson Valdez -- hints at a tactical change , as well . In the past , the Paraguayans have relied heavily on a solid defense to secure results , and not always had the goals to back that up . Now , although the defense is still strong -- featuring Boca Juniors regular Claudio Morel Rodriguez , and the powerful partnership of Paulo Da Silva and Julio Cesar Caceres -- there is some flair up front , which the manager is capitalizing on . So , with an influx of good players , who are getting the necessary top level experience and a manager who knows how to get the most out of his team , this may be an opportunity for a new country to step to the foreground from South America and end the dominance of Brazil and Argentina . As the table stands now , Paraguay are looking good to qualify , and if they can exercise the same level of skill they have shown in the opening eight matches , they could top the group and head to South Africa as the team to watch in the finals .	In the past Brazil and Argentina have dominated South American football Paraguay are challenging , beating Brazil and topping World Cup qualifying group The team has had a reshape since 2006 , many new , talented players Experience of playing in major leagues across the world helps player development
There are nine of us from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention in Lagos , Nigeria . We arrived from different U.S. states , or from the CDC 's polio team already in Nigeria , and possess varying skill sets , including infection control , global migration and quarantine , data management , epidemiology and communications . We 're here to work with colleagues and partners from Nigeria 's Ministry of Health , UNICEF , Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization to stop the largest Ebola outbreak in history -- the first in a densely populated , urban environment . Nigeria is the latest country to become affected by the outbreak . The first person to die of Ebola here was an American named Patrick Sawyer , who arrived from Liberia . Now WHO suspects Nigeria has had 12 cases and three deaths . Our team in Lagos is a small part of the CDC 's effort to fight Ebola , with work going on in several African countries , and back in the United States at our headquarters in Atlanta . There , the CDC 's Emergency Operations Center has activated its highest level to maintain 24/7 operations to coordinate the agency 's efforts . We are five hours ahead of Atlanta , a fact my family has yet to grasp as I receive texts during odd hours asking , "  What 's Lagos like ? " and "  What are you doing ? " Good questions . A typical day for our team begins at a hotel -- one big advantage of an urban outbreak . After breakfast we move to one of several locations , including the hospital , U.S. Consulate or a training site , depending on the work to be done that day . Team Lagos is working as part of a much larger team in Nigeria to find and isolate all possible patients , tracking down everyone who could have been exposed to Ebola , and educating the public about the risks . A great deal has been accomplished in a short time . A Nigerian emergency operations center is up and running now , and we are about to move Ebola patients into a newly , remodeled treatment facility . There are 60 folks on the contact tracing team , which has been tracking more than 200 people thought to have come in contact with the virus . These teams visit the contacts daily to take their temperatures and check to see if they have developed any symptoms . On Tuesday , 147 of the 152 contacts were visited and assessed . When difficulties arise locating contacts , additional teams are employed and efforts ramped up to conduct the tracing . The Ebola response team in Nigeria recently saw 30 people finish the 21-day risk period -- the longest time period during which Ebola symptoms have been known to be present . These 30 people were able to leave the contact tracing list , which is a hopeful sign . There is a great deal of fear in Lagos as many worry about a virus of which they know precious little . CDC communicators like myself work to provide accurate information to the public and health care workers . Health care workers are critical as they are on the front lines of this battle ; WHO says 10 % of the deaths during this epidemic have been health care workers . Our infection control experts have been training workers on proper infection control and teaching them how to don Personal Protective Equipment properly , a critical task given this virus . I was taking pictures of this training near the Ebola ward when one of the trainers came out of the "  hot zone " and asked if anybody had a paperback to give one of the patients . I donated a weathered copy of Shakespeare 's "  Henry the IV , Part 1 . "  I always carry a book on deployments  . So the Bard has entered the Ebola ward in Lagos . One interesting aspect of this outbreak has been the rumors and misinformation spurred by Ebola . Last week , communicators were working quickly to respond to a rumor that bathing in or drinking salt water would prevent Ebola . I have seen local press coverage that notes two people may have died from attempting this treatment . As I write this , we are in a temporary emergency operations center at a psychiatric hospital , waiting for remodeling to be complete on our own center . We made the change with some grumbling but did not miss a beat -- flexibility is essential in an evolving outbreak situation . Our work is made more difficult by traffic in the city , a lack of Internet connectivity and security , which is a concern . We typically make it back to the hotel late , anywhere between 9 and 11 p.m. local time and try to eat together . Team members who gather are tired , and the outbreak dominates the conversation . But we also try to distract ourselves : On my third night , a team member asked , "  Has anyone else noticed that the background music is all Celine Dione ? " It was true . Turns out she has quite a few songs , and I am pretty sure we have heard them all . I am not afraid of catching the Ebola virus . I know how Ebola is transmitted and will not put myself in jeopardy , thinking of my wife and four children at home . The work is long , hard , challenging but worthwhile . The CDC team in Lagos is amazing , one of the best I have been on . And the larger response team that includes all our partners and our colleagues from Nigeria is doing important work to break the Ebola infection cycle .	The CDC has sent nine people to Lagos , Nigeria , to fight the Ebola outbreak The World Health Organization says Nigeria has 12 suspected cases , three deaths CDC team is helping with tracking the infection , training health care workers
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Abayte Ahmed and her husband learned of their son 's death in the most heinous fashion . A family acquaintance called and told them to click on an Internet site . There on the screen were photographs of their 20-year-old son -- the boy with the movie-star looks -- shot through the head thousands of miles away in Somalia . Jamal Bana died in Somalia . Several missing Somali-Americans are believed to have fought there . "  He must have been somewhat disillusioned and indoctrinated , because he did n't have any clue about Somalia at all , " his mother said , fighting back tears and barely able to speak about her eldest son . Jamal Bana had been missing for months from his Minneapolis home . His family is still grappling with the circumstances surrounding his death in a land they had fled -- an African nation wracked by chaos and violence . The FBI said Bana 's death is part of a sweeping federal investigation into a recruiting effort in the United States by a Somali terrorist group called Al-Shabaab , which has ties to al Qaeda . More than a dozen young men of Somali descent have disappeared from the Minneapolis area in recent months . At least three , including Bana , have ended up dead in Somalia , community leaders say . Watch the harrowing saga of Jamal Bana " Bana was the kind of son a modest immigrant family pins its hopes on . He was the eldest of seven and studying engineering at local colleges . But last fall , his family said , he disappeared without any warning . A few days later , the phone rang . All that could be heard was a quick sentence . "  I 'm in Somalia , " his mother quoted him as saying . He then hung up . Communication from then on was scarce . In calls or text messages , the family said , Bana was guarded , as though someone was watching or listening to him . On July 11 , the family received the call telling them to look on the Internet . Bana 's father broke down in tears when he saw the photos . One image was a close-up of his son 's face , a bullet wound on one side of his head . Another showed the body being carried through the streets of Mogadishu on a stretcher . His parents said they believe their son was brainwashed and recruited to fight in the civil war between Somalia 's unstable transitional government and Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab remains entrenched in northeast Somalia and in sections south of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , after fighting that has uprooted more than 200,000 people since early May , according to the United Nations . The question immigrants in the United States want answered is : How have their youth ended up so far away ? One of the missing youth , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , blew up himself and 29 others last fall in Somalia in what is believed to be the first suicide bombing carried out by a naturalized U.S. citizen . Ahmed had traveled from Minneapolis . The attack raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community and sparked an investigation by the FBI . Just weeks ago , community activist Abdirizak Bihi lost his 17-year-old nephew , Burhan Hassan , in Somalia . Asked if his nephew had been kidnapped from Minneapolis , Bihi said , "  They kidnap them in the sense of mental kidnapping , not physically . But they play a male role of mentor . " Bihi and community leader Omar Jamal said they hold one place at least loosely responsible : the Abubakar as-Saddique Islamic Center , the largest mosque in Minneapolis . "  All these kids missing , they all have one thing in common : They all participated in youth programs in that mosque , " said Jamal . Jamal and Bihi said leaders of the mosque , at the very least , allowed people to come around their facility and recruit young men to fight in Somalia -- a charge the head imam denies . CNN was not allowed inside the mosque , but was granted an interview with the imam at a different location . "  This is the baseless accusation really , " said Sheikh Abdirahman Sheikh Omar Ahmed . "  The mosque -- the mission of the mosque -- is to worship . And people come to worship and go . We do n't have any control over what comes through everybody 's mind or ideology . " Sheikh Ahmed said at least two of the young men who died in Somalia did worship at his mosque . But he said no recruiters came around the mosque to pull them away , and said his mosque does not support Al-Shabaab . He added that he has encouraged local families to keep their young sons from going to Somalia . Federal authorities recently made their first arrests in the case , charging two Minnesota men , Salah Osman Ahmed and Abdifatah Yusuf Isse , with one count each of providing material support to terrorists and conspiracy to kill , kidnap , maim or injure people overseas , according to the indictment . CNN could not reach Salah Osman Ahmed 's attorney for comment . Published reports indicate he planned to plead not guilty . Isse has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with federal authorities , officials said . In court papers obtained by CNN , Isse 's attorney said , "  Mr. Isse will not be the last defendant indicted . " A local attorney involved in the case said at least seven Somali-Americans have been questioned by a grand jury . An FBI official said the bureau can not rule out the possibility that some of the young men involved could be trained to carry out terrorist attacks on U.S. soil . Meanwhile , CNN has learned more about how Shirwa Ahmed and Burhan Hassan made their way overseas . A travel agent in Minneapolis , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the two men paid about $ 1,800 in cash for tickets to Nairobi , Kenya , or to Dubai , U.A.E. . The travel agent said he thinks the two men then made their way to Mogadishu from those cities on a Somali carrier . For Bana 's family , it 's all too much to bear . Omar Boley is a close friend who grew up in the same tribe as Bana 's family . He said Bana 's mother is having difficulty coping with everything that has happened in recent months . "  She does n't want to hear the story again , " he said . "  She told me , ` Whenever I see someone talking about my son , I feel bad . I ca n't sleep . I feel sick . So this happened , nothing I can do . We pray for him . ' That 's what she said , and that 's what I believe . "	Jamal Bana had been missing for months ; family learns of his death via Internet Death is part of wider federal inquiry of terror recruiting by Somali group in U.S. Imam of Minneapolis mosque says terror recruiters are not at his mosque Two men charged in U.S. with providing material support to terrorists
CNN  -- Veronica Mars is returning -- sort of . Buzzfeed reports that "  Veronica Mars " cast members including Kristen Bell and Jason Dohring will appear in "  Play It Again , Dick , " a Web series about the "  Veronica Mars character , " Dick Casablancas . The eight-episode series is set to run on The CW 's home for digital content , CW Seed . The premise is a series about a series in that Ryan Hansen , the actor who plays Dick Casablancas , will play a fictionalized version of himself as well a Casablancas . ` Veronica Mars ' : Five ways the show made its mark on TV "  Veronica Mars " and "  Play It Again Dick " creator Rob Thomas told HitFix : "  The Web series will have more in common with ` Party Down ' tonally , but it will be about Ryan Hansen , or at least a version of Ryan Hansen , deciding to capitalize on the current ` Veronica Mars ' heat to get his own series on the air . He 'll try to pull his actor pals into the venture with varying degrees of success . " The cast will play their characters as well as versions of themselves . In March , a "  Veronica Mars " film premiered in theaters after fans successfully funded a Kickstarter campaign to make it happen .	Web series will be about Ryan Hansen as Dick Casablancas It will run for eight episodes The actors will play fictionalized versions of themselves
The U.S. military races to the moon to build a base -- to beat the Russians to the punch . Maybe test a nuclear weapon on the surface . Consider a lunar-based bombing system to target earthbound foes . That was the plan in the 1960s , according to declassified national security documents released this week -- some of them stamped as "  SECRET . " Today those schemes may sound as outlandish and dusty as a relic black-and-white episode of "  Space Patrol . " But consider this : Currently , a vision of sending humans to Mars has begun to form in our collective imagination . Technological advances are swelling our anticipation of touching that dream in a decade or two . And already , the wild idea has sprouted of sending up a crew to Mars who would die there . Hold that mindset . Now , transport it back 55 years to the Cold War , when rockets born out of World War II had grown into skyscrapers with such enormous power that it was becoming clear they would put a trip to the moon within reach . It was only a matter of time before humans would set foot on a celestial body for the very first time . But the same rocket technology made for intercontinental ballistic missiles tipped with nuclear warheads , propelling an arms race against the West 's opponent , the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . One slip could result in a global nuclear holocaust . Neither side wanted to get behind , and in 1959 , the Soviet Union was already ahead in the space race -- putting the first unmanned spacecraft on the moon , the Luna 2 . Protecting the American way The U.S. Army brainchild "  Project Horizon " was born . Its proposal to leap beyond the Soviets opened with the line : "  There is a requirement for a manned military outpost on the moon . " The paper argued that it was imperative for the United States to develop and protect its potential interest on the Earth 's natural satellite -- and to do so quickly to protect the American way of life . "  To be second to the Soviet Union in establishing an outpost on the moon would be disastrous to our nation 's prestige and in turn to our democratic philosophy , " the paper surmised . It should have the kind of priority and authority given to the Manhattan Project , which developed the atomic bomb , the Army said . "  Once established , the lunar base will be operated under the control of a unified space command . " The space around the Earth and moon would be considered a military theater . Lunar nuclear power plants After a thorough justification of the scientific , political and military need for the base , the proposal -- two documents and more than 400 typewritten pages -- calculated out the details of what could be done on the outpost and what it would take to make it reality . It offered graphs and mathematical formulas ; considerations for low gravity and magnetic field , lack of water and air , and ballistic dynamics on the moon 's surface ; and design drawings of spacecraft , lunar bulldozers , modular moon cabins and special space suits . It contained photos of the moon with desirable spots for a colony mapped out on them . Project Horizon would start out with 10 to 20 crew members on a mission to build a somewhat self-sustaining colony capable of producing its own oxygen and water . Supply ships would bring the rest . Page after page was dedicated to the future capabilities of the Saturn rockets that would boost the supplies there . With expansion would come lunar nuclear power plants . Construction of the basic outpost would start in 1964 and be completed five years later . The visions were a bit ahead of schedule . Humans did not land on the moon for the first time until July 1969 . And in the end , it was n't the military , but NASA that sent them there . Lunar nuclear detonation The nuclear arms race was omnipresent in the '60s , and Project Horizon made room for its possible expansion to the moon . It pondered the pros and cons -- scientifically , militarily and psychologically -- of detonating a nuclear device on the moon or nearby . And it reflected on the possibility of using nuclear weapons in space . Technological advances accelerated the Cold War and the space race through the 1960s , and U.S. military and intelligence agencies expounded in further papers on how the moon could be used for military purposes or intelligence gathering . George Washington University has collected the papers and published them on its National Security Archive website . The U.S. agencies also documented their space rivalry with the Soviet Union , how U.S. intelligence picked up Soviet anti-ballistic missile radar images , when their signals reflected off the moon . Intelligence officers feverishly studied Soviet space capabilities and intercepted pictures their spacecraft signaled back to Earth . And in 1967 the CIA documented how operatives "  borrowed " a Lunik space capsule , analyzed it and returned it to the Soviets . The purpose of a nuclear detonation near or on the moon would be for show , a document said . Its "  foremost intent was to impress the world with the prowess of the United States . " The security archive said that Air Force leaders scrapped the idea after deciding that it was too risky . In 1967 , the U.N. adopted the Outer Space Treaty banning the use of nuclear weapons from space -- including from the moon . Out of this world : The best selfies from space Buzz Aldrin : After moon , next stop Mars Britain 's spaceport ambitions revealed	"  Project Horizon " proposed a leap beyond the Soviets in the space race The U.S. Army said a military base on the moon was a "  requirement " Military officials considered the detonation of a nuclear device near the moon The military outpost was to have bulldozers , cabins , nuclear power plants
CNN  -- He used to terrorize defenses , but now former Liverpool and England striker Michael Owen is tearing up the turf after clinching his first Group 1 winner . Seven years ago Owen set up his own yard -- Manor House Stables -- and on Sunday he witnessed his first top-flight success as Brown Panther , a horse he also bred , romped to victory over a stellar field in the Irish St Leger at The Curragh . "  He 's the apple of my eye as everyone knows and he was pretty spectacular out there , " said Owen , who fought back tears amid the emotion of the win following a superb ride by jockey Richard Kingscote . "  Richard was a bit closer to the pace than we envisaged but he 's a relentless galloper and he quickened again , " added Owen . "  He kept galloping and he 's a superstar . " Owen was thrust with Liverpool , Manchester United and England jerseys to sign in the winners ' enclosure , which was likened to a mosh pit at the music festival Glastonbury . Brown Panther showed the sort of turn of pace with which Owen used to bedevil defenders during his playing days amid a world class field , including Ascot Gold Cup winner Leading Light , trained by Aidan O'Brien . It proved a tough weekend for O'Brien , a day after his star horse Australia suffered a shock defeat in the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown Saturday . As such , Owen proved the star turn of Irish racing at the weekend , a fitting result following the death just two months earlier of Treble Heights , the mother of Brown Panther . The Tom Dascombe-trained stallion had finished third at the same race at the Curragh in 2012 , but this time his rivals failed to match his pace heading to the winning post as Brown Panther added to previous victories at both Ascot and Goodwood . "  The first thing to say is he -LSB- Richard -RSB- gave him a brilliant ride , " said Dascombe , who hinted Brown Panther is now likely to compete at the Long Distance Cup race at British Champions Day next month at Ascot rather than return to the Melbourne Cup where he was eighth a year ago . "  I was close to pulling him out but there are n't too many Irish levers so you have to run . The horse never lets us down . " In an interview with CNN earlier this year , Owen , who also houses two of Wayne Rooney 's horses at his stables , admitted that horse racing wins can only come a close second to scoring goals in his footballing heyday . Introduced to the sport of kings by his dad Terry , Owen also revealed he still struggled with the concept of merely watching a sporting occasion from the stands . "  With football you always feel in control . On the pitch , you can always do something to make something happen . Your destiny is in your hands in many ways , " he said .	Ex-England striker enjoys his biggest-ever horse-racing win at Irish St Leger Brown Panther stuns a stellar field including Aidan O'Brien-trained Leading Light Owen describes the horse as ` the apple of my eye ' and targets Ascot glory next Trainer Tom Dascombe hails perfect ride by jockey Richard Kingscote on board
CNN  -- Recovery efforts are struggling to meet the needs of flood survivors in Pakistan . August monsoon rains and severe flooding washed away tens of thousands of homes and killed as many as 1,738 people . The UN estimates that as many as 21 million people have been affected by the flooding . How you can help ? A number of charities are mobilizing medical , shelter and humanitarian aid , responding to the great need for flood survivors ' immediate needs . The UN Refugee Agency is delivering emergency assistance  shelter , tents , blankets , mosquito nets and other life-saving aid  to more than 350,000 people affected by the disaster . They are accepting donations online , by selecting the Pakistan Flood Emergency here . They are also accepting mobile donations by texting ` Swat ' to 50555 to give $ 10 dollars . AmeriCares emergency relief experts are working to send medical assistance and other aid to the flood-affected region in Pakistan . They are accepting online donations as well as phone donations at 1-800-486-HELP  4357 The American Red Cross , working with its partners in the International Committee of the Red Cross and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent network , including the Pakistan Red Crescent Society , is sending relief supplies and emergency workers . Donations to online to their Pakistan Relief and Development Fund , or call 1-800-RED CROSS . Monetary donations in pounds can be made to the British Red Cross online or by calling 08450547206 in England . CARE is supporting the distribution of emergency supplies and providing aid to health teams and mobile clinics in the affected communities in Pakistan . You can help by making an online donation . Catholic Relief Services is currently organizing shipments of humanitarian aid to Balochistan , one of the affected areas . They are also sending emergency shelter kits and hygiene supplies to other flood-affected regions in Pakistan . Donations to their Emergency Relief fund are being accepted online and by phone at 1-800-736-3467 . Concern Worldwide US is responding by sending emergency teams to the region , and they have launched their Pakistan Emergency Flood Appeal . They are working to provide about 9,000 families with kitchen sets and hygiene kits , clean water , temporary sanitation , and dry rations of food . Online donations can be made dollars , euros and pounds . Church World Service is distributing food packages and shelter material for flood-affected families in Balochistan , Khan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , as well as mobilizing a health unit to offer emergency medical assistance in Mansehra . Your donation can be made online and by phone at 1-800 .297 -1516 . Direct Relief International is providing emergency medical aid to healthcare partners responding to disaster in Pakistan . Donations to their Emergency Response fund can me made online and by calling 1-800-676-1638 . Doctor 's Without Borders is supporting basic health units in the flood-affected areas of Pakistan . The organization is also helping with water distribution to health structures , as well as hygiene products , cooking sets and other supplies . They are planning to send additional personnel and mobilizing resources to assist relief efforts . Contributions can be made online and by phone at 1-888-392-0392 . The International Rescue Committee has been working in Pakistan for the past 30 years , in many of the areas directly affected by this current crisis . They are focused on water and sanitation , disease prevention , and the distribution of hygiene kits and the tools flood victims will need to rebuild . They are also mobilizing workers for cash for work programs as a way to generate income . You can support the IRC 's efforts in Pakistan online or by calling 877 REFUGEE . Islamic Relief USA is providing food and water for 700 families In Noshara , distributing emergency supplies and working with the United Nations World Food Program to distribute food to 2,000 families in Bakhtiarabad . Islamic Relief has launched a campaign to aid the victims of the floods , which you can support by making an online donation . Mercy Corps is accepting donations to provide flood victims in the hard-hit Swat Valley with water , food and tools to clean up and rebuild . You can donate online . Operation Blessing International is sending emergency medical relief teams to Peshawar , Pakistan . Working with their disaster relief partner charity Humedica , OBI will offer medical treatment and distribute food , clean drinking water and emergency building supplies to thousands in need from this flood . Support for OBI 's disaster relief efforts can be made online or by calling 1-800-730-2537 . Oxfam Great Britain is looking to provide the needed temporary shelter , clean drinking water and toilets to help avert a public health catastrophe . They are accepting online donations in pounds , euros and dollars , and can be reached by telephone internationally at +44  0  1865 47 2602 . In England , you can text ` DONATE ' to 70066 to make a donation of 5 pounds to their Pakistan Floods Appeal . Save the Children is providing food and water , shelter , sanitation and other immediate needs for the families and communities affected by this disaster . They are accepting donations to their Pakistan Children in Emergency Fund online as well as by phone by calling 1-800-728-3843 . ShelterBox distributed hundreds of ShelterBoxes to families rescued from the flood in the Punjab and Khyber Pukhtunkhwa  KPK  regions . Find out how to become part of the ShelterBox Team or help the efforts by making an online donation in the UK and the US . SOS Children 's Villages supports the children of Pakistan through different programs across the country and offers care of lone children following the disaster , as they did after the Kashmir Earthquake . You can make a direct donation in dollars or pounds and you can sponsor a child in Pakistan here . UNICEF 's Pakistan office is providing assistance for water and sanitation , health , and nutrition . They are distributing clean water and water purification tablets to prevent water-borne diseases and will continue to asses the situation to determine if further fundraising appeal is needed . If you are interested in becoming a UNICEF volunteer click here or support flood-relief efforts by making an online donation . World Food Programme is making food distributions to 35,000 families affected by the flooding in Northwestern Pakistan . WFP Pakistan plans to assist up to 150,000 families over the next few months as access to the affected areas improves . You can help by making an online donation in either euros , dollars , pounds or yens . World Vision is working to distribute food and clean water to the affected communities in Pakistan . They have created the World Vision 's Flood Relief Fund which you can support it by making an online donation .	Charities across the world are mobilizing aid for flood-ravaged Pakistan Many sites allow online donations in dollars , pounds and euros Food , clean water and shelter are some of the most immediate needs
CNN  -- Real Madrid will face arch-rivals Barcelona in the final of the Spanish Cup after both teams won the second legs of their semifinals on Wednesday . Barcelona progressed first with a 3-0 win at struggling Almeria which sealed an 8-0 aggregate victory to surpass Athletic Bilbao 's 34 final appearances . Real then knocked out defending champions Sevilla with a 2-0 home win to extend their record to 37 finals , having taken a 1-0 advantage into the match . Coach Jose Mourinho has the chance to end Real 's 17-year trophy drought in the Copa del Rey as Madrid face Barca twice in the space of a week in April . The final on April 20 comes just three days after the second scheduled La Liga "  Clasico " between the two teams this season at the Santiago Bernabeu . Vote for the best clubs in the world in new CNN poll Real went down 5-0 in the first meeting at the Camp Nou on November 29 , and trail Barcelona by seven points in the league after Sunday 's defeat by Osasuna . But Mourinho 's men bounced back to beat 10-man Sevilla with second-half goals from Mesut Ozil and new signing Emmanuel Adebayor . Real winger Angel Di Maria hit the post in the fifth minute , but Ozil finally broke the deadlock with eight to play as he rounded goalkeeper Jari Varas after a defense-splitting pass from fellow Germany midfielder Sami Khedira . Sevilla had defender Sergio Sanchez sent off soon after for his second booking after a challenge on substitute Adebayor , who marked his home debut with a goal in the fourth minute of time added on . ` Cocky ' Ronaldo ridiculed by ` the Rifle ' The Togo international , signed on loan until the end of this season from English club Manchester City , controlled a cross from fellow replacement Lassana Diarra on his chest and smashed a volley into the net . While Real can boast 17 cup wins and 19 runner-up finishes , Barcelona will be seeking to extend the Catalan club 's record of 25 triumphs , with the last coming in 2009 against Bilbao . With key players such as Lionel Messi , Andres Iniesta , Xavi , Gerard Pique and Pedro Rodriguez all rested at Almeria , Barca still cruised with goals from Adriano , Thiago Alcantara and Ibrahim Afellay . Brazilian defender Adriano scored his first goal for the club in the 34th minute after cutting in from the left flank to slot home , while 10 minutes after halftime 19-year-old Thiago headed in a cross from the right by Dani Alves . Dutch midfielder Ifellay then scored his first goal since joining from PSV Eindhoven at the start of last month in the 65th minute to kill off Almeria , who reached the last four for the first time .	Barcelona reach Copa del Rey final for the 35th time after beating Almeria 3-0 Josep Guardiola 's team will seek to clinch record-extending 26th title on April 20 Real Madrid qualify for record 37th final after eliminating cup holders Sevilla Jose Mourinho 's side win 2-0 at home to seal a 3-0 aggregate victory in semi
Editor 's note : Ed Foster is the associate editor of Motor Sport magazine . He is also an F1 pundit for CNN 's World Sport show and writes blogs for CNN.com International . Motor Sport  -- Nigel Mansell called it people power , others just call it home advantage . Andy Murray at Wimbledon , Wayne Rooney at Old Trafford and -- this weekend -- Lewis Hamilton , Jenson Button and Paul di Resta at Silverstone : they have the crowd behind them , they can hear the cheers from the stands , see the caps , banners and flags bearing their names . Mansell was so popular with  most of  the British public that he even started his own movement , "  Mansell Mania , " which peaked at Silverstone in 1987 . "  Our Nige " -- never one to let an ailment or problem go unnoticed -- was suffering from a severe wheel vibration by lap 12 . ` Last dinosaur ' or F1 's brainiest man ? It only got worse and soon he was running five seconds behind teammate Nelson Piquet . The Williams team was n't planning to do any pit stops , but Mansell dived in to change the offending wheel . He emerged 29 seconds off the lead . The fans were distraught -- there would n't be a repeat performance of Mansell 's win the year before at Brands Hatch -- but he was suddenly flying . "  I think I broke the lap record 11 times in the last 15 laps , " he said at the time . He was soon up on the back of Piquet and sold a dummy that Cristiano Ronaldo would have been proud of with only two laps to go . Tires take center stage in F1 His second -- of four -- British Grand Prix wins was complete . The crowd went mad and surged onto the track , so Mansell had to come to a grinding halt on his slowing down lap to avoid running any of them over . Mansell always believed the fans gave him extra power , that extra quarter of a second a lap . It may seem ridiculous , but four of his 31 Formula One wins came on home turf in front of one of the most passionate crowds in the world . Okay , not much comes close to the tifosi at Monza , bedecked in Prancing Horses , but Silverstone is up there . Of course , not everyone shares the same view . British motorbike rider Cal Crutchlow looked a little bemused when posed the question of whether the fans gave him "  extra power " ahead of his MotoGP race at Silverstone on June 17 this year . "  I do n't know ... What ? Like Uri Geller with his spoon ? If he really thinks about it , it bends ... " he said smiling . Injured female F1 driver 's family touched by support "  I 'll tell you what , hopefully all the fans can all sit in the stands on the weekend and think that I can have a podium or something like that and it might happen . "  But seriously you have to treat it like it 's any other race when you 're on the track . " Two days after this he went out and broke his ankle in practice . Come race day he started at the back of the grid -- with said broken ankle -- and stormed through the field to finish an incredible sixth , overtaking Ducati 's former world champion Nicky Hayden on the last lap . So what of the modern F1 drivers ? It does n't make for great reading if you 're Button/Hamilton/di Resta and hoping for a win this weekend in front of the 100,000-strong crowd . Sebastian Vettel -- 0 German Grand Prix wins . Mark Webber -- 0 Australian Grand Prix wins . Button -- 0 British Grand Prix wins . Hamilton -- one British Grand Prix win . Fernando Alonso -- one Spanish Grand Prix win  and one win in the European Grand Prix in Valencia this year , which took him to the top of the championship standings  . The only man to have serious success on home soil is Michael Schumacher with four German Grand Prix wins , behind only compatriot Rudolf Caracciola -- who won it six times between 1926-39 . But seven-time world champion Schumacher has won a record 91 grands prix and it 's no surprise the 43-year-old managed four of those at Hockenheim , plus five victories when the European Grand Prix was held at the Nurburgring . However , he has finished ninth and eighth at the German GP since returning from retirement with Mercedes . This weekend most people 's money is on Vettel . Before his Red Bull gave way in the last race , he was streets ahead in Valencia . No way anyone was going to catch him . Alonso may have won fantastically in front of his home crowd , but he was cautious afterwards . "  Red Bull is fast " echoed round the paddock . McLaren , though , has been throwing the kitchen sink , and many millions , at its 2012 challenger in order to close the gap . And with the unpredictability this season has produced there 's no need to write off either Button -- who has always been dogged by bad luck in his home grand prix -- or his fellow former world champion Hamilton . Also , there 's always that home advantage , but maybe that 's just a load of rubbish ? We 'll see for ourselves on Sunday .	British Grand Prix at Silverstone is home race for Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton Former F1 world champion Nigel Mansell used to say home crowd gave him advantage McLaren drivers to have backing of the majority of 100,000-plus crowd due to attend Defending champ Sebastian Vettel is favorite despite Fernando Alonso leading championship
CNN  -- Until this week , how many parents paid much attention to "  Slenderman " ? He was a fictional villain in a wildly popular online game of hide and seek -- a tall , thin , and faceless monster with tentacle-like arms featured in Web-based ghost stories created by and for horror story enthusiasts . But that 's where this story takes a very dark and tragic turn . With the arrest last weekend of two 12-year-old girls in a suburb of Milwaukee for the alleged stabbing and attempted murder of another 12-year-old girl -- their friend -- it seems that the made-up meme could have inspired monstrous acts in real life . The young suspects were arrested after allegedly luring their innocent friend into the woods and stabbing her 19 times , according to authorities . And a criminal complaint says the suspects admitted they were trying to impress "  Slenderman , " whom they read about on a horror website . But there is so much more to this story that parents and kids need to talk about . As the founder of a national nonprofit who has spent the last 10 years dedicated to helping kids and teens thrive in the digital world , here 's what I know is true : We are raising our children in a hyper-connected , always on , and ever-evolving media and technology landscape that offers many opportunities , yet many challenges for families . In effect , we are conducting an experiment on our children in real time , and how it turns out for them depends a lot on us . It 's very hard to keep up with what 's new and what 's popular with our kids , but the risks of not getting and staying involved in their digital lives is too high . Here 's why : The world of media is a super peer . It can influence our kids ' social , emotional , cognitive , and physical development , and it can powerfully inform their sense of what 's normal and acceptable . Stories , characters and their behavior in media -- whether in a video game , a movie , a TV show , or on a website -- can serve as role models , both good and bad . Do you know what your kids are watching , reading , and doing online ? Do you know who shares their conversations and who plays in their games ? And above all , are the media they 're choosing appropriate for their age and developmental stage ? Mature content may not be suited to immature and developing minds , especially in children , who often can not comprehend the difference between reality and fantasy , and who can not understand the consequences of violent acts . Media can be an amplifier in people , including children , who are at risk . Much more research is needed on the impact of violent media on behavior . But existing research suggests that people who are prone to violent actions , or depression , or anxiety , feel those feelings more strongly , or may be motivated to act on them , when exposed to violent content . Research also points to a correlation between repetitive viewing of violence and increased aggression and desensitization . The research is also uncovering a "  reciprocal " relationship in which children with aggressive tendencies do , over time , seek out more violent media content and are even more affected by it than others , thus creating a downward spiral . Slenderman stabbing case : When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy ? Parents are key to combating the negative effects of media . Our children are exposed to a great deal of content that may not be worthy of their time and attention . Even if your family limits certain unacceptable media at home , your kids can access that same content on any mobile device when they 're not at home or with you . That 's why it 's imperative to engage with them about the media they 're consuming . Take the time to elicit your kids ' opinions on what 's popular and what they 're interested in , and share your opinions so as to help your kids develop the ability to view media critically and make choices that reflect your family 's values . Every child and every family are different , so what works in my family may not work in yours . Each of us has different pain points , different views on what 's appropriate , and different opinions on how much is too much . The reality for all of us , though , is that what happens online can influence what happens in real life . Parenting needs to happen in both places . That way our kids can thrive , even in the face of a made-up monster in a dark and digital world .	James Steyer : Until 12-year-old 's stabbing , not many parents knew about "  Slenderman " Steyer : Internet is a super peer that guides kids ' development , informs sense of what 's normal He says media can offer good or bad role models and amplify problems in at-risk kids Steyer : Parents are key to combating negative media : Engage with your children
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Opposition activists formed a human chain outside one of the entrances to Tahrir Square on Saturday afternoon to prevent two Egyptian military tanks from crossing through barricades into what has effectively become an anti-Mubarak enclave in the heart of the Egyptian capital . An eyewitness said scuffles broke out after an army general asked demonstrators to take down their makeshift barricades of corrugated steel and debris , which were built up during 48 hours of bloody fighting with regime supporters next to Cairo 's landmark Egyptian Museum . "  This general went through the barricades , they -LSB- the soldiers -RSB- knocked down some barricades on the way to the museum , which caused some panic and scuffling , " said photographer Ron Haviv . "  When he did it all chaos broke loose . " Haviv said that initial tension was defused after Gen. Hassan Al Roweni began negotiating with medics who have established a first aid station for wounded combatants just behind the first line of barriers . "  He is still talking to doctors at the clinic , " Haviv said . "  He is asking them to remove the clinic . " Later , Roweni made a tour of Tahrir . Military guards in red berets struggled to hold back the enthusiastic crowd as many Egyptians tried to embrace and kiss the general amid chants of "  The military and the people are one hand . " Over the past week , Tahrir Square has been transformed from a bustling urban center into a fortified campground inhabited by thousands of well-organized anti-Mubarak demonstrators . It includes sidewalk first aid clinics and stations for charging cell phones , and the protesters respond to threats by blowing whistles and clanging metal rods . The alarm prompts scores of men to race to the entrances to the square , where rocks for stone-throwing are stockpiled in preparation for possible battles . Eyewitnesses said Roweni 's visit appeared aimed at trying to persuade demonstrators to reopen the square to ordinary traffic . The officer took to the stage erected at the north end of the square for several minutes and made an unsuccessful attempt to appeal to the demonstrators . "  You can all express your views and opinions freely , but I ask you to put the security of Egypt first , " Roweni announced through a loudspeaker system . "  This is directed to the youth of January 25th , " he added , referring to the date when protests first erupted , throwing Egypt into what many observers now call a political revolution . "  There are many people who are manipulating you , " Roweni said . The crowd chanted a simple answer : "  No , no , no . " The general concluded his short statement by saying , "  I do n't understand what it is you want . " The crowd roared back a chant that has been repeated for days across the open expanses of Tahrir Square : "  Leave , leave , leave . He leaves , we leave . " This call for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to resign is the demand that unites the grass-roots movement in Tahrir . After hearing the answer from the crowd , Roweni left the stage and the square without saying another word .	NEW : Apparent military effort to reopen Tahrir Square is rebuffed NEW : When Mubarak leaves , they will leave , the protesters say The Tahrir Square protesters form a human chain to block tanks from entering Scuffles broke out when soldiers knocked down some barricades , a witness says
CNN  -- With the Emmy Awards this weekend , it 's time for the predictions . Who will defend their crown ? Who will take home a statuette for the first time ? Who should win ? And who will win ? Here are our prognostications . Tell us yours in the comments section below . Outstanding drama series Although "  Mad Men " has the most victories in the drama series category and "  Game of Thrones " leads with 16 nominations , neither of these two shows is a sure thing .  "  Mad Men " was shut out last year , and if the Creative Arts Emmys this year are any indication , "  Game of Thrones " wo n't sweep  . The real race is between defending champion "  Homeland , " which won last year for its freshman season , and "  Breaking Bad , " which has better odds to triumph given that the critically acclaimed show 's fifth season is its last . As a four-time nominee , voters might feel like giving "  Bad " a hug goodbye , so the show will likely win . Photos : ` Breaking Bad 's ' most memorable scenes But as far as creative ambition and strength of storytelling , the epic "  Game of Thrones " pulls off the bigger feat and should win .  Unfortunately , historically Emmy voters tend not to favor fantasy shows , save for "  Lost " before its supernatural elements became prominent  . Outstanding comedy series A sentimental choice might also rule the comedy series category . Just as "  Breaking Bad " is the favorite to win the drama race in its last season , so could "  30 Rock " take the comedy crown . If Facebook could predict the Emmy winners ... However , "  30 Rock " has won three times  2007 , 2008 and 2009  , so it does n't provide the same element of righting a wrong to give it one last Emmy , and the show has been shut out ever since "  Modern Family " stole its winning streak . Last season of "  Modern Family , " however , was n't a laugh riot , and voter fatigue could be an issue here -- how many times can this show continue to win ? A newcomer to the ballot , "  Louie " has a singular vision and has influenced other shows in its category  i.e. "  Girls "  , which might help break the comedy category from the ensemble-oriented tunnel vision . Unlike "  Girls , " "  Louie " does n't have a backlash problem -- and the show has nods for writing , directing , acting and editing , a total package . "  Modern Family " might win again , "  30 Rock " might even get some love , but "  Louie " should score . Photos : What we 'll miss most from '30 Rock ' Outstanding TV movie/miniseries "  Game Change " was a clear favorite in the TV movie/miniseries category last year , and this year , it 's Steven Soderbergh 's "  Behind the Candelabra , " starring Michael Douglas as Liberace and Matt Damon as his lover , Scott Thorson , with 15 nominations . Photos : ` Behind the Candelabra ' "  Candelabra " will dominate , but would it be crazy if "  American Horror Story : Asylum " took the prize ? With 17 nominations and the most out-there topics -- Nazi experiments , demonic possessions , alien abductions and serial killers -- the show still managed to be as poignant as it was camp . No easy feat . Outstanding lead actor in a comedy series Of course , all of these shows depend on the strength of their actors . Stand-up comics , however , rarely win acting Emmys , but this might be the year that changes that trend , if Louis C.K. can take home an award .  He looks poised to do so , after his recent win at the Critics ' Choice Television Awards and Television Critics Association Awards  . Coming up on his heels are last year 's winner , Don Cheadle , for "  House of Lies , " crowd favorite Jim Parsons for "  Big Bang Theory , " Alec Baldwin , who took home the Emmy in 2008 and 2009 but is on his last chance for "  30 Rock , " and Jason Bateman , the sole nominee from "  Arrested Development . " Cheadle did n't submit a showcase episode , so there 's room for an upset here . Louis C.K. can and should win . Outstanding lead actress in a comedy series As for comedy actresses , Tina Fey , Edie Falco and Julia Louis-Dreyfus have all won Emmys for their respective roles on "  30 Rock , " "  Nurse Jackie " and "  Veep . " Fey might get the sentimental vote for being the show 's creator and the show having its last season , but it 's also time for her pal Amy Poehler to get a win for "  Parks and Recreation . "  And if either one wins , they could do a speech together ! Hilarity would ensue . Outstanding leads in a drama series In the Emmy race for drama actor and actress , "  Homeland " hopes for a repeat of its sweep . This year , Claire Danes is the only former Emmy winner in her field , which includes Elisabeth Moss  "  Mad Men "  , Michelle Dockery  "  Downton Abbey "  , Vera Farmiga  "  Bates Motel "  , Kerry Washington  "  Scandal "  and Robin Wright  "  House of Cards "  . While Danes has the more flamboyant role , she has a rival in Washington , who is also a favorite and might become the first African-American actress to win best actress in this category . Kerry Washington : Emmys ` it girl ' But previous Oscar nominee Farmiga should win . As the mother of a teenage Norman Bates , she plays a role that is at turns neurotic , obsessive and sympathetic , creating a character who might be even more dangerous in some ways than her serial killer son .  Though Moss would be shut out -- again -- she 's really more deserving for best actress for her movie/miniseries "  Top of the Lake , " even if Jessica Lange is the favorite in that category  . Bryan Cranston : Emmys man of the moment Meanwhile , Bryan Cranston lost out to Damian Lewis last year , but Cranston is the favorite to win this year , what with the series finale of "  Breaking Bad " airing just a week after the Emmys . If Cranston wins , this would be his fourth Emmy , and he would tie with "  NYPD Blue " star Dennis Franz for most wins in this category . Even though his competition includes two-time Oscar winner Kevin Spacey for "  House of Cards " and always-a-nominee , never-a-winner Jon Hamm for "  Mad Men , " Cranston will and should win . Say his name , Emmy voters !	How will "  Breaking Bad " fare as it wraps up its final season ? Can "  Modern Family " maintain its comedy streak ? Will stand-up comic Louis C.K. nab an Emmy this year ? Pals Tina Fey and Amy Poelher are both nominated -- will either win ?
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong 's Radio Shack team has been involved in a doping case after Chinese rider Fuyu Li tested positive for the banned substance Clenbuterol . In a statement confirming the news , Radio Shack said : "  We have been informed by the UCI that our rider Fuyu Li has had an A-sample positive test for the banned substance Clenbuterol . "  The sample was collected on March 23 in Belgium and Fuyu Li has been immediately suspended pending the outcome of his B-sample test in the next few weeks . "  If that test is positive the rider will be removed from the team . "  Team RadioShack and its management take this incident very seriously . We will respect the rights of our rider but will enforce our zero tolerance policy should his B-sample test positive . " Fuyu , the first Chinese to take out a professional cycling licence , is the second rider to have failed a drugs test in as many days after Italy 's Mattia Gavazzi of the CSF team tested positive for cocaine following a test in March .	Lance Armstrong 's Radio Shack team has been involved in a doping case Chinese rider Fuyu Li tested positive for banned substance Clenbuterol in March The team confirms the rider will be dismissed if his B-sample also tests positive
CNN  -- Handicapping the Nobel Peace Prize is notoriously difficult . Kristian Berg Harpviken , director of the Peace Research Institute Oslo  PRIO  , a peace studies organization , has never picked a winner , since starting to make predictions in 2009 . This year , the odds-on favorite was Pope Francis . His win would have been historic -- he 'd have been the first Roman Catholic pontiff to win the peace prize . Instead , it went to India 's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai for their push for young people 's right to education . But , by losing , the Pope joins another -- still illustrious -- list : Favorites that did n't win . Here 's a look at six rumored front-runners , who surprised everyone when they did n't walk away with the Nobel Peace Prize : Mahatma Gandhi Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi is widely recognized as one of the most-snubbed nominees . His name is virtually synonymous with peace . Gandhi was nominated five times for the Nobel Peace Prize -- in 1937 , 1938 , 1939 , 1947 and finally in 1948 , a few days before he was assassinated -- but never won . A posthumous award was reportedly considered . But , in the end , the Nobel Committee decided against making an award in 1948 , saying "  there was no suitable living candidate . " Many have interpreted that comment to mean that Gandhi was the de facto winner that year . Sima Samar The Nobel Committee is known to make surprising choices sometimes , and few winners were more of a surprise than U.S. President Barack Obama in 2009 , the first year of his presidency . Many had expected Samar to win that year , or later . She is best known as a trailblazer for women 's rights in Afghanistan , though she 's worked on human rights around the world . Samar fled Afghanistan when its communist regime arrested her husband in 1984 . She remained in exile until 2002 when she was appointed as a women 's affairs minister in then-Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's transitional administration She is a medical doctor who serves as the chairperson of Afghanistan 's Independent Human Rights Commission . Cesar Chavez Chavez was nominated for the prize three times by the American Friends Service Committee -- in 1971 , 1974 and 1975 . The Mexican American farm worker and labor leader co-founded what 's now known as the United Farm Workers . The group fought for fair wages and safer working conditions through nonviolent marches , boycotts and fasts . Chavez is widely celebrated in the United States as one of the country 's foremost Latino leaders . He died in the early 1990s , but his legacy lives on . Chavez is credited with popularizing the Spanish phrase , "  Si , se puede , " which was adopted as "  Yes , we can , " by Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign . Pope John Paul II This year was n't the first year a Pope was in the running . John Paul was a favorite in 2003 . Many credit the Polish-born pope with playing a key role in the defeat of Communism . He traveled widely and made a point to preach religious tolerance during his 26-year papacy . When he died , in 2005 , Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel told CNN that John Paul II "  will have a very important place in Jewish history " as the first Pope to visit a synagogue . He apologized for previous persecution of Jews at the hands of the church and for the Vatican 's failure to do more to prevent the Holocaust . John Paul lost to Shirin Ebadi , an Iranian human rights lawyer who became the first Muslim woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize . Corazon Aquino Aquino was the first woman to lead the Philippines , serving as President from 1986-1992 . A former housewife , she was propelled to the head of a "  People Power " movement that pushed out longtime strongman Ferdinand Marcos after her husband 's assassination . She was a religious woman who drove the country 's democratic process . Aquino fought against poverty and the country 's massive debt , while contending with a Marxist insurgency and several coup attempts . She managed to reform the country 's constitution , imposing a single six-year term for Philippine presidents . She died in 2009 , without ever having won the peace prize . Her son , Benigno Aquino III , is the current President of the Philippines . Eleanor Roosevelt Was one Roosevelt enough ? In 1906 , Theodore Roosevelt became the first American to win the Nobel Peace Prize . Decades later , Eleanor Roosevelt never did . She is thought to have been nominated several times while she was alive . There was also a campaign to award a posthumous prize to her . Roosevelt was a tireless advocate for civil rights and women . She transformed the role of the first lady of the United States . "  She advocated for human and civil rights throughout her political life and represented America in the United Nations and helped to draft the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights , " wrote a CNN iReporter in support of a posthumous prize for Roosevelt . "  She was a strong , bold and courageous woman and she deserves to honored respectfully . " CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : India 's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai win the peace prize Handicapping the Nobel Peace Prize is notoriously difficult This year , the odds-on favorite was Pope Francis By losing , he joins an illustrious list of favorites that did n't win
CNN  -- Last week , the "  Republican War on Women " morphed into the "  Democrat War on Mommies . " The shots that started both wars were fired by two commentators , Rush Limbaugh and Hilary Rosen . Whose words were worse ? Rush wins that contest , in my book . His words were offensive in and of themselves . Hilary 's words were offensive because the context they were used in led people to see them as a slight to stay-at-home moms . Later in the week , Mitt Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom and President Obama adviser David Axelrod got into a Twitter duel , or maybe we should just call it tweet-for-tat . Fehrnstrom took umbrage with recent anti-Ann Romney comments made by comedian and Obama donor Bill Maher . Axelrod , in turn , accused Fehrnstrom of "  studied outrage . " If the outrage was studied , it came straight from the Democrats ' playbook . What we learned in Limbaugh-gate was then applied to Rosen-gate . The lessons will be with us for other campaigns to follow . When Rush made his comments attacking Sandra Fluke , Republicans were slow to react . It was n't until days after that more Republican voices started to publicly disagree with what he 'd said . Romney finally gave a tepid answer saying it was n't the language he would have used . Democrats were quick and skillful in branding Rush 's words with the Republican label , which they stamped on every Republican running for anything in America . The presidential candidates all disagreed with his claims but were left to pay the price . It took several days for Rush to apologize and only after a national boycott of his radio show , leaving some to perceive the apology as economically motivated . What began as a strong Republican defense of religious liberties turned into an epic battle for women 's rights . Democrats cleverly coined it the "  War on Women . " It was a brilliant move . Polls showed a gender gap favoring Obama of as much as 20 points . Both camps understand the election can hinge on who women support and how many of us turn out . Obama hosted a women 's forum in the White House . Romney began using multiple rows of women as backdrops at his events . He held a roundtable with women , and his campaign organized a women-themed conference call , all within hours of each other . Both candidates engaged in a blatantly political chess game to outmaneuver each other to show their feminine side . Just then , Democrat strategist Hilary Rosen said in an interview that Ann Romney "  has never worked a day in her life . " Republicans gave Democrats a taste of their own medicine . It took minutes for GOP operatives to denounce the "  War on Mommies " and spring into action pinning Rosen 's words on Obama 's . Democrats wasted no time either . They triple dissed her -- disowned , disagreed and distanced . In less than 24 hours , President Obama , Michelle Obama , Joe Biden and every campaign staffer from David Axelrod to the lowliest intern was disavowing Rosen 's statement . Hilary herself learned from Rush what not to do . She apologized quickly , sincerely and repeatedly . She put her ego aside , not easy for any of us in the business of politics , and recognized the best course of action for her party was not to add fuel to the fire by endlessly defending herself . She canceled a scheduled appearance on Meet the Press . Political messaging has become an art form . It matters less if outrage is genuine or exaggerated and more that it is believable and contagious . Amid all the carefully contrived women frenzy , the substance of the issues can end up lost on the battlefield . Unfortunately , we have n't spent nearly as much time clearly articulating what the candidates are specifically proposing to improve women 's lives as we have hurling accusations and making declarations of war . In the not-too-distant future , political science classes will compare these two incidents as case studies in political crisis management 101 . Humans make mistakes . In today 's world , any gaffe can go viral in minutes and turn into a major issue . It 's crucial to react immediately , express strongly worded disagreement and regret , and then recede in hopes it will die quickly in the ever-churning news cycle . The other side should pounce on every opportunity to turn an unfortunate choice of words into an all-out war over a noble cause or demographic group and fan the flames of outrage and rebellion . In the meantime , all of us engaged in punditry will be reciting the Analysts ' Prayer : "  Dear Lord , Please keep me from saying things I will regret , words I 'd rather forget . Let me give views , not make news . If I fail , let me be wise and quickly apologize . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ana Navarro .	Ana Navarro : In recent weeks we 've seen two commentators face firestorm of criticism She says Mitt Romney 's forces were slow to respond to Rush Limbaugh attack on Sandra Fluke Obama 's team responded with ferocity to Hilary Rosen 's comments , Navarro says Navarro : Responding quickly is essential , but substance is getting lost in rhetorical wars
CNN  -- Misty Croslin , the last person known to see a 5-year-old Florida girl before she was reported missing on February 9 , 2009 , faces a sentence of up to 210 years in prison after pleading no contest Monday to unrelated drug charges . Croslin entered no contest pleas to seven counts of trafficking prescription drugs before a Putnam County , Florida , judge , said Chris Kelly , a spokesman for the state attorney 's office . Each first-degree count carries a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Croslin has a St. John 's County court appearance Tuesday on a single trafficking charge . All the counts stem from a series of incidents between around January of this year , during which Croslin allegedly sold hydrocodone to undercover officers . Calls to Croslin 's attorney , Robert Fields , were not immediately returned Monday . Kelly said that in terms of sentencing , there 's no distinction between pleading no contest to a felony and pleading guilty . At the time Haleigh Cummings went missing , Croslin was 17 and lived in the family 's mobile home with her then-husband , Ronald Cummings , and the girl and her 4-year-old brother . Croslin and Ronald Cummings were both arrested in January along with three others after allegedly selling about $ 3,900 worth of drugs to undercover officers , authorities said . The two divorced after Haleigh 's disappearance . Croslin told police she tucked Haleigh and the brother into bed about 8 p.m. February 8 , 2009 , and went to sleep two hours later . She said she awoke at 3 a.m. to find Haleigh missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings reported Haleigh missing when he returned from work at dawn . Police have said Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , the girl 's mother , are not considered suspects . Authorities believe Haleigh is dead and are treating the case as a homicide investigation . Authorities have previously said physical evidence contradicts Croslin 's account of the events that night . However , police have stopped short of naming Croslin as a suspect . In televised interviews , Croslin has said she does not know what happened to Haleigh but believes "  the other side of the family " knows where she is .	Misty Croslin pleads no contest to seven counts of drug trafficking She faces up to 210 years in prison , and possibly more Croslin was the last person known to see 5-year-old Haleigh Cummings
CNN  -- It was a five cent Chinese yuan coin that gave Tan Yuan Yuan the chance to dance . Poise , character and determination led to Tan becoming San Francisco Ballet 's first Chinese principal dancer . Born into a traditional family in Shanghai , the obstacles Tan broke through to become one of today 's most critically acclaimed ballerinas began at home . Her mother who had wanted to be a ballerina saw that her daughter 's physique , looks and determination fitted perfectly into a ballerina 's profile and encouraged Tan to become one . "  She wanted me to fulfill her dream , " Tan told CNN 's Talk Asia . But her father , an engineer , had a different plan for his daughter . "  He wanted me to become a doctor or an engineer ... because I was a good student in school , " Tan said . Her father saw ballet as a western art form inappropriate for a traditional Chinese girl and as a career that is unstable and short . The two settled their differences with a flip of a coin that landed in favor of her mother 's wishes and her father accepted the defeat as a matter of fate . The relationship between ballet and Tan began at the age of five when Tan was mesmerized by the beauty of a performance of Swan Lake on TV . Apart from the tutus and the fairy queen 's crown , the music and the ballerina 's movements impressed her . At age 11 , Tan began her rigorous training at Shanghai Dance School and graduated four years later . But entering Shanghai Dance School a year later than the other pupils made it difficult for Tan to catch up . "  I was n't very good . I was always in the corner crying , " said Tan . Things took a turn for the better in her third year when Ms. Ling , a new teacher took over the class and "  put her full time into our ballet trainings , " Tan added . When CNN asked about her motivation to be an incredible performer , she explained : "  It is in Chinese blood to always try your best ... and no matter what happens today , for example , if your back gives out or your foot is in pain or your toe is bleeding , no matter what happens you always give the audience a perfect show . " San Francisco Ballet artistic director , Helgi Tomasson , saw this desire and determination in Tan at an international ballet competition in France and immediately stole her from Stuttgart Ballet in Germany that had offered her a scholarship . Joining the company in 1995 , two years later she became the first Chinese principal dancer in San Francisco 's 70 year history . Along the way to becoming one of the world 's best ballerinas , she has won three international dancing awards , danced at the White House for former President Bill Clinton , and was named one of TIME magazine 's "  Asia 's Heroes " in 2004 . But despite the accolades , Tan remains down to earth , even sewing her own point shoes with elastics and ribbons to attain the perfect shape for her feet . "  The shoes are just part of my life ... it usually takes me more than half an hour to sew , " she said . She has recently accepted Hong Kong Ballet 's offer to be a guest principal dancer in "  Tricolor " , three 20th century masterpieces which include George Balanchine 's Rubies , Serge Lifar 's "  Suite en Blanc " , and Antony Tudor 's "  Jardin aux Lilas " . In the future , Tan hopes to be a ballet educator , choreographer or designer in both China and the United States . But in the meantime she has decided to follow her Buddhist teachings and just "  go with the flow . " "  If a good opportunity comes to me I will embrace it . I am very grateful that I have this opportunity ; if it 's not mine , it 's not mine , " she told CNN .	Tan Yuan Yuan is San Francisco Ballet 's principal dancer Career path as a ballerina was decided by the flip of a coin Growing up in traditional Chinese family , her father wanted her to be a doctor
JOHNSTOWN , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin charged into the culture wars Saturday in Pennsylvania , painting Sen. Barack Obama as a radical on abortion rights . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks at a rally in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , Saturday . The stop comes amid news that Palin violated Alaska ethics law by trying to get her former brother-in-law fired from the state police , a state investigator 's report for the bipartisan Legislative Council concluded Friday . Ethics woes aside , Palin focused her attention on abortion -- an issue that rallies the conservative base but some say alienates independent and women voters . "  In times like these with wars and financial crisis , I know that it may be easy to forget even as deep and abiding a concern as the right to life , and it seems that our opponent kind of hopes you will forget that , " Palin told a crowd in Johnstown . "  He hopes that you wo n't notice how radical , absolutely radical his idea is on this , and his record is , until it 's too late . " Palin has mostly avoided raising her opposition to abortion rights on the campaign trail since she was tapped as Sen. John McCain 's running mate , a fact she readily acknowledged in her remarks . Watch more of Palin 's views on abortion " But Palin said Obama 's record on the matter is too extreme to be ignored , and she spent 10 minutes of her 30-minute speech discussing abortion . "  A vote for Barack Obama is a vote for activist courts that will continue to smother the open and democratic debate that we deserve and that we need on this issue of life , " she said . "  Obama is a politician who has long since left behind even the middle ground on the issue of life . " Obama opposes any constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court 's decision in Roe v. Wade and disagreed with Supreme Court ruling to uphold the "  Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act . " He did not cast a vote on Prohibiting Funds for Groups that Perform Abortions amendment in 2007 . Palin opposes abortion in all cases , including rape and incest , except when a mother 's life is in danger , and said she believes Roe v. Wade should be overturned and the decision given to the states . McCain voted for the Prohibit Partial Birth Abortion bill in 2003 and "  yes " for Prohibiting Funds for Groups that Perform Abortions amendment in 2007 . He believes Roe v. Wade is a flawed decision that must be overturned , and also supports the Supreme Court ruling upholding the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act . Palin also talked about a remark Obama made about sex education while campaigning in Johnstown in March , when he told a voter he did n't want his daughters "  punished with a baby " or "  punished with an STD " if they were not educated about sex and made a mistake . "  So I listened when our opponent defended his unconditional support for unlimited abortions and he said he said that a woman should n't have to be ` Punished with a baby , ' " Palin said as the audience jeered at Obama . "  Ladies and gentlemen , he said that right here in Johnstown . ` Punished with a baby . ' It 's about time we called him on it . " Obama is also in Pennsylvania Saturday -- campaigning in the heavily Democratic city of Philadelphia . During his four-stop swing around the city , Obama acknowledged McCain 's efforts to "  tone down the rhetoric " on the campaign trail . "  I appreciated his reminder that we can disagree while still being respectful of each other . I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again -- Sen. McCain has served this country with honor , and he deserves our thanks for that , " Obama told an early morning crowd assembled in the northern part of the city . Watch more of Obama 's comments " Ever since last weekend , when Palin first accused Obama of "  palling around with a terrorist , " referring to 1960s radical William Ayers , rowdy crowds have called Obama a liar , terrorist and worse . At an event Friday in Lakeville , Minnesota , McCain referred to Obama as a "  decent person " and praised him as a "  family man " after two voters expressed fear over Obama being elected . Watch McCain tell voters not to be afraid of Obama " But the Arizona senator was met by a sea of boos when asking the crowd to be more respectful toward Obama . When the crowd began to boo , McCain told them "  No , no . I want everyone to be respectful . " Obama later dispensed with polite talk and pivoted to his main campaign trail argument that McCain is out of touch on the economy . "  Sen. McCain 's campaign manager actually said that Sen. McCain was n't talking about the market because there 's just not much a candidate for president can say -- and they are n't sure what he 'd say each day even if he did talk about it , " Obama said . "  But here 's the thing Philadelphia . They can run misleading ads , and pursue the politics of anything goes , they can try to change the subject . They can do that what they want to do because the American people understand what 's going on -- but it 's not going to work . Not this time . " CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Sasha Johnson contributed to this report .	Sarah Palin , Barack Obama both campaign Saturday in Pennsylvania Palin hammers Obama on the abortion issue in Johnstown Obama acknowledges McCain 's efforts to "  tone down the rhetoric "
CNN  -- News that Microsoft has sunk $ 300 million into a venture with Barnes & Noble sends a clear signal that the computing giant and the bookseller aim to shake up the e-book market with new ammo in their fight against Amazon and Apple . But whatever impact the move has on sales of B&N 's Nook e-readers now , it 's the future of the partnership that has truly disruptive potential . The Nook 's considerable catalog of books and other content could become more formidable when married with products like Microsoft 's forthcoming Windows 8 operating system -- which is designed to run on tablet computers -- and even its leading game console , the Xbox . "  Microsoft has not successfully gotten outside of PCs in any way other than the Xbox , " said James McQuivey , an analyst with Forrester Research who studies both e-readers and Microsoft products , including the Xbox . "  Now , if you have the best game console in the world and the highest penetration of a PC operating system in the world and an OK platform for tablets , you really do have an interesting play that Microsoft has stumbled into . " Early versions of Windows 8 have received largely positive reviews . Several electronics companies are said to be building tablets to run the system . But content is king . And with Barnes & Noble 's book offerings cooked into Windows 8 , it could put the system in the same league as Apple 's , which has incorporated iTunes into virtually all of its products . "  This is a key way of getting more content on to the Microsoft platform , " Ingrid Lunden wrote for TechCrunch , "  specifically e-books content to ensure that its Windows 8 tablets will be able to compete not only against the best-selling iPad but also the Kindle Fire from Amazon , along with the rest of the company 's e-readers . " According to Monday 's announcement , Microsoft 's $ 300 million is buying a 17.6 % stake in B&N 's Nook products and books , which are being split off from the company 's brick-and-mortar stores . Currently , Amazon has more than 60 % of both the e-book and e-reader market , McQuivey said . Estimates suggest that Amazon , which tends to be stingy with announcing its sales figures , has sold more than 20 million Kindles , including at least 6 million Kindle Fire tablets . McQuivey says the Nook has probably tallied less than half that . A Barnes & Noble representative declined Monday to comment on sales figures , saying only that the company has sold "  millions " of Nooks . "  What 's happening right now is , Amazon is walking away with that business , because Amazon already has the book buyer at a critical point : their website , " McQuivey said . "  Amazon has almost a chokehold . ... The only way to get around that is if you happen to be a Barnes & Noble customer or you 're in the Barnes & Noble store . " What a merging of Nook products and the new Windows 8 operating system could do , he said , is "  try to get you before you even go to Amazon . " The Microsoft deal might not have a huge impact on sales of current devices , according to McQuivey . But it sets the table for a future in which a Nook tablet , running Windows 8 , could marry content from PCs with content from the Xbox game console and other devices . Adding at least one tablet to its Nook lineup  McQuivey predicts multiple devices with different-sized screens  would put Barnes & Noble more on par with Amazon , which has had more success with its $ 199 Kindle Fire than any other would-be competitor to Apple 's iPad . ComScore says the Fire is the top-selling tablet running Google 's Android operating system , with more than 54 % of that market in the U.S. . The second-place device , the Samsung Galaxy Tab , comes in at about 15 % . Whether a Nook-Windows combo could have similar success , of course , remains an open question . "  Clearly , " McQuivey said , "  this is just a first step . "	Microsoft 's investment in the Nook expands options for Barnes & Noble e-books The Windows 8 operating system could benefit from the Nook 's catalog Currently , Amazon dominates the e-reader and e-book marketplace Microsoft spent $ 300 million for 17.6 % of B&N 's e-book business
CNN  -- Gone in 60 seconds ? That would be generous . A manhunt is on for an inmate who made a bold escape in Garland County , Arkansas . Alarming surveillance video shows just how easily he was able to slither past prison guards and break free . Derrick Estell bolted through a 12-by-30-inch reception window at the detention center while another prisoner distracted the deputies guarding him . He was there talking on an inmate phone . Inmate catches officers by surprise Estell ran out the front of the jail with a deputy in hot pursuit . He jumped into a waiting car and was gone . Authorities found that getaway car abandoned just a few minutes away . "  Currently we are investigating , several , several leads that we have received , " said Deputy Scott Hinojosa . Already under arrest is William Harding , who is suspected of distracting the guards and providing the getaway car . He was visiting the jail at the time of the escape . The suspected driver of the getaway car is Tamara Upshaw . In June , she was brought in for skipping bond on a theft charge . Estell has a lengthy rap sheet , which includes charges of aggravated robbery , breaking and entering , and burglary among others . A list that 's sure to grow after his escape in broad daylight .	Derrick Estell has a lengthy rap sheet Two people are suspected of helping him escape Authorities accuse Tamara Upshaw of driving the getaway car
CNN  -- James "  Whitey " Bulger 's defense lawyer continued hammering away at one of the government 's star witnesses in a Boston courtroom Wednesday , trying to portray the convicted killer as a pathological liar who should have called it quits and gone to the electric chair when he had the chance . "  Why not take the death penalty and get it over with ? " Bulger attorney Hank Brennan asked Steven Flemmi . "  I was dead either way , " responded the Bulger henchman , who has spent five days on the witness stand . Flemmi said he decided to cooperate with the government to spare his friends and family from having to suffer through endless trials : "  I took the path of least resistance . " Key to any deal , he said , was testifying against his former crime partners . "  I was facing life-in-prison , plus 30-year consecutive sentences , plus the electric chair in two states , " he said , describing his testimony as non-negotiable and a package deal , "  It was a global situation . " It 's ` Whitey ' vs. ` The Rifleman ' as Bulger defense goes for top witness Flemmi pleaded guilty in 2003 to 10 murders . Bulger 's lawyer challenged Flemmi , saying he caved because he could n't handle conditions "  in the hole " in solitary confinement , on a cold floor in a 6-by-6-foot cell , with a  1/4 - inch slit to look outside . "  I 'm a human being . I 'd like to have a chair , " Flemmi said . When he complained about having no TV , prosecutor Fred Wyshak jumped up : "  I object . It 's not the Hilton . " After his deal , Flemmi was moved to a more comfortable , undisclosed facility . Throughout the trial , Bulger 's lawyers have tried to show that as FBI informants , Bulger and Flemmi were protected by rogue FBI agents up and down the chain of command . Without that protection , the duo 's reign of terror would not have been as successful or lasted as long as it did , from the early 1970s through the mid-1990s . Juror weeps as witness details strangling death of woman After he was arrested in January 1995 , Flemmi tried arguing he had been given immunity for his criminal activity by FBI agents who looked the other way . One of them , disgraced agent John Connolly , was convicted of federal and state crimes and is serving 40 years in Florida . Brennan has been relentless in his questioning of Flemmi , referring to him as a rat . "  A rat is someone who scurries around and feeds on other people , " Brennan pointed out . Flemmi defended his relationship with the FBI , saying both sides benefited : "  It was quid pro quo , survival . " When asked whether the FBI agent Connolly ever suggested someone be killed , Flemmi answered , "  He gave us information and we acted on it . " U.S. District Judge Denise Casper is reviewing the 30-person witness list submitted by Bulger 's attorneys . Many can testify about Bulger 's role as an informant but not about the federal murder and racketeering charges he faces . She 's expected to rule on which witnesses are relevant to Bulger 's defense . Man who 'd been set to testify against Bulger found dead	Bulger partner Steven Flemmi explains why he 's cooperating with the government "  I took the path of least resistance " to spare his family many trials , he says Reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger is charged with murder and racketeering
Washington  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama headed to the Jersey Shore this week to tout the recovery effort from Superstorm Sandy , congressional Republicans sought to keep the nation 's focus on Washington . On the same day Obama played "  Touchdown Fever " with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on the Point Pleasant boardwalk and urged Americans to come spend money in the devastated region , House GOP committee leaders ensured that a series of controversies dominating the start of the president 's second term remained in the headlines . Obama quoted from the Tom Waits song "  Jersey Girl " popularized by local hero Bruce Springsteen , while GOP officials announced subpoenas of State Department records involving last year 's deadly Benghazi terrorist attack , questioned if Attorney General Eric Holder lied to Congress about cracking down on journalists and announced another congressional hearing on IRS targeting of conservative groups . And on Friday , Obama stood in the Rose Garden to push Congress to extend student loan rates that are set to double on July 1 if the White House and Republicans ca n't strike a deal . It 's all part of a high-stakes showdown over political messaging , with the White House trying to shift the focus from the controversies that Republicans seek to emphasize in their efforts to retain their House majority and perhaps win control of the Senate in next year 's congressional elections . "  Voters react against what they perceive to be excess and overkill , " said Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway , who noted that recent polls show the public believes one of the current controversies -- the IRS targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status -- amounted to government overreach . "  Any political party that overreaches usually gets slapped back by the public , " she added , referring to losses suffered by parties in power in mid-term elections in 1994 , 2006 and 2010 . The GOP narrative depicts a government gone wild , with party leaders and strategists accusing the Obama administration of routinely abusing its powers . To bolster their argument , they lump the three controversies together in an effort to create a sweeping example of leaders avoiding accountability and responsibility . "  Benghazi . The IRS . AP phone records . The failures for which Barack Obama will be remembered are not just those of one man or one administration , " Republican strategist Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor , recently wrote in an opinion piece . "  They are the failures of an old idea -- that big , old , dumb , top-down , factory style government can manage the complexities of modern times . " Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee , complained of "  an arrogant abuse of power " by the president . "  Now in his second term , now that he 's implementing his agenda , we are seeing big government in practice , " the House Budget Committee chairman said Wednesday on Fox . Asked if the controversies would bring Republican victories in next year 's congressional elections to take control of the Senate while retaining their majority in the House , Ryan said it was "  just way too premature to make a comment like that . " White House emphasizes business as usual For his part , Obama seemed to acknowledge his political troubles at a fundraiser on Wednesday night in Chicago , telling supporters that "  sometimes we take a bad turn , sometimes we make mistakes . " At the same time , the president complained of "  obstructionism for the sake of obstructionism " by political foes who appeared interested "  only in scoring political points or placating a base , as opposed to trying to advance the interests of the American people . " "  We 've got to figure out a way to work around that , " he continued , declaring that the solution would be for Democrats to regain majority control in the House next year . Obama 's schedule this week demonstrated how the White House took a "  business as usual " approach that emphasized low-risk issues for the president , such as Tuesday 's visit to New Jersey for a bipartisan review of recovery efforts with Christie , a leading Republican . The joint appearance benefited both men by portraying them as reasonable leaders able to work with political foes on major issues such as responding to a crisis like last year 's storm . Other events on the president 's agenda included two Chicago fundraisers and remarks at an Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Celebration at the White House , all following last week 's major speech on security issues including U.S. drone policy and closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility that houses terror suspects . Despite the White House efforts to shift the focus from the Washington controversies , Wednesday 's briefing with reporters by chief spokesman Jay Carney showed the difficulty . While the first questions were about other matters -- a reported drone strike , the Syrian civil war and cyber-security issues with China -- CNN 's Jim Acosta then asked about GOP accusations that Holder may have lied to Congress about the secret subpoenas and search warrants obtained by the Justice Department in recent years for information from journalists involved in reporting classified information . Reporters from NBC , CBS and Fox quickly followed up on the same topic , forcing Carney to defend Holder and reiterate Obama 's confidence in him . On Thursday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters aboard Air Force One from Chicago that Obama would later attend his annual hurricane season briefing . He then faced more questions about Holder , with Earnest expressing Obama 's confidence that the controversies would not affect the attorney general 's ability to do his job . GOP singles out Holder Republicans have taken particular aim at Holder , an old nemesis from his days in the Clinton administration who has been a political lightning rod in the Obama administration . He was cited for contempt of Congress by House Republicans last year in a dispute over documents related to the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun-walking operation . Holder rejected the vote boycotted by most House Democrats as political theater . Critics now seek to link him to two cases stemming from Justice Department investigations of classified leaks -- one involving secret subpoenas last year of phone records of Associated Press journalists , and the other about subpoenas and search warrants obtained in secret three years ago for phone records , e-mails and security badge details of Fox correspondent James Rosen . Some Republicans attempt to group the classified leaks cases with the other controversies -- IRS targeting of conservative groups and erroneous talking points from the administration four days after the terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya , last September that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans . "  I think it is time for Mr. Holder to step aside , " Republican Rep. Ron DeSantis of Florida told Fox News on Wednesday . "  We need a new attorney general , especially with all of these matters that are now going to need investigation from the IRS to the DOJ treatment of reporters . I just do n't think he is in a position where he can do that in a way that the American people expect . " Obama and Democrats joined Republicans in condemning the IRS targeting , which is under investigation by congressional committees as well as Holder 's Department of Justice . The classified leaks investigations also raised concern among Democrats including Obama , who ordered Holder to conduct a review of how the government investigates such cases . However , Democratic strategist Stephanie Cutter , a CNN political contributor , described Republican calls for Holder to resign as overkill , noting that GOP legislators had demanded an investigation into classified leaks in the first place . "  I think that if the president took action every time a House Republican criticized a member of his Cabinet , we 'd have a pretty empty government , " Cutter said when asked if Holder was proving a liability to Obama . " ... For average Americans , they 're not really paying attention to this and they 're wondering , you know , why should n't the Department of Justice investigate , you know , intelligence leaks about some of our most pressing national security issues ? " Public responds to IRS A Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday appeared to back up some of Cutter 's assertion . According to the survey , 44 % of registered voters responded that the IRS probe of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status was the most important of the controversies facing the Obama administration , while 24 % said the handling of the Benghazi attack was the biggest concern . Only 15 % called the Justice Department 's seizure of journalists ' phone records as the most important . By contrast , 73 % of respondents said the economy was a higher priority than the three controversies , according to the survey . However , it also showed that more than three-quarters of respondents wanted a special prosecutor -- rather than Holder -- to investigate the IRS targeting . To liberal political analyst Earl Ofari Hutchinson , Republicans have attacked Holder as part of a broader strategy to tarnish the administration . "  Typing Holder as the font of secrecy , manipulation and wrongdoing in the Obama administration will be played and replayed in the run-up to the 2014 elections , " Hutchinson wrote Thursday on his website . "  The aim will be to paint Holder as an incompetent , conniving political hack who supposedly typifies the poor and untrustworthy judgment of Obama in picking his political appointees . " Conway , the GOP pollster , argued that the controversies all started with problematic acts by the administration . "  It 's an advantage to the party out of power if the party in power is seen to be obfuscating or hiding the truth , " she said , noting that "  these are not investigations that began in  Republican House Speaker  John Boehner 's office . " Jonathan Turley , a George Washington University constitutional lawyer , noted that most recent presidents faced accusations if not outright evidence of scandal in their second terms . In the Obama administration , Turley said , Holder serves the role of "  sin-eater , " or "  people that would take your sins away for a price . " "  Holder is the ultimate sin-eater in the beltway , " Turley argued on CNN . "  He protects the president and he has an important use in that sense . " CNN 's Ashley Killough and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : In midst of controversies , Obama pushes Congress on student loans Obama administration faces congressional probes of IRS , Benghazi , AP Republicans say the issues reflect government gone wild Democrats contend GOP foes politicize the process
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- It does n't take a social anthropologist to see that Italians truly love a lot about American culture . It is evident everywhere , from the popularity of Coca-Cola and Levi 's to the prevalence of American music and movies . But for all they like about American culture , it 's fair to say Italians are getting a little weary of the American attitude -- especially when it comes to justice . Italians point to a number of high-profile cases over the years in which they say American suspects have been accused of wrongdoing and criminal acts , but have been let off lightly . These cases leave Italians with the feeling that it 's possible for Americans to get away with murder . In 1998 , a U.S. Marine Corps jet on a low-level training flight sliced through steel wires supporting a cable car near the ski resort of Cavalese in the Italian Alps , sending a gondola plunging to the ground . All 20 people inside the gondola were killed . Italian prosecutors wanted the crew of the jet tried in Italy , but an Italian court ruled they should face court-martials in the U.S. , in accordance with NATO treaties . The aircraft 's pilot and navigator were found not guilty of involuntary manslaughter , even though the military admitted the plane had been flying lower and faster than authorized . The defense argued that the incident was a tragic accident caused partly by the fact that the plane 's altimeter was not working and the gondola cable that the plane hit was not on the map that he was given . When it emerged a video that captured the accident from inside the plane had been destroyed , they were dismissed from the Marine Corps . Italians were outraged , referring to the incident as the "  massacre of Cermis . " For years , many from the local resort area held anti-American protests on the anniversary of the accident . In another incident that raised tensions , Egyptian cleric Abu Omar was seized off the streets of Milan in 2003 , and smuggled to Egypt , where he says he was tortured and released four years later . Although Italy did not request the extradition of any of the suspects , 22 CIA agents were convicted in absentia of the kidnapping and sentenced to prison time for their role in the abduction , but none ever served time in Italy . They were also ordered to pay $ 1.5 million to Omar 's family , who have received nothing so far . Italians were outraged that Americans could conduct military-style operations on Italian soil , especially involving kidnapping and torture , and go unpunished . Other cases involving the two nations have been equally controversial . In 2009 , American troops opened fire at a Baghdad airport checkpoint , killing Italian secret service agent Nicola Calipari and wounding a just-freed Italian hostage , journalist Giuliana Sgrena , whom Calipari was trying to spirit out of the country . An Italian judge acquitted a U.S. soldier accused of killing Calipari , saying Italy had no jurisdiction in the case , and Italy did not request extradition . But the case is still a sensitive topic in Italy , where Calipari is considered to be a national hero killed by trigger-happy Americans . The trial of Seattle student Amanda Knox , accused of killing her British roommate Meredith Kercher in November 2007 when the two shared a house in Perugia , Italy , is also controversial . Timeline : Kercher murder case Knox and her erstwhile lover Raffaele Sollecito were famously convicted of Kercher 's murder and sentenced to 26 and 25 years respectively in 2009 . That conviction was sensationally overturned in 2011 and Knox went back to Seattle . The acquittal was then overturned by Italy 's high court in March 2013 , meaning Knox currently stands convicted of Kercher 's murder and her appeal will likely be heard early next year . Suspects are not required to attend court hearings in Italy , so Knox does not need to return to stand trial , at least in the short term . But if her original conviction is upheld on appeal and confirmed by Italy 's high court , she would almost certainly face extradition orders to return to Italy to serve time for Kercher 's murder . It could be years before a final decision is reached in the Knox case , and undoubtedly Knox 's legal team would fight extradition on every level if her conviction is upheld . In the meantime , Italians assume Knox will never set foot in Italy again , whether she is ultimately found responsible of Kercher 's murder or not . "  She will never come back here , whether she should legally or not , " the Kercher family lawyer Francesco Maresca told CNN . "  There are too many case precedents that clearly show America does not easily surrender its criminals . " READ MORE : Amanda Knox : I wanted to come back from Italy stronger and surer of myself READ MORE : What Amanda Knox can and ca n't tell us READ MORE : Amanda Knox : I wanted to come back from Italy stronger and surer of myself	A number of American suspects in high-profile cases have not been brought to justice , say Italians In 1998 , 20 people were killed when a U.S. Marine Corps jet sliced through steel wires supporting a cable car in the Italian Alps In 2009 , American troops opened fire at a Baghdad checkpoint , killing Italian secret service agent Nicola Calipari The trial of Seattle student Amanda Knox , accused of killing her British roommate Meredith Kercher is also controversial
CNN  -- As tensions escalate on the eastern border of Ukraine , President Barack Obama has called on Russian President Vladimir Putin and his government "  to cease all efforts to undermine and destabilize " the sovereign nation after the movement of Russian troops into Ukraine and its annexing of Crimea . Meanwhile , our European allies continue round-the-clock conversations as the political leadership in Kiev is seemingly helpless to stave off the next potential military land grab . This is the backdrop to a legislative endeavor in Kiev that , although widely unreported in the West , will fundamentally reshape the world community 's dialogue on the Ukrainian crisis . Two of Ukraine 's leading political parties , "  Fatherland " and "  Strike , " have jointly introduced a bill in Parliament that calls for the rejection of the country 's 1994 accession to the 1968 Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty . Russia 's disregard of international law , its apparent successful theft of Crimea and Ukraine 's desperate attempt at self-preservation may result in the end of one of the last century 's most important diplomatic milestones , the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , and with it , the efforts of a generation to walk back the spread of nuclear weapons . Infographic : A divided Ukraine A new global nuclear arms race may soon begin , and the world will have Putin to thank . In 1994 , Ukraine , the Russian Federation , the United States and the United Kingdom entered into an agreement to remove former Soviet nuclear weapons from Ukraine , later known as the Budapest Memorandum . Ukraine agreed to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty . In the history of nuclear weapons , only four states have ever walked away from nuclear capabilities : three post-Soviet states  Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan  and South Africa , which had covertly developed a nuclear weapons arsenal . Ukraine 's actions were not without significant commitments , however , by the other signatories . Russia , the U.S. and the UK pledged in part "  to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of Ukraine " and "  reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Ukraine . " Today , Russia 's policies and actions toward Ukraine 's Crimea region demonstrate complete disregard for this critically important memorandum and international law . As a response , some within the Ukrainian government are looking beyond an immediate call for Western help to a more proactive means of guaranteeing their national security , i.e. regaining nuclear weapons status . Opinion : Goodbye , good luck to Ukraine ? The recently introduced legislation is the latest expression of the growing sentiment that a nuclear Ukraine is a protected Ukraine . Mustafa Dzhemilev , a member of the Ukrainian Parliament since 1998 , recently said he had spoken directly with Putin and told him that because of Russia 's breaking of the Budapest Memorandum , "  such arrangements will not be trusted by anyone anymore , and that each country that has financial capacity to acquire its own nuclear weapons will be aspired to go down that path , and Ukraine is no exception . " In addition , former Minister of Foreign Affairs Vladimir Ogryzko recently said , "  Ukraine needs to announce that it is walking away from the NPT and immediately restart the full nuclear cycle and manufacturing of all the components of the weapons . " Ironically , the notion of reacquiring nuclear weapons as a security guarantee is a position publicly advocated by Putin himself : "  If you can not count on international law , then you must find other ways to ensure your security . ... This is logical : If you have the bomb , no one will touch you . " These words were written by Putin to the American people in the context of U.S. policy toward Syria in a New York Times opinion piece from September 11 . Opinion : U.S. giving Putin green light in Ukraine ? Today , less than six months later , Putin 's decision to disregard a critical agreement in violation of international law -- and in disregard of his own logic -- has set in motion a discussion that could have dire security implications on the Korean peninsula , in Tehran , in South Asia and anywhere nations are weighing the nuclear option for their security posture . The actions of Russia and Ukraine over the next few weeks have the potential to alter the global nuclear weapons dynamic in a profound and extremely dangerous way . One probable and immediate consequence of a Ukrainian choice to "  go nuclear " would be that Belarus , a Ukrainian neighbor and close Kremlin ally , would also choose to return to its pre-treaty nuclear weapons status through the development of indigenous weapons or , even more likely , invite the placement of Russian nuclear weapons within its borders . Given Belarus ' borders with EU member states Poland , Lithuania and Latvia , this would probably lead to EU and NATO reactions and a reversal of European nuclear stability trends not seen since the Non-Proliferation Treaty entered into force in March 1970 . Putin has sent a clear message to the more than 25 non-nuclear states possessing the technical capabilities to join the nuclear weapons club that the stick of nuclear arms and not the carrot of international law is what guarantees national security . In the New York Times , he wrote , "  Preserving law and order in today 's complex and turbulent world is one of the few ways to keep international relations from sliding into chaos . The law is still the law , and we must follow it whether we like it or not . " It should be the hope of every nation that the crisis in Ukraine is quickly and peacefully resolved and that Putin takes his own words to heart , reversing a course that leads to a world where the phrase "  nuclear arms race " is not relegated only to the past .	Three scholars fear that Russian actions in Ukraine may force new nuclear dynamic A new global arms race may begin , and world will have Putin to thank , they argue Authors : Disregard of law may end one of last century 's most important diplomatic agreements
CNN  -- "  Do you want to hit this ? " a man asked President Barack Obama in a bar in Denver Tuesday night . The president laughed but did n't indulge . It was n't the only time Obama was offered weed on his night out . That 's apparently what happens in Colorado , which recently legalized recreational marijuana . The man posted the exchange on Instagram for the world to see . Obama has admitted to smoking pot as a young man . He was an active member of the "  Choom Gang " in high school , which perfected all sorts of techniques for getting high . The President has since spoken about those times in more serious settings , saying as recently as this year that he made "  bad choices " without considering "  the harm it could do . " Earlier in the evening , the presidential motorcade passed a bearded man holding a sign : "  Free weed 4 Obama . " A sign outside a marijuana dispensary offered the same thing . The motorcade did n't stop . And Obama waving off the offers did n't seem to ruin the fun . His boys ' night out with Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper at the bar the governor used to own consisted of , well , things that take place in bars . "  Did you see how many balls he still has on the table ? " the President joked after a game of pool . Hickenlooper had five , while the President sunk the 8-ball . A patron offered to buy the President a beer . "  It 's too late , man . I just got one , " Obama said . While Obama the bear was loose , the entire night was not all jovial . A woman stopped the President , telling him that her brother died in Afghanistan four years ago . Obama gave Kalynne May Arrick , from Tyler , Texas , a challenge coin usually reserved for veterans , who collect them . Her brother , Marine Sgt. Kenneth May , was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 . "  I 'm so sorry , " he told Arrick , hugging her . Presidential meet-and-greets rarely veer so far off script . By the time Obama sat down at a pizza joint with people who had written him letters , the President had loosened his blue tie and rolled up his sleeves . A teacher , a couple who own a small business , a college student , and a furniture store worker sat Obama down at the head of a table crowded with plates and pizza trays . "  Where do you all want me ? " asked the President . "  Right at the head of the table . " "  Oh my goodness , that 's so formal . " Later , he walked down the streets of downtown Denver , giving fist bumps , shaking hands and slapping high fives . He refused a selfie and resisted holding a cute baby . But he did find himself shaking hands with a man in a horse mask . "  One onlooker wore a large horse head , " the pool report on the visit said , "  but it 's unclear what message he hoped to convey . " Obama also stopped to talk with a father and son . The boy said he was a skateboarder . "  I see you got a little scab here , " the President told him . "  You got scuffed up a little bit . That 's alright . If you 're 10 and you do n't have a scab you 're not having fun . " The President ended the night with a picture and a fist bump with a gorilla statue and was back at his hotel by 9 p.m. Tuesday was just the first night of a three-day road trip . Obama is holding a fundraiser for Sen. Mark Udall Wednesday and will give a speech focused on the economy to promote his policies to help workers . Then he 'll head to Texas , which has been the center of a political sparring match between he and Gov. Rick Perry over the deluge of immigrant children crossing the border . What can the Lone Star State possibly do to top one night in Denver ? Immigration reform probably is n't going to do it . Opinion : Obama has n't hit rock bottom yet	The President gets multiple offers of free pot There 's brew and billiards with the Colorado governor He gets to fist bump with a gorilla And there 's a guy wearing a horse head mask
CNN  -- Could England be the team which comes from nowhere to win the European Championship finals in 2016 ? No , probably not . But this 2-0 win over Switzerland should not be scoffed at , especially by those who would have considered England escaping unscathed with a giant bar of Toblerone as an achievement in itself . Chocolate aside , this result will be far more palatable for those who have endured a difficult time following Roy Hodgson 's side . England has not had much to smile about in recent months but perhaps it will allow itself time to enjoy a rare moment of success . The World Cup was an unmitigated disaster as England failed to qualify from the group stage for the first time since 1950 . Beaten by Italy and Uruguay , it returned home following a goalless draw with Costa Rica and faced a barrage of criticism . As is always the case with England , a period of national introspection followed where every single facet of the game was questioned from the grassroots coaching to the number of English players being able to ply their trade in the Premier League . For Hodgson , the man charged with transforming England 's fortunes , this success will at least give him some breathing space . Danny Welbeck , who recently signed for Arsenal after completing a move from Manchester United , scored both goals as England produced an encouraging performance . Hodgson , who has been under pressure ever since the World Cup failure , even managed a smile -- no mean feat given the level of criticism he has endured in recent weeks . "  I thought the way we approached the game from the first minute was exactly what we wanted and we got our reward , " Hodgson told ITV . "  We pressurized the ball well , but you need that first goal to get people to come out and attack you . "  From then I thought we looked dangerous and we had several chances to aggravate the scoreline before Danny Welbeck 's second . "  I think we can improve on how we see out the game , but you have to expect that some players will show a little naivety in that area . " Both goals came as a result of counter attacks with Welbeck finishing off Raheem Sterling 's cross on 58 minutes after England had caught Switzerland short in defense . The second owed much to Welbeck 's pace and power as he held off his opponent before firing the ball into the corner . Wayne Rooney , the new England captain , said the pace of England 's front three was key to his side 's success . "  We defended well as a team and took our chances , catching them on the break with the speed we had been hoping to show , " Rooney told ITV . "  I think we knew the game against Norway was going to be difficult , but tonight was always going to be more important and we were focusing on that . We have worked on springing from defense to attack which you saw tonight . It was a happy performance from us . " After making the Swiss roll , England face San Marino and Estonia in its next round of qualifiers in October . Spain success Elsewhere , Spain began the defense of its European title with a 5-1 home victory over Macedonia in Valencia . Sergio Ramos opened the scoring from the penalty spot before further goals from Paco Alcacer , Sergio Busquets , David Silva and Pedro sealed the win . "  This team has a lot of quality and excellent players and it was just a matter of time before we scored , " Valencia 's Alcacer told TVE . "  I am very pleased with the match , above all for my competitive debut here at home in Valencia , and the goal and victory . " In Kiev , Ukraine suffered a 1-0 home defeat by Slovakia in with Robert Mak scoring the only goal of the game for the visitors . In Group G , Russia benefited from two own goals as it overcame Liechtenstein 4-0 in Khimki .	England edges past Switzerland in European Championship qualifier Spain thrashes Macedonia in opening game Ukraine beaten at home by Slovakia
CNN  -- A U.N. peacekeeper was killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in recent fighting , according to a statement release Sunday from the spokesperson for the Secretary-General . The Tanzanian peacekeeper was part the U.N. Organization Stabilization Mission in the unstable eastern part of the vast nation in Central Africa . The mission was joining the Congolese military in an effort to protect civilians about 25 kilometers  15 miles  north of Goma , the largest city in the region , the statement said . The mission said Friday it was on "  high alert " and monitoring the clashes between Congolese forces and M23 rebels . The U.N . mission stated that about 5,000 civilians from the town of Kibumba crossed the border into Rwanda on Friday . In the past year , clashes continued throughout the country 's eastern region with rebels temporarily occupying Goma in November , according to the U.N. . The organization said in the statement Sunday that it will remain committed to "  taking all necessary actions in line with Security Council resolution 2098  2013  to protect civilians " in the region . The eastern part of the DRC is a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of a bloody political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The M23 group was named for a peace deal reached on March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating .	A Tanzanian was killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo A U.N. mission is joining the Congolese army in fighting M23 rebels The eastern region of the vast country has been a bloody battleground for years
CNN  -- When author and psychotherapist Bryan Robinson used to make his annual trek to the South Carolina shore with his family and friends , he 'd be sure to pack more than sunscreen and swim trunks . "  I used to always take work , " says Robinson , author of "  Chained to the Desk : A Guidebook for Workaholics , Their Partners and Children and the Clinicians Who Treat Them . " Robinson recalls his partner would search their luggage for telltale signs that he was smuggling work along on their vacation . But Robinson was careful to conceal tightly folded papers containing work notes in the pockets of his jeans , where they remained hidden . Quiz : Are you a workaholic ? At the beach , when family and friends suggested a walk on the sand or a swim , Robinson would feign exhaustion and pretend to lie down for a nap . "  I would work furiously while they were gone and then pretend to sleep  when they returned  , " he says . Why is America the ` no-vacation nation ' ? Robinson says there 's a distinct difference between a hard worker and a workaholic . A workaholic may seem happy on the outside , but underneath they 're driven by anxiety and fear . "  The workaholic is on the ski slopes screaming about how he needs to get back to work , while the healthy worker is at work dreaming of being out on the ski slopes , " he says . Robinson 's vacation subterfuge is common behavior for true workaholics . "  It seemed perfectly normal and essential , " he says of his inability to leave work unattended while on vacation . "  That 's the desperation : You feel like you can never catch up . One of the things that you know is that work is a distraction , it gives you a sense of calm , helps you stay focused , but as soon as you finish a project , there 's that sense of getting out of control . " For Robinson , a vacation away from work made him feel powerless and overwhelmed . And some studies suggest many Americans may feel similarly tethered to their cubicles . According to a 2009 Vacation Deprivation Survey by expedia.com , 34 % of employed Americans do n't use all of their annual vacation days , and 19 % reported they postponed or canceled vacation for work-related reasons . A recent survey by Reuters/Ipsos found that 57 % of U.S. workers use all the vacation days they 're entitled to . For those of us who do break free from the confines of their cubicles long enough to dip their toes in warm waters or relax away from the office , many ca n't seem to leave work behind . Expedia.com reports that 30 % of vacationing workers feel work-related stress while on vacation . "  Companies should be very wary of the collateral damage that workaholics can inflict on their co-workers , " says Craig Chappelow , a senior faculty member at the Center for Creative Leadership , a nonprofit institution that specializes in leadership education and research . Chappelow says work-addicted employees can create wear and tear with their hard-driven attitudes and expectations . It 's a behavior that companies must address before the workaholic burns out himself or creates too much friction with other employees . "  It 's hard because  workaholic tendencies  are rewarded in lower to mid-management levels , but at the executive level , that same work ethic becomes a disadvantage , " says Chappelow , who explains that workaholics tend to get away with their over-the-top behaviors as long as the people they affect directly work below them . At the executive level , workaholics find themselves in tough company . Now , their obsessive behaviors may affect peers who do n't like being bullied . Companies that want to create a better life/work balance should employ executives who model the behavior they 'd like to see in their middle and lower management workers , Chappelow says . "  I do n't care much about written policies , " says Chappelow . "  Effective leaders  take all their vacation time , and when they 're on vacation they cut the cord . " Senior managers should be wary of handing out promotions , bonuses and verbal praise to work addicted employees unless their goal is to foster an office environment wrought with fear and frustration . "  I 've had patients who are afraid to take their lunch break -- let alone a vacation -- for fear that someone is angling for their jobs , " says Robinson . "  They fear that they wo n't be seen as team players . " Robinson , who sought help for his work addiction after almost losing his family and friends , now counsels people who battle work addiction . He says some of his clients say it 's not worth taking vacation because the act of preparing to leave is overwhelming . Others say they feel shadowed by their work as ubiquitous technology like e-mail , instant messaging , texting and Wi-Fi keeps the job just a few clicks away . Robinson says workaholics who seek treatment are challenged to set boundaries in their lives that allow them to slowly reclaim a balanced life . In the end , workaholics often confront major crisis in their lives -- either mental or physical -- before they seek help for their addiction . For Drew  last name withheld to protect identity  , an entrepreneur who had been working an intense cycle of 20-hour days for nearly eight months , a mental breakdown was the wake-up call he needed to seek help . "  My behavior was outrageous , but I just could n't see it , " he recalls . "  Workaholics see themselves as indispensable and sometimes that 's true . " "  Many do rise in the corporate culture , but you have to choose if you want to live or if you want to work , " he added . Drew sought treatment for his addiction and found help in Workaholics Anonymous , a 12-step program that has between 5,000 and 6,000 members nationwide . "  I started using the 12 steps and bringing more balance to my life , " says Drew . "  I started looking inside and found that I was the problem . Self-honesty helps me make much better choices , " he says .	Workaholics are driven by anxiety and fear Survey : 34 % of employed Americans do n't use all their annual vacation days 30 % of vacationing workers also feel work-related stress while on vacation Those who seek treatment set boundaries that allow them to reclaim a balanced life
Washington  CNN  -- The former head of U.S. counterterror operations said Tuesday the "  imminent threat " posed by an al Qaeda offshoot in Syria has n't lessened after a U.S. air campaign there . Speaking to CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Matt Olsen said by his analysis the threat from the Khorasan group "  is still in the same place as it was before " President Barack Obama ordered airstrikes against the terror operation last month . "  This group was in a position to train without any sort of interference , they were able to recruit operatives , " said Olsen , who stepped down as director of the National Counterterrorism Center in September . "  We saw that they were looking to test explosives . So they were in the advanced stages of plotting . They had both intent and that capability that put them nearing an execution phase of an attack . " President Obama announced strikes against Khorasan in September at the same time he began the mission to "  degrade and destroy " the Islamic State terror group in Syria and Iraq . At the time , senior officials described the threat posed by Khorasan as "  imminent . " In the days after the strikes , the Pentagon said they believed the mission had "  degraded , damaged , destroyed some of their capabilities , " but did n't specify whether the threat was taken out altogether . No subsequent strikes against Khorasan have been announced by the U.S. military . Olsen said on Tuesday the types of individual who have joined Khorasan -- "  hardened , seasoned veterans " -- made it unlikely the threat had diminished . "  I think it 's unlikely that threat 's altogether been eliminated , " Olsen said , adding that some senior leaders with the group had been killed . What 's the difference between ISIS , al-Nusra and the Khorasan Group ? Before the strikes began in Syria , U.S. government officials had barely acknowledged the presence of Khorasan , which formed from former al Qaeda members . Sources have said the group has the same aim as ISIS : recruiting and training foreign fighters who could return home to stage attacks . While Olsen said foreign fighters present a broad risk to Americans ' security , the potential for so-called "  lone wolf " attacks by unaffiliated terrorists also worries officials . The propaganda circulated by ISIS online could allow Americans to be motivated by the group without ever leaving the country , he said . "  The other issue is somebody in the United States , who never leaves the United States , simply sits in their basement reading some of this hateful propaganda that ISIS puts out , " he said . "  The concern is that somebody just reads that and they have something in their own mind that makes them think that 's what they want to do . They would seek to carry out what we would think would be a relatively small scale attack , but a lethal attack nonetheless . " Olsen : U.S. lost track of terrorists after Snowden	Matt Olsen is the former director of the National Counterterrorism Center . His analysis finds the threat from the Khorasan group remains even after airstrikes .
CNN  -- Revolutions devour their young . That lesson became well-known after the French Revolution , and it has proven itself true many times since then . Now the Arab Spring -- whose very name summed up the idealistic , democratic expectations of the activists that launched it and the optimistic reception their movement engendered around the world -- looks like it may well join the long list of popular uprisings that failed disastrously to meet those aspirations . It has turned out that mass movements would not swiftly sweep away entrenched dictators and replace them with pluralistic democratic rule . In Tunisia , where a street vendor set himself on fire in December 2010 , igniting the region , someone has been assassinating liberal politicians , raising tensions between the Islamist-dominated government and an increasingly restless opposition . In Syria , what started as a peaceful uprising against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad has turned to civil war . More than 100,000 Syrians are dead . Millions more have fled , further destabilizing a fragile region . Al-Assad , with the support of Iran , Hezbollah and Russia , has stopped the opposition 's momentum . The democratic movement has been invaded by radical Islamists , including al Qaeda loyalists . The country is falling apart and could well end up as a failed state , run by warlords and split along sectarian lines . There are serious troubles also in Libya , and few if any signs of democratic progress anywhere else , not in Bahrain , Jordan or Saudi Arabia . Is the Arab Spring over ? Is there any hope for the people of the Arab Middle East to enjoy true democracy , equality , respect for human rights , freedom of the press and of religion ? All eyes are now on Egypt , the Arab world 's most important country , a state whose political example has proven a regional trendsetter over many decades . As in the other struggling Arab Spring nations , democracy here has also found toxic soil . But the cause is not hopeless . Despite the setbacks for revolution , something has changed in the region , and it is in Egypt where the movement will live or die . It was in Cairo 's Tahrir Square where liberal groups launched their movement for democracy , only to see their vision hijacked by the Muslim Brotherhood . And it is in Egypt where last month they made a push to save their revolution from Islamists , only to be outplayed yet again , this time by the military and its leader , Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi . The highly disciplined Brotherhood won the first wave of democratic elections , but its intentions differed sharply from those of the Tahrir protesters . President Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first freely elected president , set on a course to give his Muslim Brotherhood steadily expanding control of the country . The Brotherhood repeatedly broke promises and started to create a country dominated by its loyalists , firing critical newspaper editors , blocking opposing views from the writing of the new constitution , naming Brotherhood members as provincial governors , allowing laws and practices that were disastrous , even deadly , for Christians , Shiites and women . Making matters much worse , the economy started spiraling down , creating enormous hardships for the Egyptian people . Then the Tamarod  rebellion  movement gathered millions of signatures calling for the president 's resignation and new elections . On June 30 , millions of Egyptians took to the streets . Within hours , the military put an end to the Muslim Brotherhood rule . Morsy has been held in an disclosed location since then , but the European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , met with him for two hours Monday . Egyptians by the millions are exhilarated by the end of the Muslim Brotherhood experiment , intoxicated with gratitude to the military , grateful for removing the president . Al-Sisi 's profile is rising . He 's clearly in command and exploiting the popular adulation . But is this what the Arab Spring was supposed to do , replace an unelected dictator with a general and his hand-picked prime minister ? In a highly suspicious move , al-Sisi called for a mass demonstration in support of the military on Friday , summoning his backers to the streets , even as thousands of Morsy supporters continued a sit-in outside a mosque . On the day of the protest , as if to provoke the Islamists to confrontation , Morsy was charged with murder and espionage . With the strong show of popular support , security forces took on the Islamists . In the clashes , which have been replicated in other cities , scores of Brotherhood supporters have been killed . Liberal Egyptians are getting worried . Al-Sisi 's own words should be cause for concern . He has defended the military 's outrageous "  virginity tests " on female activists as a way to "  protect the girls from rape . " The military has promised a return to democracy next year , but al-Sisi has written about the need to introduce another version of Islamist rule to Egypt . Authorities are reviving Mubarak-era institutions of repression amid an atmosphere of swelling nationalism and adulation for the military . This is a steep , seemingly impossible , challenge for liberals . The military saved them , but it could easily bury them . What they have in their favor is that the Arab Spring introduced the concept of democratic legitimacy into Egypt . A government that strays too visibly , for too long , will ultimately face the wrath of the people . What activists should do , and the world should help them do , is stress the fundamental values of liberal democracy and publicly demand that the military affirm its own acceptance of those values -- which the Brotherhood was criticized for violating -- including freedom of thought , freedom of the press and equal rights under the law for all . The killing of Muslim Brotherhood supporters is a shameful violation of those principles . Egypt needs to develop democratic institutions , political tolerance , real political parties and politically educated citizens . It 's a tall order . But it 's the only way to keep the revolution from devouring the ideals on which it was launched . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	It 's long been known that revolutions devour their young , Frida Ghitis says The hope of the Arab Spring has dimmed with Egypt , Tunisia , Syria upheaval , she says Ghitis : Liberals in Egypt benefited from the military 's move but may suffer as well She says they must stand up for liberal , democratic values
CNN  -- A dramatic second half fightback from Italian side Udinese stunned English Premier League club Liverpool in the Europa League and inflicted their third straight defeat at Anfield . Brendan Rodgers ' side had started brightly , taking the lead through Jonjo Shelvey 's first half header , but Udinese roared out of the blocks in the second half . Veteran striker Antonio Di Natale equalized just after the interval and an own goal from Uruguayan defender Sebasti  n Coates handed Udinese a 2-1 lead on 69 minutes . Giovanni Pasquale quickly made it 3-1 and though Luis Suarez pulled a goal back with a spectacular free kick Liverpool could n't find a leveler . It increased the pressure on Rodgers , with Liverpool languishing in 14th place in the Premier League with just one win from six games . "  I thought the team worked very well but we ca n't have to score three , four or five goals to win games . That is the area we have to work on . We concede goals too easily , " Rodgers told ITV . The other game in Group A saw Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o score twice , as Anzhi Makhachkala beat Young Boys , of Switzerland , 2-0 in Russia . Fellow Premier League side Newcastle fared better than Liverpool , easing past French outfit Bordeaux who came into the game on the back of a 17-match unbeaten run . Shola Ameobi put them in front with a tap in before an own goal from Henrique doubled their lead . Senegal striker Papiss Cisse made it 3-0 in the second half , and Newcastle now top Group D. Newcastle manager Alan Pardew told ESPN : "  What pleased me most was that we played with verve and energy again , we looked more like ourselves from last year , and that is a good side trust me . " Club Brugge -- Newcastle 's next opponents -- beat Portuguese side Maritimo 2-0 in Belgium . The third English club in the Europa League , Tottenham , had to make do with a 1-1 draw in Greece with Panathinaikos in Group J as Jose Toche canceled out Michael Dawson 's opener . The group 's other game saw Italian side Lazio edge past Slovenians NK Maribor thanks to an Ederson goal . Inter Milan cruised to their second successive victory of the competition with a 3-1 win away at Neftchi of Azerbaijan thanks to goals from Phillippe Coutinho , Chukwuma Joel Obi and Marko Livaja . In the other Group H game , Russian side Rubin Kazan beat Partizan Belgrade 2-0 . Holders Atletico Madrid edged past Czech team Viktoria Plzen but had to rely on an injury time goal from Cristian Rodriguez in their Group B clash while in the other game Salim Cisse 's goal handed Acad  mica de Coimbra a win over Hapoel Tel-Aviv . Two goals from Baroni Cristian helped Turkish outfit Fenerbahce win 4-2 at Borussia Monchengladbach in Group C . A brace from Loic Remy heped French club Marseille to a 5-1 win over Cypriots AEL . In Group E Norwegian side Molde beat Stuttgart , of Germany , 2-0 while in Romania Steaua Bucharest defeated FC Copenhagen of Denmark 1-0 . Ukrainians Dnipro recorded a 3-2 victory at AIK Athens in Greece . The other Group F clash saw PSV Eindhoven thrash Italian side Napoli 3-0 in Holland . In Group G , Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon were humbled in Hungary , losing 3-0 to minnows Videoton FC Fehervar . FC Basel battled back from 2-0 down at home to Belgium 's Racing Genk -- Marco Streller 's double rescuing a point in Switzerland . There were goals galore in Group I as French outfit Lyon beat Hapoel Kiryat Shmona 4-3 in Israel , Gueida Fofana netting twice , while Sparta Prague defeated Spain 's Atheltic Bilbao 3-1 in the Czech Republic . In Group K , Ukrainians Metalist Kharkiv beat Rapid Vienna of Austria 2-0 , and Bayer Leverkusen beat Rosenborg 1-0 in Norway thanks to a goal from Stefan Kiessling . In Group L Hannover beat Levante 2-1 despite having a man less than the Spanish side for more than 80 minutes . Two goals from Nikola Djurdjic put Swedish side Helsingborg into the lead against Twente , but the Dutch outfit hit back to claim a 2-2 draw .	Italian side Udinese stun English Premier League club Liverpool 3-2 at Anfield Goals from Antonio Di Natale and Giovanni Pasquale help Italians to victory Newcastle beat Bordeaux , while Tottenham are held at Panathinaikos Inter Milan defeat Neftchi , and holders Atletico Madrid win 1-0 against Viktoria Plzen
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- The commander of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia 's Force 47 told reporters in Bogota Monday -- a day after surrendering -- that "  the solution is not through war . There must be dialogue . " Nelly Avila Moreno , center , alias Karina , is escorted by soldiers after surrendering . Nelly Avila Moreno , 45 , whose nom de guerre was Karina , said she and her longtime male companion made the decision jointly to abandon the FARC group , based in the jungle , at 5 a.m. Sunday . She said pressure from Colombian soldiers had been key to their decision , and she called on her fellow rebels to follow her example . "  I invite them to change the sensibility that is among the guerrillas , " she said , seated by her companion , who said nothing during the news conference . She also had a message for the Colombian people : "  It is important to do something for peace in Colombia , and that need to do something is precisely one of my motivations . " After 24 years with the FARC , Karina said she wants to reintegrate with society . "  At this moment , what I am thinking about is reuniting with my family and with all of society , " she said . Karina said she had had no contact with the group 's leaders for the past two years . During that time , she said , "  I was trying to stay alive . " She said she knows nothing about the group 's leaders , because "  everything in the FARC is very compartmentalized . " Still , she did hear through the news media about the killing by another member of FARC of Ivan Rios , a member of the group 's central high command . "  We suffered a very strong blow , " she said . She acknowledged that news led her to worry about the possibility that one of her fellow guerrillas might consider doing the same thing to her . "  A person has a lot of combatants alongside , but you do n't know what each one is thinking , " she said . Asked about news reports of guerrilla operations she may have participated in , Karina admitted to nothing . "  They accuse me of a lot of things I was n't part of , " she said . But Miguel Antonio Paez told CNN en Espanol that he remembers well the woman who , with a band of guerrillas , stopped the bus he was on in 2004 in northwest Colombia , ordered him and the other passengers off and the bus be burned . "  The commander of that guerrilla group -- a dark-haired woman , tall , with one eye missing -- called herself Karina , " he said . "  She ordered me tied up . Here , I have the marks from the wires , and there , while I was tied up , she lopped off my penis and testicles and I remained castrated for all my life . " Asked specifically about the killing of the father of President Alvaro Uribe in 1983 , she said she did not know who carried out the act , and added , "  I do n't have my hands stained in that deed . " She said that with her surrender have come new fears about possible retribution from FARC loyalists , who consider her a traitor . Wearing a red sweatshirt and what appeared to be a diamond earring in her left ear , she said she once believed the FARC would rule Colombia . "  I once dreamed of that , " she said . Gen. Mario Montoya , chief of the army , said two Colombian air force helicopters were sent Sunday to pick up Karina and her companion , who had given authorities their general location . "  With this , we have given a confounding strike to the FARC structure , " particularly to Front 47 , which at this point is practically dismantled , " he said . Since the killing of Rios , 45 members of the group have laid down their arms and accepted a government plan for reinstallation into society , he said . "  We want to send a message to all members of FARC who persist in the mountains , " he said . "  To tell them , what Karina has done is the road all the members of FARC should go down . If they do n't , we are going to continue combating them . Today , more than ever , I invite them to lay down their arms , take the plan . We do n't want them dead . We want them alive . "	Rebel "  Karina " and her male companion surrender Karina was a commander of Colombian rebels She says , "  The solution is not through war . There must be dialogue " She says she fears possible retribution from FARC loyalists
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Charlie Sheen was "  very , very intoxicated , also apparently in a lot of pain " last Thursday morning , according to a 911 call from a doctor who had just talked to the actor . "  Kind of weird , the phone call I received , " Dr. Paul Nassif told the Los Angeles Fire Department dispatcher in the recorded call , which was released by the fire department Wednesday . Porn actress Kacey Jordan has told media outlets that a two-day party preceded Sheen 's collapse . Paramedics went to Sheen 's Los Angeles home and then took him by ambulance to a hospital , where he spent several hours . Sheen 's representative later blamed a hernia for Sheen 's pain and ambulance ride to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center . He did not respond to a CNN request for comment on the 911 call Wednesday . Sheen 's manager has said the actor is undergoing rehab at home , not in a residential facility . His hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " has suspended production , with the network ordering additional episodes of "  Rules of Engagement " to fill the gap in their Monday night schedule . "  I have a lot of work to do to be able to return the support I have received from so many people , " Sheen said in a statement released Wednesday . It did not directly address the incident . "  Like Errol Flynn , who had to put down his sword on occasion , I just want to say , ` thank you , ' " Sheen said . Dr. Paul Nassif , in an interview Tuesday by HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight , " said he could n't tell if Sheen , who is his friend , was drunk . What he told the emergency dispatcher last week was different . "  I got him on the phone and he was very , very intoxicated , also apparently in a lot of pain , " Nassif said on the 911 call . He told the dispatcher that Sheen was saying , "  Do n't call 911 . " Nassif is a facial plastic surgeon and is not Sheen 's medical doctor , Nassif told HLN . Sheen and now ex-wife Brooke Mueller were married in Nassif 's Beverly Hills home , Nassif said . Nassif 's wife , Adrienne Maloof-Nassif , appears on "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills . " "  They wanted to get married , and a mutual friend introduced all of us , and they said , ` Let 's get married , can we get married at your house ? ' and that 's how we met and soon after that we became very good friends , " Nassif said . Nassif drove Sheen home from the hospital , but he declined to provide details of their conversation . "  There were things he said I do n't feel comfortable " disclosing , Nassif said . At another point in the interview , Nassif added : "  Obviously we all want Charlie to keep his sobriety . No one can push him into it . "	NEW : Sheen says he has "  a lot of work to do to be able to return the support " Dr. Paul Nassif called 911 after a "  kind of weird " call from Sheen 's home The L.A. Fire Department released the 911 recording Wednesday Sheen is undergoing rehab treatment at home , his representative says
CNN  -- The critics are raving about Steven Spielberg 's new film "  Lincoln . " A.O. Scott of the New York Times called it "  among the finest films ever made about American politics . " Viewers get a taste of the legislative process up close by watching how President Abraham Lincoln rounded up the necessary votes in get the 13th Amendment resolution through the House . Viewers see a master at work -- a president who knew how to break through the various divisions in Congress and outflank his opponents . Review : ` Lincoln ' brilliantly dramatizes delicacy of politics Movies such as Spielberg 's often result in inflated expectations about what a president could achieve in the current political environment . The reality is that even the best presidents would have trouble rounding up votes in the contemporary Congress . As the nation continues to be obsessed with a sex scandal involving top military officials and as the lame-duck Congress figures out what to do about the fiscal cliff , Washington would do well to think seriously about how government reform might improve the basic machinery of the federal government so that elected officials are better able to handle the big issues of the day such as unemployment , immigration , climate change and more . Reform must start with reining in the power of money and organized interest groups . Campaign finance reform , once a promise of President Barack Obama in 2008 , has taken a back seat even though the president made some progress on reforming lobbying early in his term . Unless Congress does more to prevent the revolving door between Capitol Hill and K Street and limit the power of private money in campaigns , it will be difficult to change the status quo . With more than $ 6 billion spent on the recent election , elected officials will have to maneuver around donors who were essential to both sides of the campaign and who will be expecting access when the new year begins . Then there is the filibuster , which currently requires a supermajority on most pieces of legislation given that the congressional minority has been willing to use this mechanism with ruthless abandon . Since 2007 , according to the Senate Historical Office , there were more than 360 Republican filibusters . When Congress reconvenes in early 2013 , it will have one shot to change the rules so that the threshold for passing a filibuster is lowered . In January 2009 , lawmakers let the opportunity slip away . The chronic use of the filibuster threat has been one of the central culprits behind dysfunction as the congressional minority has immense power to block progress . But it 's not just Congress that has to step up its act . The White House , for example , needs to curtail one of the legacies of Lincoln that has often caused friction with Congress and circumvented the kind of the checks and balances we depend on : executive power . Throughout the 20th century , and especially in recent decades , presidents routinely employ executive power , such as signing statements , to circumvent the will of Congress . Obama , who started his term critical of how President George W. Bush had employed this authority , has started to replicate his predecessor . The president used executive power to conduct national security operations as well as to strengthen environmental regulations . "  I refuse to take ` no ' for an answer , " Obama said , "  When Congress refuses to act and -- as a result -- hurts our economy and puts people at risk , I have an obligation as president to do what I can without them . " The problem with executive power is that it results in policies that can easily be overturned and which rarely have bipartisan support . It also sets a precedent for the president to erode legislative power . Recently , in a wonderful play at my children 's school , the students put on a show about how a bill becomes a law . The play begins with protest that unfolds when a group of parents want to impose a candy tax on their children after they collect their Halloween treats . The president , moved by the protesters , sends this proposal to Congress . After a committee drafts the legislation , the House of Representatives passes the measure , as does the Senate . But soon after , the Supreme Court declares the bill to be unconstitutional . As my wife and I watched two of our children star in the play , we could not help but think about what the teachers decided to leave out of the script . What parts of our political process are sanitized when we translate them into a production for children ? There was no talk of lobbyists , filibusters and executive power . As the new Congress gets ready to reconvene in January , this is the time to consider reform . If we want to reach the high moments captured in Spielberg 's film about Lincoln , we need to make sure our political process , albeit difficult , works . Otherwise dysfunction will rule . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Steven Spielberg 's new film "  Lincoln " shows up close legislative process Julian Zelizer : Even the best presidents would have trouble with current Congress He says Congress must seriously push for reforms such as filibusters Zelizer : White House must change its ways as well , by curtailing executive power
CNN  -- "  Pulp Fiction . " "  Django Unchained . " "  Gangs of New York . " "  Kill Bill . " "  Inglourious Basterds . " All are celebrated , popular films containing what some saw as excessive , graphic violence that glorified as much as humanized the bloodshed . And all have uber-producer Harvey Weinstein to thank for bringing them to the big screen . No more . Weinstein told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Friday night that he ca n't in good good conscience advocate against on-screen violence while promoting movies that some claim revel in it . He promised to steer clear of such projects in the future . "  I ca n't do it , " Weinstein said . "  I ca n't make one movie and say this is what I want for my kids , and then just go out and be a hypocrite . " The co-founder -- with his brother Bob -- of Miramax Films and now the Weinstein Co. spoke days after announcing plans for a movie that will be critical of the National Rifle Association . He stressed Friday that "  the movie will be entertaining , " and not a documentary , characterizing it in the same vein as the classic "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington . " In this case , the Mr. Smith role -- of a U.S. senator who goes toe-to-toe with the NRA -- will be played by Oscar-winning actress Meryl Streep . "  I know the power of what a movie can do , " Weinstein said of his hopes for the project , "  because a movie can galvanize a country . " There 's been a sharp backlash to this initiative from conservative news outlets to rock star/gun rights advocate Ted Nugent , who has speculated that the movie will backfire and end up bolstering the NRA . But Weinstein -- a well-known Democratic party donor -- says he is n't backing down . He characterized the resistance to gun control in the United States as a byproduct of the big business of the gun industry . The producer said he felt compelled to do more , and change his tack , after the December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut -- some 20 minutes from where he and his children live -- left 20 young students and 6 others dead . Weinstein recalled calls to action to address gun violence in the wake of such mass shootings , only to have that momentum seemingly fade after a few days . He says he 'd been among those who spoke out for such measures , even as some of his movies had their share of blood and gore . That wo n't happen any longer , Weinstein said . While he has no problems with real-to-life films like "  Lone Survivor , " the current hit chronicling a team of Navy SEALs in Afghanistan , the producer vowed , "  I 'm not going to make some crazy action movie just to blow up people and exploit people . " "  I 've done a good job of feeling sympathetic for it over the years , but I 've done also a good job of ignoring it and saying that 's somebody else 's fight , " Weinstein said . He added , "  But It 's in my backyard now . And as much as I want to ignore it , as much as I want to go on with my regular life , I ca n't shake it this time . "	Harvey Weinstein says he wo n't back "  crazy action  movies  to blow up ... and exploit people " He says it 's hypocritical to push for gun control while producing some violent films "  Pulp Fiction , " "  Gangs of New York , " "  Django Unchained " were all produced by Weinstein Weinstein speaks days after announcing that he 's behind a movie critical of the NRA
A 5-year-old girl chats up classmates while waiting for the bus after school . The topic : Playing with a Hello Kitty "  bubble gun " that , with the flick of a finger , blows bubbles everywhere . "  I 'll shoot you , you shoot me , and we 'll all play together , " the kindergartner says . The next day , that remark -- which was made innocently , according to the lawyer for the girl 's family , who related the story -- landed the young central Pennsylvanian child in the principal 's office . Soon after , she was sent home after being issued a 10-day suspension for a "  terroristic threat , " as indicated on the suspension form signed by Mount Carmel Area Elementary School Principal Susan Nestico . That and other documents were provided to CNN by Robin Ficker , the lawyer representing the girl and her mother . Nestico did not respond to a request Monday from CNN for comment . The superintendent 's office for the Mount Carmel Area School District did issue a statement , stating that "  by law we can not officially comment on the specifics , " while expressing confidence that the story circulating in the media "  may not be consistent with the facts . " "  When given the opportunity in the appropriate forum , we look forward to presenting information that will portray our school district in a more positive light , " the school district said . Surprise ! Mom packed you a nice gun While the girl and her family have n't spoken on the record -- and asked not to be identified -- their attorney , Ficker , has . He said the child has been very upset since the incident , even after the school system shortened the suspension from 10 to two days . One piece of evidence he points to is a letter from a professional counselor , an appointment requested by the school , who talked to the suspended girl and her mother two days after the incident . In it , the therapist describes the child as an apparently "  typical 5-year-old by temperament and interests " with no history of mood swings , irritability , depression , attention deficit disorder , learning issues or other problems . Also , according to the counselor 's letter , the girl had "  no play guns or play knives , " either in the bus line or at home , where her mother prohibited them . "  It would appear that  the girl  does not have those risk factors identified for violent behavior , " the therapist wrote . "  It would also seem that  she  had no harmful or predatory intent in the comments she made to her friends about the bubble ` gun ' but did not recognize the heightened sensitivity and awareness of her friends and the response that may result from her comments . " The story began around 3:15 p.m. January 10 , outside the school in Mount Carmel , a community of fewer than 6,000 people about 60 miles between both Harrisburg and Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . That 's where the girl and her friends , whom she "  loves , " began talking about a "  princess " bubble blower and a Hello Kitty bubble gun . The reason , she told the counselor , was that one of her friends likes princess toys and the other likes Hello Kitty . During this conversation , the kindergartner admitted she talked about shooting the bubble gun . Then she went home happy , positive and outgoing , just as she 'd gone to school , her mother told the counselor . The next day , the girl was called in front of a teacher , according to Ficker . Then she sat down with a school administrator and , eventually , the principal . The subsequent suspension form , issued that day , lists another girl as a "  victim . " It does n't elaborate on what happened , but it does mandate a 10-day out-of-school suspension or a "  medical/psychological evaluation given  the  nature of  the  offense . " On January 12 , the suspended girl met with the counselor , both independently and with her mother The therapist wrote that he found no evidence or history of behavioral issues or poor parenting and determined "  it appears  the kindergartner  engages in positive peer relationships . " The counselor also noted that the child was aware of last month 's deadly shooting at a Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school that ended with 27 people -- including 20 children ages 6 and 7 -- dead . As to her own feelings about talking about shooting in her conversation with her classmates , the girl told the counselor , "  I did n't mean anything bad . " On January 14 , the Mount Carmel Area Elementary principal issued a second suspension letter , which superseded the previous one . Noting no criminal complaint was made "  due to  the  ages of the children , " she cut the suspension down to two days while changing the categorization of the incident from "  terroristic threat " to "  threat to harm others . " Now that the girl has returned to school , her family has two goals , according to Ficker : to get an apology and to get the suspension expunged from her record in part so she can transfer to another school . The school system has n't done so , though the lawyer said there is a meeting involving him , family members and school officials set up for January 30 on the matter .	A Pennsylvania school suspends a kindergarten girl for making a "  terroristic threat " Her lawyer says she playfully talked of "  shooting " a Hello Kitty bubble gun with friends The school later reduces the suspension , but still finds she made a "  threat to harm others " A counselor says the girl has no risk factors for violence and had no "  harmful ... intent "
CNN  -- A week into Facebook 's debut on the Nasdaq stock exchange , its initial offering price of $ 38 per share dropped to $ 31.91 . Retail investors ' fears deepened as they realize they are losing a lot of money . The Facebook IPO did not follow the usual script . Instead of launching the largest social media company in the world as a legitimate and valuable business , the IPO has laid bare all of the questions and doubts about its potential performance . So why did the Facebook IPO bomb as badly as it did ? In a lawsuit filed last week , some investors contend that Morgan Stanley , the lead underwriter of the IPO , withheld key information about a negative financial forecast from them while sharing it with their institutional clients . In this conspiratorial tale , the bad guys are the insiders at Facebook , the investment bankers and the favored institutional clients of these bankers . The bankers set the offering price at $ 38 , knowing that the stock was not worth that much , the insiders in the company unloaded their shares at the offering price and institutional investors stayed on the sidelines . Individual small investors who bought at the offering price suffered as the price collapsed . In other words , the suckers are the rest of the world . Opinion : Was Facebook IPO a bust ? But I do n't buy this story . First , unlike many others who have seen the crises of the last few years as evidence that bankers are evil , I see them more as inept . Facebook 's IPO is just proof that if you want something valued , you should not ask a bank to do it . None of the actors in this story can be happy with how Facebook 's IPO has unfolded in its first week . The investment banks look like bad "  deal makers , " which strikes at the heart of one of their few remaining revenue-generating skills . Any profits or commissions that Morgan Stanley booked on this IPO are overwhelmed by the reputation hit that it took and the consequences this will have on future deals . The Facebook insiders who remain have not only lost billions in value but have made it more difficult to unload their remaining shares down the road . And most of the shares at the offering price went to the institutional investors , who now face paper or real losses on those shares . Facebook IPO : Outraged investor cries grow louder So , what happened ? I think the investment bankers priced the offering based on how shares of Facebook were trading in the private market and their assessments of institutional demand . I do n't think that revenue growth , margins , risk or any other fundamentals played much of a role in the pricing . I do n't fault them for playing the momentum game , but they played it badly . By pushing up the offering price to its upper limit and by expanding the offering to allow more insiders to cash out , they broke the spell that momentum casts over investors . It would have happened eventually , but they did not anticipate how quickly the shift would occur . What are the lessons to take from this mess ? First , do n't assume that bankers , experts and analysts know what they are talking about . When they tout an investment , be especially skeptical if they have a stake in it . Reactions : Facebook IPO underwhelms Web , too Second , much as it soothes the ego to think that your portfolio setbacks are because of a conspiracy , where large institutional clients make a killing and the individual investors get the crumbs from the table , it is institutional clients who lose the most in bad deals because they have more to lose . Finally , remember that markets make mistakes , and they can make bigger ones after a meltdown like this one . I would not be surprised if disappointed investors drive the price down to a point where you and I can have the ultimate revenge on Mark Zuckerberg : Buy his company at a bargain basement price and make money off him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aswath Damodaran .	A week into Facebook 's debut on the market , its price was down Aswath Damodaran : Facebook 's IPO debacle was result of ineptitude Damodaran : Do n't assume that bankers and experts know what they are talking about
CNN  -- On Friday , Madonna posted a photo to her Instagram account of her teenage son , Rocco , throwing a punch in a boxing ring with the caption : "  Nobody messes with Dirty Soap ! Mama said knock you out ! " she wrote below the picture , adding the hashtag " #disni $ " a. " Yes , of course . When the inevitable public outcry began of her use of the n-word , the photo was deleted and reposted , its caption replaced with , in true Madonna fashion , " #get off my d $ " k haters ! " None of this furor is accidental . The pop icon is no stranger to controversy , but now it may be time to examine the consequences of her latest cultural tourism in the name of reinvention . In each of her many visual incarnations and cultural flings , Madonna has been predictably parasitic . She shamelessly moves on to the next character , having usurped all the cool or controversial parts of the previous one . Now , there is her use of the n-word . This lack of concern for the impact of her words is especially troubling because of her rainbow coalition of children , adopted and biological . But this is Madonna we 're talking about . As rumors of a possible performance with Beyonc  at the Grammys next month swirl , it make sense that she 's crept back into the news . This is the woman who embraced her title as the Queen of Obscene decades ago . This is the woman who bared all for her widely banned coffee table book "  Sex , " released alongside the "  Erotica " album in 1992 . She has performed hanging from a cross , criticized the Iraq War and masturbated both on stage and in movies . Lady Gaga may live for the applause , but Madge no doubt lives for the uproar . She is as adept at generating headlines as she is at churning out chart-topping albums . And she 's more likely to respond with a middle finger than a heartfelt apology . She stands firm in her decisions and historically does n't back down from her statements . I previously valued that very quality in her . Madonna : ` N-word ' hashtag was ` term of endearment ' to son As a dancer and former aspiring choreographer , I appreciate the bold spectacle in Madonna 's live shows . Her wildly successful Confessions Tour , for example , demonstrated the penchant for pushing creative boundaries that has kept me on board even when critics abandoned her . But even that fandom comes with reservations . It 's expected that influences change as musical trends and interests shift . But Madonna ? She has put in overtime to earn her status as cultural tourist-in-chief , cherry-picking the most catchy , marketable aspects of her current host culture for commercial benefit with little regard for integrity or respect of the reception to her behavior . When she offended Hindus by wearing a bindi , which is symbolic of chastity and purity , while wearing a see-through top at a VMA performance , a spokesperson told MTV that Madonna did not "  understand why -LSB- they -RSB- are upset . " She defended her use of Nazi imagery during her MDNA Tour as being used to highlight "  the intolerance humans have for one another . " Madonna has repeatedly demonstrated that she views cultural iconography , from dance styles to religious symbols , as artistic statements and sets them aside when no longer convenient . In her early days , she mimicked Marilyn Monroe . Then came her Spanish fixation in the late 1980s with "  La Isla Bonita . " In 1990 , she introduced voguing to the world , a dance style made popular by gay black and Latino creators . Then came bindis , saris , funky henna tattoos and ambiguous prayer-chanting magic on her "  Ray of Light " album . She was a butt-kicking female Che Guevera type on the artwork of "  American Life . " Each image immaculately styled , each revamp merely enduring the life cycle of her current fascination . Using the n-word on Instagram is just Madge being Madge . And her "  I 'm sorry if you were offended " - style nonapology does n't indicate that she 's learned anything from the backlash . Would she defiantly brush off the same "  term of endearment " were it directed to her black children adopted from Malawi , David Banda and Mercy James ? Has she become overly comfortable , having black friends , peers and black children ? This incident is less about Madonna being a racist and more about her continued lack of tact . This would make a great teachable moment for her children about mistakes and consequences , in her latest reinvention as a humanitarian and mother . But it should first be a lesson for Madonna herself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander Hardy .	Madonna 's recent controversy should not be a surprise , the author says Hardy : This is the latest in a career that borrows from what is "  cool " in culture Now , as a mother , perhaps she should consider the impact on her children
CNN  -- It 's all become a blur of polls , predictions and prognostication . The final days of the presidential race have been a head-spinning experience , giving us a collective case of vertigo as the media deliver their own ever-changing analyses while also conveying the strategists ' spin . If it were up to me , I would ban all reporting of campaign officials declaring that their guy is going to win , or that their internal polls actually show them ahead in Ohio or Florida . Unconstitutional , I know , but it would spare us all kinds of utterly useless information . We all want to know who 's going to win . But in a contest this tight , that 's almost impossible to forecast with any certainty . So journalists flock to each new tracking poll as if , at long last , the mystery will be solved and the future revealed . Right now , the consensus has congealed around the idea that President Barack Obama will win a second term . Maybe that 's right , but keep in mind that we imbue a 2 - or 3-point lead by Obama in a state such as Florida with almost cosmic significance , even though his advantage may fall within the margin of error . Watch : Getting Campaign Vertigo from the Relentless Media Spin Remember when some conservatives were carping that the media were skewing the polls in the president 's favor ? You do n't hear much of that since Mitt Romney surged in the surveys . The notion that a wide array of media organizations were cooking the books was as ludicrous as , say , the charge that the Obama administration was manipulating the unemployment figures . There has been a manic-depressive quality to reporting on the race , as the conventional wisdom has changed shape like an overactive amoeba . Watch : Late-Night Comics Savage Romney , Not Obama A year ago , the media kept telling us that Obama would have an awfully difficult time winning re-election unless the economy improved . By the time Romney emerged from the GOP demolition derby , the betting was that he was so damaged he was unlikely to win . After the conventions , Romney was viewed as such a flop that conservative commentators started debating the reasons he would lose . Then came Obama 's disastrous first debate . Romney shot up in the polls , and the commentators started saying the president had blown the race . Only in recent days , in the wake of Hurricane Sandy , has the press pack shifted yet again to the notion that Obama will win enough swing states to get to 270 . That is , unless you believe Karl Rove and Dick Morris , both of whom have predicted a Romney victory on Fox News . Watch : Why Do Media Deem Obama-Christie Teamwork So Strange ? If Obama does win , the coverage of the president 's role in dealing with the hurricane -- and especially his bromance with Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- might turn out to be a factor . Even Republicans are telling me that privately . Given the magnitude of the storm , journalists had little choice but to focus on Obama 's role as emergency coordinator , which relegated Romney to the sidelines after a period in which he had been gaining momentum . But the endless ink and airtime devoted to a Republican governor teaming up with a Democratic president during a crippling disaster was a bit troubling . Was it really so jaw-dropping that the two men might briefly put politics aside with so many lives lost and millions without power or gasoline ? The cynicism that permeated the coverage was disturbing . Watch : Enough With Campaigns Predicting They 'll Win Of course , politics reared its head when unnamed Romney advisers told Politico that Christie had gone too far and their man had almost picked him as a running mate before changing his mind . And they all spoke anonymously , a practice with which journalists have long been too complicit . Now , mercifully , comes the actual vote . But if you think the media speculation game ends Tuesday , guess again . Sometime in the late afternoon , the first wave of exit polls will undoubtedly leak , either to Matt Drudge or some blogger , and spread like wildfire across the Web . These numbers will be about as reliable as those that convinced John Kerry 's team in 2004 that he had won the presidency . Smart consumers will ignore the hyperventilation and wait for actual votes to be tallied , old-fashioned as that might sound . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Coverage of campaign has become a blur of polls and predictions He says in a race this close , speculating about the outcome is a waste of time Media should n't focus on campaign officials predicting wins , he says Kurtz : Beware of exit poll leaks on Tuesday ; they 're not reliable
CNN  -- A U.S. military spokesman confirmed the existence Friday of a report on detecting extremism in service members . But he disputed a claim that it was classified only after the shootings at Fort Hood , Texas . Security expert Shannen Rossmiller told CNN she contributed to a 2008 report aimed at helping the military spot signs of extremism among troops . She said the report was unclassified at its inception but is now under wraps . Rossmiller says the military 's attitude about the report -- she says political correctness trumped the study -- caused it to fail in its intended purpose of helping the military detect signs that one of its own might pose a threat . On Friday , a spokesman for the U.S. military 's European Command , Taylor Clark , said that his command has the report , but he denied that it was classified only after the shootings at Fort Hood . "  The classification of the document has n't changed since its origination back in August of 2008 , " he said . Rossmiller said closer attention to the study could have helped prevent the November 5 shootings at Fort Hood . She said it was meant to detect signs of extremism like those reportedly exhibited by Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , an Army psychiatrist who authorities say killed 13 at Fort Hood . Hasan was wounded in the incident and is paralyzed from the waist down . "  These people did n't have to die , and that 's why I 'm speaking out , " Rossmiller said . "  It 's an atrocity that this even had to happen . ... You would think , eight years after 9/11 , we 'd be smarter , " she said . Rossmiller was involved in the case of National Guard Spc. Ryan G. Anderson , a Muslim convert who was convicted in 2004 of trying to pass information to al Qaeda over the Internet . Afterward , she was asked to contribute to the report , "  The Radicalization of Members within DoD "  Department of Defense  . It was completed in April 2008 , she said . After the Anderson case , Rossmiller said , the military recognized a need for more awareness to stop radicalization among troops . "  The intent behind the whole report was to provide a useful tool for intelligence officials to spot and identify certain signs of radical behavior , " she said . At the time it was completed , it was her understanding that it was not classified , she said . She told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360  " that she understood the report was sent to "  intelligence officials within the defense community as well as the greater intelligence community . " After the Fort Hood shootings , she said she contacted the military after hearing no mention of the study in the media or from military officials . "  I sat quiet for a week , " she told CNN . " ... People were acting like there was nothing out there that could have been useful . " Rossmiller said she was told the study was now classified . "  The Defense Department report was intended to prevent something like this , and it 's just astonishing that this even had to happen after something like that has been prepared as a useful tool . " Watch Rossmiller accuse the military A key congressional committee opened an investigation into the shootings Thursday , pledging to find out if authorities failed to "  connect the dots " and could have prevented the attack . Members said they planned to focus on whether senior Army officials appropriately dealt with concerns raised by Hasan 's colleagues about his "  mental stability and political extremism . " Among other issues , the FBI has said it was aware of communication between Hasan an Anwar al-Awlaki , a Yemeni-American cleric who has promoted jihad against the United States and other Western countries . But investigators determined that those contacts were "  consistent with research being conducted by Maj. Hasan . " Also , a memo reportedly written two years ago by Hasan 's supervisor at Walter Reed Army Medical Center says Hasan demonstrated "  a pattern of poor judgment and a lack of professionalism " during his residency at the hospital . CNN could not corroborate the authenticity of the memo , which was obtained by National Public Radio . A former classmate has said he witnessed at least two of Hasan 's PowerPoint discussions that included what he described as extremist views . In these presentations , which were supposed to be about health , the source said that Hasan justified suicide bombings and spoke about the persecution of Muslims in the Middle East , in the United States and in the U.S. military . "  People are saying that , ` Wow , this is brand new , ' but in my travels , in talking with counterterrorism experts around the world , especially in Europe , this whole process of radicalization has gone through a much more in-depth study , a much more professional rigor than I think what we 've seen in the United States , " Rep. Pete Hoekstra of Michigan , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We could have learned from them , and it looks like we did n't . " A law enforcement official familiar with the investigation told CNN that when Hasan first came to the attention of investigators because of his communications with al-Awlaki , officials looked at his military personnel file , and nothing was found that raised suspicion . None of the items that have been reported since the shootings -- including the reported Walter Reed memo and the PowerPoint presentation arguing that Muslims in the Army should be allowed conscientious objector status -- were part of the file , the official said , but it was noted that Hasan had done research about Muslims in the military . Rossmiller said she was incredulous when Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced a 45-day review of Pentagon policies to see if the Defense Department had fallen short in identifying service members "  who could potentially pose credible threats to others . " That review apparently will do "  exactly what this report encompassed , " Rossmiller said . "  It 's just like , you know what ? They need to fall on their sword and we need to fix this . " "  I think what you need to do here is , you need to understand the phenomenon , " Hoekstra said . "  I think the political correctness here is not about profiling . It is a reluctance to acknowledge that this problem actually exists , to confront it and ultimately , then , to defeat it . I think that we can study this problem . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Classification of study of troop radicalization unchanged Report contributor says military classified report after Fort Hood shootings Attention to report might have prevented massacre , co-author says U.S. failed to learn from European studies , U.S. representative says
CNN  -- The United Nations declared a famine Wednesday in parts of southern Somalia and warned that the suffering could rapidly spread without a massive and immediate international response . "  Nearly 3.7 million people are now in crisis , " said U.N Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . "  We need donor support to address current needs and prevent a further deterioration of the crisis . " The crisis in Somalia -- a failing state mired in internal conflict and suffering the worst drought in half a century -- has been escalating steadily for months as aid agencies have pleaded for the international community to intervene . Wednesday , the humanitarian agency Oxfam blamed international donors for the potentially catastrophic situation at hand . "  Several rich governments are guilty of willful neglect as the aid effort to avert catastrophe in East Africa limps along due to an $ 800 million shortfall , " an Oxfam statement said . Thousands of Somalis have fled the country in search of food and water , trekking for days under scorching sun toward refugee camps in neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia . "  If we do n't act now , famine will spread to all eight regions of southern Somalia within two months , due to poor harvests and infectious disease outbreaks , " Mark Bowden , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Somalia , told reporters from Nairobi , Kenya . "  It is likely that tens of thousands of people have already died -- the majority of these being children . " He said nearly half the people in Somalia are in crisis and roughly $ 300 million in aid is needed in the next two months . Aid workers call it the worst food crisis since a famine in Ethiopia in the mid-1980s that killed about 1 million people . "  Every day of delay in assistance is literally a matter of life or death for children and their families in the famine-affected areas , " Bowden said . The United Nations uses a five-stage scale to measure hunger . Stage 5 , or famine , means that acute malnutrition rates are 30 % or more , people do not have adequate calorie or water intake and mortality rates are greater than two adults or four children per day per 10,000 people . Think of it this way , said Lawrence Haddad , director of the U.K.-based Institute of Development Studies : If famine were declared in the United States , 3,000 or more children would be dying every day from lack of food and water . "  This is big , " he said . "  We have to act quickly , now . " Oxfam defines famine as a cocktail of causes : A "  triple failure of food production , people 's ability to access food and , finally and most crucially , in the political response by governments and international donors . Crop failure and poverty leave people vulnerable to starvation -- but famine only occurs with political failure . " Famine used to be a term equated solely with a large-scale shortage of food . But the term slipped out of the official lexicon after it came to encompass a variety of factors that add up to a complex emergency , said Patrick Webb , an expert in food security at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University . "  Actually , a lot of famine happens when there is food in the market , " he said . "  It 's about people 's inability to acquire that food . Famine represents a catastrophic failure of all the systems that people rely on to survive . " That includes the deaths of livestock , displacement of people and conflict . And that is what has happened in southern Somalia , where people have had to make heart-wrenching choices simply to stay alive . A mother might have to decide whether to keep her baby alive or split her money to feed all her children . A family may take down their thatched roof , the only shelter they have , to make sure a precious cow can eat . Grandparents might forgo their share of a meal to ensure survival for the youngest generation . Webb said many Americans stung by the recession have had to make difficult life choices . Multiply that by many times to get an idea of what it means to be Somali right now . "  The thing about food is that you have to have it every day , " he said . "  It 's not like buying a car or clothes . It 's where the rubber meets the road . " After Wednesday 's declaration of famine , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced $ 28 million in additional funding for the crisis . "  We have already responded with over $ 431 million in food and nonfood emergency assistance this year alone , " Clinton said in a statement . "  But it is not enough -- the need is only expected to increase and more must be done by the United States and the international community . " Part of the problem with donations is that it 's politically difficult to give money for an event that has not happened yet , Haddad said . He understood Oxfam 's position and the frustration of aid workers on the frontlines who are bearing witness to immense human suffering . But how do you justify millions for a catastrophe that "  might " happen , he asked . About 10 million people are at risk of famine in the Horn of Africa . Somalia , wracked by years of internal violence and insecurity , is the worst affected . Many Somalis have fled to the Dadaab camp , a refugee complex in Kenya intended to house 90,000 but now bursting with 400,000 people . Internal strife has exacerbated drought-caused food shortages and livestock deaths . The nation has not had an effective government for two decades and government forces have been battling Al-Shabaab militants in the capital , Mogadishu . Humanitarian agencies have not been able to reach famine-affected areas , said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  Al-Shabaab is principally responsible for exacerbating the consequences of the drought situation by preventing its own people from being able to access critically needed assistance , " she said . Al-Shabaab , a group of Islamist insurgents with affiliations with al-Qaeda , controls large portions of Mogadishu and parts of southern and central Somalia . The militants had accused Western humanitarians of being anti-Muslim . But earlier this month , the al Qaeda-linked group pledged to allow aid groups access to areas under its control , reversing an earlier decision banning them . "  President Obama and Secretary Clinton have aggressively worked to and asked us to test Al-Shabaab , " said Dr. Rajiv Shah , chief administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development , in an interview from the Dadaab refugee camp . "  If they 're going to provide humanitarian access , we 're going to stand with the United Nations and other partners to make sure that humanitarian organizations can get in and can reach the most affected people . It 's no coincidence that the precise geography that have been labeled a famine and have met the technical designation of famine are precisely those areas where Shabaab has limited access , has harassed aid workers and has made it difficult for people to eke out a basic standard of living and existence . " Humanitarian agencies have welcomed the pledge by Al-Shabaab , but said the earlier ban intensified the crisis . U.N. officials were able to airlift emergency supplies to southern Somalia last week after the Islamist militants promised to lift the ban . The south is home to about 80 % of the nation 's malnourished children , the U.N. Children 's Fund said . "  More than ever , Somali people need and deserve our full attention , " Bowden said . "  At this time of crisis , we must make exceptional efforts to support Somalis wherever they are in need and expect that all parties will do the same . " CNN 's David McKenzie , Matthew Vann and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Nearly 3.7 million people are now in crisis , " U.N. secretary-general says The United Nations warns that the crisis could spread About half the Somali population is affected U.S. announces $ 28 million in additional funding to help Somalis
