CNN  -- Earlier this week , Pete Cashmore , the founder of Mashable , published his top 10 trends for 2012 . And while Cashmore 's list is characteristically prescient , it misses one trend which I suspect will increasingly shape our attitude toward technology over the next year . So let me add an 11th trend of 2012 : Next year , we will become increasingly preoccupied with the relationship between new digital technologies and employment . 2012 will be the year that it finally dawns on us that more digital technology might mean fewer regular jobs and that robots could be replacing human beings as the critical labor constituency of our "  new economy . " Cashmore 's own Mashable website gave us a sneak preview of this revolution in August when it reported on the decision of Foxconn , Apple 's Chinese manufacturer , to replace a large part of its workforce with one million robots . And in 2012 , I predict , these kinds of strategic investments in artificial intelligence -- from consumer products like Apple 's Siri and Google 's self-driving car to automated industrial factories -- will become ever more commonplace . Next year , we will also see an increasing debate about the connection between new technology and jobs . This is a debate that will particularly focus on the impact of digital technology on average workers . It will pit what we might call "  innovation fundamentalists " against "  innovation skeptics . " Eric Schmidt , Google 's former CEO and its current executive chairman , is a classic example of an innovation fundamentalist . "  Innovators create millions of jobs in America , " the multi-billionaire mogul told CNN 's Erin Burnett last week on OutFront about what he believes is the inevitably positive impact of new technology , particularly information technology , upon employment . But even though innovation fundamentalism remains the core orthodoxy in Silicon Valley , not every digital mogul shares Schmidt 's faith in the magical impact of innovation on jobs . Last month , for example , at the Oxford Union , the debating society of Oxford University , we got a sneak preview of the kind of debate about our digital economy that we will become ever more resonant in 2012 . "  This house believes that the average worker is being left behind by advances in technology " , the Union debate -- a part of the annual Silicon Valley Comes to Oxford conference -- was framed . And among those arguing that the average worker is , indeed , being left behind by technologyl were innovation skeptics like Reid Hoffman , the billionaire co-founder of LinkedIn and two distinguished MIT economists , Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee . "  The androids are coming and they work even cheaper than the Chinese do , " argued McAfee in the Union debate . He went on to explain that the combined American labor force of Facebook , Apple , Amazon was less than 150,000 workers -- a number , he explained , that was smaller than the average number of people entering the American workforce each month . McAfee then warned the Oxford audience about the cloud-based storage company Dropbox , the so-called current "  darling " of Silicon Valley . He said Dropbox was bringing in $ 270 million in revenue from 40 million users and yet employed only 70 people . Not surprisingly perhaps , the Union motion was carried by a more than 3 to 1 margin . Brynjolffson and McAfee are also the co-authors of "  Race Against The Machine : How the Digital Revolution is Accelerating Innovation , Driving Productivity , and Irreversibly Transforming Employment and the Economy , " a controversial new e-book which argues that the creative destruction of today 's digital revolution is actually leaving millions of people behind . While they are argue that technological innovation is certainly making us more productive , it is not , they worry , either raising average American income or generating more jobs for average workers . It 's important to note that skeptics like Brynjolffson and McAfee are n't luddites and "  Race Against the Machine " is distinguished by a substantive final chapter which outlines a series of a prescriptions and recommendations of what needs to be done to more effectively combine technological innovation and jobs . Proactive education , entrepreneurship and investment policy are the keys to guaranteeing that new technology will produce more jobs for average workers , the MIT economists write . I have to confess that I share the concerns of entrepreneurs like Reid Hoffman and economists like Brynjolffson and McAfee about the impact of new technology on average workers . Like them , I worry that dynamic new global companies like Dropbox , Facebook and Google do n't require the labor of average workers . I thus welcome the debate about technology and labor that we are about to have in 2012 . Traditional media 's decline is our loss In his excellent summary of 2011 , Cashmore argues that "  the pace of change has become blisteringly fast , with traditional industries -- bookstores , video-rental chains , newspapers -- crumbling more quickly than we could have imagined . " Yet while Cashmore is right to describe the pace of change in 2011 as "  blisteringly fast " , he is wrong to suggest that nobody imagined the "  crumbling " of old media industries like Blockbuster video rental stores and Borders bookstores . Indeed , one of the most impressive of this year 's non-fiction books , Robert Levine 's "  Free Ride : How Digital Parasites Are Destroying the Culture Business , and How the Culture Business Can Fight Back , " charts this demise and argues that it can be blamed , in part , on the online economy 's misguided focus on free content and the self-interested permissiveness of powerful digital companies toward online piracy . In many ways , Levine 's argument is also about the relationship between technology and employment . Rather than the android , however , Levine 's enemy is the online pirate whose theft of intellectual property has resulted , he says , in many thousands of creative professionals losing their jobs . Levine 's argument puts him in the camp of innovation skeptics . Like Hoffman and McAfee , this former Billboard editor is not against technology and recognizes that , for better or worse , the digital revolution is an unavoidable reality of our age . But "  Free Ride " is a carefully calibrated reminder that there is nothing either inevitable or beneficial about the crumbling of many traditional media companies and that we , as regular consumers of music , books and movies , are the ultimate losers when these industries decline . Artificial intelligence : Good or bad ? I 've already mentioned two of my top five 2011 books : Levine 's "  Free Ride " and McAfee and Brynjolfsson 's "  Race Against The Machine . " The next two pretty much pick themselves . Walter Isaacson 's blockbuster "  Steve Jobs " is a rich and balanced biography of the ultimate innovation fundamentalist , ultra-willing to sacrifice everything and everyone at the altar of technological creativity . While James Gleick 's acclaimed "  The Information : a History , a Theory , a Flood , " is a brilliant analysis of why and how information has become the motor of the early 21st century 's innovation economy . My final choice is Tyler Cowen 's "  The Great Stagnation : How American Ate All the Low-Hanging Fruit of Modern History , Got Sick , and Will  Eventually  Feel Better , " which addresses the relationship between technological innovation and prosperity . Cowen , an economist at George Mason university , blows up every orthodoxy . He argues there has n't been much technological innovation over the last 50 years which , he notes , explains the scarcity of ordinary jobs in today 's economy . Ironically , Cowen pins his hopes for future prosperity on the commercial success of artificial intelligence technology -- a development which , of course , McAfee and Brynjolfsson blame for today 's unemployment crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Andrew Keen argues relationship between digital tech and jobs will become focus in 2012 Debate will pitch so-called "  innovation fundamentalists " against "  innovation skeptics , " Keen says Regular consumers are the true losers of the collapse of old media businesses , he adds
CNN  -- For the serious contenders at grand slams , it 's all about trying to advance with minimal fuss in the first week . That way they have plenty of energy left for when the competition picks up in the second week . Serena Williams certainly is n't messing around in the early stages of this year 's U.S. Open . After crushing Taylor Townsend -- a potentially tricky opponent -- in the first round in 55 minutes , Williams routed another fellow American , Vania King , 6-1 6-0 in 56 minutes Thursday to reach the third round . Men 's No. 1 Novak Djokovic made quick work of his opponent , too , dispatching Paul-Henri Mathieu 6-1 6-3 6-0 . This grand slam is big for Williams . Even though she has won 17 majors , none have come in 2014 and she did n't progress to the quarterfinals at the Australian Open , French Open and Wimbledon . But New York could once again bring Williams joy -- she is the two-time defending champion . The top seed 's only problems against King came in her first service game , when Williams hit three double faults in windy conditions . Williams ' path to the final got a little easier when Ana Ivanovic was upset by big-serving Czech Karolina Pliskova 7-5 6-4 and Samantha Stosur -- who defeated Williams in the 2011 final -- blew match points and lost to Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi in a third-set tiebreak . Ivanovic and Stosur were in Williams ' quarter . Just how potent is Pliskova 's serve ? She trailed only Williams in aces heading into the tournament . Still , it marks more grand slam disappointment for Ivanovic , the eighth seed and a former No. 1 . Despite occupying the final spot in the race for the year-end championships , Ivanovic crashed out early at Roland Garros , Wimbledon and now the U.S. Open . "  I do put a lot of expectations on myself , " Ivanovic told reporters . "  I tried to overanalyze and overthink instead of just playing the game . "  It 's a work in process . But I think I have potential to do well " at grand slams "  and that 's something I want to change for next year . " Almost forgotten this year is Victoria Azarenka , since she 's missed most of 2014 with a foot injury and this month dealt with a knee complaint . The two-time finalist , however , rallied from a break down in the first set and then cruised past Christina McHale 6-3 6-2 . "  It 's always going to take time to rebuild , " Azarenka told reporters . "  I feel like I 'm improving day to day . "  I play much better than I played a month ago . So that 's important . "	Serena Williams crushes Vania King at the U.S. Open on Thursday Williams loses just one game in the 56-minute second-round rout in New York The U.S. Open is Williams ' last opportunity to win a major this year Her chances improved after Ana Ivanovic was upset in straight sets
Mashable  -- Twitter has taken a big step towards improving account security with a new setting that permanently enables HTTPS . HTTPS  Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure  allows encrypted communication between networks and users . It creates a secure tunnel through the inherently chaotic web , decreasing the chance that somebody will access a user 's account information on an open Wi-Fi network , for example . Twitter has offered HTTPS access for some time . But starting today , users can activate HTTPS permanently by going to their settings and selecting "  Always use HTTPS . " These users will always be logged into Twitter via HTTPS rather than the traditional HTTP method . Mashable : The Twitter guide book The company notes that its mobile website still ca n't force HTTPS permanently . So users currently need to make sure they are logged into https://mobile.twitter.com rather than http://mobile.twitter.com if they want a secure connection . Twitter says it is working on a solution that will make the permanent HTTPS feature work on both its mobile website and Twitter.com . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter has been working to improve security for the site HTTPS allows encrypted communication between networks and users Users can activate HTTPS permanently by going to their settings
CNN  President Barack Obama will address the country Wednesday to explain to the nation "  what our game plan is going forward " in the fight against ISIS . In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Obama expressed confidence that the United States , with help from regional partners , will be able to wipe out the terror organization . "  I just want the American people to understand the nature of the threat and how we 're going to deal with it and to have confidence that we 'll be able to deal with it , " the President told interviewer Chuck Todd . He said action will include military , diplomatic and economic components . He laid out a three-stage plan that starts with actions the U.S. has already taken : gathering increased intelligence on ISIS , and using airstrikes to protect American personnel , critical Iraqi infrastructure like the Mosul Dam , and cities such as Irbil in Iraqi Kurdistan . U.S. airstrikes target ISIS fighters near 2nd-largest dam in Iraq "  The next phase is now to start going on some offense , " he said . "  We have to get an Iraqi government in place , and I 'm optimistic that next week we should be able to get that done . " He said his speech wo n't announce the involvement of U.S. ground troops . "  We 're not looking at sending 100,000 American troops , " he vowed . The President gave his most direct and detailed assessment of ISIS since the terrorist group has brutally decapitated two American journalists and killed thousands of Iraqis . It is a vastly different message than he gave nearly two weeks ago , when he said the U.S. did n't have a strategy "  yet " to deal with ISIS in Syria , and in January , when he called it and other groups the JV team . "  Well , they 're not a JV team , " Obama said in Sunday 's "  Meet the Press " interview . The President received praise from recent critics who had said he was too timid as the scope , depth and capabilities of ISIS continue to grow . "  I want to congratulate the President . He is now on offense , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  It 's overdue , but the President is now there , " the California Democrat added . Her counterpart in the House , Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , echoed Feinstein 's sentiment , also on CNN . "  This is the toughest talk that we have heard from the President , and I agree with Sen. Feinstein -- that 's a good thing because they are a threat . " But not everyone applauded . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who is considering a run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 and has criticized Obama for not acting quickly or strongly enough , said , "  American foreign policy is in the hands of someone who does not know what he 's doing . " "  I believe this president has committed a presidential malpractice in his foreign policy , " Rubio added on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Congressional ` buy-in ' Congress returns to Washington this week from a five-week break and will immediately face questions about ISIS . Obama said he will meet with members of Congress on Tuesday to discuss the administration 's strategy , let lawmakers "  have buy-in " and debate the plan . But asked by Todd if he was seeking congressional authorization of his strategy , Obama appeared to say no . "  I 'm confident that I 've got the authorization that I need to protect the American people , " he said . But Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who is also considering a 2016 presidential run , said on ABC 's "  This Week " that any additional military action "  should absolutely take congressional approval . " His colleagues in the House , however , did n't agree , saying the President has the constitutional authority to act without Congressional authorization . The top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said , "  I believe as commander in chief he has the absolute power to carry out these attacks . " Democratic Rep. Adam Smith of Washington agreed , saying the President does n't need authorization but that "  it would be better if Congress would authorize it . " He added , however , that it would be "  extraordinarily difficult " to get through the partisan body , especially less than two months before an election . Syria While the U.S. plan to help Iraqi and Kurdish troops take back areas under ISIS control is key to defeating the militants , Obama said the strategy will also have economic and political prongs . His plan will involve working to "  attract back Sunni tribes that may have felt that they had no connection to a Baghdad government that was ignoring their grievances . " As for the military , he insisted U.S. troops will not take the lead . "  We do n't have the resources " to "  occupy " numerous countries , he said , so a more "  sustainable strategy ... means the boots on the ground have to be Iraqi . " But what 's unclear still is if he will authorize airstrikes in Syria . ISIS gained power and strength there trying to defeat Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country 's complex civil war , and foreign policy hawks have been pushing for the U.S. to strike ISIS command centers and weapons stockpiles . Obama did n't indicate in the interview aired Sunday whether he was going to move forward with airstrikes but said the U.S. will "  need to put more resources " into vetted groups that oppose both al-Assad and ISIS in Syria . "  We 're going to have to develop a moderate Sunni opposition that can control territory and that we can work with , " he said , insisting there will be no U.S. troops on the ground . "  The notion that the United States should be putting boots on the ground , I think , would be a profound mistake . And I want to be very clear and very explicit about that . " "  The boots on the ground have to be Syrian , " he added . The U.S. has no plans to move forward alone . After a NATO summit in Wales last week , the President announced the support of nine countries that are committed to pushing back against ISIS . He said his next effort will be to obtain the support of allies in the region . Secretary of State John Kerry is going to spend the upcoming week attempting to gain support from Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Turkey and the United Arab Emirates , the President said . As strategy firms up , U.S. courts partners to target ISIS Threat to the U.S. . The President maintains that the terror group , which gained power in war-torn Syria and expanded into Iraq , is not an immediate threat to the U.S. . But he noted that "  over time " it could become a "  serious threat to the homeland " if it is able to continue to expand territory under its control while amassing arms and fighters , especially Western fighters . Wednesday 's speech , which will come a day before the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , will help the American public better grasp the administration 's plan , he said . "  What I want people to understand is that over the course of months , we are going to be able to not just blunt the momentum of  ISIS  , we are going to systematically degrade their capabilities , we 're going to shrink the territory that they control and ultimately , we 're going to defeat them , " Obama said . State Department releases graphic anti-ISIS video ISIS facts CNN 's Tom Dunlavey contributed to this report .	President Obama says he will give a speech Wednesday outlining plan to defeat ISIS Plan will not involve U.S. troops on the ground , but supporting Iraqi , Kurdish troops there Obama : With resources shifted , Americans protected , U.S. to "  start going on some offense " He wants Congress to "  have buy-in " but says he 's already authorized to protect U.S.
CNN  -- Pakistani troops launched a ground offensive against militants in the capital of the country 's North Waziristan area Monday , starting a new phase of a 16-day fight that has seen more than 450,000 people flee the area . Troops killed at least 15 militants as the army raided homes in the area 's capital , Miranshah , the country 's military said . This is the first major ground offensive in Miranshah since Pakistan began what was primarily an airstrike campaign against anti-government fighters in North Waziristan and other restive parts of Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas . The offensive , which started on June 15 , is meant to "  finish off " militants in the area near the Afghanistan border "  once and for all , " Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN this month . The Pakistani Taliban are among the targets . The tribal areas in northwestern Pakistan are a base for anti-government militants , including those with the Islamist Haqqani movement . More than 376 militants have been killed and 61 suspected militant hideouts have been destroyed in the campaign , the army said . Three Pakistani troops were injured in Monday 's raids in Miranshah , the army said . Hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes to camps in Pakistan 's nearby Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province since the campaign began , the country 's National Disaster Management Authority said . About 466,000 people , including 197,013 children , have registered at checkpoints , the agency said . Rations , including food and cooking oil , are being given to the civilians at the camps , the army said . Opinion : Exodus from Pakistan 's troubled north presents risks , opportunities	Troops kill at least 15 militants in North Waziristan 's capital , the military says More than 450,000 people have fled area since the campaign began on June 15 376 insurgents have been killed in 16 days of fighting , Pakistan 's army says The Pakistani Taliban are among the targets
CNN  -- Robinho fired AC Milan to a shock 1-0 victory over league leaders Juventus to end the Turin club 's 25-match unbeaten streak away from home in Serie A. Juventus had not tasted defeat on the road in the domestic league since May 1 2011 but was unable to find a way to see off an inspired Milan . While Juventus , fresh from its 3-0 thrashing of European champion Chelsea , has enjoyed a stellar start to the campaign , Milan has looked lacklustre . Club owner and former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi visited the players last week to discuss the team 's failings . And those words of wisdom appeared to have the desired effect as the home side produced the kind of performance which had been so sorely missing in previous weeks . The breakthrough came just after the half-hour mark when Mauricio Isla handled the ball inside the penalty area and Robinho fired home from the spot . Mexes wonder goal lifts Milan into knockout stages Juve piled forward after the break and Mirko Vucinic went close to grabbing an equalizer , but Milan held out to move up to ninth and ease the pressure on boss Massimiliano Allegri . Elsewhere , Fiorentina moved into second following a 2-2 draw at Torino . Alessio Cerci put the home side ahead five minutes before the break only for Gonzalo Rodriguez to level from the penalty spot . Valter Birsa 's 76th minute strike looked to have won it for Torino , but Mounir El Hamdaoui struck five minutes from time to snatch a point for the Viola . Sampdoria moved further away from the drop zone courtesy of an Andrea Poli effort as it won 1-0 at struggling Bologna . Genoa ended its run of six consecutive league defeats with a 1-0 win at Atalanta thanks to Andrea Bertolacci 's goal . Roma grabbed a 1-0 win at Pescara with Mattia Perin 's fifth minute goal condemning Cristiano Bergodi to defeat in his first game in charge . Chievo 's Mamadou Samassa was sent off as his side drew 0-0 with Siena . Marvellous Messi In Spain , Lionel Messi scored twice to take his tally to 82 for the year as Barcelona cruised to a 4-0 win at Levante . Tito Vilanova 's side set a new league record after scoring four goals away from home for the fourth game in a row . Messi is now just four goals away from surpassing Gerd Muller 's record of 85 , which came during his time playing for Bayern Munich and Germany in 1972 . Magic Messi moves in on record All the goals came after the break following wonderful play from midfielder Andres Iniesta , who ripped the heart out of Levante . The diminutive playmaker scored one himself and laid on both of Messi 's goals before setting up Cesc Fabregas to seal the win . Barca keeper Victor Valdes saved a late penalty as the visitors kept a clean sheet . It means Barca has now equaled Real Madrid 's 1991-1992 La Liga record of taking 37 points from its first 13 matches . Falcao on fire Atletico Madrid remains just three points behind Barca following its crushing 4-0 victory over nine-man Sevilla . Goals from Radamel Falcao , Arda Turan , Koke and Miranda sealed the win for Atletico and takes it eight points clear of local rivals Real Madrid going into next Saturday 's derby game . Sevilla , who lost Federico Fazio after just 22 minutes , was three goals down at the break as Atletico recorded its seventh consecutive home win . The visiting side was reduced to nine men on 83 minutes after Ivan Rakitic picked up a second yellow card and Miranda rubbed salt in Sevilla 's wounds by firing home a late fourth . Elsewhere , Athletic Bilbao and Deportivo La Coruna shared the points in a 1-1 draw in the San Mames stadium . Oscar de Marcos put the home side ahead on 24 minutes only for Abel Aguilar hit an equalizer early in the second-half Getafe claimed a 2-0 victory at Espanyol to keep the Barcelona side bottom of the table , two points behind Deportivo . Pedro Leon put Getafe ahead on 15 minutes before Mane doubled the lead in the final minute . Marseille on the march In France , Marseille moved level with arch-rivals Paris Saint-Germain at the top of Ligue 1 following a 1-0 home win over 10-man Lille . Florent Balmont was sent off in first-half stoppage time with Jordan Ayew scoring a minute after the interval to seal the victory . Elie Baup 's side are on 26 points but trail PSG on goal difference . Lyon missed the chance to go top after suffering a 3-0 defeat against Toulouse . Wissam Ben Yedder scored twice with Etienne Capoue sealing the win after the interval . Lyon remains one point off the lead , while Toulouse moves up to seventh . Defending champions Montpellier claimed a 1-0 victory over Bordeaux to take its unbeaten league run to five games . The win , courtesy of a Remy Cabella strike , takes Montpellier up to 12th on 17 points . Freiburg on fire In the German Bundesliga , Freiburg moved up to sixth with a crushing 3-0 win over VfB Stuttgart . Freiburg faces Bayern Munich in its next game but will be full of confidence thanks to goals from Jan Rosenthal , Pavel Krmas and Max Kruse Bayer Leverkusen remains fifth following a 2-1 victory over Hoffenheim . Mid-table Borussia Moenchengladbach needed a late equaliser from Patrick Herrmann to rescue a point at bottom side Augsburg as it finished in a 1-1 draw	Juventus suffers its second defeat of league season Messi scores twice as Barcelona wins 4-0 at Levante Atletico Madrid crush Sevilla 4-0 to stay in second Lyon suffers shock 3-0 defeat at Toulouse
CNN  -- The owners of Mississippi 's only abortion clinic are headed back to federal court in another attempt to stop a new state law which could close its doors -- effectively banning abortion in the state . The Jackson Women 's Health Organization filed for a preliminary injunction Wednesday to delay enforcement of the new law . Clinic officials say House Bill 1390 , which was signed into law in April , imposes unnecessary guidelines and requires abortion doctors to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . The clinic 's doctors have been unable to gain those privileges . "  We 've done everything we can to comply with this law and have been shut down at every juncture , " said Diane Derzis , the clinic 's president and owner . Opinion : Mississippi 's end run around abortion "  Hopefully we 'll get a federal judge to see that the state of Mississippi has effectively banned abortion in the state and we hope the judge declares it unconstitutional , " she told CNN . In July , a federal judge in Jackson , Mississippi , temporarily blocked the law from going into effect to allow the clinic time to comply with it , and stopped the state from imposing civil and criminal penalties against the organization . If the federal court does not grant a preliminary injunction while the clinic fights the constitutionality of the law , it could close down as early as February . "  Anti-choice politicians were very clear that they had one thing in mind when they passed this law : to shut down Mississippi 's only abortion clinic , " said Nancy Northup , president and CEO at the Center for Reproductive Rights . "  It is n't a surprise to anyone that the physicians at the Jackson Women 's Health Organization have n't been able to obtain admitting privileges at any local hospital . " But the law 's sponsor , state Rep. Sam Mims , told CNN the measure 's purpose was not to eliminate abortion . "  We 're protecting the health of women by giving them professional care , " he said . "  I believe life begins at conception and I think a lot of Mississippians do as well . If this legislation causes less abortion , then that 's a good thing , " Mims added . The clinic says it has not been able to secure hospital privileges at any of the 12 hospitals in the area . In a denial letter filed as part of the court record , one of the facilities -- Crossgates River Oaks Hospital in nearby Brandon -- wrote that the nature of the clinic 's medical practice "  is inconsistent with this hospital 's policies and practices as concerns abortion and , in particular , elective abortions ... The nature of your proposed medical practice would lead to both an internal and external disruption of the hospital 's function and business within this community . " One legal expert says this fight is wrapped in the cloak of conservative religion in one of the most conservative , religious states in the nation . "  A lot of facilities and hospitals , no doubt , do n't want to ... be labeled as the one facility that 's hospitable to providing abortions , " said Prof. W. Martin Wiseman , director of the Stennis Institute of Government at Mississippi State University .	The Jackson Women 's Health Organization is the only abortion clinic in Mississippi The clinic 's doctors have been unable to get admitting privileges at local hospitals One state lawmaker says the aim of the law is to protect women 's health
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate , the "  world 's greatest deliberative body , " with a reputation for gridlock that surpasses even that of my native Los Angeles , on Thursday passed an immigration reform bill by a bipartisan majority . Please thank the Senate . As the fight moves to the House of Representatives , it 's a good time to reflect on just what this bill will mean for America and to redouble our efforts to pass it . The last major immigration reform bill was in 1986 under President Reagan . I was 3 , my parents had just bought their first computer and the World Wide Web was a dream . Many of today 's great tech companies were not yet on the radar screen . Our country has changed a lot during those 27 years , but not -- so far -- our immigration policy . Suffice it to say , if we can pass our generation 's immigration reform , it will be a really big deal . America 's greatest asset has always been its people , drawn here from all over the world . In the 21st century , our economic future depends on immigrants more than ever . The fastest-growing sector of our economy is the knowledge economy , where the main competitive difference is people . How immigration reform would affect 3 families In a globalized world where people and businesses have their choice of countries to locate in , continuing to have the best trained , hardest-working and most productive people in the world will keep the United States at the forefront of global competitiveness . We have some huge advantages : the top universities in the world , the top scientific researchers , and -- right alongside these -- our identity as a nation of immigrants and descendants of immigrants . At FWD.us , a nonprofit advocacy group , we are entrepreneurs , and we believe that one of the main reasons America is the leading entrepreneurial nation is that we are a nation of immigrants . Leaving behind your home country and everything you know to create a better life for your family is the essence of the risk-taking that characterizes the entrepreneurial ethos . I think back to my ancestors in the shtetls of Eastern Europe in the 19th century . They had probably never been more than two miles from their village , and got on a steamship to go to a country they had never even seen in a picture , knowing they would never return home . That is truly putting it all on the line to make a better life . It is not random , who chooses to emigrate , and the work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit of these immigrants have shaped the character of our country . Entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley do not just identify with the experience of computer programmers coming to America to work at tech companies , but with everyone who comes here to make a better life . It 's why we are working for comprehensive immigration reform . There are talented young people in America who were brought here by their parents who now can not go to college or work because they are undocumented . These DREAMers are just waiting to contribute , and their parents , with the right accountability measures , should be able to join them by coming out of the shadows and contributing fully to their communities . Opinion : On immigration , GOP offers fear , not ideas In addition , we know that the best and the brightest come here to study , start companies and create jobs that grow our economy ; millions more are caught in limbo navigating a complex and broken system that is totally outdated for a modern economy and modern American families . We need to pass comprehensive immigration reform to unlock those contributions and by doing so change millions of lives . FWD.us has been visiting college graduations , talking with some of the smart young international graduates who have the potential to expand American businesses and create new innovations here . Many are returning home despite job offers in the United States , for one reason -- they ca n't get visas . A loss for them and a loss for us -- collateral damage of an outdated immigration policy . Over our history , the United States has often been good at welcoming immigrants . In fact , it 's part of what defines America . Reagan said it well , recounting the sentiments in a letter he received from a man before he left office : "  You can go live in France , but you can not become a Frenchman . You can go to live in Germany or Italy , but you ca n't become a German , an Italian . He went through Turkey , Greece , Japan and other countries . But he said anyone , from any corner of the world , can come to live in the United States and become an American . " Comprehensive immigration reform is a big deal , but it is not a done deal . The House comes next . We are at a hinge moment for America . Do n't hold back -- the time is here to be heard as the fight continues to pass meaningful comprehensive immigration reform . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joe Green .	Joe Green : Immigration reform heads for tough fight in House after passing in Senate The last major immigration overhaul in the U.S. was in 1986 , he says Green says immigrants are group of risk-takers who define America 's entrepreneurial ethos Green : Immigrants needed to feed nation 's fast-growing knowledge economy
CNN  Australia lodged a formal complaint Friday over the treatment of two drug smugglers sentenced to death in Indonesia during their transfer to an island where they are expected to face execution . During the transfer , a senior Indonesian police officer was pictured in photos with the Australian pair on a flight . Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were being taken from Kerobokan prison in Bali to Nusakambangan island in Central Java , where they will be held in a maximum security facility before facing a 12-man firing squad . The date of the execution is not yet known , although the convicted will be informed at least 72 hours before they are put to death . Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs said it had lodged a formal complaint with the Indonesian embassy in Canberra over the treatment of the prisoners during the transfer , which took place before dawn on Wednesday . Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told Australian media that an undue show of force , including armored vehicles and dozens of officers in helmets and balaclavas , was also used during the transfer . "  I just can not comprehend it . They are two men who are described by their own prison governors as model citizens , two gentlemen who pose no risk to anyone , " she told the ABC 's AM program . "  I can not comprehend the manner or the method of their transfer to the so-called execution island . " A spokesman for Indonesia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the photos were taken without the consent of the officer involved , Commissioner Djoko Hari Utomo . "  The officer was inquiring about the physical condition of Mr Chan , " Arrmanatha Nasir told CNN in regard to one of the images . "  It is regretful that this photo is being used by the media to portray something more than what it really is . " Australia 's complaint comes after Indonesia dismissed a last-minute proposal to save the pair 's lives through a prisoner swap . Nasir told CNN that there are no Indonesian laws that would allow or provide for an exchange . "  Indonesia does not have legislation or laws or any other legal instruments that will enable the issue of a prisoner exchange to be conducted , " he said , adding that the Australian government had been informed of this stance . Sukumaran and Chan , members of the so-called "  Bali Nine " smuggling ring , have been held by Indonesian authorities for nearly a decade . They are expected to be held in a maximum security facility on Nusakambangan where they will be isolated before being put to death . They are among a number of people from different countries who are also scheduled for execution . Australian government and opposition parliamentarians attended a candlelight vigil at dawn Thursday , as a spectacular sunrise lit politicians from across Australia 's political spectrum , united in opposition to the impending executions . "  We appeal to the Indonesian president to grant a stay of clemency , " Bishop told the gathering . She reminded the Indonesian government that legal avenues remained open , before appealing for mercy on behalf of the convicted men 's families . "  I 've spoken to the families . They are going through an unimaginably difficult time and I ask that you think of the families who are praying that their son , brother , grandson can have their life spared . We appeal again to President Widodo , the leader of a strong and proud country , to show mercy and forgiveness and spare the lives of these two young Australians . " Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair . They have been jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia . OPINION : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war Prime Minister Tony Abbott said people should not let anger affect Australians ' relationship with Indonesia . "  We abhor drug crime , but we abhor the death penalty . We think that these two Australians deserve to be punished , but they certainly do n't deserve to be executed , " he said . The Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police . Chan , 31 , was called the ringleader of the plot , and Sukumaran was described as Chan 's collaborator in the scheme . Seven other people who participated in the plan are serving lengthy prison sentences . Police caught four people at the Denpasar airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . Another four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta . Chan was detained after a boarding a plane to Sydney -- he was n't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot . The Indonesian administrative court last week dismissed a case filed by lawyers of the two Australians against President Joko Widodo . The attorneys wanted a review of the president 's decision to deny them clemency . Todung Mulya Lubis , who represents the pair , said a challenge had been submitted to the administrative court and lawyers were still waiting for a court summons . "  There should be no execution as long as there is a legal process going on , " Lubis said . Sukumaran and Chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars , according to fellow inmates and the jail 's chief warden . Sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates . Chan has found spirituality , which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems . Their rehabilitation is genuine , Bishop has previously said . "  Andrew and Myuran are the model of what penal systems the world over long to achieve , " she told the Australian Parliament in February . Indonesia has long taken a tough line on drug smugglers , and Widodo has made it clear he does n't intend to introduce a policy of leniency . In December , six prisoners were killed by firing squad , including five foreigners from Brazil , the Netherlands , Malawi , Nigeria and Vietnam . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff issued a statement saying the execution of one of her countrymen had "  severely affected " relations with Indonesia . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Camille Feanny and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	Australia 's Foreign Ministry lodges a complaint over the treatment of the two convicted men during a prisoner transfer A police commissioner appears in photos with the men , taken during a flight from Jakarta to Central Java Australia had offered to swap prisoners for Bali 9 death row duo , but Indonesia says there is no laws that allow for prisoner exchange Australia PM : We hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , too
CNN  Everyone knows who Chris Kyle was -- the "  American Sniper . " That may make work challenging for a small Texas county tasked with giving his accused killer , Eddie Ray Routh , a fair trial . Jury selection is set for Thursday , and an Erath County court will begin sifting through 800 hundred potential jurors , the Stephenville Empire-Tribune reported . An attorney for Routh wants the trial 's venue moved , saying a fair trial is impossible there . With a population of just under 40,000 people , the defense says it might be hard to find even a handful who : Kyle , who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history for his 160 confirmed kills in Iraq , had already risen to fame for his bestselling autobiography , "  American Sniper , " when he died on February 2 , 2013 . Kyle had taken Routh and another man to a firing range . Routh , an unemployed former Marine , was one of them . He suffered from severe PTSD . Kyle was doing charitable work to help former soldiers suffering from the psychological disorder . The other man with them was Chad Littlefield , who was Kyle 's friend . It was a Saturday , and the three men arrived at the Rough Creek Lodge , about 90 miles southwest of Dallas after 3 p.m. . The range makes up a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre resort , and the men were isolated . "  So , there was n't anybody anywhere close to that , " Sheriff Tommy Bryant said back then . There were no witnesses to the killing of Kyle and Littlefield . Less than two hours after they had arrived , a hunting guide passing by found the two victims motionless , went to the lodge and called 911 . Kyle and Littlefield were dead when officers arrived . Routh was gone , and so was Kyle 's black Ford pickup . Law enforcement put out an all-points bulletin . Routh drove up in it at his sister 's house 65 miles away , police said . She called 911 . "  I 'm terrified for my life , " she said . Routh had told her that he killed two men . "  They went out to a shooting range . Like , he 's all crazy , " Routh 's sister told authorities . "  My husband is going to talk to you , because I 'm so nervous . " Routh got back into the truck and hit the road again , police said . But he was easy to find . Officers caught up with him that evening at his home in a Dallas suburb . While talking with police , he jumped back into the truck and sped off again , police say . They gave chase and stopped him after spiking his tires . He did not struggle when they arrested him , police said . Routh 's attorney has said his client will plead not guilty by reason of insanity . Kyle learned to shoot on hunting trips with his father , then went on to serve four combat tours in Iraq with the SEALs , though his official biography notes he also worked with Army and Marine units . He received two Silver Stars and other commendations before leaving the Navy in 2009 -- claiming that , in his years as a sniper , he 'd killed more than 150 people , which he called a record for an American . He said that while killing did not come easy at first , he knew it meant saving lives . "  The first time , you 're not even sure you can do it , " he said in the interview . "  But I 'm not over there looking at these people as people . I 'm not wondering if he has a family . I 'm just trying to keep my guys safe . " Kyle 's story and the movie made from it have triggered broad enthusiasm but also drawn critics and doubts about his accounts . A sniper 's view : ` When you are bred to kill , you know ' Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Eddie Ray Routh is accused of killing Chris Kyle at an isolated outdoor firing range Kyle , Routh and Chad Littlefield had gone there to shoot
Blue Mountains , Australia  CNN  -- More than 70 wildfires -- including 29 that are uncontained -- are raging across a wide swath of Australia 's most populous state , now threatening the western suburbs of Sydney , authorities said Wednesday . "  It 's only a matter of hours before we see a flare-up in fire activity and a breach of these tenuous containment strategies , " said Shane Fitzsimmons , Rural Fire Service  RFS  commissioner , in Sydney earlier in the day . The wildfires stretch along a nearly 1,000-mile line in New South Wales , from the far north of the state south of Brisbane -- which lies just across the Queensland border -- to east of Canberra , the country 's federal capital . Fires in the Blue Mountain range west of Sydney are a particular worry as rough terrain has impeded firefighting efforts . "  If our strategies do n't work and weather materializes tomorrow that is forecast ... it could be absolutely devastating , " said Rural Fire Service  RFS  Deputy Commissioner Rob Rogers in New South Wales on Tuesday . "  We lost a couple hundred homes the other day -- we could get worse losses than that . " Wednesday is expected to be "  about as bad as it gets , " added Fitzsimmons . With high temperatures , low humidity and strong winds forecast , fire officials have urged residents to evacuate from the path of the fires . "  On days like today , minutes really matter , " Fitzsimmons said . At least one death has been reported . A 63-year-old man died of a suspected heart attack Friday while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , or ABC , reported . ` Eerie ' skies over city of Sydney Some urban areas that border the Australian bush have been devastated by the fires , which have destroyed more than 200 homes in the Blue Mountains region since Thursday . Scores of fires now have burned 25,800 hectares  310,859 acres  -- an area greater than the size of Los Angeles . On Tuesday , officials said they were bringing in 1,500 firefighters to join the more than 1,000 emergency crews already on the ground . At Blue Gum Forest inside the Blue Mountains National Park , firefighters were doing controlled burns -- setting fires in the bush ahead of the frontline of the blazes to eliminate tinder and slow the progress of the fires . Instead of cloud-shrouded mountaintops , the valleys of the region were covered with a dense layer of smoke . Fears are still high that fires could join to form a "  mega-fire " and endanger heavily populated areas of this popular natural retreat west of Sydney . Most of the firefighters in the area were volunteers who 've left their ordinary jobs to put out the fire , pouring in from different parts of Australia . "  There 's a sense of community , doing what they can -- you can get a sense of resilience , strength , and a deep sense of pride of each brigade pulling their weight , " said CNN 's Robyn Curnow , reporting from the Blue Mountains . The state of emergency issued by authorities gives firefighters and police the authority to carry out measures such as cutting off water , power and gas and ordering mandatory evacuations of areas at risk . A total fire ban is in place for the Greater Sydney region until further notice , officials have said , meaning no fire may be lit in the open , and all fire permits are suspended . The fires have spread a cloak of smog over Sydney in recent days . The bush fires in the area spread out of control Thursday amid high temperatures and powerful winds . Emergency officials said the region is emerging from a very dry winter and has had little rain in recent months . The causes of the Blue Mountains fires are still under investigation -- officials are looking into whether one major blaze was caused by a military training exercise . Police said Monday they had arrested two boys , age 11 and 15 , over two earlier bush fires in the Port Stephens area , more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  north of Sydney , that began October 13 . One of the fires they are accused of starting burned more than 5,000 hectares  12,000 acres  in the surrounding area . The 11-year-old has been placed under house arrest , charged with two counts of intentionally causing fire and being reckless as to its spread , NSW Police Force said . The child is scheduled to appear in court next month where he is expected to plead not guilty to the charges , CNN affiliate Sky News reports . CNN 's Madison Park and Jethro Mullen contributed to this story	NEW : More than 70 wildfires -- including 29 that are not contained -- are raging A line of wildfires nearly 1,000 miles long threatens the state of New South Wales , Australia High winds and temperatures threaten to make Wednesday the worst day for the blazes More than 200 homes in the Blue Mountains region west of Sydney have been destroyed
In increasingly virtual South Korea , the latest bizarre fad is watching someone eat online . Called ` muk-bang ' in Korean , which translates to ` eating broadcasts , ' online channels live-stream people eating enormous servings of food while chatting away to those who are watching . The queen of this particular phenomenon is the Diva , a waifish , pretty 33-year-old woman apparently blessed with the stomach capacity of several elephants and the metabolism of a hummingbird . Every evening around 8 p.m , several thousand viewers tune in to watch The Diva -- real name Park Seo-Yeon -- begin inhaling enough food for several college linebackers . She easily polishes off four large pizzas or three kilograms  6 lb  of beef in one sitting , albeit over the span of several hours . After she eats , she spends another two or three hours just talking to her fans , who communicate with her via a chat room which accompanies her live-stream channel . For Park , online eating is not just a niche hobby but a significant source of income -- she makes up to 10 million  $ 9,300  a month from her broadcasts alone . Her costs are also high , however . She says she spends an average of $ 3,000 per month purchasing food for her show , which she broadcasts for about four to six hours per night . Confessions of a Diva Thanks to the live chat room that accompanies her channel , feedback is instantaneous and the show interactive . Comments flood in and she reads from them in real time . "  My fans tell me that they really love watching me eat because I do so with so much gusto and make everything look so delicious , " says Park . "  A lot of my viewers are on diets and they say they live vicariously through me , or they are hospital patients who only have access to hospital food so they also watch my broadcasts to see me eat . " While it would seem that her metabolism would make her public enemy number one , some of the Diva 's biggest fans are women , and indeed her channel is more popular with women than with men , with a 60-40 ratio . "  One of the best comments I ever received from a viewer who said that she had gotten over her anorexia by watching me eat , " says Park . "  That really meant a lot to me . " She cooks about a third of the food that she eats , and the rest she has delivered . Offers of sponsorship have come in thick and fast , but she says she tests out sponsored food first and only features what she truly likes and wants to share . Her fans show their appreciation by sending her money , in the form of virtual tokens that can be cashed in . Afreeca TV , the publicly-listed social networking site that hosts her channel , allows users to buy and send virtual "  star balloons " which can be monetized after the site takes a 30-40 % commission . Any payment by viewers is purely voluntary , as all channels can be viewed for free . The service is currently limited to South Korea , although the company has plans to expand it to other countries . Cultural background The Diva 's success and the Korean eating broadcasting trend can be attributed to a number of specific cultural factors . "  We think it 's because of three big reasons -- the rise of one-person households in Korea , their ensuing loneliness and finally the huge trend of ` well-being culture ' and excessive dieting in Korean society right now , " says Afreeca TV public relations coordinator Serim An . While watching food porn on a diet may sound like masochistic torture , apparently lonely , hungry Koreans prefer to eat vicariously . Another thing , Koreans hate eating alone . "  For Koreans , eating is an extremely social , communal activity , which is why even the Korean word ` family ' means ` those who eat together , ' " says Professor Sung-hee Park of Ewha University 's Division of Media Studies . She believes its the interactive aspect of eating broadcasts that 's so appealing to these lonely hearts . Loneliness was also the catalyst for the Diva . "  So many of my friends were getting married and I was living alone and lonely and bored , " she says . "  When I first started my channel two years ago , I was showing a variety of content , from dance to outdoor activities , but it was my love of eating that really began drawing a response from fans , " says Park . The setting And then there 's the platform to make the phenomenon possible in the first place . It 's difficult to imagine the unique live-streaming online platform of Afreeca TV working as well on a daily basis anywhere other than South Korea 's extremely wired culture . With 78.5 % of the entire population on smartphones and 7 million people riding the Seoul subway network every day , Afreeca TV is becoming particularly popular with Korean commuters , given that the Seoul subway has cellphone reception and Wi-Fi , and South Korean smartphones have TV streaming capabilities . "  Our mobile users surpassed our PC users a while ago , and most of our viewers watch our content while they are on the move , " says An . The majority of Afreeca TV 's content is actually online gaming , where individual broadcasters called ` BJs '  short for Broadcast Jockeys  , stream their gaming live for others to learn from or comment on . Anyone can live-stream from any device as long as they log in . "  Eating broadcasts " began popping up around 2009 , says An , when users began to imitate celebrities ' food shows by commenting as they were eating while broadcasting . Now , of the platform 's 5,000 channels that are streaming at any given point in time , 5 % of those are eating broadcasts . Afreeca TV has a daily average viewership of 3 million . Spinning off The Diva says her success was a huge surprise , but there are still many who do n't understand the concept and are liberal with their criticism . "  I get some really awful commenters who make me reexamine ` why am I doing this again ? ' but at the end of the day the positive feedback overwhelmingly outweighs the bad , so I am happy to continue . " While Park maintained her real estate consulting day job over the past two years , she quit last week to focus more on her eating broadcasts and potential spinoff businesses , including a clothing company . When asked if she has any time for a private life , considering she broadcasts more than six hours a day every day including weekends , the answer is that she does n't need one . "  This is a lot more fun , " she says .	The Diva is an online "  eating room " where thousands watch a woman devour food Park Seo-Yeon makes more than $ 9,000 a month from online eating Reasons for the phenomenon include a rise in one-person households The interactive feature is appealing to Korean lonely hearts who hate eating alone
CNN  -- Two former World Cup champions face off Thursday in Brazil , but neither England nor Uruguay have been in dominant form lately . They both lost their first matches this year and will be hungry for a win to keep hopes alive of advancing to the knockout round of the competition . England , the 1966 champions , have lost their last two World Cup matches . Uruguay , who have won the World Cup twice , have lost their last three matches . Uruguay holds the distinction of being the only champion who did n't defend its crown . The South American nation hosted and won the 1930 tournament , but refused to participate in 1934 in Italy because the Italians did n't show up four years earlier . It 's already clear that the defending champions this year will not be repeating their triumph . Spain , the dominant national team in European and world football for most of the past decade , crashed out of the World Cup in shocking style Wednesday night , with a 2-0 loss to Chile that makes it impossible for the title holders to advance to the knockout stage of the tournament . It was a surprise result , but arguably not an unusual one : The Spanish are the fifth defending champions to be eliminated in the group stage of the World Cup . That 's more than a quarter of all title holders ever to to try to repeat . It 's more common for a defending champ not to make it to the knockout stage than to win the World Cup twice in a row . Champions who went out early : Italy : Won in 1938 , eliminated in 1950  there were no World Cups in between because of World War II Brazil : won in 1962 , eliminated in 1966 France : won in 1998 , eliminated in 2002 Italy : won in 2006 , eliminated in 2010 Spain : won in 2010 , eliminated in 2014 Spain 's 5-1 loss to the Netherlands in their first match this year is the worst defeat ever suffered by a defending champion . On the other hand , Chile 's goalkeeper , Claudio Bravo , now jointly leads the World Cup in saves , with 9 . Maty Ryan of Australia and Charles Itandje of Cameroon are the others . Champions who repeated : Italy : 1934 and 1938 Brazil : 1958 and 1962 World Cup schedule of matches CNN 's Aleks Klosok and Manuela Lanza contributed to this report .	NEW : Two former World Cup champions face off against each other on Thursday NEW : Both England and Uruguay are on losing streaks and need a victory It 's more common for defending champs to lose early than to repeat victories Spain become the fifth World Cup title holders to crash out early
We all know Tarzan , but Edgar Rice Burroughs ' first literary creation , "  John Carter , " not so much . In fact , Carter 's only previous movie credit is 2009 's "  A Princess of Mars , " starring Traci Lords  Antonio Sabato Jr. was Carter  . In this mega-budget Disney sci-fi romp he 's played by "  Friday Night Lights " discovery Taylor Kitsch as a kind of Buck Rogers prototype . This "  John Carter " is a 19th century Virginian ex-Confederate captain who seems mildly perplexed to be transported from an Arizona cave to Mars , or Barsoom , as the locals call it . The geology -- and the atmosphere -- are not so different from where he came from , but Carter is bewildered to find he seems to have forgotten how to walk ; the gravitational pull is so much weaker on Mars , he spends several minutes flopping about in the dirt . It 's the kind of purely visual gag that is former Pixar director Andrew Stanton 's forte , a reminder of the slapstick interstellar mayhem he brought to "  WALL-E " , and a welcome early signal that he 's not going to let "  John Carter " succumb to the stuffy allegorical earnestness of "  Avatar . " This is a movie comfortable with its own absurdity . At the same time , Stanton 's not going for camp , either -- there 's not even the faintest trace of Freddie Mercury 's "  Flash Gordon " style mock rock operatics in Michael Giacchino 's symphonic score  more 's the pity  . With its Victorian flying machines , Western fixtures and archaeological fascination with runes and ruin , "  John Carter " is a curious mash-up of antique pulp and cutting edge CGI spectacle -- though that is n't such an unusual combination these days , when digital effects increasingly take us away from the realism that dominated movies for the latter part of the 20th century . It 's not a trend that critics seem particularly happy about , but more and more our blockbusters are assuming the imaginative freedom that you find in animation . Filmmakers are bending the laws of physics just for the joy of it . When John Carter has finally found his feet he realizes he can leap great distances in a single bound -- there 's literally a spring in his step . As superpowers go , this one smacks more of Looney Tunes than Marvel  even though it 's enough to encourage Barsoom 's three warring tribes to think he might tilt the balance one way or the other  . "  John Carter " cast talks to iReport Elsewhere , Stanton 's design seems under the spell of the enchanting anime movies of Studio Ghibli master Hayao Miyazaki  "  Spirited Away , " "  Howl 's Moving Castle "  : There 's an insatiable city that moves like a crab on legs that pump away like oil wells , a blue-tongued dino-dog scuttles after Carter at the speed of a cannonball and scheming mystical spirits shapeshift at will . Willem Dafoe and Samantha Morton are among the actors impersonating the film 's most compelling creations , the Tharks : giant green vertebrates with boar-like tusks , four arms and a penchant for cruel and unusual punishment . Stanton and his co-writers Mark Andrews and novelist Michael Chabon create a reasonably coherent and absorbing alien anthropology for the Tharks , but the humanoid tribes are generally less interesting , with the partial exception of Lynn Collins ' Helium princess , Dejah Thoris , who is permitted to be self-centered and deceitful as well as feisty and intelligent  and never once speaks in a high-pitched squeak  . Mind you , it 's not all good . The movie 's plot construction is rickety ; the opening is needlessly confusing , and the heavies ' political machinations did n't make much sense that I could see . Yes , too , it 's another movie pitched overwhelmingly at teenagers . Whether they 're prepared to take innocent hokum at face value we will know soon enough , but for all its flaws this is an altogether more idiosyncratic and personable blockbuster than your typical corporate popcorn fodder .	Taylor Kitsch is a kind of Buck Rogers prototype in "  John Carter " This is a movie comfortable with its own absurdity The movie 's plot construction is rickety ; the opening is needlessly confusing
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  -- A dog 's life is fairly easy . It usually involves waking up late , eating some food and then passing out for eight hours in the backyard . I 've tried it a few times , myself . Was n't disappointed . The rest of a dog 's day is generally spent whizzing on various plants and mindlessly staring at things that pass by the house . Again , I 've dabbled in the lifestyle . And I approve . But there 's this one dog in Charleston , South Carolina , who just seems to have it better than most . And I recently got to meet her . I first learned of Belle when I saw a popular picture of her on the website Reddit . It was posted in a section called "  aww " that is dedicated to all things cute and adorable -- puppies , bunnies , Canadians doing Canadian things in Canada . The photo showed Belle staring out from under a gate , and the title read : Waiting for his family to return in Charleston , SC -LSB- OC -RSB- . It got dozens of comments . In Reddit parlance , -LSB- OC -RSB- means Original Content , which is to say the individual who posted the image actually created it . This was helpful when it came to tracking down the whereabouts of this dog  who we now know is actually a female  . You see , I was going to Charleston over Thanksgiving and was looking for a pointless adventure -- something that would take me to a particular part of town I may not have otherwise seen . And I figured trying to find this dog from Reddit was as good enough an adventure as any . So , I messaged the guy who took the photograph and learned that his name is Carlos Morales , 31 , of Gainesville , Florida . Carlos and his girlfriend , Nia Haynes , were driving home from vacation and decided to stop and spend the night in Charleston . While wandering around the historic neighborhoods near The Battery , Carlos stumbled upon Belle . "  He seemed like the kind of dog quite used to this routine , " Carlos wrote me . "  But not anxious about his family returning . Just slightly forlorn . " Carlos did n't know the exact location of the house , but he sent me a link to an approximate street view on Google Maps . Eventually , I sorted out the actual address on my own , thus exhausting my brain 's entire lifetime supply of deductive reasoning . I treated myself to a nap . Finally , on the Saturday after Thanksgiving , I walked up to Belle 's house and knocked on the old door leading into the courtyard . Mind you , this kind of bold , unsolicited introduction is the kind of thing you can do when you 're a serious journalist hoping to write a fluff piece on somebody 's dog . Otherwise , it 's sort of creepy . Though , to be fair , even with my CNN business card in hand , it was still probably kind of creepy . I 'm a mouth breather . Nevertheless , Frank Barnwell politely greeted me at the door along with Belle , who was carrying a boot in her mouth . It was Frank 's boot . Which is to say , it was now Belle 's . Her official name is Belle de la LumiÃ ¨ re . In French that translates to Belle of the Light . I learned she was actually born on New Year 's Eve 2002 , just around the corner from Frank 's home . This year she turns 11 . And speaking of 11 , that was the exact number of yellow lab puppies in her litter . Belle was the runt . Frank 's daughter , Sally , was friends with one of the children who lived around the corner from where Belle was born . The mother of the friend called up Frank 's wife and said , "  I hate to tell you this , but Sally 's fallen in love with one of our puppies . " Frank says , "  We knew our goose was cooked . " And right as he told me this , just like clockwork , Sally suddenly emerged through the courtyard door , returning from a jog . Sally , a history student at the University of Virginia , remembers first meeting Belle , and that most of the puppies were named after characters from the hit TV show , "  Friends . " Which , sadly , means somebody out there has a dog named Ross . But when the breeders ran out of "  Friends " characters , they started using Disney names . Belle , being the runt , was originally called Tinker Bell . And names are important . If you 've ever adopted a dog you know how influential they can be . My dog is Mikey , and when I first found him online and saw his name , I figured it was a sign . I 'm a big fan of the band Widespread Panic , and their late guitarist also went by Mikey . Clearly , it was meant to be . Of course , Mikey  my dog  was also really cute . So , at the time , I pretty much could 've justified any name . "  This is Polio . " "  I 'll take him . " But Belle seems to fit this particular dog quite nicely , and these days she spends most of her time in the courtyard of the historic 200-year-old house , looking out at tourists walking down the street . It 's pretty much her job . And , though she only recently earned a bit of Internet fame on Reddit , it 's certainly not the first time Belle has come under the lens . Frank says , "  Literally almost every day I see somebody taking a picture of her with her nose under the gate . " In the South of Broad neighborhood of Charleston , Belle is sort of a big deal . Everybody knows her , and she 's an important member of the community . In fact , Belle recently escaped from the yard during the annual Turkey Day Run 5K , and , just like a local , simply joined all the joggers running down King Street . Another time , she got out of the yard and spent the entire day riding around in a pedicab . "  The guy had her in the back and was trying to figure out where she belonged , " Sally remembers . "  I do n't think she wanted to come back . She made a friend . " Frank chimes in , "  Belle likes all dogs and most people . " Just do n't take her boot . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Carlos Morales posted a popular picture of a dog on Reddit Bellini set out to find this dog in Charleston , South Carolina Frank Barnwell and his daughter Sally tell CNN about their dog , Belle
Financial Times  -- Eurozone governments are looking to the European Central Bank and national central banks to help pare back the cost of a second rescue package for Greece which would otherwise amount to $ 170bn . Figures seen by the Financial Times reveal Greece needs $ 136bn in fresh bail-out funding from the European Union and International Monetary Fund -- in addition to the $ 34bn left over from Greece 's first bail-out . This is $ 6bn more than EU leaders agreed in October . Germany , the Netherlands and Finland have insisted on paying no more than $ 130bn . Eurozone finance ministers , who meet in Brussels on Monday to hammer out a deal to save Greece from default , hope the ECB can contribute by forgoing some of the future profits it would earn on its Greek bondholdings , which it has said it is willing to do . Senior officials said they would also discuss a possible contribution from eurozone national central banks whose bondholdings could be included in a $ 200bn debt restructuring to be launched alongside the bail-out . Q&A : Is Greece facing a disorderly default ? A central bank contribution would help the eurozone and IMF to keep their contribution to $ 130bn . It would also reduce Greece 's ratio of public debt to gross domestic product in 2020 closer to the 120 per cent the IMF deems sustainable , permitting it to take part in a second rescue . In a conference call on Sunday evening , eurozone finance ministry officials were still debating the terms of debt restructuring -- including whether to force more losses on private bondholders -- and how to bring down the size of the total bail-out . But senior officials said they believed a deal would be reached at a meeting of eurozone finance ministers on Monday in Brussels . "  I do n't think there is a majority to go a different way because a different way is enormously arduous and costs lots and lots of money , " Maria Fekter , the Austrian finance minister , told local television . Pressure from the US and emerging market countries to restrict the IMF 's exposure led to the lower contribution , according to officials familiar with the negotiations . Greece has already borrowed far more relative to its own financial contribution to the IMF than any other crisis loan recipient in the IMF 's history . The IMF portion of the new package , which will be added to the remaining $ 10bn in IMF commitments from the first Greek bail-out , will be converted into a lending programme with a repayment period of up to 10 years rather than the five years under the current loan . The $ 170.5 bn rescue package does not include $ 35bn that will be set aside temporarily to ensure Greek banks can fund themselves when Athens is ruled in "  selective default " after the restructuring . The new bail-out includes $ 35.5 bn for private bondholders as part of the debt restructuring . Of that , $ 30bn is expected to come in a direct payment to bondholders in cash or bonds issued by the eurozone 's rescue fund in exchange for writing off $ 100bn in Greek debt . The remaining $ 5.5 bn is interest payments still owed on existing bonds , though officials are considering cutting that amount . Opinion polls in Greece show the two big mainstream parties -- centre-left Pasok and centre-right New Democracy -- continued to suffer ahead of April elections because of their support of tough austerity measures accompanying the bail-out . Support for New Democracy dropped to 24 per cent or lower in three new polls , with Pasok showing only at best 14 per cent -- meaning the two parties , the only to explicitly support the bail-out 's terms , would not have a majority in a new parliament . François Baroin , French finance minister , said on Monday morning that all the elements for an agreement were in place . "  All the elements are in place ... both with the bankers , private sector creditors , and public sector creditors , the states and central banks , " he told Europe 1 radio . Though senior European officials said figures were still being negotiated , the IMF contribution to the new rescue will be far lower than originally anticipated . The figures show the IMF will only contribute $ 13bn to the second bail-out , far less than the one-third lent in the Irish , Portuguese and first Greek bail-outs . "  The IMF is expected to be stingy , " said one senior European official . Additional reporting by Kerin Hope in Athens © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Eurozone governments want the European Central Bank to help ease cost of Greek rescue package The Financial Times reports that Greece needs $ 136 billion in fresh bail-out funds Eurozone ministers are meeting in Brussels on Monday to negotiate a deal to prevent a Greek default
CNN  -- Mother Nature provided a little bit of everything in several parts of the country on Saturday . Vehicles jam a buckled road in Mobile , Alabama , on Saturday after heavy rains . Heavy winds wreaked havoc on a shopping center in central Tennessee , blowing out windows and damaging the roof , Murfreesboro police spokesman Kyle Evans told CNN Radio . Glass storefronts at the Jackson Heights Shopping Center were blown out 100 to 150 yards into the parking lot , Evans said . Evans said three people were treated for minor injuries from flying glass and metal . Residents in northwest Murfreesboro lost power Saturday night and police warned residents to stay indoors until traffic caused by the incident cleared up . Elsewhere , a blizzard dumped more than 2 feet of snow in parts of the Plains on Saturday . The blizzard cut power , stranding drivers and prompting governors in Kansas and Oklahoma to issue disaster declarations . The heaviest snow and ice accumulated in south central and southwest Kansas . In Pratt County , 28 inches of snow fell , with snowdrifts reported up to 6 feet deep . At least nine other counties reported 2 feet of snow , the Kansas Adjutant General 's office said . About 17,000 customers in Kansas lost electricity , more than half of those in Sedgwick County . The storm left some travelers stranded and in need of last-minute hotel accommodations , according to the front desk manager at the Econolodge in McPherson . "  We have two honeymoon suites open , but other than that we 're fully booked . We normally have 84 rooms , " iReporter Sally Kelley said . The housekeepers who made it to work were all outside shoveling , but they struggled to keep up with the snow as it continued falling Saturday afternoon . "  We have n't had people getting mad at us . The people have been great but I think they 're really frustrated . " The state Adjutant General 's office said whiteout conditions and blowing snow made driving hazardous . The Kansas Department of Transportation shut down several roads in the western and south central part of the state . National Guard Humvees were used to move medical personnel and patients to a hospital in Seward County . In Oklahoma , where more than a foot of snow fell , Gov. Brad Henry declared a state of emergency in 50 counties . The state Department of Transportation had several roads blocked in the state and others remained impassable . "  The only people who can get out of their driveways have 4-wheel drive , " said iReporter Mark Rennie of Alva , Oklahoma . Meanwhile , rain along the Gulf Coast battered areas around Mobile , Alabama , and Biloxi , Mississippi . Watch how the rain is blocking roads in Mobile , Alabama " Mobile County Emergency Management Director Walter Dickerson said 4 to 6 inches of rain fell on already saturated ground . Fifteen to 20 roads around Mobile were closed , and several people had to be rescued after flash flooding trapped their cars . In Mobile , heavy rains caused a section of roadway to collapse . Three cars ended up in a large sinkhole , including one vehicle that landed on top of another . No serious injuries were reported . Dickerson said a temporary shelter may be opened for residents displaced by the high waters . In nearby Baldwin County , Alabama , an apartment complex was evacuated and some main roads were closed . The main roadway leading into Biloxi , the Interstate 10 loop , was closed for several hours early Saturday before waters receded and allowed traffic to resume . But more than a dozen other roads around Harrison County remained blocked . Roads were also impassable in some parts of the Florida Panhandle . Officials in the Atlanta , Georgia , metro area , which was under flood watches and warnings , were keeping an eye on surging rivers and creeks .	Strong winds damage Tennessee shopping center Blizzard drops more than 2 feet of snow , strands travelers in Kansas , Oklahoma Mobile , Alabama , and Biloxi , Mississippi , regions hardest hit by rain
CNN  -- Charl Schwartzel stayed on course to achieve his first win since claiming the 2011 U.S. Masters crown as he took a four-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Championship Friday . The South African shot a seven under par 65 for a 14 under par 130 total at Amata Spring Country Club . Daniel Chopra of Sweden carded a 67 for second place with Japan 's Masanori Kobayashi a shot further back . Rising Japanese star Ryo Ishikawa shot a fine 66 for 136 while this year 's Masters champion Bubba Watson of the United States and Spain 's Sergio Garcia were in the group on 138 . Schwartzel is hopeful of ending his 20-month victory drought , particularly as he has found form on the putting green . "  It is still a long way to go . It 's half the job done . From my side , I just have to keep playing , " he told the official European Tour website . "  I 've been reading them  putts  well . The stroke feels good . I 've gone through a long two years where I 've missed a lot of putts . A few goes in , it 's nice . " Ryder Cup star Garcia had three birdies in his last five holes to take closer order in a high class field . "  I 'm in a decent position , " he said . Meanwhile , Marcus Fraser carded a second straight three-under-par in the Australian Open in Sydney to take a one-shot lead at halfway . The home hope leads fellow Australians Brendan Jones  71  and first-round leader John Senden , who were tied for second at The Lakes . In-form Englishman Justin Rose was in a group tied for fifth at three under going into the weekend , while American legend Tom Watson carded a superb 68 Friday to make the cut by a stroke . Watson is on the same mark as defending champion Greg Chalmers , who slipped back with a second round 75 . The opening event of the 2013 European Tour , the inaugural Nelson Mandela Championship , has yet to get underway at Royal Durban in South Africa . Heavy rainfall left the course flooded for the second straight day but organizers hope to get the delayed event started Saturday . In the Dubai Ladies Masters , the concluding event of the Ladies European Tour , China 's Shanshan Feng continued to lead the way after the third round . She carded a 67 for 18-under-par at the Emirates Golf Club , but Dutch woman Dewi Claire Schreefel made inroads into her lead with a tournament record 63 to trail by five . France 's Gwladys Nocera was a shot back at 12-under , one ahead of Germany 's Caroline Masson and Cindy Lacrosse of the United States .	South African Charl Schwartzel leads at halfway in Thailand Championship Marcus Fraser a shot clear in Australian Open in Sydney Nelson Mandela Championship in South Africa hit by flooding China 's Shanshan Feng leads after three rounds of Dubai Ladies Masters
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least seven Iraqis were killed and 23 wounded when a bomb exploded near a Shiite holy shrine in northern Baghdad on Wednesday morning , an Interior Ministry official said . The Imam Musa al-Kadhim shrine in Baghdad , Iraq , seen in 2007 , is holy to Shiite Muslims . The bomb detonated near the Imam Musa al-Kadhim shrine in the Kadhimiya district , the official said . The Kadhimiya shrine is one of the holiest shrines for Shiite Muslims around the world . On Tuesday , a parked car bomb killed at least nine people and wounded more than a dozen others , also in Kadhimiya . This is the third straight day of deadly attacks in the capital , striking mostly Shiite areas . On Monday , seven bombings in Baghdad left at least 32 people killed and more than 130 wounded . Iraqi officials have warned that they expect a rise in attacks . The country 's president and his deputies urged security forces to intensify their efforts to secure the country . The government has blamed the ousted Baath party and al Qaeda in Iraq for Monday 's attacks , saying they were meant to create sectarian divisions . The U.S. military also pointed the finger at al Qaeda . "  The nature of the attacks and targets are consistent with past al Qaeda in Iraq attacks . We see this as coordinated attack by terrorists against predominantly Shia targets that they gauge as vulnerable to instigate sectarian violence , " the U.S. military said .	Three days of attacks in mainly Shiite areas of Baghdad leave dozens dead Bomb near revered Shiite shrine of Imam Musa al-Kadhim kills 7 on Wednesday Parked car bomb in same area of Baghdad kills at least 9 people on Tuesday At least 32 killed on Monday in seven bombings around Iraqi capital
It 's largely devoid of human life , dark and viciously cold at times and frequently subject to dangerous levels of geological volatility -- the Arctic is surely the worst possible destination for an arts festival . That has n't put off the organizers of SALT -- an event aimed at bringing entertainment to remote regions while showcasing the bleak but beautiful landscapes to new audiences . If that does n't sound tough enough -- the event is due to last for eight years . And it gets underway as winter approaches . "  Ninety percent of festivals are in the summer when the weather is hopefully nice , " says Erlend Mogard-Larsen , a veteran festival organizer who , with Norwegian curator Helga-Marie Nordby , is SALT 's driving force . "  We 're interested in the possibilities across the year in these regions , especially when the light dwindles in December . We want to use nature to make this event . " Nordby says the festival is an attempt to explore the "  Arctic state of mind " using landscapes as a gateway into local lifestyles . The program features performances from the Arctic Philharmonic Orchestra , Norwegian DJ Are Mokkelbost , and Ensemble Ylajali , a female vocal group from Bodo , Norway . The headline act -- at least until February 2015 -- is an outdoor film installation by Chinese filmmaker and artist Yang Fudong , the first of what Nordby hopes will be numerous international contributions . Supersized sauna Although SALT kicks off on August 29 on Sandhornoya Island , in northern Norway , just as the last warmth of summer evaporates , the festival has a steamy secret weapon up its sleeve . It 'll debut "  Amfi , " a giant insulated amphitheater that will host film screenings , seminars and larger concerts . When the weather gets particularly rough , the facility transforms into a sauna , releasing enough sweltering heat for 120 people . SALT will spend a year on Sandhornoya before moving to destinations including Greenland , Alaska , Ireland , Scotland , the Faroe Islands and Iceland . Wooden structures have already begun to populate the island . Along a two-kilometer beach strip , colossal fish racks mirroring the region 's age-old trading culture will double as a performance arenas for artists . Festival-goers will also be invited to exchange their tents with a "  njalla , " a tiny mobile hut kitted out with a glass roof to view the northern lights . Instead of the usual festival unhealthy fast food selection , there 'll be fresh fish and ethically sourced meat . Well-equipped cabins Nordby says one of SALT 's goals is to show participants how the Arctic 's peripatetic population has traditionally lived in harmony with its environment . "  Nature is quite vulnerable in these regions and this was of course the knowledge that the nomads had , " she says . "  Their way of living was really about ` living with this ' and using nature in a very sustainable and careful way . " Of course , unlike festival-goers , these nomads were n't residing in cabins equipped with comfy bunks and wood-burning stoves . "  The idea behind the project is to embrace the philosophy of movement here , when we are moving around to Greenland , Iceland or wherever we are going , we want make as few footprints as possible , " says Nordby . "  People living up here have always brought their houses and belongings with them on a constant basis -- they had to move , " says Mogard-Larsen . "  It 's actually very hard to see the people who have been living here ... footprints are few . " The roughness of the weather coupled with the scenery 's beauty make for an experience that 's sure to astound and revitalize bored metropolitans -- provided their huts do n't get blown to pieces . Nordby says that city dwellers can learn a lot from the living conditions of Arctic territories . She says that swapping their worlds of dwindling leisure time and excessive working hours for lands where elk and deer populations far exceed humans will help them gain a new sense of perspective . "  Most of us who live in big cities have this feeling of fragmentation , this loss of something to hold on to , " she says . "  When you reach this beach and come to this place ... there is something happening with you , you get the feeling that you 're part of something so much bigger than yourself . " The SALT festival comes at a particularly significant time for the Arctic . Several countries are eyeing the untapped resources that lie dormant under its mounds of ice and rocky land , while climate change is affecting the region at twice the rate of the rest of the world . Climate fluctuation Trekking across Norway throughout 2011 and 2012 , Nordby and Mogard-Larsen were astounded by the climate 's fluctuations . Nordby recalls the sensitive landscapes . "  When it comes to climate change and environmental challenges you can see this very clearly in the Arctic . We have these huge ice mountains that are melting , every year huge parts of these areas are gone , " she says . "  We also see it in the extreme weather -- northern Norway is usually quite rough in the summer season , but now , it 's been 30 degrees  86F  almost all summer . It 's crazy , it should n't be 30 degrees up here ! " The pair say the planet 's northern reaches act as a true barometer for global warming , and as the region is exposed to a wider audience , its changing landscape wo n't be so easily ignored . "  The way we live today across the world means that we 're shortening the future , " says Nordby . "  This landscape is reminding us of something that we need to be reminded of . " SALT Festival will debut on the island of Sandhornoya , Norway , running from August 29 , 2014 to September 6 , 2015 .	SALT Festival to kick off on the Norwegian island of Sandhornoya from August 29 Organizers hope the eight-year event will draw attention to the beauty and fragility of Arctic region Events will move from Norway to Greenland , the Faroe Islands and Alaska
ILULISSAT , Greenland  CNN  -- From the air , Greenland 's ice sheet , the second largest on Earth , appears to be perfectly still . A boat sails by an iceberg floating in the Jacobshavn Bay near the town of Ilulissat , Greenland . But below the surface , the ice sheet is in constant motion , as ice built up in the interior pushes toward the coast in the form of massive glaciers . During warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean . It 's an age-old process that scientists say has sped up in recent decades because of global warming . The fear is that melting ice from Greenland and other Arctic areas could cause sea levels to rise enough to flood low-lying cities , such as Shanghai , China , and New York City , displacing millions of people in the process . A recent report from the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , made up of scientists from around the world , estimates the sea level rise by 2100 could be as much as 1 1/2 feet . "  That sea level rise is only based on melt from ice sheets , and does not include a new fast flow of ice we have detected in Greenland that is generating additional icebergs , " said Dr. Konrad Steffen , a climate scientist with the University of Colorado , Boulder . Watch how greenhouse gases cause temperatures to rise " Steffen estimates sea levels could rise three feet over the next century , a stark prediction that could wreak havoc around the world if it comes to pass . Greenland holds enough ice to cause sea levels to rise 23 feet if the entire ice sheet melted , a development few scientists expect to happen anytime soon . But global sea levels have been rising at the rate of three millimeters per year since 1993 . For each of the past 17 years , Steffen has spent one month at a remote research site called Swiss Camp , located 300 miles north of the Arctic Circle in Greenland . He monitors the changing ice sheet through a network of global positioning systems and weather stations , which have recorded a dramatic rise in temperatures since the mid-1990s . "  When we came here in 1990 , the first two , three years were actually colder than normal . Then in 1994 , 1995 , it started to warm steadily and since then , we 've had a temperature increase during the winter months of 4.5 degrees centigrade , 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit , which is very large , the largest temperature increase on earth , " he said . The rising temperatures feed what scientists call a "  positive feedback loop . " As the air warms , it melts ice on the sea and snow on land . This exposes more water and land to the sun . Those surfaces in turn absorb more of the sun 's heat , leading to more snow melt and ice melt . "  When you look at our satellite analysis , we can see the melt area of Greenland over 30 years has increased by 30 percent , " Steffen said . Despite all the changes in Greenland , this is not the first time temperatures have risen on the world 's largest island . During the 1920s and 1930s , there was a significant warming trend that occurred without the level of man-made greenhouse gases recorded in our atmosphere today . The majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are the chief cause of global warming . The fact Greenland has warmed before leads some scientists to question how worried we should be about the current warming trend . Dr. Patrick Michaels , a climatologist , is part of a small group of climate change skeptics . He said Greenland 's warm past did n't cause the ice sheet to disappear . "  Well , this happened for 50 years in the early 20th century , and it happened for a millennium after the end of the last ice age , " he said . "  And the ice did n't shed off it . " But Dr. Jay Zwally , a climate scientist with NASA , said he thinks the latest trend is different . "  The current warming trend in Greenland is very extensive and is not likely to be explained by natural variability alone , " he said . Zwally said the warming is consistent with scientific predictions about the effects of man-made greenhouse gases . Last year , satellite data collected by NASA scientists revealed Greenland is losing 100 billion tons of ice each year , more than it is gaining from snowfall in the interior . Steffen and others have also detected a new , faster movement of the ice sheet , causing the glaciers to dump more ice into the ocean , where it melts and contributes to sea-level rise . Part of this faster flow is caused by moulins , deep holes in the ice sheet that allow water to flow beneath the surface . "  During the summer months , as the ice sheet melts , large running rivers of melt water snake down through the ice , to the bedrock base below , " Steffen said . Last year , researchers lowered a camera into a moulin to explore the depth and flow of the melt water . Once the melt water from the surface reaches the bedrock below the ice , it can lift the ice sheet and provide a layer of viscosity for the ice to move faster toward the sea , a process that could accelerate as Greenland continues to warm . Steffen hopes his prediction of a three-foot rise in global sea level by 2100 wo n't become a reality . But he warned that even if we are able to reduce the world 's carbon output from cars and power plants , it will take a long time for Earth 's climate to stop warming and seas to stop rising . "  Even if we reduce our carbon dioxide output , the climate will continue to warm , " he said . "  So even by stopping the increase of carbon dioxide today , we will have a warming , we will have sea level increase . " E-mail to a friend	Greenland 's ice melt area increased 30 % in 30 years , one scientist says The island is now losing more ice each year than it gains from new snow This melting ice is causing sea levels to rise around the world Scientists fear low-lying areas could be flooded if seas continue to rise
CNNMoney  -- Here 's one way to make your iPhone hacker-proof : Ask hackers for advice . I recently caught up with security researchers at the online security conference Infiltrate . At dinner one evening , I placed my iPhone on the table . I was surrounded by ethical hackers whose jobs are to find vulnerabilities before the bad guys and exploit security flaws . "  I could hack your phone pretty easily , " security researcher Tomi Tuominen mentioned . Obviously , I took notice . For the next 20 minutes , Tuominen and information security researcher Robert Lee gave me a tutorial on making my iPhone settings hacker-proof . Some of them are basic -- like changing your four character password to something more complex . Others take a bit more work , such as using settings to limit ad tracking . For more tips , check out the video .	Hackers give advice on how to protect your iPhone Tips came at the Infiltrate security conference
CNN  I do n't know what a "  real woman " is supposed to look like . Everybody keeps telling me Cindy Crawford -- who always looked unreal -- is suddenly "  real " because an unretouched photo of her leaked on Twitter . I 'm sure you , like millions of others , have seen it by now . In the picture , Crawford is posing and rocking a feathery thing in what looks like her underwear . And , wow , she does n't look perfect . She still looks gorgeous , but OMG she 's flawed . The image came from a photo shoot from 2013 with Marie Claire Mexico and Latin America . The U.S. edition of Marie Claire is thrilled . "  No matter where the photo came from , it 's an enlightenment -- we 've always known Crawford was beautiful , but seeing her like this only makes us love her more . " Oh , Marie Claire -- how big of you ! We all know you do n't actually believe real women sell magazines . Sadly , Crawford 's husband does n't seem to think so either . Shortly after that unaltered picture of Crawford hit the Internet , Rande Gerber shared a picture of his bikini-clad wife lounging by the pool . No age spots in that photo . Girl looked 25 . I must admit it was refreshing , though , to read the many , many comments from women around the world taking comfort in the imperfect Cindy . Vickie wrote on my Facebook page : "  This is how all Mom 's look . A little pouch tummy , tan lines , flawed skin , and we still look great . Seeing this makes me feel better about how I look . It 's a shame "  beauty " mags have to alter these kinds of pics at all . " Vickie , I hear you loud and clear , but you 've gone mad ! I do n't know about you , but the first time I picked up Seventeen Magazine at the age of 12 , I realized I was way too chubby and my skin already looked like leather . When I graduated to the high fashion magazines , I discovered my body had to look unreal to be sexy . It still does . Why do you think that photo of Kim Kardashian-with-a-glass-of-champagne-on-her-rear almost broke the Internet ? Besides , a good chunk of Americans deride what 's real . The National Enquirer loves to regale us with truly awful pictures of stars with cellulite , back fat and dark roots . And the captions underneath do n't say , "  Wow , ai n't she sexy ! " Try googling "  unretouched photo " and see what you get . A veritable potpourri of supposedly unaltered photos of Madonna , Lady Gaga , Mariah Carey and even Justin Bieber .  That 's my fave -- the re-toucher enhanced his , um , attribute . Opinion : Is Crawford 's cellulite photo empowering ? Some magazines are trying . Like Sports Illustrated . Recently it featured an impossibly slender , busty , hairless woman with her pants down on its cover , but inside -- and SI says this is historic -- there is a "  real " woman . And , by that , SI means , "  plus-sized . " As Deadspin so wonderfully put it : "  SI Nobly Accepts Ad Money To Put Normal-Sized Woman In Swimsuit Issue . " Hmmm , maybe next year SI will put her on the cover . I would n't bet the farm on that one . Perhaps the most honest assessment of the whole Cindy Crawford uproar came from a co-worker who shall remain nameless . She told me her eyes went directly to Crawford 's stomach and then to her sun-damaged skin . In other words , she noticed Crawford 's flaws first and fixated on them , just as she fixates on her own flaws every morning when she looks into the mirror . I do it , too . And that 's the thing , right ? Those retouched photos that we 're accustomed to seeing have invaded women 's psyches and held us up to impossibly unrealistic standards . So it was a moment of surprise and relief that when I showed that unaltered picture of Cindy Crawford to my husband . He did n't notice her flaws . He simply said , "  Wow , she looks great ! " No wonder I love him .	Carol Costello : We all know that real women wo n't be able to sell magazines While people are praising Cindy Crawford 's unaltered photo , the truth is that retouched photos wo n't go away
CNN  -- Danish driver Allan Simonsen died in a high-speed crash at the famous Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race , organizers said Saturday . Simonsen , 34 , one of the most experienced sports car drivers in the world , was competing for Aston Martin in the GTE-Am class . He was at the wheel -- less than 10 minutes into the race -- when his car left the circuit on the Tertre Rouge corner and crashed heavily into the safety barriers . Simonsen was immediately treated at the scene before being taken to the circuit 's medical center where he died shortly afterwards , officials said . "  The Automobile Club de l'Ouest wishes to express its great sadness following this incident , and extends its deepest condolences to the family and those close to Allan Simonsen , " read a statement . Simonsen was competing for the seventh time in the Le Mans 24-race and his teammates were fellow Danes Christoffer Nygaard and Kristian Poulsen . The trio had won their class in the season opener for the World Endurance Championship at Silverstone and claimed pole position for Le Mans in their category in qualifying earlier this week . After the accident , the race was halted for an hour before resuming with Simonsen 's Aston Martin teammates -- they have five entries -- still racing despite the tragedy . "  At the specific request of his family , the team will continue to participate in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in tribute to Allan , " read a statement on the official Aston Martin Racing website . "  On behalf of all of us at Aston Martin Racing , I would like to extend our deepest sympathies and condolences to the individuals , and families whose friends or loved ones were involved in today 's terrible tragedy , " said the team 's managing director John Gaw . Formula One star Jenson Button gave his reaction on Twitter : "  Allan Simonsen RIP.such a tragic loss . A true fighter & a true racer . Safety is something we need 2 improve on in Motorsport . " This year 's Le Mans marks the 90th anniversary of the race and its 81st edition on the Circuit de la Sarthe , which is situated two hours south west of of the French capital Paris .	Fatality at Le Mans 24-hour endurance race Danish driver Allan Simonsen dies after high speed crash Simonsen was driving an Aston Martin His team had been in pole position in the GTE-AM class at Le Mans
CNN  -- Although it has been over for nearly a year now , the war in Iraq continued to be a flash point in Monday night 's debate between President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . "  You say that you 're not interested in duplicating what happened in Iraq , " said Obama , a Democrat who opposed the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . "  But just a few weeks ago , you said you think we should have more troops in Iraq right now . ... You said that we should still have troops in Iraq to this day . " But Romney , who supported the invasion , said Obama wanted to keep U.S. troops there longer -- he just could n't get the Iraqis to go along . Fact Check : Comparing costs of Iraq , Libya missions "  There was an effort on the part of the president to have a Status of Forces Agreement , and I concurred in that , and said that we should have some number of troops that stayed on , " Romney said . "  You thought it should have been 5,000 troops , " he told Obama . "  I thought there should have been more troops , but you know what ? The answer was we got no troops through whatsoever . " Since the nearly nine-year war remains controversial back home , CNN is taking a closer look at both candidates ' claims . The facts : The Status of Forces Agreement signed between the United States and Iraq in 2008 called for U.S. troops to withdraw from Iraqi cities by 2009 and be out of the country entirely by the end of 2011 . Obama opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq while still a state legislator in Illinois and ran for president on a platform of ending that war . But with the 2011 deadline nearing , his administration -- which took office after the agreement was signed -- tried to make arrangements with Iraq to keep between 3,000 and 5,000 Americans in the country to help train Iraqi security forces . Fact Check : Obama 's apology tour ? "  If they want the benefits of what we can provide , if they want the assistance , if they want the training , if they want the operational skills that we can provide , then I think they have to understand that they 've got to give us some protections in that process , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said in October 2011 . Those talks failed when the Iraqis refused to grant legal immunity for U.S. troops , and the last U.S. convoy left Iraq in December 2011 . Obama touted that as a promise kept , saying Americans would be leaving "  with their heads held high . " The president also has touted that as a promise kept during his re-election campaign . But Romney has consistently criticized the Obama administration for its failure to reach a deal with the Iraqi government on keeping those troops there . In December 2011 , with the final pullout looming , Romney told Fox News Sunday that the Obama administration was ending the American presence "  in a precipitous way , and we should have left 10,000 , 20,000 , 30,000 personnel there to help transition to the Iraqis ' own military capabilities . " Two weeks before Monday night 's debate , in a speech at the Virginia Military Institute , Romney said the "  costly gains " made in Iraq were slipping away . Fact Check : Is al Qaeda 's core decimated or growing ? "  And yet , America 's ability to influence events for the better in Iraq has been undermined by the abrupt withdrawal of our entire troop presence , " he said . "  The president tried -- and failed -- to secure a responsible and gradual drawdown that would have better secured our gains . " Conclusion : Each man 's attacks are rooted in fact . The Obama administration did attempt , unsuccessfully , to extend the presence of a scaled-back U.S. training mission in Iraq , while Romney has said Washington should have kept a considerably larger force in Baghdad . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN 's Mike Mount , Jamie Crawford and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Obama opposed the war in Iraq and touted its end His administration sought to extend a U.S. training mission there , however Romney has criticized the failure of that effort and said troops should have stayed
CNN  -- Reading the official website of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and you would be forgiven for thinking the reclusive Stalinist state was the Cayman Islands of East Asia . No taxes , zero unemployment and a performance-related reward-for-labor bonus regime , North Korea touts itself as having "  a people-centered social system in which the masses of the working people are the masters of everything and everything in society serves them . " This Sunday , North Koreans will be required to show their assent for this political system at general elections universally expected to return the current incumbent Kim Jong Un . "  Constituencies and sub-constituencies are crowded with citizens confirming their names on voter rolls , " the state-run news agency KCNA said in a report . "  Now the Korean people are fully determined to highly exalt the DPRK 's dignity and demonstrate once again the might of single-minded unity by casting ballots for their candidates . " Political show While critics say the poll is merely a political show to legitimize the country 's rubber stamp parliament -- previous elections in 2009 returned Kim Jong il  Kim Jong Un 's predecessor and father  with a 100 % mandate on a 99.98 % turnout -- observers will be poring over the list of legislators for clues as to how Kim will govern the Communist nation over the next five years . Kim himself is running for a seat in the Paekusan Constituency No. 111 ; significant because the numbers are regarded as auspicious in Korean culture and because North Korea claims Mount Paektu , located in Paekusan on the border with China , to be the legendary birthplace of his father . The ruling Democratic Front for the Reunification of the Fatherland holds all 687 seats within the Supreme People 's Assembly and voters have only one candidate to vote for in each of the seats . While the umbrella grouping officially contains four parties -- the Workers ' Party of Korea , the Korean Social Democratic Party , the Cheondoist Chongu Party and the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan -- all candidates must be sanctioned by the party including three independents currently sitting as deputies in the assembly . De facto census While it is possible for a voter to cast a ballot against a candidate , they must walk to a special booth to do so . Critics say few are brave enough to cross out the name on the ballot . According to one defector , Mina Yoon , the elections serve as a de facto census at a time when many North Koreans have slipped over the border to China . "  The government checks the list of voters and if your name is not on the list , they will investigate it , " Yoon told the Telegraph newspaper . "  It is often during elections that the government finds out about defectors and people who have been missed . " Andrei Lankov , a North Korean expert from Kookmin University in Seoul , said the sole purpose of elections in North Korea was to legitimize the regime . "  It 's a bad analogy , and maybe you should n't compare any acting leader to Hitler , but Hitler also had elections , " Lankov told CNN . "  Officially North Korea is a republic and you are supposed to have elections . "  Stalin had elections , Kim Il Sung had elections , why not Kim Jong Un ? It 's a way to legitimize  itself  , to show that 99 % of all registered voters came to vote and all of them -- 100 % -- voted for the regime , therefore we are the world 's most popular government . "  Do 100 % of Americans vote for their current American president ? Never , so to North Korea the American government is far less popular , far less democratic . " Who 's in , out ? He said that while the Supreme People 's Assembly was little more than a sham election , it was still be of interest to Pyongyang watchers keen to know the composition of the ruling party . "  It will give us some new names and the absence of some names will be equally important , " he said . "  We will see who is losing power and who is gaining power because according to their unspoken tradition , the top 200 people or so are always by default members of the Supreme People 's Assembly . " Analysts will also be keenly watching for signs that supporters of Jang Song Thaek , Kim 's once-powerful uncle who was executed in December for treason , have been eliminated or sidelined in the elections .	North Koreans head to polls on March 9 to vote for deputies in the Supreme People 's Assembly Critics say the poll is merely a political show to legitimize the country 's rubber stamp parliament In previous elections in 2009 , Kim Jong-il was returned with 100 % of the vote Vote is of interest to Pyongyang watchers keen to know the composition of the ruling party
CNN  -- Much has been written about the Obamas ' marriage . The president and first lady have attested to the long and hard work it takes to stay involved and connected to each other while maintaining their separate identities . Undoubtedly , sustaining a marriage is sometimes hard , as the first lady noted . But the Obamas are an excellent example of how the fruits of marriage can be realized by those who are committed to reconciling their differences and "  toughing it out . " The problem is that , today , too few couples are willing to make such a commitment . Ever since California became the first state to sanction no-fault divorce law 40 years ago , with every state in essence following suit -- some with certain stipulations -- the most fundamental thread in the fabric of our American values , the institution of marriage , has been unraveling . Before I retired from the bench a few months ago , it was my job as a judge to sort through all the issues rising , in part , from the growing lack of reverence many Americans have for marriage . In court , I often saw humanity 's worst behavior . I also dealt with teenage mothers , absentee fathers and parents who have never been married , often by choice . I saw parents who did n't seem able or willing to connect their children 's problems with their own failure to provide their children with the necessary road map to self-sufficiency and productivity . And these families did n't just show up in my courtroom . They exist everywhere . The U.S. Marriage Index shows a dramatic decline in the health of marriage in recent decades . America is a society that requires its citizens to make choices and penalizes them , often harshly , for the wrong ones . As a child grows up , the guideposts should be : finish school ; become a productive citizen ; marry a person you want to spend your life with ; and , if you want , have children . In that order . But many Americans are failing their children because they have already failed themselves . They often enter the court system with domestic problems and low-wage jobs , slim educational credentials and no life partners . It broke my heart to see so many children raising babies before they are ready : young people who made no connection between the poverty and chaos in their lives and the choices they had made . My options in addressing these problems from the bench were limited . The courtroom is seldom the stage at which social change takes place . By the time these cases appeared in court , so much damage had already been done . What our society needs is a solution on the front end . We should begin by considering six points : Let 's stop glorifying single parenthood . Celebrity unwed parents like "  Brangelina , " Halle Berry and the late Michael Jackson make matrimony seem unimportant and suggest that having a baby as a single parent is "  cool " and even easy . Our children need a reality check . Many young people think that having a child means that they will finally have someone who will unconditionally love them . They do n't consider , however , that babies do not and can not love anyone but themselves , and they also take a tremendous amount of time , attention and resources . Memo to single mothers by choice : When you decide to have a child alone in order to fulfill your deep need to parent , you may be deliberately substituting your emotional loss for that of your child , who will have to grow up without a father . We need to respect the role of men as husbands and fathers when they do right by their families . Boys and girls need their fathers to love them and to model the sacrifice and commitment that bonds a married couple . Men who "  man up " like this need our support and encouragement . Our state legislatures should revisit no-fault divorce laws that allow one party to a marriage to opt out of it too easily . Change now can result in change in the future . Although there are many success stories , children who grow up in single-parent families are less likely to enjoy the financial security , educational success and social skills of children living with their married parents . This only continues to fuel poverty and inequality in our country . By the way , I 'm neither a strait-laced goody-two-shoes nor Archie Bunker in heels . I would never condemn anyone who has had a child out of wedlock or who has gone through a divorce . I was a divorcee , and with two children , I was also a single mom . So I know that these things happen . Indeed , sometimes they must happen . And because they do , we need to respect every family form . But I 've been around long enough to know that as marriage goes , so go our children . And with them goes the future of our country . Consequently , everyone -- rich or poor , single or married or divorced , gay or straight , all races and colors , from the first family to the single-parent family -- benefits from a vibrant marriage culture . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leah Ward Sears .	Leah Ward Sears : Couples unwilling to make commitment to rewarding marriage Sears : Obamas exemplify good marriage , committed to reconcile differences and tough it out Sears ' order of priorities : School , work , marriage with goal of spending life together , children Advice : Stop glorifying single parenthood ; support dads and husbands ; revisit divorce law
CNN  -- Only 10 % of drugs cheats are being caught at the Olympics . former anti-doping chief Dick Pound told CNN on Wednesday . The London Olympics have been dominated so far by the displays of 16-year-old Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen , whose world record time in the 400 meter individual medley prompted questions about her performances . John Leonard , executive director of the World Swimming Coaches Association described Ye 's performances as "  disturbing " but the young swimmer dismissed the allegations and Olympic officials insist that she is clean until proven otherwise . "  My results come from hard work and training and I would never use any banned drugs , " she said . Pound , who retired from the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  in 2008 , said "  anecdotally , maybe 10 % of athletes use drugs and we 're catching one or two of them . " He warned that the issue of drug cheating was "  getting dumbed down " as sports organizations become "  more worried about corruption . " "  People who have prepared in advance and used drugs coming here  to London  wo n't get caught , " said Pound . "  If you get caught you fail two tests , a drugs test and an IQ test . " Dick Pound , also a former vice president of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , warned that testers are always playing catch up with the cheaters . "  You 'd be pretty ambitious to say London 2012 was a clean Games . There are drugs we do n't know about yet so we need to keep finding them and hunting down the distribution networks , " he said . "  We know what 's going on , but if you 're going to do disqualify someone you have to have evidence . We 're going to need more resources and more commitment from the sports organizations . " "  Basically , they say it is too complicated , too expensive and they 're more worried about corruption . It is getting dumbed down . " The IOC announced on Wednesday evening that Uzbek athlete Luiza Galiulina has been excluded from the Games after testing positive for furosemide . Furosemide is commonly used to stop racehorses suffering nosebleeds , but is banned by WADA because it can be used to mask other drugs . Galiulina wa provisionally suspended after failing pre-games testing on the 25h July . The 20-year-old 's ` B ' sample has confirmed the positive result , so the IOC have now expelled the gymnast from the Games . Galiulina is the second athlete to fail a drugs test at the games after Albanian weightlifter Hysen Pulaku tested positive for the steroid stanozlol , also in pre-games testing .	Former WADA chief Dick Pound claims only 10 % of drug cheaters are being caught Pound says if athletes are prepared for tests , they wo n't get caught Question have been raised over swimmer Ye Shiwen 's record breaking performances Calling London Games "  clean " would be "  ambitious " says Pound
Washington  CNN  -- You do n't need to peek at Santa 's long list to know what the White House is asking for this holiday season -- a large , nicely wrapped box of bipartisanship . The ideal gift would come fully assembled , with members of Congress ready to reach across the aisle and "  budge on some deeply held positions , " as President Obama said earlier this week . But compromise is easier said than done because , as incoming House Speaker John Boehner points out , "  There 's a reason why we have Democrats and Republicans . We believe in different things about the appropriate role of the federal government . " Even the president had to admit that history is not on his side . "  It 's no secret that we have had differences that have led us to part ways on many issues in the past , " he said . That said , the midterm elections changed the dynamic in Washington . It also forced Obama to admit to a "  shellacking , " and it led to the so called "  Slurpee summit . " That meeting on Tuesday with Congressional leaders from both parties in the White House Roosevelt Room lasted only about two hours , and did n't end with a dinner in the private quarters as Obama had initially hoped . However , there was one major concession : The president admitted privately to Republicans that he had not reached out to them enough in the first two years of his administration and he vowed to do a better job . It was a mea culpa after months of dismissing criticism that he had not done enough to foster bipartisanship . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president did n't apologize , but "  took responsibility for that , " and told Republicans he was "  ready to do his part . " The proof , as they say , is in the pudding . The next few days in this lame-duck session of Congress will truly determine if the summit both sides described as "  frank " and "  useful " will produce a compromise on Bush-era tax cuts , the new START treaty or a repeal of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . But a new effort at bipartisanship seems to be getting off to a rough start . On Wednesday , Senate Republicans promised to block every legislative action until the Senate had moved to fund the government and extend tax cuts . Forty-two Republican senators signed a strongly worded letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , who promptly blasted the GOP for trying to "  obstruct " and "  delay , " legislative progress . Senate GOPers : Take up tax cuts first But Republican strategist Kevin Madden blames Democrats for wasting a lot of time on issues that "  do n't have the votes to pass , " and are "  not priorities for the American public . " "  The scoreboard shows time running out , " he said , " and Harry Reid and -LSB- outgoing House Speaker -RSB- Nancy Pelosi are just running in circles . " One thing is certain : Americans overwhelmingly want both sides to get along , but do n't have much confidence that they will . In a recent McClatchy-Marist survey , 72 percent of registered voters said they wanted congressional Republicans to work with the president and their Democratic counterparts to get things done . But just 28 percent thought that would actually happen . That pessimistic view seems at odds with a more optimistic tone at the White House . The administration is convinced that the midterm elections narrowed the options and might just force results . "  Next year the House will be controlled by the Republicans , the Senate by the Democrats , and the presidency obviously unchanged , " Gibbs said . "  To make progress on issues , to get legislation through Congress , it 's going to take bipartisanship . " Gibbs dismissed doubts that the president 's ambitious agenda could get wrapped and delivered over the next two weeks . When a reporter wished the White House good luck , the White House spokesman responded , "  Well , thank you . You 'll have a lot to cover . " The top priority is the Bush-era tax cuts . Both sides are eager to ink a deal , but they remain entrenched in their long-held views . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky wants them extended not only for families earning $ 250,000 or less per year , but also for wealthier Americans . "  We ought to treat all taxpayers the same , " he said . But the president said the country ca n't afford the $ 700 billion dollar price tag in extending the cuts to wealthier Americans . "  I continue to believe that it would be unwise and unfair , " he said . Polling shows about half of Americans favor extending the tax cuts for families making less than $ 250,000 while a little more than a third favor extending them to all Americans . How will Republicans and Democrats be able to bridge this wide divide ? Obama appointed Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and his budget director Jack Lew to negotiate with four members of Congress from both parties . The goal is to find common ground in the next few days . During a break in their Wednesday closed-door session , Geithner told reporters that discussions were "  very civil " and "  constructive " and that there were "  no surprises . " But it 's unclear how much progress is being made because the group agreed not to discuss those details . Past divided governments have managed to avoid gridlock and produce results . In President Bill Clinton 's second term , key accomplishments like welfare reform , a balanced budget and trade agreements were sealed with bipartisan support . Now , both sides have signaled they 're willing to work together to give Americans what they asked for on Election Day . Madden said the ball is in Obama 's court . "  He 'll see bipartisan success if he moves past his singular emphasis on style and actually looks for ways to meet Republicans on cutting spending and targeting the deficit , " he said . The clock is ticking as the holiday break approaches . It seems progress will hinge on Washington being much less naughty and a bit more nice .	Midterm elections changed the dynamic in Washington Obama admits he has n't done enough to reach out to Republicans so far A new effort at bipartisanship seems to be getting off to a rough start Progress will hinge on Washington being much less naughty and a bit more nice
London  CNN  -- Heathrow Airport is under close scrutiny over how it will cope with the influx of travelers for the London Olympics , but at least it has one fan in British writer Tony Parsons . Parsons -- author of best-selling novels including "  Man and Boy " -- lived at the airport for seven days last year when he was Heathrow 's "  writer in residence . " "  I loved it , " says Parsons . "  I enjoyed living at the airport , I enjoyed the romance of opening my curtains and there was the runway . It was fun . " During his stay he spent time with pilots , police and security services , but one of the highlights was a visit to the Animal Reception Center  ARC  -- what Parsons calls "  the true London Zoo . " Read more : In numbers : Heathrow braced for Olympic surge "  Everything passes through the ARC so you get rattlesnakes that some idiot smuggled back from the Nevada desert , you get polo ponies from Argentina and you get cheetahs that are en route from Ghana to Sweden that are in a box that 's too small and seized , " he says . Parsons recalls following an ARC worker on a call out to a plane returning from Las Vegas to capture two smuggled rattlesnakes that had got loose . "  All the mad stuff happens on quite a frequent basis .  The ARC employee  said the best thing to pick up a snake that 's loose on a jumbo is a pillowcase and he was just wonderfully matter-of-fact about it , " he says . But Parsons also saw the darker side of the transport hub and says he was shocked to discover the lengths some people go to in an attempt to illegally stay in Britain . "  I saw a man from Iraq , granted asylum in Greece , but he wanted to come to the UK , " recalls Parsons . "  Under the terms of his residency in Greece he was n't allowed to come to the UK and he ate his travel documents as he was getting off the flight so he could say , ` No , I 've just arrived from my war-torn homeland . ' It 's quite common . "  The experience of being there was so extreme , to be with an immigration officer when they 're interviewing someone and they know they 've got 50 condoms full of cocaine inside them and they will not admit it . "  You do n't see humanity at its very best when you 're at an airport ... You see the immigration and customs officers are lied to most of the time . They see  humanity  probably at its worst , at its most criminal and venal . " Read more : A day in the life of Heathrow Another surprise for Parsons was seeing a woman arrive on a flight from overseas dressed in a wedding gown because she wanted to marry Prince Harry -- an apparently common occurrence  it used to be William before he got hitched , adds Parsons . The incident formed part of one of the short stories in Parsons ' book "  Departures : Seven stories from Heathrow , " inspired by his stay at the airport . Another tale was inspired by his discovery that the airport 's air traffic control was manned by "  youngsters in their cargo pants . " Parsons says : "  I thought that venerable elderly gentlemen that looked something like a BBC presenter would be in charge of the skies and of course , it 's all the children of Mark Zuckerberg , kids that have grown up with computers . "  There 's that moment where you look around the air traffic control tower , this wonderful panoramic view of the sun coming up , the skylight of London 50 miles away ,  and you think  where are all the grown ups ? " Quiz : Test your Heathrow knowledge But Parsons was impressed with their professionalism and says many of Heathrow 's employees were childhood airplane enthusiasts who never lost their passion . "  The thing that is most striking about Heathrow is how totally obsessive the people are who work there , " he says . "  It 's not just another job , for the firemen , for the pilots , for the air traffic controllers , for the people at customs , the people at immigration . They really feel as though they 're in touch with something epic , something that 's bigger than they are . " And he was impressed by the sheer size of the airport . Parsons says : "  The thing about Heathrow is that it 's a secret city more than an airport . It 's a place where 70,000 people work . It 's a place where 75 million people pass through every year . "  It 's got its own methodology , its own rituals and is far more than just another hub . It 's like another city . "	Author Tony Parsons was writer-in-residence at London 's Heathrow Airport He accompanied a Heathrow employee hunting rattlesnakes that had got loose on a plane Given full access to the "  city " of Heathrow , Parsons wrote a book about the experience
CNN  -- In what activists call a victory for Latinos , the U.S. government has resolved allegations relating to a series of warrantless home raids by immigration agents and must now follow new guidelines for conducing similar operations in the future . The terms were part of a federal court settlement approved on Thursday in New York between Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  and nearly two dozen plaintiffs who joined in a class-action suit . The suit that was closely watched by immigrant communities who alleged ICE agents forced their way into eight homes of Latino families on New York 's Long Island in 2006 and 2007 without legal justification . "  This is a positive step in the ability to hold ICE officers accountable for misconduct , " said Axel Caballero , founder of My Cuentame , a nonprofit immigrant-rights filmmaker . "  We hope officers and the agency are wise enough to not ignore the decision . But this is not enough . This is just the beginning of change that needs to be done . " The lead plaintiff , Adriana Aguilar , said agents pounded on doors in the middle of the night and came into her East Hampton home even though they were denied entry . She shared the home with her parents , siblings and children , who are all U.S. citizens . "  ICE is known for tactics like showing up unexpectedly and banging on doors , a common strategy that has been employed fairly routinely , " said Camille Mackler , director of training and technical assistance at the New York Immigration Coalition . "  But now with this change in federal policy , hopefully people 's basic constitutional rights wo n't be violated . " Under revised guidelines for cases without warrants , ICE must establish a policy requiring that agents , when feasible , obtain permission to enter a home in a language residents can understand . There are also new restrictions for when searches can be conducted on property surrounding a home . The government , as part of the settlement , also agreed to pay $ 1 million and drop or put aside immigration proceedings in several cases related to the raids . "  Undocumented immigrants have less rights than U.S. citizens would but they do have basic constitutional protection that gives them the right to be protected from unreasonable search and seizure , " explained Mackler . ICE declined to comment on the settlement . CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	Class-action suit revolved around raids of homes in New York Court settlement sets new rules for home searches by immigration agents Activists call settlement a victory for Latinos
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Former NBA referee Tim Donaghy was released on $ 250,000 bail after pleading guilty Wednesday to two felonies related to wagering on games he officiated and supplying inside information on games to others . Tim Donaghy was an NBA referee for 13 years . He worked more than 700 games in his career . "  Today 's guilty plea and charges serve as a warning that easy money often comes at a high price , " said U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf . Two of Donaghy 's alleged co-conspirators -- James Battista , also known as "  Baba " and "  Sheep , " and Thomas Martino -- were also arraigned Wednesday for involvement in the gambling ring . Neither of them entered a plea , and both also have been released on an unsecured $ 250,000 bond . Earlier , Donaghy , a 13-year veteran referee , stood before Judge Carol Bagley Amon in federal court in Brooklyn , New York , and admitted taking antidepressants to cope with a severe gambling addiction that has cost him his reputation and career . Watch Donaghy 's attorney talk about his client expressing remorse " Donaghy received payments for providing co-conspirators with winning picks based on classified information he obtained as an official with the league , prosecutors said in an affidavit . He tipped his co-conspirators through the use of encoded language based on information about players ' physical condition and information about the relationship between referees and players in the league . The two felony counts -- conspiracy to engage in wire fraud and transmitting wagering information to other individuals -- carry a combined maximum sentence of 25 years . Prosecutors said Donaghy 's guilty plea was made in exchange for cooperating in other investigations surrounding organized crime members and gambling on professional sports . According to the affidavit , Battista and Martino met in Philadelphia in December 2006 and arranged to pay Donaghy $ 2,000 for each winning pick . Weeks into the scheme , Battista and Martino increased the pay to $ 5,000 per winning pick because of the accuracy of Donaghy 's tips . The three-man operation used Martino as the middleman between Battista , who placed the bets , and Donaghy , who gave his picks to Martino by using the coded language . While Donaghy told the court Wednesday he did bet on NBA games , no charges on that issue were included in the plea deal . NBA Commissioner David Stern has termed Donaghy 's actions a betrayal , and he said they were an isolated incident that did not involve other NBA officials . "  We think we have here a rogue isolated criminal , " Stern said in a July news conference . "  We will continue with our ongoing and thorough review of the league 's officiating program to ensure that the best possible policies and procedures are in place to protect the integrity of our game , " Stern said in a statement Wednesday . Lamell McMorris , spokesman for the National Basketball Referees Association , called the situation "  a truly unfortunate case of wrongdoing by one of our own . " "  We recognize that a cloud has descended upon all referees , but we are committed to showing the public that this was an isolated event and that NBA officiating is conducted at the highest levels of honesty , integrity and fairness , " McMorris said in a statement . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Allan Chernoff and David Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Tim Donaghy , two alleged co-conspirators released on bail Referee accused of providing information on games he officiated Charges could result in 25 years in prison Donaghy cooperating with prosecutors
CNN  -- English giants Manchester United have splashed out a reported $ 10 million on an unknown 20-year-old striker whose only previous professional experience is playing in the third-flight of Portuguese football . Tiago Manuel Dias Correia , known as "  Bebe " , has signed from Vitoria de Giumaraes and will be hoping to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Nani in making a big impression at Old Trafford . Bebe has a compelling story , having been raised in a youth shelter in his home town of Cacem on the outskirts of Lisbon . He played his early football for CAIS , an organization responsible for Portugal 's National Homeless Team , and was soon spotted by his first professional club Estrela Amadora . Bebe 's displays for them attracted the attention of scouts from more prominent clubs and he was snapped up by Portuguese first division Vitoria de Giumaraes just five weeks ago . He has yet to play a game in the top flight of his national league , but his performances in warm-up matches were enough for United to step in , leaving Giumaraes with a quick profit . Reports say that Carlos Queiroz , Alex Ferguson 's former assistant , tipped off the Manchester United manager about Bebe 's talents after he scored four goals in seven friendly appearances and earned rave reviews . Gonçalo Sequeira dos Santos of CAIS and the manager of Portugal 's National Homeless World Cup Team told CNN that he had spoken to Bebe Thursday to congratulate him on his move . Bebe told him : "  I am very happy . Football can change lives , very much . " Dos Santos added : "  Bebe is responsible , with one big heart and an all-round awesome boy . We are truly happy for this opportunity he has to make his dream come true and improving his life . " He is the third signing of the summer for United , who lost their English Premier League crown to arch-rivals Chelsea last season . Defender Chris Smalling from Fulham and Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Chivas de Guadalajara are the other signings . Bebe may struggle to gain a regular starting slot as he competes with the likes of Hernandez , Wayne Rooney , Dimitar Berbatov , Michael Owen and Federico Macheda . In other transfer news Thursday , Italian international midfielder Mauro Camoranesi 's transfer from Juventus to Premier League Birmingham City is in doubt because of the English tax regime , his agent claimed . "  Nothing has been concluded , " Sergio Fortunato told Calciomercato.it , a website specializing in transfer dealings .	Manchester United sign 20-year-old striker Bebe from Portugal club Vitoria Guimaraes Bebe played his early football for an organization in Portugal which helped the homeless He was reportedly recommended to United by their former assistant manager Carlos Quieroz
CNN  The news that the U.S. military will charge Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl with desertion for abandoning his post in Afghanistan revives a deeply disturbing and morally wrenching incident in America 's troubled war in Afghanistan . From the moment last year that the world learned about the prisoner-swap deal that secured his freedom , the questions that surrounded Begdahl 's disappearance gained significance . After all , the United States had agreed to a very high price for his release . Based on the evidence that has come to public light , desertion seems the right charge against Bergdahl , whose comrades say he walked away , abandoning his commitments as a soldier in a war and creating new and greater dangers for them . But even before the charges were filed , there were other question whose answers are emerging . Was the United States right to negotiate a high-price trade ? Did "  leave no man behind " trump "  no negotiating with terrorists " ? And if it did , did the importance of saving one man outweigh the dictate not to pay ransom even if that man was a traitor or a deserter ? New information about his disappearance and life of the people freed in exchange for Bergdahl make the case all the more troubling . Bergdahl , you will recall , spent five years as a prisoner of the Haqqani network , a group allied with the Taliban organization , America 's principal enemy in Afghanistan . Taliban fighters had captured him in June 2009 , just after Bergdahl , apparently disenchanted with the military , left his post in southeastern Afghanistan . The Taliban handed the American soldier to the Haqqanis , who shuttled him between locations as they and their partners negotiated for his release , seeking to maximize the profit from their valuable captive . In May 2014 they struck a deal . Five Taliban commanders were flown out of the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , freed in exchange for the American soldier whose disappearance many had already labeled a desertion . The images became iconic . A strikingly pale Bergdahl , blinking painfully against the bright sun as he was handed over to U.S. officials . The scene contrasted sharply with a video of the Taliban chiefs ' receiving a heroes ' welcome in Qatar , where they prepared for a new life after their American captivity . National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Bergdahl had served with "  honor and distinction . " If that had been the case , the trade would have proved much less controversial . But from the moment Bergdahl went missing there had been questions . In the letters he wrote home before vanishing , Bergdahl showed a steady erosion of his faith in the military and belief in the mission . "  The future is too good to waste on lies , " he told his parents . "  And life is way too short to care for the damnation of others . " Men who had served with Bergdahl said he had simply walked off the base carrying little more than a compass . Not only would such a move constitute near-suicidal foolishness , it also put his comrades in great danger , particularly as they set out on a desperate quest to find him . What has been the cost of Bergdahl 's odyssey ? Some said the search for him cost the lives of six American soldiers . The specific circumstances are complicated , but it is clear that the six died in Paktika Province in the months after Bergdahl vanished , during a period in which every mission , even if not directly aimed at finding Bergdahl , included some element of a search . As one former team leader told CNN , "  when those soldiers were killed , they would not have been where they were if Bergdahl had not left . " One of them , 2nd Lt Darryn Andrews , received a posthumous Silver Star for saving the lives of five soldiers during a mission that had shifted from searching for a Taliban target to looking for Bergdahl . Andrews left behind a pregnant wife and a 2-year-old son . Then there is the cost of signaling to the Taliban , of telling all of America 's enemies , that if they capture a U.S. service member they could trade him for a ransom . This could endanger other Americans . And there is another potential cost : The men who were freed in exchange for Bergdahl could go on to fight again . The more you learn about the details of their post-Guantanamo lives , the more distressing the transaction looks . Under the terms of the deal , Qatar agreed to keep the former prisoners from leaving the country for one year . In the meantime , they are said to be living a life of fantastic comfort and luxury , courtesy of their gracious Qatari hosts . According to reports , they have each been allowed to bring five more families to keep them company . The 35 Taliban households are living in the lap of Qatari luxury , but the fighters are getting restless . At least two of the former Guantanamo detainees reportedly want to go back to the battlefield , perhaps adding to the eventual tally of the Bergdahl transaction . Now Bergdahl will face his punishment ; he could be sentenced to life in prison for what the military says was desertion and misbehavior , and what his comrades said was a shameful betrayal -- one that cost lives . The question remains , should the United States have traded for this man ? My sense is that the United States has a duty to the soldiers it sends to war . All soldiers should know that their country will do what it takes to bring them back . America could not leave Bergdahl to die in a mountain cave , especially if it did not know with certainty the circumstances of his disappearance -- but even if it did . Whether the Obama administration negotiated as effectively as it could have is another matter . On that count , I am skeptical . The trade -- Bergdahl for several hardened prisoners -- was a heart-splitting dilemma , but it was the right call .	Frida Ghitis : Desertion charges against Bowe Bergdahl revive questions : Was swap deal for him correct ? What has his odyssey cost ? She says swap may have sent dangerous message to America 's enemies , cost American lives . Still , retrieving U.S. soldier was right call
EW.com  -- "  Breaking Bad " musical ? Eh , we 've seen that before . But a "  Breaking Bad " opera ? Now that 's something we did n't expect . One World Symphony 's artistic director and conductor Sung Jin Hong has confirmed that he 's working on composing "  Breaking Bad â $ " Ozymandias , " a mini-opera based on both the show itself and the Percy Bysshe Shelley 's sonnet  titled "  Ozymandias "  . Philly newswoman ` breaks bad ' with ill-conceived tweet Although specifics are yet to be released , Hong wrote a blog explaining that the mini-opera hopes to "  explore the question that the drama obsessively and hauntingly asked : ` are we all breaking bad ? ' " "  Breaking Bad â $ " Ozymandias " will run through One World Symphony 's Addiction program on January 26-27 , 2014 . So what suggestions do you all have for Hong ? We 're thinking Saul needs his own dance number , and Badger should sing his latest "  Star Trek " pitch . Albuquerque newspaper runs Walter White 's official obituary And obviously , Huell gets a solo about sitting alone in a hotel room with nothing but his thoughts for , like , ever . Or maybe we 're on the wrong track . Bottom line : Would you go see a "  Breaking Bad " mini-opera ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A "  Breaking Bad " mini-opera is in the works One World Symphony 's artistic director and conductor is composing it The mini-opera will be called "  Breaking Bad -- Ozymandias " It 's expected to run in January 2014
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Sun was hard to come by in Moore , Oklahoma , Tuesday . The sky still looked menacing , dark and foggy . Mist turned to rain . Lightning struck . From the air , this suburb outside Oklahoma City looked like flattened cardboard . On the ground , homes were messes of splinters . Cars , thrown like toys , sat in ridiculous places . Hunks of steel hung in trees -- the trees that were left . Most were shaved down to gnarly apocalyptic wishbones . When people were allowed back on their street -- if emergency crews gave them the green light -- that 's when the real trauma set in for many . It 's bizarre and disorienting when every landmark and sign your eye knows is suddenly gone and there 's miles of nothing in its place . "  It 's funny when you ca n't tell your own stuff when you get back and look at it like this , " Mack James said , standing in the rubble that used to be his house . Moore has no power . Water is out and volunteers are handing out bottles . The twister is gone but the danger is still real . Gas lines are being checked . Crews are out searching for live wires . "  It was horrible , " recalled one elderly woman , sitting in a chair near piles of debris . "  The thunder and the sound was like a turning of the world . It was so bad but we were in the cellar right out there . You could hear the thing just blowin ' , hear the pounding . "  I ca n't even believe I 'm still alive . " The realization of the loss of material things is just beginning . Photos are gone . Family heirlooms might not ever be found . How to help But there is worse . Rescue workers are still trying to find survivors , as reports keep coming in about those missing . Wearing a thick red hoodie , Zack Woodcock looked intensely worried and lost in thought as he told a CNN reporter that a wrestler on his son 's wrestling team was missing . "  It 's hard , " he muttered , looking like he has n't been to sleep . The death toll was 24 , according to Oklahoma City Medical Examiner spokeswoman Amy Elliott . Nine of the dead are children , she said . Frantic kids and parents On Monday evening , kids screamed for their parents and parents hollered their children 's names , walking and searching in panic in a parking lot near Briarwood Elementary . "  Caleb ! Caleb ! " one woman could be heard screaming , as another woman , her face bloody , walked zombie-like through the crowd , holding a young boy 's hand . "  Step over the wire ! " someone shouted . Adults and children zigzagged past each other . One man went to a little boy standing alone , whose face was just then cracking into a full-out cry . The man put his arm around the child and they both looked out into the chaotic parking lot , apparently searching for the boy 's parents . One mother who spotted her son sitting with his teacher on a curb gently grabbed the boy 's hands and stood him up and then learned her whole body over him , hugging him . She cried and then laughed and cupped his face . "  He was so brave ! " the teacher said . The mother then embraced the teacher . "  Thank you , " she wept , "  thank you . " Jim Routon , who showed up to help at the school , held his arm up and shouted , "  5th graders ! " But , of course , parents and kids continued to wander , desperate , scared . It was a valiant effort though -- trying to offer order where none could be found . Three hours of emotional torture Janna Ketchie was trapped at work , unable to get on the road because of downed power lines . She texted , desperate for news about her two boys at a day-care center . It was next to Briarwood Elementary , which Ketchie knew was badly damaged . "  Those three hours where I did n't hear anything , they were the longest three hours of my life , " she said . "  Knowing I 'd never see them again . No mother should ever have to go through that . " But she did see them again , thanks to a teacher who covered her 3-year-old and 6-week-old with a mattress and her body . Grayson Ketchie suffered a head wound and an ear injury . His baby brother ? Unscathed . "  It 's a miracle , an absolute miracle , " said Rick Roberts , one of the boys ' grandfathers . A day after the 200-mph twister knocked down his building , Grayson was in a playful mood , happily reunited with his family . When asked what happened to the day-care facility , he said , "  Broke ! " No one at the center was killed , officials said . An elementary school mourns While Briarwood families found their children , it was far worse for parents with kids at Plaza Towers Elementary School . The building was reduced to just a few walls . Monday night a father sat on a stool , tears in his eyes , as a firefighter tried to comfort him . He awaited news of his son , a third-grader . At least seven children were killed at the school , police said . Students who managed to escape said they hugged and clung to walls as the tornado passed through , according to CNN affiliate KFOR . One teacher told KFOR that she lay on top of six students in the bathroom . They survived . Norma Bautista told CNN that when she arrived , she found her child and nieces and nephews and took them away . "  I am speechless as -LSB- to -RSB- how this happened , why it happened , " she said . "  How do we explain it to the kids ? " Her son , Julio , said teachers told students to crouch and cover their heads . 1999 : They 've been through this before What 's left behind A tornado leaves intact the most absurd things sometimes . A cardboard box of tax returns sat on a pile of wood that was once someone 's home . One woman 's bathroom was the only room untouched in her house , she said . Though their home was obliterated , Kristina Daniel and her husband Donovan told a London Telegraph reporter that the only thing untouched in their home appeared to be an empty water bottle . "  You just wan na break down and cry , " Steve Wilkerson told CNN , holding a laundry basket that contained the belongings he could find . "  But you know , that 's how it goes , " Wilkerson said , his voice shaking . "  You got ta be strong and keep going . " He 's lived in Oklahoma his whole life . He 's seen tornadoes before , but nothing like this one . "  I still ca n't believe this is happening , " he said . "  You work 20 years , and then it 's gone in 15 minutes . " Not far away , another woman was joyous when she got a text from her son , Cody , who started walking down a major street in Moore and saw his grandmother walking dazed along the road with her Yorkie . "  Grandma is fine , " her son texted . "  She is at my house . Mom , everything is gone . There is nothing left , anywhere . All of the pictures , all grandma 's stuff , all my pictures , my letter jacket , my college degree from OU . There 's nothing left . " In another part of Moore , Lando Hite was shirtless , his hair and body caked with mud , as he described what happened at a horse and entertainment farm . "  It was just like the movie ` Twister , ' " he told CNN affiliate KFOR . "  There were horses and stuff flying around everywhere . " The tornado slammed into the Orr Family Farm , which had about 80 horses . It damaged several barns ; Hite was worried that most of the animals had been killed . "  I tried to let some of the horses out of their stalls so that they would have a chance , " said Hite . The building he took shelter in moved about 100 feet , he said , when the twister hit . A woman told CNN that she saw a horse after the twister . The animal was bleeding , but alive . It 's personal for National Guard Tuesday morning , Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb spoke to CNN affiliate KOKI from a Dick 's Sporting Goods parking lot . "  I 'm not a pessimist and I have a lot of faith and a lot of hope , but just with the enormity and severity of this storm ... " he trailed off . At least 85 patients were at a local trauma center . Of those , roughly 60 are children , Lamb said . But he insisted that Oklahomans stay positive . "  Let 's focus on the good news for a moment , the good news is that in the overnight hours , 101 survivors were found , " he said . "  I talked to a  National  Guardsman early this morning . He told me he found three bodies overnight , but his eyes got brighter as he said he found an elderly couple holding onto one another in their shelter scared to death . But they 're alive and well today . "  So thank you to the men and women who are providing the search and rescue right now . " CNN spoke with several guard members overnight . They live in and around Moore when they are n't deployed . Like so many others , some of them were searching for their own family members , too . "  You do n't ever think about it as much when you 're at home , " said Spc. Josh Gragert . "  When you see the devastation and people who are affected by it ... it really hits hard . " Follow the severe weather tracker CNN 's Nick Valencia , Gary Tuchman and George Howell reported from Oklahoma . Ashley Fantz reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mom waited for three hours for news that her boys were alive Kids and parents in parking lot search for each other National Guard rescuers look for their own loved ones , too
Turkish authorities reopened Gezi Park in Istanbul on Monday for the first time since a crackdown on protesters last month and soon closed it again , pushing demonstrators to the streets . Riot police armed with tear gas and water cannon maneuvered through the city on Monday to disperse crowds of 30 or more people in side streets . The demonstrators moved through the city , chanting "  Everywhere is Taksim , everywhere is resistance " as they were dispersed , then regrouped . In typical riot control protocol , police used water cannon and tear gas on Monday to clear out Taksim Square , the flashpoint of anti-government demonstrations that started in late May . Taksim Solidarity , the umbrella platform of activists and civil society groups , said in a media statement that roughly 80 people had been detained on Monday and that 32 of them are members of the group . Many of the detained were taken into custody after the park was opened to the public . After a news conference called by Taksim Solidarity , the officers chased members of the media and the group with nightsticks indoors . "  We were headed to Gezi Park , " Sami Yilmazturk said during the news conference . "  As we were walking through Taksim Square , our friends were detained . " Istanbul 's governor warned protestors before Gezi Park was reopened that the park would be opened to the public but that demonstrations there would not be tolerated . "  This is not an area for forums , for slogans , for occupation . This is not a place for marching , it is a place to take a rest , it is a place to meet and to have conversations , " said Huseyin Avni Mutlu . "  Actions that go outside of this , that turn into demonstrations or marches , will not be permitted . " Some demonstrators shouted the "  everywhere " slogan during the opening ceremony . Leaders of the protest movement called participants to gather in Gezi Park . Anti-government protests erupted when bulldozers began removing some trees in Gezi Park . Conservationists held sit-ins , which were broken up by riot police with tear gas and water cannons . Tens of thousands of people poured into Gezi Park and Taksim Square in Istanbul 's main commercial district in response to the police action and the planned development project . Similar protests around Turkey soon turned into anti-government demonstrations . The 6th Administrative Court in Istanbul overruled parts of the Taksim development project last week , including plans to rebuild old barracks in Gezi Park that would have been used for a shopping arcade .	Istanbul 's Gezi Park reopened for the first time since last month and soon closed gain Protesters driven out of the park continued chanting in the streets Riot police break up all groups of 30 or more with water cannon , tear gas
CNN  -- Deep in my heart , I do believe that we shall overcome someday : This is the refrain that guided the hearts and hands and voices of the '60s generation . At the LBJ Library , April 8-10 , the Civil Rights Summit will begin -- the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the passage of the great 1960s civil rights laws . It was legislation that changed America forever and for the better . There were four great laws , each building upon the other . The 1964 Civil Rights Bill , also known as the Public Accommodations Act , ensured that people of color could use the same water fountains , toilets , public transport and seats in restaurants and hotels as white people . The 1965 Voting Rights Act ensured people of color the right to vote . The 1968 Fair Housing Act made it possible for people of color and all religions to be able to buy a house where they could afford to . The 1968 Immigration Act eliminated racial and ethnic quotas . These laws opened the doors of liberty and justice for all as never before . No matter how imperfect they were , they made ours a more just society . For me it was all so very personal . My father , President Lyndon Baines Johnson , signed the 1964 Civil Rights Act on my 17th birthday . The only handwritten note I have from my father was his birthday letter written at 12:10 p.m. that day . Daddy did n't have time to go to the pharmacy to buy a Hallmark card . At 6 p.m. , he was signing a bill into law that would liberate my generation from the shackles of legalized apartheid . It was the best birthday present anyone could ever receive . Many doubt 1964 Civil Rights Act could pass today When I questioned why he gave the first pen used to sign the bill to the Republican leader Sen. Everett Dirksen instead of one of the great civil rights leaders , he shook his head in disappointment that I had n't gotten the obvious lesson . He told me , "  Luci Baines , I did n't have to convince one of the great civil rights leaders to be for that legislation . They were already for it . But because of Everett Dirksen 's decision to support this law and bring his supporters with him , the great civil rights leaders and I have a law , not just a bill . That 's why Senator Dirksen got the pen . He deserved it . " When I questioned why we had gone to the Capitol Rotunda for the signing , Daddy shook his head in disappointment again . "  Luci Baines , we have to go to the Rotunda of the Capitol . "  There will be many brave men and women not returning to these hallowed halls because of their courageous stand for voting rights . And there are many brave men and women who will be able to serve here only because of the courage of this Congress . That 's why we must go to the Rotunda to let the world know how grateful we are to this Congress . " I was on "  Daddy duty " on August 6 , 1965 , and stood behind him in the Rotunda as he signed the Voting Rights Act into law . That day he taught me not only about the justice of the act ; he taught me the importance of his favorite biblical passage , "  Come , let us reason together . " These lessons of social justice have changed our country forever , for the better , although their work is far from done . The lessons of coming and reasoning together remain a cry we need to answer now more than ever . It was all so very personal . I grew up in Washington in an area fondly known as "  Hanukkah Heights . " We lived in "  Hanukkah Heights " because there were no restrictive covenants as there were in other areas that discriminated against buyers based on their color or religion . My first employer and forever friend was one of the first Jews able to buy a home in what had been a restricted neighborhood . The Fair Housing Act was not just a bill for justice to me . It was all so very personal . There are 25 members in my immediate family . We are of mixed race , mixed ethnicities , many nationalities . We are Catholics , Protestants , Jews and others . We are a family of immigrants with all the diversity that Lyndon Johnson celebrated . At the head of the stairs in the LBJ Library is one of my favorite quotes of my father . "  Until justice is blind to color , until education is unaware of race , until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men 's skins , emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact . " Much was accomplished when our nation "  came and reasoned together . " But there are still laws that make it harder for the poor to have access to the voting booth . And there are laws that still exist that bar equality based on whom you love . There remains much to be done . Generations of Johnsons are so grateful that four presidents are coming to the LBJ Library to celebrate this Civil Rights 50th anniversary with a new generation committed to social justice . It is our hope that by coming and reasoning together once more , we can renew our commitment to making ours a country "  blind to color , where education is unaware of race and opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men 's skins . " Only then will our proclamation for emancipation become a fact . Only then will we overcome the bondage of social injustice that hurts us all . But with a new renewal to the needs of social justice , I do believe , deep in my heart that we shall overcome someday !	Civil Rights Summit April 8-10 at LBJ Library honors 50th anniversary of civil rights laws Luci Baines Johnson 's father , LBJ , signed the 1964 Civil Rights Act on her 17th birthday She stood behind him as he signed the Voting Rights Act ; he taught her justice of the law Her dad wanted U.S. to be "  blind to color , " where education , opportunity is unaware of color
CNN  SPOILER ALERT ! It 's not just women getting cloned . That was the big twist at the end of "  Orphan Black 's " second season . The kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead . 1 . "  Orphan Black , " 9 p.m. ET , Saturday , April 18 , BBC America The cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV , thanks in large part to the performance of Tatiana Maslany , who has taken on at least six roles on the show so far , including a newly introduced transgender clone . Maslany told reporters this week that we can expect even more impressive scenes with multiple clones . "  We like to push the boundaries of what we 're able to do and the limits of those clone scenes , " she said . "  So , yes , you 'll definitely see more complex clone work this season and that 's just because we 're getting more comfortable with the technology and we 're excited by getting to sort of further complicate things . " And the introduction of a group of male clones will certainly increase the suspense . "  There definitely is a shift towards the Castor clones that we get to explore them a little bit more , " she said . The fans of the show , dubbed the "  Clone Club " have a lot to look forward to when the show premieres on Saturday the 18th , and Maslany is blown away by the response to the series so far . "  We 've always been really humbled and really inspired by our fans and by their dedication to the show and their knowledge of the show , and just how it changes their own lives . It 's incredible . " 2 . "  Turn : Washington 's Spies , " 9 p.m. ET , Monday , AMC The series about spies in the early days of the Revolutionary War returns with a new subtitle , "  Washington 's Spies , " and a new Monday night time slot . Series star Jamie Bell told CNN what we can expect in the second season . "  This year we have a lot more battles ; we have the journey of -LSB- George -RSB- Washington and we 're getting under his skin a little bit as well . We also introduce new characters like Benedict Arnold , a very infamous character in American history . " Bell hopes the series might bring more recognition to the Culper spy ring and everything it did . "  I think there should be a monument to all of the Culper ring somewhere . I was amazed that there is nothing -LSB- in Washington -RSB- about these people who did something extraordinary . " 3 . "  Game of Thrones , " 9 p.m. ET , Sunday , HBO The world of Westeros returns for a fifth season in one of the biggest season premieres of the year . Click here for more on what to expect . 4 . "  Justified , " 10 p.m. ET , Tuesday , FX Timothy Olyphant 's tour de force performance as Raylan Givens comes to an end Tuesday night , as the modern-day Western airs its season finale . We 'll have to see how his final showdown with Boyd Crowder goes . 5 . "  Veep , " 10:30 ET , Sunday , HBO Hugh Laurie joins the cast and Julia Louis-Dreyfus is now the president of the United States on HBO 's hit comedy . 6 . "  Nurse Jackie , " 9 p.m. ET , Sunday , Showtime The final season of Showtime 's long-running melodrama begins .	Critically acclaimed series "  Orphan Black " returns "  Turn : Washington 's Spies " starts a second season "  Game of Thrones " is back for season five
Gaziantep , Turkey  CNN  -- For the past eight months , close to 300 U.S. soldiers have stood guard on a hillside overlooking one of Turkey 's largest cities , scanning the skies for the threat of missiles fired from nearby Syria . The American men and women , wearing full battle armor and helmets under the hot September sun , operate a series of Patriot missile launchers and radar stations , designed to hunt and shoot down incoming missiles . Middle East reconfigured : Turkey vs. Iran vs. Saudi Arabia It is a U.S. military "  boots on the ground " deployment close to the Syrian border that has been largely overlooked during the furious debate in Washington over whether to attack the Syrian regime . "  We 're protecting against any tactical ballistic missile or rocket attack that may come from the country of Syria , " said Lt. Col. John Dawber , commander of the Patriot missile battalion originating from Fort Sill , Oklahoma . "  Our presence here is to deter such an attack , and if that attack does come , to defeat any attack on our asset . " The "  asset " is Gaziantep , a fast-growing industrial city of 1.4 million inhabitants . This sprawling metropolis is about 30 miles from the Syrian border and barely a two-hour drive from the northern Syrian battlefield city of Aleppo , which has been the target of months of Syrian government airstrikes and Scud surface-to-surface missile attacks . Late last year , at the request of the Turkish government , the U.S. , Germany and the Netherlands agreed to send three Patriot missile battalions to their NATO ally , to protect the Turkish cities of Gaziantep , Adana and Kahramanmaras . The decision was reached after a series of deadly cross-border incidents , during which the Turkish government accused Syrian government forces of killing Turkish citizens with artillery and small arms fire . The possibility that chemical weapons were used on a massive scale in neighborhoods around Damascus last week has only escalated the potential threat along the border , especially after the Syrian government threatened retaliation against U.S. allies Turkey , Jordan and Israel if it was targeted by an American attack . The U.S. troops stationed in Gaziantep say surface-to-surface missiles equipped with chemical warheads are weapons the Patriot missile systems are designed to combat . "  The nature of our branch  of the military  , air defense artillery , is that there is always a chemical threat , " said Capt. Tarik Jones , a native of Woodbridge , Virginia . Lt. Col. Dawber added that the Patriot missiles ' ability to destroy missiles armed with chemical weapons depended on many factors , including the quantity of poison on the warhead , the type of chemical agent and weather conditions . But , he added , "  I 'm pretty sure we can mitigate most of that , if not all of that , based on certain conditions . " For laymen , Jones summed up the complicated advanced technology and physics behind the Patriot system with a Nintendo video game analogy . He called the Patriots "  Duck Hunt . " "  We are able to engage missiles that are coming into the city , by shooting missiles out that are able to intercept it in the middle of the air , " he said . There are ample reasons why the Syrian government would want to attack Gaziantep . Tens -- if not hundreds -- of thousands of Syrian refugees and exiles are believed to have settled here over the past two years . It is a key operations hub for international aid efforts to northern Syria . But Gaziantep is also an important rear base of operations for Syrian opposition groups , who are supported and , in some cases , armed by the Turkish government . The mission of the U.S. troops deployed here is unusual because from their vantage point , they can see the city they have been assigned to protect . "  This is the first time in my 18-year career that we can see the asset that we 're defending , " said Dawber , who gazed past rows of Patriot missile launchers at the cityscape below . "  It 's a special reward to also enjoy the view , while protecting the asset that we cover . "	Close to 300 U.S. soldiers protect Gaziantep , an industrial city of 1.4 million people They operate Patriot missile launchers and radar stations near the Syrian border Commander : "  We 're protecting against " any Syrian "  tactical ballistic missile or rocket attack " Last year , at Turkey 's request , U.S. , Germany , Netherlands agreed to send missiles
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Coming through on a promise to crack down on protesters on the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution , Iran 's security forces clashed with demonstrators Thursday , as hundreds of thousands filled a "  disruption-free " Tehran square to hear their president announce the expansion of Iran 's nuclear program . Iran 's celebration of the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution culminated February 11 , a date that three decades ago marked the end of the country 's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic . A coalition of Iranian reformist groups had urged opponents of Iran 's hardline regime to stage nonviolent protests at central Tehran 's Azadi Square on Thursday , on the official anniversary of the ouster of Iran 's shah . However , the Iranian government deployed thousands of police and plainclothes Basij militiamen in Tehran and other cities to quash anti-government protests during anniversary celebrations . Eyewitnesses said Iranian security forces quickly squelched out opposition protests , though CNN could not independently confirm the reports . "  The city was under siege . It was controlled entirely , it was impossible to protest the way people protested before , " said Behzad Yaghmaian , author of "  Social Change in Iran . " Follow CNN 's special coverage on Iran "  So the dangers were much higher today . " Witnesses said there was some confusion about organizing the protests ; for example , it was n't clear to some whether they were supposed to hold up their signs before or after they arrived at Azadi Square , where President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was to speak . It appeared that the strength of the opposition response was less than other recent days of unrest in Iran , namely the protests on the holy day of Ashura in late December . Because of reporting restrictions , there was no way to independently confirm the turnout of the opposition . Yaghmaian said the so-called Green Movement , which is demanding democracy and fair elections , suffered a "  numbers shock . " "  The Green Movement anticipated a much larger turnout -- the turnout was not that large , and the turnout of the pro-government people was a lot larger than what people expected , " said Yaghmaian , who teaches at New Jersey 's Ramapo College . Are you there ? Send your photos , video Plainclothed and uniformed security agents assaulted vehicles carrying reformist Mehdi Karrubi , who ran for in the disputed June presidential elections , and former President Mohammad Khatami as their supporters poured onto the streets , opposition sources said . Militia members also beat the wife of opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi with batons , according to postings on the social networking Web site Facebook and opposition Web sites . The forces were preventing the opposition leaders and their followers from reaching Azadi , or Freedom Square , where Ahmadinejad delivered an anniversary address extolling the country 's nuclear program to supporters . They fired on crowds in some areas and pepper-sprayed demonstrators in others , opposition groups said . CNN has not been able to independently confirm those reports . Members of the Basij , the paramilitary force loyal to Iran 's hard-line leadership , attacked Karrubi while he was headed to a meeting with supporters , his son Mohammad-Taghi Karrubi told CNN . The militia broke a window in the car in which Karrubi was riding , an opposition Web site said . When he switched cars , that car also was attacked . "  The guards attacked , and the crowds came to him . When the crowds started to come and surrounded him , again the guards attacked with tear gas , tear as well as the batons and different kinds of weapons against the people . And unfortunately my father received very bad gas tears , and his face is burned , " Mohammad-Taghi Karrubi said . iReport video of opposition supporters in Tehran The reformist Raheh Sabz Web site said plainclothes policemen arrested Karrubi 's son Ali , as he tried to protect his father 's car . Mohammad-Taghi Karrubi confirmed the arrest of his brother Ali , the third of the leader 's four sons . "  My younger brother is arrested by police . And we were surprised because for two days we just came to demonstrate , to rally , to participate to show what we want and ask for our rights , " he said . The government said that if protesters disrupt state-sanctioned marches , they will be jailed until at least April 9 , the end of the Persian holiday of Norooz . The holiday marks the start of spring . Plainclothes security forces wielding tear gas and batons also attacked Khatami 's vehicle and supporters , as he headed to Azadi Square , forcing him to abort a plan to walk there alongside followers , the Raheh Sabz site said . Two reformist figures -- Mohammad Reza Khatami , the brother of the former president with a similar name , and his wife , Zahra Eshraghi -- were arrested , opposition groups also said . YouTube video appears to show regime motorcycle burning The Facebook page of Dr. Zahra Rahnavard , Moussavi 's wife , said she had planned to join demonstrators at Sadeghiye Square , when she "  was surrounded and attacked . " "  Plainclothes militia physically assaulted her and beat her with batons at her head and back . Zahra Rahnavard after this incident with the support of a large crowd of people who made a human shield to protect her , was able to leave the area , " the Facebook page said . Iran 's official Press TV took note of opposition protests , saying "  a few hundred supporters " of Moussavi and Karrubi gathered in a western Tehran district , and Karrubi was seen among the demonstrators . "  Police had stepped up security in the area to prevent possible disturbances , " it reported . Follow CNNIranDesk on twitter The chaotic scenes drew expressions of concern from the West , with the United States and the European Union calling on Iran to end reported abuses against its people . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the United States stands "  by the universal rights of Iranians to express themselves freely and to do so without intimidation or violence . " "  Iranians have gone out into the streets to do just that in a peaceful way , and we will continue to monitor it and continue to express our condemnation and dismay for any violence that should result in the exercising of those universal rights . " Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , said the EU is concerned about "  reports that opposition leaders have been subjected to violence and intimidation " and that some may have been detained . Observers say the pro-government Azadi Square demonstration was a well-choreographed event . One observer in the throng told CNN a relaxed and supportive atmosphere prevailed at the demonstration . There was no sign at a pro-government parade of Basij militia members , ever-present during opposition events , but they were seen stationed away from the main area of the demonstration . Government officials distributed cartons of milk , juice boxes , lemonade and cupcakes in the crowds , which appeared to number in the hundreds of thousands , the witness said . Women who usually stay home went out , and there were a number of people from outside Tehran attending , the observer said . "  They got what they wanted : a disruption-free rally , " the observer said . "  There were no potential ` greens ' in that crowd . " Flag-waving and cheering supporters heard Ahmadinejad announce that Iran has produced its first batch of 20 percent-enriched uranium and will soon triple production -- a claim that the United States dismissed . He also touched on familiar topics : He lashed out at the West , particularly the United States , and criticized its relationship with Iran 's rival , Israel . Ahmadinejad 's speech at Azadi Square ended without incident . "  There are those who stand against us because what they want is to control the Middle East and to control the world , " Ahmadinejad said . "  And an independent Iran , a free Iran , a developed Iran , a powerful Iran will naturally be a challenge for their goal . And that is why they are hostile to the Iranian nation . " Since a disputed presidential election in June , anti-government protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against hard-liner Ahmadinejad , who was declared the overwhelming winner of the race , and street demonstrations were anticipated on the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution . Over the volatile months since June , police have responded to such demonstrations with mass arrests , denouncing protesters as anti-Islamic and against the revolution . In the latest big street confrontation , on the holy day of Ashura in December , witnesses said hundreds of people were detained and seven were killed , with responsibility for the fatalities denied by the Iranian regime . As the anniversary day approached , opposition leaders urged their followers to demonstrate peacefully , and Iran has imposed tight restrictions on foreign reporters covering the anniversary , busing them to and from Ahmadinejad 's speech to prevent them from reporting on skirmishes on the streets . The precautions were meant to prevent a repeat of overt anti-government displays on other key occasions that have embarrassed and inflamed Iranian authorities . Pick-ups roamed the streets of Tehran , blaring pro-government slogans and songs from speakers , a witness said , and residents in the Iranian capital said Wednesday that text messages on many messaging services have been blocked and Internet speeds have slowed to a crawl . At Aria-Shahr square in western Tehran and in various other parts of the city , security forces fired on and tear-gassed demonstrators who chanted "  Death to the dictator , " and "  Death to  Supreme Leader Ayatollah  Khamenei , " according to opposition reports . Undeterred , the demonstrators chanted on , and many of them wore masks or handkerchiefs over their faces . Opposition videos surfacing from Tehran showed the wrath of demonstrators . One showed protesters tearing up a poster of Ayatollah Khomeini , the late founder of the Islamic Revolution , and Khamenei . Another showed people stomping on an image of Khamenei . One video showed a man apparently stripped from the waist up put in a choke hold and punched in the head by a helmeted security force member .	Militia , police keep protesters away from pro-government rally in Tehran White House espouses "  universal rights of Iranians to express themselves freely " Reports : Vehicles carrying opposition leaders attacked by security forces Observers : Pro-government Azadi Square rally was well-choreographed event
While many lawmakers have been denouncing the Staten Island grand jury decision not to indict white police officer Daniel Pantaleo in the July chokehold death of an unarmed black man , Eric Garner , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , has been taking a different approach . On Wednesday , King tweeted his gratitude to the jury for "  doing justice " in their handling of the case . "  Thanks to SI grand jury for doing justice & not yielding to outside pressure , " King tweeted . "  Decision must be respected . Compassion for the Garner family . " Later , he told Wolf Blitzer on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that he feels "  strongly " the police officer should not have been indicted , arguing that there is no way he could have known that Garner 's health conditions would affect his ability to survive the chokehold . "  The police had no reason to know he was in serious condition , " King said . "  You had a 350-pound person who was resisting arrest . The police were trying to bring him down as quickly as possible . If he had not had asthma and a heart condition and was so obese , almost definitely he would not have died . " The New York congressman also suggested that the officers had no reason to stop suppressing Garner , even though he stressed multiple times that he could not breathe . "  People were saying that he said seven times , ' I ca n't breathe . ' But if you ca n't breathe , you ca n't talk , " King said . "  So police hear that all the time . " King also defended the officer 's decision to use the chokehold as an arrest procedure . "  In this case , a chokehold was not illegal , " King said . "  It is against department regulations , but as you look carefully , I do n't think it was an intent to put him in a chokehold , because -LSB- the officer -RSB- does move the baton as he brings him down . " Obama on Garner verdict : ` We are not going to let up ' King , who grew up in New York , and has represented the state in Congress for nearly 22 years , also claimed no organization has done more to protect young African-Americans in New York City than the New York Police Department . This is not the first time King has voiced his support for a jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of an unarmed black man . Last week , King said that the President should invite Wilson to meet with him at the White House . "  I think it would be very helpful if President Obama went and met with the police officer , or at least invited him to the White House , " King said on Fox Business Network . "  And say , ` you 've gone through four months of smear and slander and the least we can do is tell you that it is unfortunate that it happened and thank you for doing your job . ' "	New York Rep. Peter King , a Republican , praised the State Island grand jury 's decision on Wednesday King says there 's no way the officer who placed Eric Garner in a chokehold could have known it would kill him
CNN  -- The discovery of millions of extra ballots proves that President Robert Mugabe intends to rig next week 's elections in his favor , Zimbabwe 's main opposition party said Sunday . President Robert Mugabe gestures during a pre-election rally in Harare on Saturday . Tendai Biti , secretary general of the Movement for Democratic Change , said that leaked correspondence from the election commission showed it had asked the company that is printing paper ballots to make 9 million . However , the African country has an electorate of 5.7 million registered voters , he said . Also , 600,000 postal paper ballots were requested for soldiers and police officers , Biti said . Postal ballots are usually requested for civil servants serving abroad , and the total number of soldiers and police in Zimbabwe add up to no more than 50,000 , he said . "  Remember , when they stole this election away from us the last time , they stole it with 350,000 votes , " Biti said . "  Six hundred thousand is double insurance . They can not win a free and fair election in this country . " The elections are slated for Saturday . Mugabe survived a hotly contested presidential challenge from MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai in 2002 amid widespread accusations of vote rigging . The president 's other challenger this time is former Finance Minister Simba Makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat Mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling party . Last week , New York-based Human Rights Watch raised doubts about the elections , saying it was likely to be "  deeply flawed . " "  As the elections near , all indications are that once again the people of Zimbabwe will not be able to freely exercise their civil and political rights and vote for the candidates of their choice , " the nongovernmental organization said in a 48-page report . The elections are expected to provide Mugabe with the toughest challenge yet in his nearly 28 years of rule . The report said the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission was partisan toward the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front and had neither the expertise nor the resources to run the elections properly . Watch Mugabe threaten to expel companies under British rule . " That report brought derision from a Zimbabwean official . "  What qualifies them to do what they 're doing -- policing the world and Africa in particular ? " asked Wilbert Gwashavanhu , political consul at Zimbabwe 's embassy in Washington . "  Why do n't they go to America and oversee how America holds its own elections ? " he said . "  Come on , give me a break ! You ca n't judge the elections before they are held . " No matter the final outcome of the election , the international community may never find out whether the vote proved to be free and fair . Independent news organizations are banned from Zimbabwe , and there are no credible monitors in place . Since 1980 , the 84-year-old Mugabe has been the country 's only ruler . But his odds of winning this time may be handicapped by Zimbabwe 's dire economic situation . The rate of inflation reported in January was 100,000 percent , and food and fuel are in short supply , the Human Rights Watch document said . With more than three in four Zimbabweans unemployed , few could afford such food and fuel anyway . The country 's downward economic spiral began in 2000 , when Mugabe sanctioned the violent seizure of commercial farms , turning some of the land over to insiders and cronies . For his part , Mugabe remains defiant , blaming his country 's economic woes on the West . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	Zimbabwe 's main opposition party says millions of extra ballot papers printed Movement for Democratic Change secretary suspects elections will be rigged President Robert Mugabe expected to face toughest challenge yet Saturday Mugabe , 84 , has ruled the African country for nearly 28 years
CNN  -- White House hopeful Mitt Romney on Thursday articulated his position on the role of religion in America , but avoided details about his personal faith . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney said "  freedom opens the windows of the soul . " Romney , who hopes to become the first Mormon president , said "  religious tolerance would be a shallow principle , indeed , if it were reserved only for faiths with which we agree . " "  There are some who would have a presidential candidate describe and explain his church 's distinctive doctrines . To do so would enable the very religious test the founders prohibited in the Constitution , " the former Massachusetts governor said . "  No candidate should become the spokesman for his faith . For if he becomes president he will need the prayers of the people of all faiths . " CNN contributor Bill Bennett said he was n't sure Romney addressed the concerns voters might have with Mormonism , but , he added , "  I do n't think he had to . " "  I can see this speech he just gave being given by any of the Republican candidates and most of the Democratic candidates , frankly . I 'm not sure he was responding to the concern ` what about this Mormon thing ? ' " Bennett said . "  I think he will probably get more questions on it , not fewer . " Another CNN contributor , Roland Martin , said the setting for the speech was a good one -- "  in the heart of the Bible Belt . " Watch Bennett and Martin debate the effectiveness of Romney 's speech " Romney spoke at former President George H. W. Bush 's presidential library at Texas A&M University before a crowd of about 300 people : a combination of friends , family and religious and conservative leaders . "  What he is trying to say is ' I am a person of faith . Forget the fact what my faith is , that I am a Mormon . You might be Christian . You might be Jewish . I 'm a person of faith . I believe in God , ' " Martin said . Romney said religion is essential to freedom , without pointing to any specific faith . "  Freedom requires religion , just as religion requires freedom . Freedom opens the windows of the soul so that man can discover his most profound beliefs and commune with God . Freedom and religion endure together , or perish alone , " the GOP contender said . Romney , who had brushed off comparisons to John F. Kennedy 's famous address , did n't hesitate to mention the 1960 speech . "  Almost 50 years ago another candidate from Massachusetts explained that he was an American running for president , not a Catholic running for president , " Romney said . "  Like him , I am an American running for president . I do not define my candidacy by my religion . A person should not be elected because of his faith nor should he be rejected because of his faith . " Watch Romney explain what role religion would play in his presidency " Kennedy took the stage in Houston , Texas , and addressed concerns that the Vatican would influence his policies . Watch Kennedy describe the ` real issues ' of his time " Like Kennedy , Romney told the audience that his church would not influence his presidential decisions . Romney said he did not "  confuse " religion and politics as governor and he would not do it as president . "  If I am fortunate to become your president , I will serve no one religion , no one group , no one cause , and no one interest . A president must serve only the common cause of the people of the United States , " he said . Romney , however , said he would not distance himself from his religion . Watch what 's behind Romney 's decision to talk about faith " "  I believe in my Mormon faith and I endeavor to live by it . My faith is the faith of my fathers -- I will be true to them and to my beliefs , " he said , adding that if his faith hurts his candidacy , "  so be it . " Romney avoided explaining differences in his church 's beliefs and other faiths . Instead , he pointed to similarities between churches in America , saying they share a "  common creed of moral convictions . " Romney said he thought some have taken the idea of separation of church and state beyond its original meaning by trying to remove any acknowledgment of God from the public arena . "  It is as if they are intent on establishing a new religion in America -- the religion of secularism . They are wrong , " he said . Nearly 77 percent of those questioned in an October CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll said the fact that a candidate is a Mormon would not be a factor in the way they vote for president . But a significant portion -- 19 percent -- said they are less likely to vote for a Mormon . "  Those who have the biggest problem supporting a Mormon are churchgoing and evangelical Christians -- particularly those who believe that Mormonism is not a Christian religion , " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said , citing the October poll . What do Mormons believe ? " And that also represents a large portion of the Republican base . Religion reporter Dick Ostling said Romney 's speech marks an important moment for Mormons . "  Historically , the church has been very vigorously persecuted , " Ostling told CNN . "  And today they are becoming more normalized in the normal run of American life . " Ostling said Romney is trying to make the case that although there are are a lot of differences between the Mormon church and Protestant and Catholic Christians , "  we can unite behind these cultural , American moral values . " Romney is trying to win over conservative Christians as rival Republican Mike Huckabee , a former Baptist minister , makes gains in the polls . The former Arkansas governor is touted in one of his television ads as the "  Christian leader . " "  Understand , Mike Huckabee is rising because he is speaking to those social conservatives , these evangelicals . So Mitt Romney needs to identify with them saying , ` You 're a person of faith , I 'm a person of faith , let 's break bread together , and let 's agree to agree or agree to disagree , ' " Martin said . E-mail to a friend	Romney : Freedom requires religion , just as religion requires freedom Romney says he wo n't confuse religion and politics Romney : ` My convictions will indeed inform my presidency ' Speech is being compared to JFK 's 1960 speech about Catholicism , politics
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean court has issued an arrest warrant for the brother of President Lee Myung-bak on bribery charges , a court official said Wednesday , dealing a blow to the governing party ahead of elections later this year . Lee Sang-deuk , a former six-term lawmaker , has been charged over allegations he received about half a million dollars from the savings banks Solomon and Mirae in exchange for exerting influence over officials investigating the banks , the court official said . He was taken to a detention center early Wednesday after the issuing of the arrest warrant , said the court official , who declined to be identified because she is not authorized to speak publicly on the case . Lee Sang-deuk is considered to have been the major force behind Lee Myung-bak 's presidential election in 2007 . The incumbent president wo n't be running for re-election later this year because the law limits presidents to only one five-year term , but the arrest taints the image of his governing party . Lee Sang-deuk 's lawyer did not return calls seeking comment on Wednesday . The president 's brother said he was sorry as he was taken to the detention center but did not comment further , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported . The operations of Solomon and Mirae were suspended in May for six months by the authorities , prompting anger from people who were unable to retrieve money they had deposited in the banks . Lee Sang-deuk is not the first relative of a South Korean president to face criminal charges . "  Families of former presidents have been misusing power before , " said Kwang Won-taek , professor at Seoul National University . "  The current 's president 's term is going to end soon and the suspicions are surfacing . " Former President Roh Moo-hyun committed suicide in 2009 amid an investigation into a bribery scandal that had tarnished his reputation . His older brother was convicted and sentenced to prison . And former President Kim Dae-jung 's three sons were also imprisoned for corruption by the end of his presidential term . Lee Sang-deuk 's arrest came after the announcement by Park Geun-hye , the daughter of former President Park Chung-hee , that she would be running for president this year . Park Chung-hee , who was shot and killed by his intelligence chief in 1979 , stirs mixed reactions among South Koreans . Some members of older generations consider him a national hero who built up the nation 's economy , but some critics say he was a dictator who abused human rights . Park Geun-hye said Tuesday that she would aim for "  transparent , capable , and service-oriented government " if she were to be elected , Yonhap reported . Her mother was shot and killed in 1974 by a Japanese-born Korean who had close ties to North Korea .	Lee Sang-deuk is seen as a major force in the president 's election He is alleged to have received money from troubled savings banks Relatives of previous South Korean presidents have also faced charges The daughter of a former president says she will run for president this year
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The Japanese government stepped in Monday to weaken the yen , after it climbed to a post-World War II high against the dollar . Finance Minister Jun Assume said Japan intervened unilaterally at 10:25 a.m. . It was the third intervention this year . "  Foreign exchange rates should reflect the real economy and fluctuate within the range of common sense . Otherwise it will distort the real economy , " Azumi said . "  I decided it  the intervention  this morning as I can not tolerate such appreciation . " The yen went up to the post-war high of 75.32 per dollar early Monday . The intervention immediately sent it tumbling to 79 per dollar . The government is worried that a strengthened yen will impact its economy , which relies heavily on exports . The country has only now begun to recover from the devastating aftereffects of a March 11 earthquake and tsunami . "  The yen 's appreciation might close down factories and I can not tolerate it , " Azumi said . For every 1 yen appreciation against the dollar , Toyota , the car manufacturer , loses 30 billion yen  $ 380 million  in profits . The stock market , however , lost the upward momentum after an initial 100-point gain as some analysts expressed skepticism about the effectiveness of the intervention . "  The question is how long will the effect of the intervention continue , " said Toshihiko Matsuno , a senior strategist of SMBC Friend Securities . "  The market is looking at the past examples . If this is a one-time only , the effect would be limited . It all depends how far the government is ready to intervene . It 's a battle between the market and the government . "	Azumi : "  Foreign exchange rates should reflect the real economy " The yen went up to a post-war high of 75.32 per dollar The government is worried that a strengthened yen will impact its economy , which relies heavily on exports
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- President Richard Nixon continues to loom large over America 's political imagination . This week , CNN will air a documentary , "  Our Nixon , " based on home movies from three of Nixon 's top advisers : H.R. Haldeman , John Ehrlichman and Dwight Chapin , all of whom served time in prison . The film offers viewers a behind-the-scenes look at what it was like to be part of that White House during one of the most turbulent periods in the nation 's recent history . The film joins a huge library of books , movies , documentaries , academic publications and music -- all of which have taken us into one of the most puzzling and troubling American presidencies . In his most recent comedy special , comedian Louis C.K. mocked younger Americans who complain about their frustration with President Barack Obama , reminding them , "  Today people are like , ` The president 's kind of disappointing . ' Really ? Our president wept like an insane person and then got on a helicopter and flew away ! " Despite our fascination with Nixon , it is remarkable how many of the important lessons from his presidency that we forget and how many of the problems that emerged in the final months of the Watergate scandal remain with us . As the nation looks back at Nixon 's legacy with this film and other anniversary commemorations that are certain to come , we would do well to think harder about four lessons from those difficult days about the problems with our government institutions and our political leaders so that we make sure to do better for future generations . Lesson 1 : The dangers of executive power Nixon believed firmly in the power of the presidency . As Nixon later told David Frost , "  When the president does it , that means that it is not illegal . " At the heart of Watergate was Nixon 's effort to obstruct an investigation into his presidency . Even before this scandal unfolded , Nixon had employed executive power in aggressive fashion to combat the Democratic Congress and federal bureaucracy . Yet , executive power has remained extremely strong since that time . Even though Congress reasserted its role in a number of areas , such as the budget , the nation 's political leaders and voters continued to accept an extraordinarily strong presidency in which members of the executive branch were able to take actions without accountability and the public was supposed to trust presidents to do the right thing . Too often , Americans have learned , they did n't do the right thing . Most recently , we have seen enormous growth of executive power since 9/11 . The recent stories surrounding the National Security Agency and the surveillance program is an important reminder of how much power we bestow on this branch of government . Members of both parties who claim that we can trust elected officials to do the right thing might want to look back at Nixon to remember how far the envelope can be pushed . Lesson 2 : What Congress can do Congress has been the focus of criticism throughout American history . But in the Watergate crisis , public approval of the legislative branch skyrocketed as America saw a political institution that aggressively responded to a breakdown in our system . As the reports emerged about what had gone on , the Senate stepped to the forefront of the investigation and forced administration officials to stand before the public and reveal what had happened . The Senate was also instrumental in opening the investigation to other kinds of wrongdoing that had been taking place . After Nixon resigned , Congress approved reforms that aimed to improve the political system , some of which did create better rules for campaign finance and openness in government . Today 's Congress does n't seem to have the same character . It is an institution where investigations are conducted primarily as partisan affairs , and Congress shows little interest in tackling the underlying problems -- such as campaign finance or ethics -- that are at play in key scandals that have emerged . Nor does Congress show the capacity to function in the same way as the institution did during those dramatic years . Lesson 3 : Money and politics Beyond the break-in , the Watergate investigation raised all kinds of issues that disturbed Americans about how the political system worked . During the congressional hearings , there was massive evidence that the Nixon White House had made policy decisions that were related to campaign contributions . The hearings included dramatic stories of one administration official , G. Gordon Liddy , obtaining a briefcase with $ 83,000 and the president reversing policies because the milk industry made donations . It became clear that the lines separating policy and money were thin . For some time , Congress made the system better . The campaign reforms in 1974 created a system of public finance for presidential elections that vastly diminished the amount of private funds in campaigns . They also imposed limits on campaign contributions in presidential and congressional elections . Although the reforms improved campaign finance for over a decade , gradually candidates and contributors found loopholes in the system . Supreme Court decisions , starting with Buckley v. Valeo  1976  undercut the power of the reforms . Most recently , George W. Bush and Barack Obama decided that they would not accept the public money for their campaigns , which in turn allowed them to take as much private money as they wanted . Today , there is a tsunami of private money flowing into our political system . Washington is dominated by fundraising . Until the nation truly does something about how campaign finance works , we leave ourselves open to repeating the mistakes that surrounded Watergate . Lesson 4 : Investigative journalism is essential A positive change to come out of Watergate was a new ethic of journalism . Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , two reporters for The Washington Post , were a driving force behind the investigation as they discovered how the burglars in the Watergate had links to the Committee to Re-Elect the President . Other journalists , such as CBS anchor Walter Cronkite , played a huge role in connecting the dots of this story . Woodward and Bernstein became models for younger journalists , encouraging them to conduct fearless investigations into power . Investigative journalism moved to the forefront of the profession , with younger reporters determined to find the next Watergate . Yet today that kind of journalism is under attack . As Katrina vanden Heuvel wrote in The Washington Post , there has been a dangerous trend since 9/11 . First , many in the news industry failed to ask tough questions during the run-up to the Iraq War in 2003 . In recent years , the Obama administration has dramatically increased the prosecution of suspected leakers . And a federal appeals court recently prohibited reporters from invoking the First Amendment to avoid testifying in cases about leaks . . The "  very act of newsgathering , " vanden Heuvel writes , "  is under siege ... " Unfortunately , too many of the problems that shaped Nixon 's presidency continue today and , if we do n't do something about it , we might just end up with another major scandal on our hands , of the kind that is shown in "  Our Nixon . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	A film based on home movies by Nixon aides airs on CNN at 9 p.m. ET Thursday Julian Zelizer says the film is a reminder of key lessons from Nixon 's presidency He says Watergate showed dangers of executive power , need for investigative reporting Zelizer : In Watergate , an energized Congress showed effectiveness
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities arrested Vicente Carrillo Leyva , a leader of the Carrillo Fuentes drug cartel , officials announced Thursday . Vicente Carrillo Leyva is escorted by police at a news conference in Mexico City on Thursday . Carrillo Leyva was arrested as he exercised in a park in a residential area of Mexico City , where he had been living under the alias Alejandro Peralta Alvarez , officials said . The federal attorney general 's office told reporters he was tracked through his wife , who did not change her name . Carrillo Leyva "  is considered one of the heirs to the criminal organization known as the Juarez Cartel , after the death of his father , Amado Carrillo Fuentes , " said Assistant Prosecutor Maricela Morales . His father died in July 1997 while undergoing plastic surgery to alter his appearance in an effort to avoid capture . Amado Carrillo was known as "  El Senor de los Cielos , " the "  Lord of the Skies , " because of the fleet of jetliners he used to transport cocaine from Colombia to Mexico . Carrillo Leyva , 32 , was presented at the news conference , surrounded by black-clad , hooded law-enforcement officials . He wore dark-frame glasses and a white jogging suit with double black stripes on the sleeves . His dark hair was long and shaggy . Last month , federal officials offered a reward of up to $ 2.16 million  30 million pesos  for information leading to his arrest . The same reward has been offered for his uncle , cartel leader Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , also known as "  El Viceroy " and "  El General , " who remains at-large . Rewards of $ 2 million apiece have been offered for 22 other leading cartel suspects . Wednesday 's arrest was the fourth detention of a top drug cartel leader in recent weeks . Last week , officials announced the arrest of Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior , " a top lieutenant of the Beltran Leyva cartel . He was arrested in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state , along Mexico 's border with the United States . The previous week , Mexican authorities announced the arrest of Sigifredo Najera Talamantes , a drug-trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers . Talamantes , also known as "  El Canicon , " also is suspected in attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex agency said . That same week , the Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame drug cartels for a surge in violence in the region . Despite the violence , Mexican officials say the country is generally safe and that tourist areas such as Cancun and Acapulco are heavily patrolled . Watch Leyva get escorted by law enforcement officials " Officials from Acapulco city hall , the Guerrero state government and the Mexico attorney general went so far as to sign a statement in early March assuring students wanting to go there on spring break that efforts had been taken to ensure their safety . In a speech in mid-March , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said 93 percent of the 6,500 deaths attributed to organized crime in 2008 occurred among the criminals . Most of the rest were law enforcement authorities , officials have said . Few civilians are killed , the president said . In that same speech , Calderon ridiculed those who say Mexico is unsafe . "  It is absolutely false , absurd , that anyone indicate that Mexico does not have control over one single part of its national territory , " he said . "  I challenge anyone who says that to tell me what part of the country they want to go to and I will take that person there . " Analysts point out that most of the violence is occurring along the U.S. border , particularly in Ciudad Juarez , Chihuahua and Tijuana . Drug cartel violence is also found on Mexico 's western coast . "  The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern , " the U.S. State Department said in a February 20 travel alert . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008 . Additionally , this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008 . " The State Department advisory tells U.S. citizens how best to remain safe . "  While millions of U.S. citizens safely visit Mexico each year  including thousands who cross the land border every day for study , tourism or business  , violence in the country has increased recently . It is imperative that travelers understand the risks of travel to Mexico , how best to avoid dangerous situations , and whom to contact if one becomes a crime victim . Common-sense precautions such as visiting only legitimate business and tourist areas during daylight hours , and avoiding areas where prostitution and drug dealing might occur , can help ensure that travel to Mexico is safe and enjoyable . " CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this story .	Vicente Carrillo Leyva , 32 , arrested in Mexico City , officials say He was living under fake name ; was found through his wife , who used her own name This is the fourth arrest of major drug cartel suspect in recent weeks Authorities in U.S. and Mexico blame drug cartels for surge in violence near border
CNN  -- A bodybuilding icon . A fitness innovator . A magazine publisher . A mentor to one of the world 's biggest action heroes . A pioneer . Joe Weider was all those things and more in his 93 years , right up until his death Saturday morning at a Los Angeles hospital . Calling his "  dear friend and mentor ... a titan in the fitness industry and one of the kindest men I have ever met , " Arnold Schwarzenegger said "  very few people can claim to have influenced as many lives as Joe did through his magazines , his supplements , his training equipment and his big-hearted personality . " "  Joe was known for urging everyone , ` Exceed yourself , ' " Schwarzenegger wrote on his website . "  And there is no question that throughout his life , he did just that . " Growing up in a tough part of the Canadian city of Montreal during the Great Depression , the once undersized Weider 's life started to turn when he began lifting a makeshift barbell . Weider entered his first weightlifting contest at age 17 , soon earning a name for himself in Canada , according to his website . At age 20 , he started his first magazine , Your Physique . It proved to be the first of several successful business ventures , one of them being the Weider Barbell Co. . Over the next few decades , Weider went onto become attached especially to the bodybuilding world -- having helped create , in 1946 , the International Federation of Bodybuilders and , in 1965 , creating the inaugural Mr. Olympia contest . Other competitions followed , such as Ms. Olympia in 1980 , Fitness Olympia in 1995 and Figure Olympia in 2003 . He also built out his magazine publishing empire with titles that included Shape , Men 's Fitness , Flex , Natural Health and Muscle and Fitness . Schwarzenegger was one of the thousands who read Weider 's magazines growing up , saying they "  provided me with the inspiration and the blueprint to push myself beyond my limits and imagine a much bigger future . " Later , it was Weider who invited Schwarzenegger to leave Austria for the United States , financed his move and helped to propel his career in bodybuilding , acting and business . "  He freely gave of his time and expertise and became a father figure for me , " recalled Schwarzenegger , who became a top-grossing movie star and governor of California . "  He advised me on my training , on my business ventures , and once , bizarrely , claimed I was a German Shakespearean actor to get me my first acting role in "  Hercules in New York " , even though I barely spoke English . " Weider remained active "  almost until the end , " even after being diagnosed 12 years ago with a heart condition , amyloidosis , said his publicist Charlotte Parker . "  That never slowed him down , " said Parker , who worked with Weider for about 20 years . "  He was amazing . " By helping popularize weight training , supplement and vitamin use , and fitness equipment -- whether in a gym , a school or a home -- Weider helped change the way the world looks at fitness and health , according to Parker . Outside of all that , his friends knew him as a very giving , smart person . "  He was generous , loving , full of life , " said Parker . "  He was a great man . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Joe Weider created Mr. Olympia , Ms. Olympia and various fitness competitions He also published magazines such as Shape , Men 's Fitness and Flex Schwarzenegger describes him as kind , generous and "  a titan in the fitness industry " Weider died Saturday at a Los Angeles hospital ; he was 93
CNN  -- The annual San Diego Comic-Con , mecca of all things pop culture , began on Wednesday night and runs through Sunday , July 27 . The massive convention -- known for giving fans a first look at the latest "  geek-friendly " TV , film and of course , comics -- is also a major gathering for cosplayers  that is , fans who wear costumes of their favorite characters  . Cosplay is an integral part of Comic-Con and similar conventions , with countless fans creating elaborate costumes to transform into superhero , comic book , video game , television or movie characters . And while the costumes are varied , there are certainly some favorite characters for cosplayers , as evidenced by photos we 've seen of them over the years on CNN iReport . From Iron Man to Wonder Woman , to the Joker and the tried and true Klingon costume , we 've gathered examples of these characters from Comic-Cons , past and present . Take a look at the gallery above , then share in the comments below which ones you prefer among each slide in the gallery . We 'll continue to update the gallery throughout SDCC 2014 with new photos of competing costumes . Come back Saturday and Sunday to see new photos featured in the gallery and discuss cosplay . Comic-Con : Ben Affleck 's ` Batman ' makes an appearance Darth Car unveiled at Comic-Con	San Diego Comic-Con is a haven for cosplayers Some characters have emerged as favorites for cosplayers over the years Share your SDCC 2014 cosplay photos
CNN  -- Para-gliders soar above the snowy peaks and broad pistes where hundreds of youngsters are taking their first lessons at Europe 's biggest ski school . Nestled within the Engadine Valley beneath the Swiss Alps , St Moritz has earned a reputation as one of the world 's greatest winter playgrounds . The resort will host the World Alpine Skiing Championships for the fifth time in 2017 and is bidding to stage the Winter Olympics for a record third time in 2022 . At the foot of the mountains the world Bobsleigh Championship is taking place , giving motorists a momentary glimpse of the action as the bob hurtles above the ice wall . Amateur daredevils on the nearby Cresta Run can almost match the bobsleigh speeds of up to 140 kilometers per hour . The private club was established by British visitors as a winter tourist destination towards the end of the 19th Century . On the valley floor stands the frozen lake of St Moritz -- home to an unlikely event of similar vintage -- "  White Turf " -- horse racing on snow and ice . "  White Turf is an exceptional event , " said the event 's president , Silvio Staub . "  It 's a meeting dating back from 1907 , so it 's the 106th anniversary this year . It 's run on three Sundays in February and usually we have about 30,000 people attending . " Watching paint dry is a mere instance compared to watching ice form , but each year the organizers have to wait patiently for a solid layer of at least 30 centimeters before declaring the event safe . Then an army of helpers is needed to prepare the temporary land mass . A race track is marked out , while piste-bashers compact snow on top of the ice , affording the horses a modicum of grip . Mobile starting gates are rolled in along with grandstands and a row of tents containing jockey changing and weighing rooms and the all-important corporate lounges . The race card at each meeting features flat racing , winter-style trotting and the local speciality , skijoring -- an awkward combination of horse , human and skis which is a clear crowd favorite . Horses for White Turf are brought to St Moritz from all over the world , including Hungary , Italy , France , Germany and the UK . Before they set hoof onto the snow they have to undergo a change of shoes , a feat made possible by farrier Christian Lampert , who replaces regular shoes with a set containing winter grips and a unique layer of silicone to prevent snow sticking to hooves . "  This has been invented and patented here in St Moritz . Without this , a pack of snow would form underneath and the horse would slip . It keeps the snow away , " he said . Instead of adhering to hooves , the trampled snow forms a perilous kickback cloud fired into the path of the jockeys , who also need protection . "  It 's like snowballs being thrown at you by a half tonne man , so it can be quite sore at times , " said jockey Robert Havlin . To counter this , he sports a mask used by motocross riders in muddy conditions . En masse it produces the effect of a cavalry of Star Wars Clone Troopers riding into battle . Another addition to the jockey wardrobe at White Turf is an oversized pair of fleecy slippers which would look less out of place on a circus clown -- vital footwear to cover riding boots while hanging around on a frozen lake before the race . Even at this high altitude , the horses are physically able to handle the strain . "  The altitude for the heart and lungs is not a problem for the horses , " said vet Annina Widmer . "  It 's not dangerous to them . Maybe skijoring is dangerous because the horses are not really under control , but otherwise there is no risk . " Franco Moro is a six-time skijoring champion -- and winner of sixteen races . As leader of the St Moritz ski school he can often be found handing out prizes to young skiers . But when White Turf comes to town , he 's aiming for a prize of his own - "  King of Engadine " -- for the skijoring competitor who scores the most points over the three weekends . Skijoring requires expert skiing skills as the jockey is pulled behind a rider-less horse . "  We have not got that much control " said Moro . "  Around 20 % is the driver 's responsibility and 80 % is the horse . " One of the hazards is the first bend , where all horses are aiming for the inside track and the curve sends skiers wide . Jockeys often find themselves in the terrifying position of skiing alongside the sprinting horse of the team behind him . Franco uses his elbows to nudge horses aside -- if a hoof steps on a ski it 's enough to end their chances of winning . In the first race Franco finishes well down the field . But with two more weekends to go , he still has a chance to regain the title he lost last year . His pedigree in this unusual event is unmatched and only the brave would bet against the former "  King of Engadine " regaining his crown .	Horses race on ice at the annual White Turf competition 106th anniversary , held on the frozen lake of St Moritz , Switzerland Includes skijoring , in which jockeys ski behind rider-less horses Snow forms a perilous kickback cloud fired into the path of jockeys
CNN  -- The Pakistani teen blogger simply sought to get an education . But she became a symbol of defiance against militants , empowering young women worldwide . The story of Malala Yousufzai , 15 , an outspoken critic of the Taliban , is full of contradictions . Tragic , yet triumphant . Unafraid , yet battling one of the world 's most feared terror groups . An old soul , yet just a kid . For years , the young activist has been at odds with the Taliban over her education crusade . She has openly defied the group 's teachings on educating girls and encouraged her peers to do the same . In an attempt to silence her , militants stormed her school van in October , barked out her name and put a bullet in her head . But the attack only amplified her voice and rallied a world of supporters to her side . CNN.com readers voted her as the second-most intriguing person of 2012 , days after she was short-listed for Time 's Person of the Year . U.S. President Barack Obama came first in both lists . Most intriguing people of 2012 Constant threats Malala 's global recognition has come with a price . While most girls her age relish their teen years , she is undergoing grueling treatment in Britain after the shooting . She lives under constant threats for going to school in the conservative Swat Valley region in northwest Pakistan , where women are repressed under the militants ' strict interpretation of Islam . Despite the dangers , Malala blogged ferociously about her dream of learning without fear . She used television interviews , documentaries and took to the streets to challenge the iron hand on women . She accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance . "  Where in the Quran does it say that girls should not be educated ? " she asked last year . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Her role as an activist led to the attack on the van carrying her and other girls home from school , two of whom were also hurt , but not as severely . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " a Taliban spokesman later said . Slow recovery More than two months after the assassination attempt , Malala is still undergoing treatment . She went from an intensive care unit in Pakistan to a hospital in the British city of Birmingham . Before she left home , she was unconscious . She now walks , writes and reads . After she regains her strength , she will undergo more surgeries . It is astounding that she suffered no major brain or nerve damage from the shooting , her doctors say . Photos : Malala and the women of Pakistan Her story of defiance has sparked marches worldwide demanding girls ' education . It has inspired girls in far-flung areas , who relate to her because she is a child herself . World leaders have hailed the "  Malala effect " that made young girls even more determined to get an education . On November 10 , the United Nations marked Malala Day to honor her advocacy work . And her fight for education is not over yet . In a message this month thanking supporters , she told them not to make this about her . "  People have actually supported a cause , not an individual , " she said . "  Let 's work together to educate girls around the world . " In her continued commitment to education , she called on Pakistani officials Friday to reverse a decision to name a school after her . She made the request over safety concerns for the students after the Taliban attacked the school . Before she intervened , students protested and tore down her pictures over the decision to name the school after her , saying the move put them at risk . ' A new heroine ' Pakistani girls ' education has long been hampered by widespread poverty and threats by hardline Islamist groups . The United Nations estimates 32 million girls worldwide do n't have access to an education . Roughly 10 % of those live in Pakistan . "  Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl 's right to education , " former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said last month . "  Malala 's courage has awoken Pakistan 's silent majority who are no longer prepared to tolerate the threats and intimidations of the Pakistan Taliban . " Since Malala was 11 , she has used her blog to encourage girls to go to school despite Taliban threats . Her focus led her homeland to award her its first National Peace Prize last year . In January 2009 , militants took over her once-tranquil city in Swat Valley and ordered schools to stop educating girls . She blogged about the Taliban 's efforts to scare girls away from learning institutions . They raided homes to confiscate books , she said . Malala hid hers under her bed . "  I was scared of being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education , " she said last year . Her fears almost came to fruition . After the shooting , militants vowed that if she survived , they would go after her again . They also threatened to kill journalists covering her story . "  This filthy , godless media has taken huge advantage of this situation , and journalists have started passing judgment on us , " the Taliban said in a statement . Malala is uncowed . When she takes a break from treatment , a white teddy bear with a pink bow sits on her lap . In her hands , there is always an open book .	The education advocate is a global symbol of empowerment for young women Support pours in after a Taliban gunman shoots her for attending school "  Where in the Quran does it say that girls should not be educated ? " she asks
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso savored the sweet taste of victory in front of his home fans after kickstarting his Formula One title bid with a commanding victory in Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix . The two-time world champion won by more than nine seconds from Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen after starting from fifth on the grid , as he reduced his deficit behind overall leader Sebastian Vettel to 17 points . "  It 's very special winning at home , it does n't matter how many times you do , it 's always like starting from zero , " said the 31-year-old , whose only other victory at the Circuit de Catalunya was back in 2006 in the same season he won his second world title with Renault . "  It was fantastically emotional and the fans really helped because you feel the support from everyone . "  The last laps are very long because you want the race to finish as soon as possible , but I 'm very happy for the team . " F1 interactive : Latest results and standings It was a good day for Ferrari , as Felipe Massa bounced back from the three-place grid penalty that dropped him to ninth at the start , with the Brazilian claiming third on the podium ahead of Vettel and the German 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber . "  I was a little disappointed after qualifying yesterday , but the race was very good for us and we were very aggressive , " Massa said . "  We struggled a bit on the tires to survive in a good way -- and the race was very good for us . " Alonso , who made a flying start , had four pit stops as opposed to the three of Raikkonen due to an early puncture but was able to take the checkered flag for the 32nd time in his career to move above Lewis Hamilton into third place overall . Raikkonen reduced Vettel 's lead to just four points as the Finn finished second for the third successive race , having also won the season opener in Australia . "  I do n't mind finishing second . I 'm here only to do as good a race as I can and , despite finishing second , we have to take what we can from every race , " the 2007 world champion said . Vettel said the difference in pace with his rivals was due to tire wear and not the cars . "  The first three cars were a little too fast for us and in looking after their tires they did a better job today . "  If you talk about race distances , then it 's a different game . I think the car is quick enough , but there 's something we do to the tires to make them wear more . " Pole-sitter Nico Rosberg was sixth for Mercedes as the team 's pre-race worries about tire degradation proved correct -- Hamilton dropped from second at the start to finish outside the points in 12th . "  We have got a lot of work to do , " Hamilton said . "  We both went backwards , but I went back a long , long way and I do n't know why . We will go back to the drawing board and see what we can do . " Paul di Resta continued his solid season with seventh for Force India , while 2009 world champion Jenson Button fought back from a torrid qualifying on Saturday to claim eighth ahead of McLaren teammate Sergio Perez . Daniel Ricciardo earned the final point on offer as he finished 10th for Toro Rosso .	Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso wins his home Spanish Grand Prix for the second time Teammate Felipe Massa claims third behind Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen Raikkonen closes gap on overall leader Sebastian Vettel , who is fourth for Red Bull Pole winner Nico Rosberg is sixth , while teammate Lewis Hamilton drops to 12th
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The "  Dream 9 , " five women and four men , say that they are "  undocumented and unafraid . " Do n't believe it . I bet they were afraid . Who would n't have been ? The nine -- Claudia Amaro , Adriana Gil Diaz , Luis Leon Lopez , Maria Peniche-Vargas , Ceferino Santiago , LuLu Martinez Valdez , Mario Felix-Garcia , Marco Saavedra and Lizbeth Mateo-Jimenez -- spent more than two weeks in a federal immigration detention facility in Eloy , AZ. . Martinez Valdez and Peniche-Vargas -- had been put in solitary confinement for what was supposed to be 15 days . All because they would n't take "  go " for an answer . Some of these "  Dreamers " had been deported to Mexico by the Obama administration , though President Obama has repeatedly said that his administration is not looking to deport Dreamers -- the name taken by young immigrants who are in the U.S. without papers . Three of them who were on this side of the border -- Saavedra , Martinez Valdez and Mateo-Jimenez -- "  self deported " to Mexico to join the other six . Then , on July 22 , all nine linked arms and marched across the border into the United States . The idea was to draw attention to the administration 's repressive immigration policies . The nine asked for humanitarian parole . When that was denied , they claimed asylum . Opinion : Let 's deport Rep. Steve King Now , they have been set free . Earlier in the week , federal officials found that all nine have "  credible fear " of persecution or torture in their birth countries and thus can not be removed without a hearing before an immigration judge . Pending those hearings , the nine have now been released into the waiting arms of family members within the United States . It 's a major victory for the Dreamer movement . For many , this is a heartwarming story about the power of the individual who is brave enough to make a stand . For others , it is major inconvenience . It 's a story that the White House wishes would go away . Ditto for immigration reformers who are split between those who back the Dream 9 and those who want to sacrifice them for political expediency . David Leopold , former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association , callously dismissed the Dream 9 action as a "  publicity stunt " and a distraction . He also said it was unlikely that the three Dreamers who voluntarily left the United States would qualify for asylum . So far , Leopold has been spectacularly wrong . All nine will get asylum hearings . And the Dreamers got more warmth from Congress . Thirty-five lawmakers signed a letter asking Obama to use his discretion to release the young people from custody . The letter -- signed by Reps. Mike Honda , D-California , Raul Grijalva , D-Arizona , and Ruben Hinojosa , D-Texas , among others -- describes the activists as "  victims of our broken immigration policy " who "  deserve to come home to the United States . " Immigration reformers were bound to lose confidence in this administration . A president ca n't deport nearly 2 million people in under five years , split up hundreds of thousands of families , detain thousands of undocumented children without giving them access to legal counsel , and expand Arizona-style immigration enforcement nationwide through the maniacal program known as "  Secure Communities " without raising a stink . For many , what happened to the Dream 9 was the last straw . Searching for the American Dream in Mexico Martinez-Valdez and Peniche-Vargas were in solitary confinement because , according to authorities , they started a ruckus in the dining hall . Of course they did . Did n't Obama say that the Dreamers were Americans except for legal status ? This is how Americans behave . We 're ornery , courageous and defiant . We yell "  freedom " at the top of our lungs . These kids are Americans , all right . The next thing you know , a bunch of Dreamers will dump tea into Boston Harbor . Besides , Obama made quite a show -- before the election -- of announcing that his administration was sparing Dreamers deportation by offering deferred action and temporary work permits . Nearly 300,000 Dreamers have been awarded the special accommodation so far . There 's not room for nine more ? Some might not be eligible for deferred action , some might be . Let 's find out . Maybe there would be more compassion on the Potomac if these young people had n't embarrassed Obama , put the lie to the fairy tale that this administration has been compassionate toward immigrants , divided self-serving organizations such as the lawyers group AILA , and pitted one group of immigration reformers against another -- those who want to protect the Dreamers versus those who want to protect the president . I 've had my differences with the Dreamer movement . I think that many of these young people have a sense of entitlement , like most young people in the United States . I did n't think it was a good idea for Dreamer activists to disrupt congressional hearings on immigration reform , or occupy the offices of reform advocates like Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois . And I think much of what drives Dreamer activists within the United States is a look-at-me narcissism fed by social media and a culture where young people are told they can become the next American Idol . Opinion : House , knowledge economy needs immigrants But I never questioned their sincerity , or dismissed anything they did as a stunt . I would n't presume to tell people who put their freedom at risk along the U.S.-Mexico border that the difficult decisions they 're making are the wrong ones . And I certainly would n't do it to protect an administration that does n't deserve protecting . The Dream 9 are back where they belong -- in the United States . But this story is n't over . The fault lines it exposed within the immigration reform movement remain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Nine Dreamer activists were in federal immigration detention in Arizona They 'd tried to re-enter the U.S. asking for humanitarian parole or asylum and were jailed He says they have been freed , granted immigration hearing , drew support from Congress Navarrette : DREAMers sometimes have look-at-me activism , but this request is valid
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Car bombs targeting Shiite pilgrims killed at least 32 people and wounded 154 others south of Baghdad on Friday , an Interior Ministry official said . Police said two bombs blew up in quick succession in Karbala , where the pilgrims had congregated at the shrine of Imam Hussein . The people were marking Arbaeen -- the end of the 40-day mourning period at the close of Ashura . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. . That event helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . In Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded targeting Shiite pilgrims killed one person and wounded 15 others .	NEW : 154 others wounded in bombings Bombs targeted at Shiite pilgrims 2 bombs hit in Karbala , one in Baghdad
CNN  Double Masters champion , seven-time PGA Tour winner ... and now part-owner of his local Minor League baseball club . Bubba Watson is branching out . After his first Masters victory in 2012 , Watson recalled that his father had always hoped that he would become a baseball player rather than a golfer , and now he has done the next best thing by buying a stake in Florida outfit the Pensacola Blue Wahoos . The Wahoos are based around 20 miles from Bagdad , the small town in which the extrovert golf star grew up . But the 36-year-old -- who last year took batting practice with Wahoos players before their game against the Mobile BayBears -- was quick to stress that majority owners Quint and Rishy Studer would n't be letting him live out his dream of playing for the team . In a Wahoos statement announcing the deal , Watson explained : "  You wo n't see me out there in a uniform . I already asked , and they said I ca n't do that even if I own part of the team . "  Ever since I went to my first Blue Wahoos game , I have been a big fan . I love the atmosphere . It 's such a great place to go with friends and family . "  There 's something special about pulling for the hometown team . It 's great that Quint and Rishy were willing to let me be a part of it , and I look forward to a long and exciting partnership with them . "  I just hope Quint does n't get tired of my crazy ideas , because I have been known to have a few . " The Studers said they were delighted that Watson had come on board , with Quint Studer adding : "  Rishy , Bubba and I all view the Wahoos as an investment in improving the quality of life for people . "  Together we will continue to create great experiences for all ages , make lifelong memories for our fans , be a super place to work and now , with Bubba 's leadership , we will gain a national and international awareness for the Blue Wahoos and Northwest Florida . " Watson 's arrival has already made a mark on the Wahoos ' Pensacola Bayfront Stadium -- the bar and restaurant has been renamed Bubba 's Sand Trap in his honour , and peckish fans will be able to enjoy a Bubba Dub Grilled Cheese , a sandwich that also includes hash browns . The stadium 's capacity of a little over 5,000 fans is regularly filled , and earlier this year the arena was ranked 12th in the top 100 U.S. sports venues and experiences by Stadium Journey magazine .	Bubba Watson confirms he has bought stake in Pensacola Blue Wahoos Club based 20 miles from small Florida town where golfer grew up Watson confirms he wo n't be playing any baseball himself Stadium 's bar and restaurant renamed in honour of two-time Masters winner
CNN  The world of Mexican wrestling wrestling has been deeply shaken by the death of star fighter Hijo del Perro Aguayo , who collapsed after being kicked during a bout . The lucha libre fighter , whose real name is Pedro Aguayo Ramirez , was left slumped against the ropes after a flying kick from one of his opponents , Rey Mysterio , during the match Friday night . The other wrestlers continued with the fight as Aguayo 's limp body slid down onto the mat , according to video footage of the bout posted on social media . The video showed ringside personnel repeatedly shaking Aguayo and talking to him without any response . He eventually received medical attention and was rushed out of the arena in the city of Tijuana . But doctors were unable to revive him . AAA , the wrestling promotion company for which Aguayo worked , said it was informed of his death around 1 a.m. Saturday . He was 35 years old . "  Mexican lucha libre is in mourning over the death of one of its star talents , " the AAA said in a statement . Questions remained over what exactly caused Aguayo 's death and why it took so long for him to receive medical treatment . Ernesto Franco , the duty doctor at the fight , told Mexico 's state news agency Notimex that at the time of Aguayo 's collapse , he was attending to other injured wrestlers , according to CNN Mexico . Franco said Aguayo 's injury was the result of a blow to the neck region , adding that he spent about an hour trying to revive him using "  all possible resuscitation measures . " The Associated Press reported that the state prosecutor 's office has opened an investigation into possible manslaughter . The AAA said Friday 's fight was organized by another promotion company named The Crash . Aguayo 's death prompted an outpouring of grief on social media from fans and members of the wrestling industry . "  I will miss you and carry you with me for the rest of my life , " tweeted Rey Mysterio , who landed the flying kick on Aguayo . "  Rest in peace , Hijo del Perro . " He posted two images on Instagram that appeared to show him and Aguayo at a young age and again later in life . "  I had the privilege to share a ring for the first time with Hijo del Perro Aguayo in his debut as a professional wrestler and an honor to be in the ring with this great legend for the last time ! " he wrote . "  You will be missed , Perro . " WWE wrestler Mark Henry tweeted , "  Respect to fallen brother in arms ! " "  I and the WWE universe pray for your peace and comfort to your family ! " Henry wrote . Aguayo is the son of one of the giants of Mexican wrestling , Pedro "  Perro " Aguayo . The younger Aguayo began his career in 1995 at the age 15 , according to the AAA . But he emerged from his father 's shadow to become a big name in his own right . "  El Hijo del Perro Aguayo was among the most decorated AAA stars in recent memory as a three-time Mexican National Tag Team champion as well as a former Mexican National Light Heavyweight champion and Mexican National Atomicos champion , " wrote Bleacher Report columnist Mike Chiari . "  There is no question that El Hijo del Perro Aguayo was among the most popular and successful luchadores in Mexico , " Chiari said .	Pro wrestler Hijo del Perro Aguayo collapses in the ring after being kicked Doctors were unable to revive him ; he died at the age of 35 "  Mexican lucha libre is in mourning , " wrestling promotion company says
CNN  -- Barcelona are known for scoring truckloads of goals , but the Catalan side were celebrating their miserliness on Saturday as goalkeeper Claudio Bravo set a new La Liga record for time spent on the pitch without conceding . The Chilean international , who signed from Real Sociedad in the summer , has now played 630 minutes from the start of the season without letting in a goal . The old mark of 560 minutes set by former Barca gloveman Pedro Artola at the beginning of the 1977-78 season was passed in the 21st minute of the match against Rayo Vallecano . "  Everybody was talking about the record before the game , " Bravo told reporters after the match . "  But I was n't really thinking about the minutes , I was thinking more about the game and trying to be calm and concentrate . I just wanted to keep a clean sheet . " It was Luis Enrique 's side 's seventh clean sheet in a row as Lionel Messi and Neymar scored at the other end to seal a 2-0 win against nine-man Rayo at the Estadio de Vallecas . After passing 400 career goals last weekend , Lionel Messi now needs just two more goals to equal Telmo Zarra 's all-time La Liga scoring record of 251 . Victory moves Barcelona onto 19 points , two points clear of Valencia at the top of the table . Los Che also continued their unbeaten start to the season with a 3-1 win over champions Atletico Madrid at the Mestalla Stadium . Diego Simeone 's side were also unbeaten in their opening six games but found themselves 3-0 down inside the opening quarter of an hour . Miranda 's own goal and strikes by Andre Gomes and Nicolas Otamendi left the visitors reeling , before Mario Mandzukic 's 29th minute goal gave Atletico hope . Guilherme Siqueira had a chance to narrow the deficit further but failed to convert his spot kick before a goalless second half ensued . Real Madrid will move ahead of their city rivals if they beat Athletic Bilbao at the Bernabeu on Sunday . Man City leave it late Meanwhile in the English Premier League , champions Manchester City left it late against Aston Villa at Villa Park . Two goals in the final 10 minutes from Yaya Toure and Sergio Aguero earned Manuel Pellegrini 's side all three points , lifting the Sky Blues to second in the table behind Chelsea who entertain Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Sunday . Liverpool beat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 at Anfield to seal a first league win in four matches and lift Brendan Rodgers ' side to sixth in the table . Bayern cruise to win In the Bundesliga , Bayern Munich recorded a third straight league win hitting four past Hannover at the Allianz Arena . Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski both scored twice to keep Bayern on top of the table with 17 points . Hoffenheim kept touch with the leaders thanks to a 2-1 win over Schalke while Bayer Leverkusen scored a late equalizer to grab a point in a 2-2 draw with Paderborn . Borussia Dortmund 's poor early season form continued with a 1-0 home defeat at the hands of Hamburg . Jurgen Klopp 's side have picked up one point in the last four games , leaving them languishing in 13th place . Borussia Monchengladbach can move to within two points of Bayern if they beat Mainz on Sunday .	Claudio Bravo has n't conceded a league goal all season Chilean international unbeaten in 630 minutes in league Atletico Madrid lose unbeaten league record to Valencia Man City net late win in EPL ; Bayern cruise to victory in Bundesliga
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar extended his world record to 48 Test centuries as India battled to avoid the follow-on in the second match of the series against Sri Lanka in Colombo on Wednesday . The 37-year-old "  Little Master " was unbeaten on 108 at the end of the third day , with the tourists on 382-4 -- still 60 runs away from making Sri Lanka have to bat again . He had added 141 with debutant Suresh Raina , who also reached stumps with a patient 66 off 131 balls . Tendulkar came to the crease with India having lost two quick wickets following an opening stand of 165 by Virender Sehwag and Murali Vijay . India had resumed on 95-0 in reply to Sri Lanka 's 642-4 declared , and Sehwag raced from his overnight 64 to 99 before being denied his 21st Test century when he was stumped by wicketkeeper Prasanna Jayawardene off the bowling of Suraj Randiv . The offspinner is making his debut following the retirement of world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan after Sri Lanka 's win in the opening match of three in Galle . Ajantha Mendis then trapped Vijay for 58 before Randiv dismissed Rahul Dravid in similar fashion for three . Tendulkar survived a dropped catch by Jayawardene off Dilhara Fernando when on 29 as he added 68 with V.V.S. Laxman , who became the second lbw victim of Mendis at 241-4 just before the end of the middle session . He smashed Randiv down the ground for six to bring up his 56th Test half-century , which took 115 deliveries , and he then accelerated as he swept the same bowler to the boundary for his ninth ton against Sri Lanka . Tendulkar is now nine centuries ahead of his closest rival , Australia captain Ricky Ponting , with South Africa 's Jacques Kallis next on 35 . He hit 14 fours in a 181-ball knock , including one from the final delivery of the day from Mendis .	India still 60 runs away from making Sri Lanka bat again in second Test in Colombo Tourists reach 382-4 on third day as Sachin Tendulkar scores his 48th Test century Tendulkar unbeaten on 108 as he adds unbroken 141 with debutant Suresh Raina India had resumed on 95-0 but lost three quick wickets after 165-run opening stand
CNN  -- McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton has predicted the 2011 British Grand Prix at Silverstone could be the most exciting in history . The 2008 world champion won his home race during a victorious campaign three years ago and Hamilton described the maximum-points haul as one of the highlights of his motorsport career . "  I 'm really looking forward to Silverstone , " Hamilton told Formula One 's official web site . "  My victory at Silverstone in 2008 was one of the sweetest and most satisfying moments of my entire Formula One career -- and it 's a memory that I always carry with me . Impressive Vettel powers to another win "  It 's one of the best circuits in the world , and I really think that the arrival of DRS and KERS Hybrid will make this one of the best and most exciting British Grand Prix ever . " KERS -- an innovation that stores energy created under braking for user as an additional boost when accelerating -- was reintroduced to the sport in 2011 , while DRS  Drag Reduction System  allows the rear wing of Formula One cars to be adjusted in a way that gives a boost of speed in new for the current season . Hamilton is currently fourth in the drivers ' standings after eight races , 89 points behind current leader and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull . The 26-year-old 's future has been the subject of much speculation , with reports suggesting he could leave McLaren for the 2011 constructors ' champions Red Bull . But McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh moved to end talk of Hamilton switching allegiances , and said he expects the Stevenage-born racer to remain with the British-based marque . "  Lewis loves this team and he knows the car is capable of winning races , " Whitmarsh told British newspaper The Independent . "  He 's sat with me here in the last 10 days and explained his passion , enthusiasm and desire to remain part of this team . "  I 've known him since he was 11 . I do n't think he would look me in the eye and say that if he did n't mean it . " Sunday 's grand prix will also see McLaren 's Jenson Button return to his homeland , where his best finish is fourth place in 2004 and 2010 . The 2009 drivers ' champion is 12 points ahead of his compatriot Hamilton and sits second in the standings , 77 points behind Germany 's Vettel . The 31-year-old is looking forward to experiencing the new-look Silverstone , which has a newly-constructed pit lane and paddock complex and first corner . "  With a new start line , a new first corner and an all-new pit and paddock complex , the new facilities should be fantastic , " the former Brawn GP driver said . "  I think they 'll confirm Silverstone as one of the best circuits in the world . " McLaren have claimed two race triumphs this year , with Hamilton taking the checkered flag in China and Button winning a rain-soaked contest in Canada .	Lewis Hamilton has predicted the 2011 British Grand Prix could be the best-ever The McLaren driver 's future has been the subject of press speculation Team principal Martin Whitmarsh is confident Hamilton will remain with the marque
London  CNN  -- When British economist Jim O'Neill coined the term BRIC at the turn of the century -- referring to Brazil , Russia , India and China , countries he predicted would be future economic powerhouses -- it was difficult to imagine how big an impact the acronym would have . In the following years , the four BRIC countries formed a federation that has met annually since 2009 to discuss their role in the global economy . "  Who would have ever dreamt that there would be a BRIC political club ? It certainly is n't something that I ever imagined , " O'Neill , now chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management , told CNN 's Nima Elbagir . The BRIC partnership took a new turn last December when its four members invited South Africa to join them at their third heads-of-states summit , to be held in Beijing this month . But the news of the formal invitation , which came after persistent lobbying by the South African government , has left some economists puzzled . According to O'Neill , South Africa 's economy of about $ 350 billion ca n't come close to matching the prospects of the BRIC countries , which account for about half of global growth . "  It is nowhere near constituting a BRIC , and without staggering productivity improvements and major immigration or improvements in birth rates , etc. , it is never going to get there , " said O'Neill . Some analysts argue that South Africa is simply too small to join the group of the world 's top-four major emerging markets . Its population of about 50 million can not be compared to the BRIC nations , which represent around 40 % of the world 's people . But South African officials have said that it is the country 's strategic importance that matters and not its size . In December 2010 , following the BRIC nations ' invitation , South Africa 's minister of international relations and cooperation Maite Nkoana-Mashabane said : "  The rationale for South Africa 's approach was in consideration of a matter of crucial importance to BRIC 's member states -- namely the role of emerging economies in advancing the restructuring of the global political , economic and financial architecture into one that is more equitable , balanced and rests on the important pillar of multilateralism . " O'Neill said : "  South Africa has played on the notion that because they do have developed markets and Western governing standards in some areas they 've said ` look , we are the gateway to the rest of Africa . ' " He said this argument had some legitimacy but added that it would be interesting to see how it would resonate with the rest of the countries on the continent . "  What intrigues me is whether other big African countries accept that and I doubt that Nigeria is going to be very happy about that , " O'Neill said . "  In the context of the continent , Nigeria is the place that really matters , " he added , pointing to the country 's 155 million population . Nigeria has been identified by Goldman Sachs as one of the nations that constitute the "  Next 11 " group -- a phrase used to describe the 11 most-populous countries from the emerging world after the BRIC block  besides Nigeria , these are Mexico , Egypt , Turkey , Iran , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Indonesia , Vietnam , South Korea and the Philippines  . O'Neill says that within that group , there are four countries that could potentially join the BRIC block . "  Korea , Turkey , Indonesia , and Mexico are big enough to stand on their own feet and are increasingly similar economies to the so-called advanced ones of the four BRICs , " he said . When asked whether the BRIC label would bring with it a huge degree of international investment interest for South Africa , O'Neill remained cautious . "  Being part of the BRIC political club does n't guarantee that you are going to be regarded as a BRIC economically , " he said . "  At this particular point in time , just because South Africa has been accepted into that club does n't change the way that I 'll think about it in terms of how we focus on what constitutes a BRIC or not and whether it affects others in terms of investment flows . " But O'Neill is not entirely negative . He urges South African leaders to be bolder about basic policies to boost productivity and not be too concerned about which "  club " they belong to or not . He said : "  Stop thinking that the world owes South Africa something for its past and do things to create a better environment where you can attract a lot more international businesses . "  And most importantly , embrace all your own people in a competitive , open way and find everybody jobs -- unemployment in South Africa is a huge dilemma still . " Nima Elbagir and Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Economist Jim O'Neill is the creator of the BRIC acronym The world 's top emerging markets have invited South Africa to their next meeting O'Neill says the country 's economic prospects ca n't be compared to the BRIC block
CNN  -- North Korea says it will retaliate if its "  satellite " launch from its northeastern coast is intercepted , with the communist nation saying interference would "  mean a war . " The statement came as the North cut off communications with neighboring South Korea . North Korean soldiers at the border village of Panmunjom on December 6 , 2008 . "  Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war , " a spokesman for the North Korean army said in a statement carried by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  , which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . North Korea 's announcement comes as South Korea and the United States start their annual joint military drills on Monday . "  We have said several times that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises are annual defensive exercises , " Kim Ho-nyun , spokesman for South Korea 's Ministry of Unification , said at a news briefing Monday . "  We again urge North Korea to maintain the agreed stance of mutual respect and to stop its verbal attacks and actions that are raising tensions on the Korean peninsula , " Kim said . The North said it has shut its borders to "  any enemies " and has cut off "  the north-south military communications in order to guarantee the security . " North Korea said the communications channel will remain closed until the 12-day joint exercise by South Korean and U.S. forces ends on March 20 , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . Kim said his government is urging North Korea "  to immediately retract this measure and to allow the smooth flow of personnel and communication . " As of Monday morning , hundreds of South Koreans were kept from crossing the border to and from an industrial complex because North Korea cut off military communications , preventing the workers from getting clearance to return home , Kim said . On Saturday , U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth said he wants dialogue with North Korea , but he also spoke against North Korea 's move to go forward with a launch , saying it would be "  ill-advised . "	North Korea says it will retaliate if a "  satellite " from its north coast is intercepted U.S. , S. Korean officials say North appears to be preparing to test long-range missile Missile is thought to be capable of striking Alaska or Hawaii Announcement comes as S. Korea , U.S. start their annual joint military drills
CNN  -- After a dramatic end to a year-long qualifying campaign , the 16 teams competing in the 2012 African Cup of Nations have learned their group stage opponents after the draw for January 's tournament in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea was made . The two-yearly tournament will be without some of African football 's most successful teams , with seven-time winners Egypt and 1980 and 1994 champions Nigeria both failing to qualify for the showpiece competition . Cup of woe : Why have African football giants fallen short ? In their place will be a trio of tournament debutantes , with Equatorial Guinea , Niger and Botswana all making their first appearance in the competition . The first match will see Henri Michel 's Equatorial Guinea host Libya in Bata on January 21 , with the final set to take place at the Stade d'Angonde in Libreville on February 12 .	The draw has been made for the 2012 African Cup of Nations The tournament will get underway with Equatorial Guinea v Libya on January 21 in Bata Stade d'Angonde in Libreville will host the final on February 12
Thousands of American Indians are now in line to receive part of a $ 3.4 billion settlement with the federal government , ending a long-running dispute over government mismanagement of tribal lands and accounts . After an initial agreement was outlined in 2009 , Congress approved it in November 2010 and it spent the last two years going through an appeals process . It was finalized Saturday , with government officials announcing and touting it on Monday . "  I welcome the final approval of the Cobell settlement agreement , clearing the way for reconciliation between the trust beneficiaries and the federal government , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . The settlement is named after the late Elouise Cobell , a member of Montana 's Blackfeet Indian tribe . The deal follows a class-action lawsuit , filed in 1996 , which accused the U.S. Department of the Interior of failing to account for and provide revenue from a trust fund representing the value of Indian assets managed by the government . The missing funds at the center of the class-action case involve what are called Individual Indian Money accounts , which are supposed to represent the property of individual Indians . The accounts are held by the United States as trustee . The lawsuit had accused the government of failing to account for the money , failing to make proper payments , and converting tribal money for the government 's own use . In making the announcement Monday , Obama remembered Cobell for "  her honorable work . " In 2009 , she said that many represented in the class-action lawsuit "  subsist in the direst poverty , " and that the settlement is "  significantly less than the full amount to which the Indians are owed . " "  It 's not fair , " Cobell said then of the long process to reach a settlement , but "  in the future we may be treated more fairly . " The agreement calls for $ 1.5 billion to be distributed among those who were part of the lawsuit . Another $ 1.9 billion will go into a "  land consolidation program " that will allow people to sell fractions of land they own , which are slivers of once larger ancestral plots that have been divided and subdivided over generations . The group ownership of land by American Indians dates back more than 100 years , before American Indians were permitted to write wills . As a result , the government says many pieces of tribal lands are held by many owners -- possibly hundreds , if not thousands of people per parcel . Officials have said the project allows individual landowners to receive greater value for their share , while cutting administrative costs for the federal government , which manages the Indian land trust . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said he hopes the agreement helps the government and American Indians turn the page on the ordeal . "  With the settlement now final , we can put years of discord behind us and start a new chapter in our nation-to-nation relationship , " he said . Who 's a Native American ? It 's complicated Opinion : Just say no to Indian dress-up Crazy Horse memorial not done after 64 years Activist Russell Means dies	Thousands of American Indians sued the government for financial mismanagement Under the finalized settlement , $ 1.5 billion will be distributed among individuals Another $ 1.9 billion will go toward buying some Indians ' slivers of land Obama says the settlement clears "  the way for reconciliation "
CNN  -- This week the U.S. Justice Department accused an Iranian-American , who allegedly has ties to Iran 's elite Quds Force , of attempting to hire a man he thought was a Mexican cartel hitman to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the United States . Some question the plausibility of the circumstances that prosecutors have described involving Manssor Arbabsiar , a 56-year-old used-car salesman from Texas . The alleged plot , if proven , would be but one of several terror schemes hatched by American citizens that were intended to occur on U.S. soil but were not carried out . Here are a few of those : Iyman Faris In 2002 , Pakistani-American Iyman Faris worked as a truck driver in Columbus , Ohio . He was convicted of providing material support to al Qaeda for his role in a plot to attack the Brooklyn Bridge . WikiLeaks documents released this spring reveal more details about Faris ' role in the war on terror . Faris pleaded guilty to providing material support to al Qaeda and was sentenced in October 2003 to 20 years in prison . He 's now behind bars in Florence , Ohio . Ryan Anderson In September 2004 , then-26-year-old Ryan Anderson , a U.S. citizen and member of the Washington National Guard , was convicted of passing military information to American agents posing as al Qaeda operatives . Anderson , a convert to Islam , was arrested earlier that year at Fort Lewis , Washington . According to the News Tribune in Tacoma , Washington , which covered Anderson 's story extensively , military prosecutors contended that Anderson had "  grown disgusted " with what he viewed as "  the moral decay " of America , and that Anderson disagreed with the war in Iraq . He was also upset that his Guard unit was being deployed . Kevin James In 2005 , authorities announced that they had foiled a plot , concocted in a California prison , to use proceeds from gas station robberies to carry out terror attacks . Planned targets included military recruitment centers , synagogues and the Israeli consulate . Kevin James pleaded guilty in 2007 to conspiracy to levy war against the government of the United States through terrorism , and to oppose by force the authority of the U.S. government . The danger of Islamic radicalization inside American prisons is "  real and present , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said in June during a controversial hearing on the subject . King is the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . King weighed in on the alleged plot revealed this week , telling CNN that evidence in the case against Arbabsia is strong . Jose Padilla Perhaps the most well-known American citizen convicted of plotting against the U.S. in the war on terror is Jose Padilla . In June 2002 , then-Attorney General John Ashcroft said that the former Chicago gang member , who had converted to Islam , had been detained at Chicago O'Hare International Airport . At that time , Padilla was accused of plotting with al Qaeda to explode a radioactive "  dirty bomb " in the United States . Three years later , a new indictment against Padilla was filed but made no mention of a dirty bomb . On August 16 , 2007 , Padilla and two co-defendants , Adham Hassoun and Kifan Jayyousi , were found guilty of conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim people in a foreign country , conspiracy to provide material support for terrorists , and providing material support for terrorists . In 2008 , Padilla was sentenced to 17 years and four months in prison . Hassoun was also sentenced to 15 years and eight months and Jayyousi to 12 years and eight months . In September 2011 , the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruled that Padilla 's 17-year sentence is too lenient . Paul Hall In April 2009 , an American citizen born Paul Hall -- aka Hassan Abu-Jihaad -- was sentenced to 10 years in prison . In March of 2007 , the former Navy sailor aboard the USS Benfold was arrested and charged with providing information to a London-based group called Azzam Publications in 2001 regarding the classified movements of his U.S. Navy battle group as it traveled from California to the Persian Gulf region . Azzam operated English-language jihadi Web sites . In March 2008 , jurors in New Haven , Connecticut , convicted Hall of providing material support to terrorists and disclosing classified national defense information . Faisal Shahzad In October 2010 , after a New York judge sentenced a Pakistan-born U.S. citizen to life in prison for trying to detonate a car bomb in Times Square , Faisal Shahzad warned the court , "  Brace yourself . The war with Muslims has just begun . " Shahzad had an MBA and was at one point a financial analyst . He was living in Connecticut . On May 1 , 2010 , Shazad parked a vehicle in Times Square rigged with an explosive device that did not go off . Street vendors tipped off police to the abandoned car . He was caught aboard a flight about to depart from New York en route to Dubai . He allegedly confessed to the plot .	An Iranian-American has been accused of plotting a terror attack to occur in the U.S. Numerous other U.S. citizens have been accused of plotting attacks They include a former sailor , National Guard soldier and a Chicago gang member
CNN  -- Three violent deaths in two stores marred the opening of the Christmas shopping season Friday . A Wal-Mart employee at this Long Island location was killed in a rush early Friday morning . In the first , a temporary Wal-Mart employee was trampled to death in a rush of thousands of early morning shoppers as he and other employees attempted to unlock the doors of a Long Island , New York , store at 5 a.m. , police said . In the second , unrelated incident , two men were shot dead in a Toys "  R " Us in Palm Desert , California , after they argued in the store , police said . The toy company and authorities said the California shootings had nothing to do with shopping on Black Friday , which is historically one of the year 's busiest shopping days . The Wal-Mart worker , whom authorities did not identify , was 34 and lived in Queens , said Nassau County police Detective Lt. Michael Fleming . "  This was utter chaos as these men tried to open the door this morning , " Fleming said . Watch police describe the ` utter chaos ' " Video showed as many as a dozen people knocked to the floor in the stampede of people trying to get into the Wal-Mart store , Fleming said . The employee was "  stepped on by hundreds of people " as other workers attempted to fight their way through the crowd , Fleming said . "  Several minutes " passed before others were able to clear space around the man and attempt to render aid . Police arrived , and "  as they were giving first aid , those police officers were also jostled and pushed , " he said . "  Shoppers ... were on a full-out run into the store , " he said . The crowd had begun forming outside the store by 9 p.m. Thursday , Fleming said . By 5 a.m. Friday , when the doors were unlocked , there were 2,000 or so shoppers , many of whom "  surged forward , " breaking the doors , he said . The man was taken by ambulance to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Others in the crowd sustained minor injuries such as sprained ankles , Fleming said . A 28-year-old pregnant woman was taken to a hospital , but "  the baby is going to be OK , " Fleming said . She was to be released later in the day , he said . The California shootings occurred about 11:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  , authorities said . By the time police arrived , two men were dead from gunshot wounds , Riverside County sheriff 's Sgt. Dennis Gutierrez said . He said authorities are not seeking any other suspects . Gutierrez said that the men did not appear to be store employees and that the dispute appeared unrelated to shopping . "  There was a confrontation inside of the store . But over a toy ? I do n't think that is accurate , " he said . Two handguns were found near the men 's bodies , Gutierrez said . In a written statement , Toys "  R " Us spokeswoman Kathleen Waugh said the shooting appeared unrelated to the heavy shopping day . "  Our understanding is that this act seems to have been the result of a personal dispute between the individuals involved , " she said . She said company officials were "  outraged " by the shooting and were working with authorities to find out what happened . Gutierrez said no one else in the store was injured . The store remained closed Friday afternoon but was expected to open as usual Saturday . Watch police confirm two people dead at a Toys ` R ' Us store " He said authorities would not release the men 's names until their families have been notified . Daniel Watson said he was at home with his children when his wife called from the Toys "  R " Us store , where she and her mother were shopping . "  All I could hear was gunshots in the back , " he said . "  She said , ` They 're in here shooting . ' I told her to run and hide , stay down and hide . " He said his wife did just that , ducking under a clothes rack until the threat was over . Watson said neither woman was hurt . Asked about the possibility of criminal charges in the Wal-Mart death , Fleming said he would not rule it out but noted that charges would be "  very difficult , " as it would be "  almost impossible " to identify people in the crowd from the video , and those in the front of the crowd were pushed by those behind them . Hundreds of people may have lined up in an orderly fashion but got caught up in the rush , he said . Wal-Mart spokesman Kelly Cheeseman issued a statement saying , "  We are saddened to report that a gentleman who was working for a temporary agency on our behalf died at the store and a few other customers were injured . Our thoughts and prayers are with their families at this difficult time . " The company is investigating the incident , the statement said . Officers patrolling the shopping center overnight had had concerns about the size of the crowd , Fleming said , and had tried to get those in line better organized . Wal-Mart security officers were also present overnight , but he said he did not know how many . "  I do n't know what it 's worth to Wal-Mart or to any of these stores that run these sales events , " Fleming said , "  but it has become common knowledge that large crowds do gather on the Friday after Thanksgiving in response to these sales and in an effort to do their holiday shopping at the cheapest prices . "  I think it is incumbent upon the commercial establishments to recognize that this has the potential to occur at any store . Today , it happened to be Wal-Mart . It could have been any other store where hundreds and hundreds of people gather . " Asked whether the security had been adequate , Fleming said , "  In light of the outcome , in hindsight , the answer is obviously no . ... This crowd was out of control . " CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	34-year-old was unlocking Wal-Mart 's doors when he was knocked down Crowd had begun forming outside store as early as 9 p.m. Thursday In unrelated incident , two men were shot dead in a Toys "  R " Us in California Officials say toy store shootings unrelated to shopping
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Indian officials welcomed the top leader of Myanmar 's military junta Sunday in a visit aimed at strengthening diplomatic and economic ties between the neighboring countries . Gen. Than Shwe is on a five-day trip to India , where he is scheduled to tour sacred Buddhist sites , greet Indian officials at a ceremonial reception in the presidential palace and visit the shrine to Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi before holding talks with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . In 1951 , the two nations signed what they called a "  treaty of friendship , " and over the past few years , bilateral trade has soared to almost $ 1 billion , according to Indian officials . Several Indian companies have invested in Myanmar 's energy sector . And India 's main space agency has helped set up a data-processing center in Yangon for remote-sensing applications , India 's external affairs ministry says . The visit comes several days after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged India and other countries in the region to push Myanmar , formerly known as Burma , to comply with UN human rights resolutions and nuclear nonproliferation agreements . "  It is critical that Burma hear from you , its neighbors , " she said in a speech at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations regional meeting . Clinton described life in Myanmar as "  dangerous " for the country 's inhabitants and urged other nations to push for democratic reforms there . "  We would encourage India and other countries to send a clear message to Burma that it needs to change its course , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said . The military general 's itinerary also includes tours of the India 's information-technology hub in Hyderabad and the industrial center in Jamshedpur . His visit is the second by a top junta administrator in a year .	Gen. Than Shwe is on a five-day trip to India The countries have strong diplomatic and economic ties Bilateral trade between India and Myanmar has soared to almost $ 1 billion The junta leader 's visit comes after U.S. asks India and other neighbors to push for reform
CNN  -- Fabrice Muamba 's cardiac arrest during a soccer match on Saturday convinced former pro Mitchell Cole he was right to quit the game for fear of suffering a heart attack on the pitch . Muamba collapsed while playing for English club Bolton Wanderers on Saturday and is still in a critical condition in hospital , though he is now breathing unaided and responding to questions . Cole , who once played in the second tier of English football , was diagnosed with a heart condition at the age of 17 but decided to play on for another eight years before retiring after doctors told him one more match could kill him . The 26-year-old has hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , an irregular thickness of the heart in certain areas , but opted to ignore advice from doctors to try and carve out a successful career in the game . Muamba 's condition continues to improve But after suffering from shortness of breath during training and in matches last year he returned to his specialist and was told his chances of a heart attack quadrupled when he played sport . Cole says seeing Bolton star Muamba 's horrific collapse on Saturday proved he had made the right decision to retire . "  It -LSB- Muamba 's cardiac arrest -RSB- still sends a chill down my spine because it brings it home that it could have been me , " he said . "  I came out of the professional game a year ago and it reiterates that I 've made the right decision . I 've been one of the lucky ones . " Cole 's condition was detected at a young age during a routine test given to all young players coming out of school to go to a professional club . He was tested over a year-long period shortly after former Cameroon international Marc Vivien-Foe collapsed and died from a heart defect during a match against Colombia in 2003 . Despite Foe 's tragic death , and the advice handed down by doctors that he should retire , Cole pressed on despite the risks . He added : "  The information I took from it was that I did n't feel it was enough to stop me in my tracks for having a professional career . I -LSB- was told it was a case of -RSB- ` it might happen , it might not . ' "  I took it upon myself to ignore the doctor 's advice and carry on playing . " Players pray for Muamba 's recovery His condition worsened at the start of 2011 and on advice from William McKenna -- the professor of cardiology who diagnosed Cole when he was 17 -- that the risks quadrupled when playing football he retired from the professional game . McKenna told CNN the cause of most cardiac arrests like Muamba 's are genetic but that the vast majority of conditions that can be dangerous to young sportsmen and women should be picked up by tests . He said : "  The testing should be done in adolescence about the age Mitchell was and it should be every year or two years . "  It should be on a routine serial basis to pick up changes at a time when you can actually do something -- you can have another career , you can stay in school , you have other options . "  If you look back there are too many events in young people , not just in football but in all sports . Bearing in mind these conditions are recognizable -- you can make a diagnosis -- and by and large there are treatments which are effective , every effort should be made . "  The onus is not on the National Health Service , the onus should be on the professional sporting bodies to ensure that players participating are safe to participate in what is pushing the body and heart to extremes . "	Ex-pro tells CNN Fabrice Muamba 's collapse proves he was right to quit soccer Mitchell Cole ignored heart condition for eight years due to love of soccer Cole was diagnosed with heart problem aged 17 but only retired at 25 Doctors told him chances of suffering cardiac arrest increased through sport
CNN  -- Many computer engineers consider a job offer from Google as the golden ticket . Outdoor volleyball courts , free gourmet food , on-site haircuts , massages and laundry are among the perks Google has offered its employees at its main campus in Mountain View , California . But some of the people who do leave are challenging the company in the best way an engineer knows how : by developing programs that could detract from Google 's core business . Brian Kennish worked at Google for seven years , managing teams of engineers on a variety of products such as the Chrome browser and the moribund Google Wave . Near the end of his stint at Google , Kennish developed a browser extension for Chrome called Facebook Disconnect . The software blocks websites that have Facebook widgets installed from automatically sending information about the user back to the social networking company . Facebook Disconnect has 75,000 users , Kennish said . "  No one at Google asked me to do it , " Kennish told CNN this week . What sparked Kennish 's project , he said , was reading the recent scrutiny of online data-collection tactics chronicled by news organizations . The Wall Street Journal has been running a series called "  What They Know , " and CNN had its own last week called "  End of Privacy . " While Facebook and the applications that run on its platform can be considered personal-data hoarders , Kennish eventually realized his then-employer was , itself , among the biggest collectors . To name a few practices , Google can track search queries over time , target ads to its Gmail users based on the contents of e-mails , and use a person 's location data to determine which shops ' ads it will show . Google , like many Web advertising companies , uses small files called cookies to track internet surfing habits in order to better target ads . "  I never worked directly with user data , " Kennish said of his time at Google . "  I did n't have a good sense of what was being collected . Privacy was n't a passion of mine or something that I knew a lot about until basically two months ago , when I started reading about this stuff . " Kennish left Google in November to focus more on programs that empower people to take control of their privacy online . "  I had this holy-cow moment when I realized what was going on , " Kennish said . "  There 's just so much unknown about what 's being done with this data . " "  I think there is a good reason to be concerned with it all and , frankly , to be fearful of it , " he said . Last week , he released a second browser extension , another tool for Google Chrome , called Disconnect . Once installed , the program blocks major internet companies , including Google , from installing cookies on -- and thus tracking -- a computer . People using Disconnect can decide which cookies they 'd like to allow onto their system . Cookies can be helpful when , for example , you 'd like a website to remember your login credentials and not ask for them every time you visit . "  I would like to see us move to a point where all the data that 's collected about folks is intentional , " rather than without people 's knowledge , Kennish said . "  So if I give you permission to collect my data , then go ahead and do it . " In its first week , 25,000 people downloaded Disconnect . Kennish is releasing a new version Friday that lets users choose whether Google can personalize search queries based on the data it has about the person . By default , Disconnect blocks Google from doing this . "  Any data that 's collected has the potential to escape the collector , " Kennish said . "  So I would like to see Google only collect data that I explicitly allow them to collect . " Google hosts a dashboard for users to review a breakdown of the messages and information attached to their accounts . The Google Privacy Center provides information on how the company collects data and lets people , whether they 're registered with Google or not , opt out of ad and analytics tracking . Michael Gundlach , another ex-Google engineer , developed an alternative to complicated opt-out systems that vary between ad networks . Like Disconnect , it 's a browser extension , and there are versions for Chrome and Apple 's Safari . Called AdBlock , Gundlach 's program can prevent Web pages from loading and displaying ads . That includes Google 's ads , which account for the vast majority of the search giant 's revenue . AdBlock offers a setting to easily enable ads from Gundlach 's former employer , though those ads are disabled by default . "  Google did n't ask me to put that in , " Gundlach wrote in an e-mail . "  I find Google text ads to be useful . " Still , Gundlach says he blocks most ads because "  I do n't wish to be bombarded by consumerism . " The real economic conundrum : If website visitors do n't pay figuratively -- by watching ads or by having their personal information sent to advertisers -- they may have to start paying real money for online services . Kennish plans to devote six months to developing Disconnect and will reevaluate then whether it could be a sustainable business . He 's "  pretty close " to releasing an extension for Safari and recently began working on one for Firefox , he said . If he 's forced to abandon the project , the source code is freely available to any enterprising developers who want to take up the cause . "  The only business model I see , " Kennish said , is to eventually provide a more advanced version of the software that costs money . "  When I use something like Google , I 'm paying for Google with my attention and my data , " he said . "  There 's no such thing as free . These are companies that have to pay employees ' salaries . " Parts of Google 's maturing business may clash with some of the wide-eyed engineers it hopes to attract , especially those passionate about taking risks to change the world , hopefully for the better . But a Google spokesman , who declined to comment on most questions pertaining to this story , said the company 's attrition rate -- that is , the percentage of employees that defect -- has n't changed in more than seven years and is better than the industry standard . In addition to all the on-campus amenities , a program called "  20 % Time " lets Google engineers devote a sizable chunk of their work weeks to projects of their choosing .  Kennish said he developed Facebook Disconnect after work hours . The perks have n't stopped some high-profile people from leaving the company . Product designer Douglas Bowman left in a huff last year for a job at Twitter after reportedly becoming fed up with nearly three years of what he publicly described as Google 's design-by-committee mentality . Some notable Google alumni are spiting their former employer in a different way -- by joining Facebook . The social network is perceived by some as Google 's biggest rival . People are spending more of their time online using Facebook . They 're thumbing through photos and asking questions to friends , rather than searching the wider Web . Google is unable to crawl most of the data posted to Facebook . As Google-to-Facebook defections grow , Google is reportedly offering some employees multimillion-dollar packages to convince them not to go to Facebook . After wooing executives who worked on Google-owned YouTube , Android and advertising ; the architect of Google Maps ; and at least two Gmail co-founders , this week , Facebook claimed Paul Adams , a former Google employee who was previously an outspoken critic of the social network . Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook 's venerable chief operating officer , also came from the big G . But abandoning Google has n't always proved to be a wise or permanent move . Anna Patterson left the company in 2007 to start a rival search engine called Cuil . When that tanked , she returned to Google in September .	Some Google employees are leaving to create or join rival businesses Notable defections include engineers building programs that spike Google ads Google says its attrition rate has n't changed in seven years
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A pharmacist testified that he warned Anna Nicole Smith 's doctors and boyfriend that a list of medications intended for Smith a week after her son 's death could be "  pharmaceutical suicide . " Anna Nicole Smith , with Howard K. Stern , was found dead in her hotel room in February 2007 . The former Playboy model and reality TV star died five months later of what a Florida medical examiner ruled was from "  acute combined drug intoxication . " Ira Freeman , the chief pharmacist at Key Pharmacy in Los Angeles , testified on the seventh day of a preliminary hearing for Howard K. Stern -- Smith 's lawyer and companion -- and co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor . The three are charged with an illegal conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict . Stern faces 11 felony counts , and the doctors were charged with six each . They are not charged in her death . Smith 's death in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , came just five months after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn , and the sudden death of her 20-year-old son , Daniel , on September 10 , 2006 . Freeman testified that Kapoor faxed to him a list of six drugs that Eroshevich wanted to be sent to the Bahamas , where Eroshevich was treating Smith for anxiety and depression in the days after her son 's death . "  The more I thought about it , the more concern I had that if she got hold of those medications , it could have fatal consequences " Freeman said . The pharmacist said the dosages of the drugs were "  not appropriate . " Freeman said he consulted Dr. Greg Thompson , a pharmaceutical expert , who agreed with him and who offered to talk with Eroshevich about the dangers . Freeman said Thompson later told him that he found Eroshevich , a psychiatrist , to be "  way out of her league " in her requests for strong drugs for Smith . At the time , Smith was holed up in her home in the Bahamas mourning her son 's death . Her bodyguard said in earlier testimony that the home was under siege by photographers , keeping Smith inside with her windows covered . Thompson recommended to Eroshevich that she "  forget the paparazzi and get her to a hospital " if she needed all of those drugs , Freeman said . Freeman said the stress of the publicity after Smith 's death affected his own health , especially after the celebrity Web site TMZ.com published a copy of the faxed list of medications in question . Under questioning by the defense , Freeman said that over the previous five years he had filled prescriptions for Smith , he never saw any "  red flags " that she was getting dangerous amounts of drugs . Charges against the three defendants also include the use of false names on prescriptions . Freeman said he always understood that prescriptions written under the pseudonym "  Michelle Chase " were intended for Smith . It was a practice begun in 2001 , three years before Kapoor or Eroshevich began treating her , to prevent "  trouble for her in terms of her celebrity status , " Freeman said . After the preliminary hearing , which could last about three weeks , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry will decide whether a trial will be held . In earlier testimony , Smith 's part-time bodyguard Maurice Brighthaupt said "  she just did n't want to deal with life after the death of her son . " Brighthaupt described Smith as "  manipulative " when she wanted something . "  She manipulated Dr. Eroshevich , " he said . Eroshevich , a Los Angeles psychiatrist , traveled to the Bahamas five or six times in 2006 to attend to Smith , he said . They had a mother-daughter friendship , not a doctor-patient relationship , Brighthaupt said . The doctor sometimes substituted placebos for the tray full of pills Smith regularly took for her complaints of pain and depression , he said . "  She was very concerned that we needed to wean her off the medications , " Brighthaupt said . California Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement Special Agent Danny Santiago testified that investigators found 12 prescription drugs , including dangerous opiates , in Smith 's hotel room after her death . Seven of them were prescribed using Stern 's name , although spelled "  Stearn , " he said . A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2 1/2 - year inquiry was unsealed last month , revealing many details of the prosecution 's case .	Testimony given at preliminary hearing for model 's doctors , lawyer Pharmacist says he was faxed list of drugs that doctor wanted for Smith He found dosages "  not appropriate , " he testifies Pharmacist says expert thought one doctor was "  way out of her league "
CNN  -- An infant girl delivered prematurely from her mother , who has the swine flu virus , has died , hospital officials said Monday . Aubrey Opdyke was put into a medically induced coma to give the baby as much oxygen as possible . Parker Christine Opdyke was delivered 14 weeks early by doctors at Wellington Regional Medical Center in Florida 's Palm Beach County . Her mother , Aubrey Opdyke , was placed into a medically induced coma June 3 to help give the baby as much oxygen as possible . But doctors delivered Parker on Saturday after her mother suffered a collapsed lung last week . Aubrey Opdyke remains comatose and in critical condition in Wellington 's intensive care unit . "  Despite heroic efforts on the part of physicians and nurses , we are sad to announce that baby Parker Christine Opdyke has expired , " said a written statement from the hospital . No other details were available Monday . Attempts by CNN to reach the family were unsuccessful . Even under the best circumstances , delivering a child at 27 weeks is a very early birth , Dr. David Feld , a Palm Beach County obstetrician and gynecologist , told CNN affiliate WPEC . "  When you have an infectious case , I do n't think you 're going to see that lung maturity as quickly , and I think that is the issue , " he said . But , he said , now that Aubrey Opdyke is no longer pregnant , she will be able to fight for her own life . Palm Beach County has had 247 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus , known as swine flu , but only one death . In late June , a 25-year-old pregnant woman died , but her baby survived . Pregnant women have long been a prime concern of health care officials regarding the flu virus , but are of particular concern during this outbreak of swine flu . Pregnant women have always been advised to get a flu shot because they are at greater risk because of the weakened immune system resulting from their pregnancy . But the H1N1 epidemic has seen new complications and challenges . "  We have seen , with this virus , worse complications and severe infections in pregnant women , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  We 're urging women who are pregnant who develop fever or respiratory symptoms to seek care promptly . " The CDC said it is vitally important for pregnant women to recognize the signs and symptoms , like fever and cough , to get to their doctor quickly and to begin taking antiviral medicines early on . "  I know that many pregnant women do n't want to take anything while they 're pregnant , " said Schuchat . "  This is a situation where you need to be more worried about your health and the baby 's health . " The CDC also recommends that pregnant women get the H1N1 vaccine when it becomes available , in addition to an annual flu shot . "  For people who are at high risk , like pregnant women , planning to receive both vaccines is probably the right way to go , " Schuchat said . The CDC 's advisory committee will meet later this month to make recommendations on at-risk groups who should receive the new vaccine .	Baby delivered 14 weeks prematurely from a mom battling swine flu has died The baby 's mother , who has been placed in a coma , remains in critical condition CDC sees "  worse complications , severe infections in pregnant women " with this flu
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- An Iranian airliner that crashed Wednesday , killing all 168 passengers and crew , plunged into the ground and disintegrated on impact , according to a security official . Debris from the plane was littered around the crash site . Images of the crash site show a smoldering crater scattered with charred pieces of the plane and tattered passports . Ten members of the country 's youth judo team were aboard the Caspian Airlines plane , said several sources , including Iran 's Press TV . The government-backed network said the dead included eight athletes and two coaches . The plane "  disintegrated into pieces , " said Col. Masood Jafari Nasab , security commander of Qazvin , the city nearest to the crash site in northwestern Iran . "  The aircraft all of a sudden fell out of the sky and exploded on impact , where you see the crater , " a witness told Press TV from the crash site . Watch images of the crash site " The plane 's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have been found , state television reported late Wednesday . The crash was at least the fifth major airline accident in the world this year , following crashes of planes flown by Colgan Air , Turkish Airlines , Air France and Yemenia Airways . A US Airways pilot managed to land his plane safely on the Hudson river in New York City in January , with no major injuries , after the plane lost power . But aviation safety expert John Wiley said there is no reason to fear air travel in general , and no single airline or aircraft is particularly dangerous . The three most recent crashes -- in which a total of 548 people died -- involved different planes , flown by different airlines , in different stages of flight , he said . Caspian Airlines Flight 7908 -- a Russian-made Tupolev Tu-154M plane -- went down near the village of Jannatabad near Qazvin at 11:33 a.m.  2:03 a.m. ET  Wednesday , Press TV reported . Conversations between the pilot and the ground were normal and did not indicate any technical problems , the network 's Web site reported , citing the managing director of Iran 's airport authority without naming him . Some witnesses say the plane caught fire before crashing , Press TV said . The plane descended very quickly , Wiley told CNN , but it may have been circling , trying to land , rather than plummeting to the ground . Qazvin Police Chief Hossein Behzadpour and Mohammad Reza Montazer Khorasan , the head of the disaster management center in Iran 's health ministry , both confirmed that all 168 people on board died , Press TV reported . The U.S. State Department , in a statement , extended its condolences to the victims . Department spokesman Ian Kelly said officials were working to determine whether any Americans were on board . Aviation analyst Kieran Daly told CNN that many aircraft operating in Iran are aging Tupolevs , some dating back to the 1970s . He described Tupolevs as "  workhorses of the old Soviet aviation system . " But he said the Caspian Airlines fleet is based on a slightly newer design , dating to the late 1980s and early 1990s . Pictures from the scene were "  consistent with a high-speed impact , " he said . But he added that there could be large debris not seen on television , and that could change his analysis . Watch Daly talk about the crash " A team of investigators from the Russian Interstate Aviation Committee is flying to the crash scene to join the investigation , the agency said in a posting on its Web site . They will work alongside Iranian aviation authorities , the agency said . An agency official declined to comment further , saying the plane was operated by an Iranian company and nothing is known about it . A Tupolev representative told CNN the manufacturer will not comment until the aviation committee releases its report on the crash . The Tupolev 154 is essentially banned in the West because it does not comply with European noise and pollution regulations , but it has a safer-than-average accident record , Wiley said . Wednesday 's crash is the first on record for Caspian Airlines , which was founded in 1993 , he added . The Iranian newspaper Hamshahri reported that the plane was flying from Tehran and was headed to Yerevan , Armenia . The semi-official Mehr news agency listed the names of 153 passengers and 15 crew members . At least 42 of the names appeared to be Armenian , but it was not clear if they were from the former Soviet republic or if they were ethnically Armenian citizens of Iran . The plane crashed 16 minutes after takeoff , said the newspaper , quoting a spokesman from Iran 's civil aviation organization . See a map of the crash location " That would have put the flight in one of the safest stages of travel , according to International Air Transport Association data . Only about 5 percent of accidents take place during the phase called en-route climb , 16 to 20 minutes into a flight , when a plane climbs to a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet . About half of accidents take place during landing . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad expressed his condolences to the victims ' families , as did the European Union . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev sent his sympathies to the presidents of Iran and Armenia , the Kremlin said . Qazvin is the largest city in the province of Qazvin and is its capital , with an estimated population of 330,000 . It is about 90 miles  145 kilometers  northwest of Tehran , the capital of Iran . The last crash in Iran involving a Tupolev plane occurred in 2006 , according to the Web site airdisaster.com . That crash occurred on an Iran Air Tour flight from the port city of Bandar Abbas ; it crashed and caught fire during landing , the Web site reported . Twenty-nine of the 147 people on board died in that crash . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow , Russia , and Ayesha Durgahee in London , England , contributed to this report .	State TV reports plane 's flight data recorder , cockpit voice recorder found All 168 aboard believed to be dead in Iranian plane crash Plane is thought to have crashed near the Iranian city of Qazvin Qazvin is the largest city in the province of Qazvin
GAALKACYO , Somalia  CNN  -- The U.S. government is delaying "  tens of millions " of dollars in crucial humanitarian aid over concerns that the money is being diverted to a notorious militant group , a senior U.N. official said . Al-Shabaab militants ride through Mogadishu , Somalia , after a religious gathering in September . The U.S. government , concerned about the challenges in delivering assistance in a country wracked by civil war , says allegations that Al-Shabaab is stopping aid from reaching the people are under review . Although one U.S. government source said aid continues to flow to Somalia and has n't been suspended , another said aid might not reach "  some parts of the country " because of Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked terror group that is trying to overthrow the government . Located in the Horn of Africa , Somalia has long been a lawless , war-ravaged nation . The United Nations says that nearly half the population is dependent on humanitarian assistance , and one in five children are acutely malnourished . Somalia has suffered through five consecutive seasons of drought , and the ongoing conflict has caused more than a million people to be displaced . Kiki Gbeho , head of office for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Somalia , said the United States is reviewing whether its aid helps fund Al-Shabaab . The U.N. office , in a report issued in September , said the U.S. delay in reaching a decision on humanitarian funding "  is already impacting on many agencies and their programmes . " The United Nations estimates that 60 percent of the people it needs to reach with emergency assistance live in areas controlled by Al-Shabaab . "  According to humanitarian principles , we have to serve people and need to deal with those in charge , " Gbeho said . Peter Smerdon , chief spokesman for the World Food Program , the agency responsible for delivering aid to Somalia , would not comment on the U.S. funding controversy but said investigations into whether Al-Shabaab is assisted by U.N. aid assistance are "  ongoing . " Food supplies could run out for millions of Somalis in the next few weeks , according to the United Nations . The U.S. government is traditionally the biggest donor for food assistance . The issue of breakdowns in humanitarian aid in Somalia has long concerned the United States . A senior administration official and an administration official spoke about the issue on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly . The senior U.S. administration official said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Transitional Federal Government President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed discussed in August how the "  delivery of services " to the Somali people be broadened . Clinton said publicly in Nairobi that the United States continues to provide "  humanitarian assistance to the Somali people where delivery is feasible and effective . " The administration official said that the aid has never stopped , adding that food bound for the World Food Program in Somalia is on a vessel and should arrive in a few weeks . The senior administration official said , "  We are working with groups there to ensure that we can deliver assistance without having to pay off Al-Shabaab in the process . It does mean that aid may get to certain parts of the country but not others . "	Washington reviewing claims that money is being diverted to militant group U.N. estimates 60 percent of people who need aid live in militant-controlled areas Millions could run out of food in the next few weeks , U.N. says
New York  CNN  -- A rare copy of the first book printed in what is now the United States of America may sell for as much as $ 30 million when it comes up for auction in November , according to Sotheby 's . Congregational Puritans first published the Bay Psalm Book in 1640 in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Sotheby 's presale estimate for one of 11 remaining copies ranges from $ 15 million to $ 30 million . The last time a Bay Psalm Book appeared at auction was in 1947 . "  The Bay Psalm Book is a mythical rarity . Unseen on the marketplace for more than two generations , it has become too rare to collect , " said David Redden of Sotheby 's books department in a press release . "  Yet here it is today . " According to Sotheby 's , the Puritans wanted a version of the Psalms that was a closer paraphrase of the Hebrew original than the one they brought from England . The copy to be auctioned on November 26 is one of two that come from the collection of Old South Church in Boston . Members of the church voted last December to put one copy up for auction in order to enhance finances and ministries . The book will be on display at Sotheby 's in New York until Sunday . From there , it will travel around the country , making stops in Philadelphia , Chicago Dallas , and Los Angeles .	Copy of Bay Psalm Book is set for auction in November Sotheby 's presale estimate is $ 15 million - $ 30 million Book was originally printed in 1640 in Cambridge , Massachusetts
December 11 , 2014 As North Dakota lawmakers consider requiring students to pass a citizenship test , we 're quizzing your knowledge of U.S. civics . And if you ever have to give a speech on civics or history , we have tips on doing that , too . Also : What exactly is a nor'easter , and what effects is one having on the U.S. Northeast ? Bundle up for an explainer on today 's show ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The woman whose death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to the government 's official election results did not die the way the opposition claims , government-backed Press TV said Sunday . A boy lights a candle beside a photo of Neda during a protest against Iranian elections in Frankfurt , Germany . Two people told Press TV there were no security forces in the area when Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , was killed on June 20 . Neda 's death was captured on amateur video -- most likely by a cell phone -- and posted online . Within hours , she had become the iconic victim of the Iranian government crackdown . Eyewitnesses say Neda was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen perched on a rooftop . But Press TV said the type of bullet that killed her is not used by Iranian security forces . A man who told the state-funded network he had helped take her to a hospital said , "  There were no security forces or any member of the Basij " government-backed paramilitary present when she was killed . Press TV did not name the man , who spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English on the broadcast . CNN has not identified him and can not confirm his account . Watch more about Neda 's death " "  I did n't see who shot who , " he said . "  The whole scene looked suspicious to me . " A second man , whom Press TV identified as Neda 's music teacher who was with her when she died , told the station there was "  no security forces in this street " when she was shot . Press TV did not name the man , who had a gray mustache and ponytail . He spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English as he walked and pointed at what Press TV said was the scene of the shooting . She was with a family friend who is a music teacher when she was killed . He appears to be the man who spoke to the Iranian broadcaster . "  There was no sign of a protest , " he said . "  We crossed the street to the other side to get a cab ... When we reached this spot , a gunshot was heard . There was no shooting here ... There were no security forces in this street . There were around 20 , 30 people in this street . One shot was heard and that bullet hit Neda . " "  The bullet was apparently fired from a small caliber pistol that 's not used by Iranian security forces , " the Press TV anchor said . Iran has strict gun-control laws that bar private citizens from carrying firearms . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday he had seen the video of Neda 's death and called it "  heartbreaking . "  And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it , " he said . The shaky video of her death shows her walking with a man , a teacher of music and philosophy , near an anti-government demonstration . After being stuck in traffic for more than an hour inside a Peugeot 206 -- a subcompact with a poorly working air conditioner -- Neda and the friend decided to get out of the car for some fresh air , a friend of Neda 's told CNN after her death . The two were near where protesters were chanting in opposition to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , whose calls for an end to anti-government demonstrations have sparked defiance across the nation . Neda , wearing a baseball cap over a black scarf , a black shirt , blue jeans and tennis shoes , does not appear to be chanting and seems to be observing the demonstration . Suddenly , Neda is on the ground -- felled by a single gunshot wound to the chest . Several men kneel at her side and place pressure on her chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding . "  She has been shot ! Someone , come and take her ! " shouts one man . By now , Neda 's eyes have rolled to her right ; her body is limp . Blood streams from her mouth , then from her nose . For a second , her face is hidden from view as the camera goes behind one of the men . When Neda 's face comes back into view , it is covered with blood . Iran 's ambassador to Mexico -- one of few Iranian officials who has spoken to CNN since the disputed June 12 presidential election -- suggested American intelligence services could be responsible for her death . "  This death of Neda is very suspicious , " Ambassador Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri said . "  My question is , how is it that this Miss Neda is shot from behind , got shot in front of several cameras , and is shot in an area where no significant demonstration was behind held ? "  Well , if the CIA wants to kill some people and attribute that to the government elements , then choosing women is an appropriate choice , because the death of a woman draws more sympathy , " Ghadiri said . CIA spokesman George Little responded , "  Any suggestion that the CIA was responsible for the death of this young woman is wrong , absurd and offensive . "	Press TV : No security forces in area when Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , was killed Her death was captured on amateur video and posted online June 20 Eyewitnesses say Neda was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen Press TV say type of bullet that killed her not used by Iranian security forces
LONDON , England -- John Symons lost his wife Jo to a mysterious cancer two years ago . But he is n't done battling the disease . The CUP Foundation was founded in memory of Jo Symons , who died in 2006 of the mysterious disease . Jo suffered from cancer of unknown primary , or CUP , a diagnosis that is given when doctors find cancer in the body but are n't able to identify where it began . That inevitably complicates treatment , as doctors are at a loss as to whether they are dealing with breast , lung or countless other types of cancer . "  Any cancer diagnosis is devastating for patients and loved ones . But not knowing where in the body the cancer has originated and what type of cancer we are dealing with is a double blow , it 's double agony , " Symons told CNN . After his wife died in 2006 , Symons abandoned his career as a business school professor to set up the Cancer of Unknown Primary Foundation , also known as "  Jo 's friends . " The charity aims to raise awareness of CUP and campaigns for more research in the hope that it will lead to better treatment . Symons said he also wanted to help others faced with the challenging diagnosis . People from 35 countries visit the foundation 's Web site . "  Most of them say there 's nowhere else -LSB- for them to turn to -RSB- , " he said . It is unclear how many people are faced with the cancer of unknown primary worldwide , but according to Symons , 3 to 5 percent of all cancers are CUP . The CUP Foundation estimates that in the UK alone , more than 10,000 people are diagnosed with the mystery disease annually , giving it a higher incidence than pancreatic and ovarian cancers . Find out more about rare conditions " Cancer needs to be treated by identifying the anatomical location of where the cancer has started , and therapy is always based on where that cancer starts in the body , Symons explained . In the case of CUP , the cells lose their unique features as the cancer spreads . "  So if you do n't know where the cancer has started , it is very difficult to treat it , " he told CNN . Many CUP sufferers have just weeks or months to live after the cancer has spread . Jo died at the age of 46 , only eight months after being diagnosed . Jo discovered she had cancer when she developed a lump in her neck , according to Symons . But it was only a secondary tumor , and doctors believed the primary tumor was too small to locate or possibly had already disappeared . At first , the Symons were hopeful : "  We kept thinking it 's only a matter of time before someone figures out where this comes from and are able to treat it , that we 'd have good news and that while she might not be cured , she would be able to live with the cancer . " But as time went by , they realized this was n't going to be possible . Doctors first thought Jo might have ovarian cancer , but ruled that out after several tests . Subsequently they thought it might be breast cancer , so Jo underwent grueling chemotherapy treatment for several months . That did n't help , and further tests were conducted to try and identify the genetic profile of the tumor where the cancer originated . These tests suggested Jo might be suffering from pancreatic cancer . For the last months of her life , Jo was treated for pancreatic cancer . "  But sadly , that was too late , even if it had been the correct diagnosis , to turn the tables , " Symons recalled . He never found out what cancer his wife had suffered from . "  It has been difficult for me , " Symons said . But faced with the choice of putting the ordeal behind him or trying to do something about it , he picked the latter . "  In a sense this charity has been therapeutic . " But at the same time , "  I 'm living daily with a reminder of what it is like for people to go through this terrible disease . "	"  Cancer of unknown primary , " or CUP , is a mystery disease With CUP , doctors do n't know what type of cancer they are dealing with CUP Foundation casts light on the challenging diagnosis
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has signed off on a new package of nonlethal aid for Syrian rebels , U.S. officials tell CNN , signaling his administration is cautiously wading further into the conflict . Officials said the White House approved the package at a meeting of the National Security Council last week . The move reflects what officials describe as a ramped-up effort to change the military balance on the battlefield in Syria . It follows a decision by Obama last month to send food and medicine to the rebels , the first direct U.S. support for the armed opposition . Other agencies have not been briefed on the final elements of the package , which is expected to be detailed at a White House meeting this week . "  We have no new decisions on assistance to announce at this point and continue to review every possible option that could help end the violence and accelerate a political transition , " said Caitlin Hayden , a National Security Council spokeswoman . Officials said it is expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles and other military equipment that is defensive in nature , but could be used to aid in combat by Syrian rebels battling forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . The package being discussed , however , still falls short of the heavy weapons and high tech equipment sought by the rebels . Obama 's national security team and members of Congress have repeatedly urged the president to increase the direct aid for the rebels . They argue such a step would strengthen the hand of moderate members of the opposition and make them less reliant on well-armed extremist elements within their ranks . Secretary of State John Kerry has pushed for more aggressive U.S. involvement in Syria since taking office in February . The move comes as Britain and France are leading efforts to lift a European Union arms embargo on Syria . Both have suggested they are prepared to join nations like Qatar is providing the rebels with weapons and are urging the United States to do the same . A push last summer from CIA , Pentagon and State Department leaders was rejected by the White House . At least for now , it remains opposed to arming the opposition , fearing that U.S.-provided weapons could wind up in the wrong hands . The Obama administration has funneled $ 385 million in humanitarian aid to Syria through international institutions and nongovernmental organizations . In addition , Washington has provided more than $ 100 million to the political opposition and has pressed them to establish a leadership structure . But the Syrian Opposition Council , the main Syrian opposition group , has roundly criticized the United States for refusing to provide badly-needed support to organize a transitional government and broaden its support inside Syria .	Move signals that the United States is wading further into the civil war Package approved by National Security Council , details expected to be revealed next week Aid expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles Obama administration under pressure to boost direct aid to rebels
Washington  CNN  -- Two commercial jets that nearly collided north of Hawaii last month were at altitudes assigned to them by air traffic controllers , the National Transportation Safety Board tells CNN . The cause of the near-disaster in the skies east of the Hawaiian Islands on April 25 is still under investigation . But a source with knowledge of the probe said the early focus is finding out why the planes were assigned to altitudes that put them dangerously close . The incident was brought to public attention when a passenger on one of the planes wrote a blog titled : "  Two Weeks Ago , I Almost Died in the Deadliest Plane Crash Ever . " In the incident , United Airlines Flight 1205 , which was headed east to Los Angeles from Kona International Aiport on the Big Island of Hawaii , had to descend quickly to avoid a westbound US Airways jet , approximately 200 miles northeast of Kona . The United pilots received an audible warning that the plane was in danger from its traffic collision avoidance system , which monitors airspace around a plane . Both planes were Boeing 757s . Flight-tracking websites show the United plane descended 600 feet in 60 seconds . The passenger who wrote the blog post , Kevin Townsend , described feeling weightless as the United plane suddenly plunged . "  I felt my body float upwards and strain against my seatbelt , " Townsend wrote . "  Passengers around me screamed . There was a loud crash in the back -- a coffeepot clattering to the floor and tumbling down the aisle . Our tray tables began rattling in unison as the 757 strained through the kind of maneuver meant more for a fighter jet . " Townsend estimated a total of 590 people were on the two planes -- based on the assumption that the other plane carried the same number of passengers and crew as the 295 people aboard his flight . Thus , according to Townsend , the death toll in a collision would have been the worst air disaster in history , surpassing the 583 who died in the 1977 runway collision of two Boeing 747s on a runway on the Spanish island of Tenerife . However , airlines officials this week declined to say how many people were on the two passenger jets in last month 's incident . Townsend said he believes it was his report that led the Federal Aviation Administration to investigate . He said he wants to make sure near collisions are thoroughly investigated . "  I do n't think there 's some epidemic of near accidents that occurring , but it was a jarring experience dodging another plane , " he said . An FAA official , speaking on background , said the agency began investigating immediately after the incident , and independent of Townsend 's report . On Thursday , a joint FAA-NTSB team arrived at the Honolulu Control Facility to continue the investigation , the NTSB said . Commercial airline pilot Les Abend said the collision avoidance systems worked as designed . "  You 're going to run into this situation , unfortunately . Nothing is perfect . I know that 's not a comforting answer , but indeed the system worked , " Abend told CNN . New video surfaces of teen stowaway jumping out of plane in Hawaii Drone , jetliner nearly collide	Two Boeing 757s nearly collided off Hawaii on April 25 United Airlines Flight 1205 had to descend rapidly to avoid a collision A passenger on the United flight wrote a blog about the incident Commercial airline pilot says the collision avoidance systems worked as designed
If you thought Apple and North were bizarre baby names , it seems that HBO 's hit fantasy series "  Game of Thrones " has spurred Americans to name their babies some strange ones . According to data from the Social Security Administration , in 2012 , there were 146 female babies born named Khaleesi -- the title given to Emilia Clarke 's character in "  Game of Thrones " after she marries a Dothraki leader in season 1 . ` Game of Thrones ' : Full coverage on EW This trumps some more common female names such as Brandy  130  and Alex  128  . Khaleesi 's given name , Daenerys , was n't quite as popular but still garnered 21 namesakes . With the recent news that "  Game of Thrones " was renewed for two more years , hopefully we 'll get some even more bizarre names like Ygritte and Bran in the years to come . See the original story at EW.com .	HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " is inspiring baby names According to SSA data , 146 baby girls were named Khaleesi in 2012 That makes the name more popular than more common names like Brandy
London , England  CNN  -- They are the iconic images of a thrilling 2009-10 soccer season in England that helped Bradley Ormesher claim his very own Premier League title . The Times newspaper photographer is one of a legion of snappers who pitch up at matches the length and breadth of England and -- come rain , come shine -- chronicle the many magic moments from a grueling , nine-month campaign . Ormesher 's hard graft and spectacular imagery reaped rewards this year when , for the second time since 2008 , he was crowned the Barclays Photographer of the Year , one of the most prestigious gongs in the field of football photography . The Manchester derby proved a rich hunting ground for Ormesher , whose portfolio of five photos features three from clashes between Manchester United and City . He captured the joy and despair on show from both sets of players after Paul Scholes 's injury-time goal secured a victory for United at City to keep Alex Ferguson 's title hopes alive , and Rio Ferdinand 's pained reaction after Craig Bellamy had scored in the return fixture at Old Trafford . Ormesher also snapped Blackburn goalkeeper Paul Robinson laughing in the middle of an August rainstorm , Fernando Torres holding off Rio Ferdinand prior to scoring for Liverpool and a sea of delighted faces at Everton , after Jack Rodwell had just scored the clinching goal in their win over Manchester United . Here the man who created the images talks to Fanzone about the inspiration behind the photos and how he achieved an award-winning end product .	The Times newspaper Bradley Ormesher is crowned Barclays Photographer of the Season Ormesher 's portfolio of five photos from the 2009/10 season are picked out by judging panel Two of his pictures encapsulate the joy and despair of the Manchester derby
CNN  -- Whatever other resolutions we make leading up to the New Year -- to call Mom more often , lay off the late-night snacks -- getting ourselves organized is likely near the top of the list . And that often means clearing out the clutter that keeps us from functioning efficiently , whether we 're at work or at home . Many employees -- whether they go to actual offices or do their jobs from home -- find the last week of the calendar year is ideal for sorting through e-mails , clearing their desks , and reorganizing their work spaces . Sorting through stuff is rarely fun , but those who tackle it now will find themselves a step ahead when their now-vacationing colleagues and clients come staggering back after the holidays . According to the National Association of Professional Organizers , which sponsors the annual "  Get Organized Month " each January to help folks take control of their time , tasks and possessions , 83 % of members polled say that "  paper organization " ranks highest on their individual and corporate clients ' to-do lists . For people taking time off between Christmas and New Year 's , this week offers a chance to get things in order before 2013 arrives . Devoting time to both physically and mentally clearing out the "  old " and embracing the "  new " is about more than just getting rid of stuff . Being organized is really about being in control , says Susan Fleischman , a Chicago-based professional organizer , home stager and founder of clutterfree . "  As joyous as the holidays can be , the period between Thanksgiving and New Year 's is probably one of the most stressful of the year for people , " she says . That 's why spending the week after Christmas decluttering "  really helps you recover and detox from the hustle and bustle of the holidays . "  It 's very symbolic -- we 're ramping up to the ultimate do-over . We all get to turn the calendar page and make a fresh start . " For those at work , says Fleischman , "  the phone stops ringing , there are fewer meetings . Real work probably comes to a screeching halt . There are far fewer reasons to keep letting getting organized fall to the bottom of the to-do list . " And these days , when employees often feel compelled to work harder and longer , being organized can be a real competitive advantage . NAPO Industry Member Director Mary Dykstra says that on average , Americans waste time amounting to between six and 12 weeks a year searching for things in their offices and homes . "  Just imagine if you could get out from under that clutter and spend that time helping your company build their business and ultimately , your career , " says Fleischman , who was a public relations and marketing executive before launching her professional organizing business . "  Every minute counts when it comes to impressing the boss , your colleagues and clients . At work , we strive to project that we 're knowledgeable , in control and experts . We 're constantly accessing , sharing , reacting to information . Being able to put your hands on the information or generate some information means the better you 'll be able to rise to the top and have clarity of thought and creativity and maximize productivity . " But what about moving from work to the home front ? Cynthia Ewer , the Washington state-based editor of OrganizedHome.com and the author of "  The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Getting Organized Fast-Track , " suggests we use this in-between-holidays week to step back and reflect on our habits and how well they 're working for us at home . It 's important to remember , says Ewer , that "  there are different personality types . "  Organized " is what works for you . There are filers -- people who love folders . They want the serenity of knowing where things are . Pilers like to keep their eyes on their stuff . Deniers have bags of paperwork shoved into closets . Instead of using a "  What-does-it-look-like ? " yardstick , it 's a "  How-will-it-work ? " question . Know yourself , and come up with solutions that reflect who you are , she says . After all , she says , " ` It 's here somewhere ' is the most frustrating phrase in the English language . " Cutting clutter also can boost the bottom line . "  How many times do you go to the store and buy the things you could n't find ? " asks Fleischman . But cleaning up and cleaning out also can generate money , says Ewer . "  It can be a real fun process to turn your clutter into cash . " Nab tax deductions by donating cleared-out items to nonprofit organizations . Declutterers can send usable books , DVDs , video games and music to third-party merchants in exchange for gift cards through the Amazon Trade-In Program . Even computer manufacturers like Apple offer gift cards to customers who send in an old iPhone , iPad or computer for reuse or recycling , if those devices still have monetary value . "  Leading an orderly life is about saving time , saving money , reducing stress , " says Fleischman , who also blogs about organizing tips and clutter makeovers . "  And that 's energy you can spend on leisure pursuits , which is very important to emotional well-being . " Some tips for cutting through the workplace and home clutter this holiday week : • Stockpile your supplies . Fleischman advises making sure you 've got the right trash bins , shredders , file folders and markers at your fingertips before you start sorting and tossing . • Take it a zone at a time . Your office , home and car did n't become a mess overnight , so declutter in increments . Fleischman suggests starting with desktops , then floors , then moving on to file cabinets and bookcases . • Go from horizontal to vertical piles . If you 're purging papers , clear those piles from your desk and the floor by placing newly sorted files in a cabinet or an upright vertical file . This way , your eyes can quickly scan and identify what you need at a glance . • Free up the fridge . "  Get the ghosts of Christmas past out of there -- all those little cans of this and that , the beef sticks from the gift basket no one can bear to throw out , " says Ewer . Besides , this clean-up also will save you some calories . • Be realistic . If you really write out bills at the kitchen table and not in the home office , says Ewer , get yourself a wheeled cart you can roll where the work gets done . If your kids ' toys actually live in the family room -- not in the bedroom toy box -- create a storage solution there . "  Look at your patterns of living and organize yourself accordingly . "	Do your New Year 's resolutions include a push to clean up ? Here are some tips to start Being organized is about being in control , says professional organizer Susan Fleischman Cleaning clutter can eliminate the need to buy what you simply ca n't find
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Irish victims of sexual abuse are "  disgusted " by a newly revealed letter in which a Vatican official expresses "  serious reservations " about requiring bishops to report suspected abuse by priests to police , they said Wednesday . Abuse survivors will question the cardinal leading a special papal delegation to Ireland about the letter , they said . "  We are disgusted by details revealed in the letter . Many of our members just ca n't take this in and have been deeply affected by the revelations , " Survivors and Victims of Institutional Abuse spokeswoman Margaret McGuckin told CNN . The 1997 letter from the Vatican 's envoy to Ireland warns bishops to follow church law in investigating cases of suspected child sex abuse by priests . The envoy expresses "  serious reservations " about requiring that such cases be reported to the police . The Vatican has called the letter "  deeply misunderstood " since it was made public by Irish state broadcaster RTE this week . CNN obtained a copy of the letter on Tuesday from a lawyer who represents the Vatican . A spokesman for the Conference of Irish Bishops said they have since 1996 had a policy of reporting suspected abuse to the police . Victims of abuse are due to meet Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor on Friday , they said . He was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI last year to work with the Irish church after revelations of widespread abuse by priests and cover-ups by their superiors . "  The meeting with the cardinal could n't have come at a better time -- we will be letting him know exactly how we feel , will be putting many questions and will be demanding answers , " McGuckin said . A spokeswoman for the cardinal declined to confirm he would meet victims on Friday , citing the sensitivity of the issue . The two-page letter , written by Apostolic Nuncio Luciano Storero , was sent to bishops in Ireland in response to a document they had sent to the Vatican that recommends mandatory reporting of cases of suspected child sex abuse by priests . After studying the Irish bishops ' document , the Vatican 's Congregation for the Clergy said it contains "  procedures and dispositions which appear contrary to canonical discipline and which , if applied , could invalidate the acts of the same bishops who are attempting to put a stop to these problems . "  If such procedures were followed by the bishops and there were cases of eventual hierarchical recourse lodged at the Holy See , the results could be highly embarrassing and detrimental to those same diocesan authorities , " Storero wrote . "  In particular , the situation of ` mandatory reporting ' gives rise to serious reservations of both a moral and a canonical nature , " he added . RTE said it had received the letter from an Irish bishop and that Catholic officials in the country had previously refused to release it . The RTE program "  Would You Believe ? " said Pope Benedict XVI is now doing more than any previous pope has done to tackle abuse , but asked whether that has been enough . Martin Long , a spokesman for Irish Catholic bishops , said the pope had twice in the past year urged them to follow procedures the church established to protect children . "  Also the Irish Church maintains its policy of mandatory reporting of abuse allegations , " Long said , calling on the Irish government "  to introduce law which facilitates mandatory reporting of allegations of sex abuse . " Jeffrey Lena , the lawyer representing the Holy See in the United States , said in a statement that "  the letter in question has been deeply misunderstood . " He said its primary purpose "  was to help ensure that bishops who discipline their priests for sexual abuse did so in a manner that would ensure that the priest not avoid punishment based upon technical grounds . This is precisely the opposite of what has been reported in many press accounts . " The letter also raised questions about the canonical validity of what Lena called the "  study document " produced by the Irish bishops ' conference . "  As such , contrary to media reports , the letter did not constitute a rejection of the position of the conference , " he said . "  Finally , and again in stark contrast to news reports , the letter nowhere instructed Irish bishops to disregard civil law reporting requirements . " Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said the letter rightly insists that canon law be respected to ensure that guilty priests have no grounds for recourse . "  We need to remember that the letter was written before the norms of 2001 , " which clarified the matter , he said . But victims ' and survivors ' groups in Ireland said the letter proves the protection of pedophile priests from criminal investigation was not only sanctioned by Vatican leaders but ordered by them . One in Four , an organization representing victims of sexual abuse in Ireland , said the letter raised questions about the inquiry into child sex abuse by clerics in Ireland . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests raised similar concerns . "  In the mid 1990s , Irish bishops wanted to start telling law enforcement about horrific child sex crimes , " the group said in a statement . "  Top Vatican bureaucrats told them no . That 's what this newly released letter shows . We ca n't help but wonder how many other similar documents -- in which the Vatican thwarts local efforts to combat abuse -- remain hidden in church records across the world . " "  It 's certainly an embarrassment for the Vatican , " said CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John L. Allen Jr. "  It 's another confirmation that , in the late 1990s , there was deep ambivalence in the Vatican about how far they should go in terms of reporting priestly sex abuse to civil authorities . " But , he added , "  It 's not a smoking gun because it is not a directive . Not an order . This is one Vatican official giving his opinion . It is not a policy document . " Current church policy calls for such cases -- learned about outside the confessional -- to be reported to police , he said . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	Victims will grill a cardinal representing the pope on Friday , they say A 1997 letter warns bishops to follow canonical law Victims groups say it is a smoking gun proving a systematic cover-up Irish bishops have had mandatory reporting rules since 1996 , their spokesman says
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  Gunmen stormed the headquarters of Somalia 's education ministry in the country 's capital on Tuesday after a suicide car bombing , a two-pronged attack that killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others , officials said . The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu , group spokesman Abu Musab said . The attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the Ministry of Education , Culture & Higher Education , Somali National Security Ministry spokesman Mohamed Yusuf said . Five gunmen then entered the building , shooting people inside , Yusuf said . Security guards at the building , and , later , Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside , witnesses said . Soldiers from the African Union , who are in Somalia in part to support the government 's fight against Al-Shabaab , teamed up with Somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers , Yusuf said . The attack killed four Somali soldiers and eight civilians , according to Yusuf . The special forces helped people out of the building while the attack was underway , city police Capt. Mohamud Abdi said . Ali Hassan , a man who was helped from the building , confirmed that a rescue operation was happening inside . Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has battled the country 's government for years , aiming to overthrow it and turn the nation into a fundamentalist Islamic state . In recent years , the group also launched terror attacks beyond Somalia 's borders , sometimes targeting non-Muslims . What is Al-Shabaab , and what does it want ? Earlier this month , Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in neighboring Kenya , killing 147 people , mostly students . The terrorists separated Christians from Muslims and shot those who could n't recite verses from the Quran , witnesses said . In Somalia , Al-Shabaab has been blamed for attacks that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . Late last month , Al-Shabaab militants detonated a bomb and sprayed bullets at a Mogadishu hotel , leaving at least 20 people dead in an attack that lasted a number of hours . Among those killed was Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari , Somalia 's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta .	Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack A car bomb explodes outside the front gate of the education ministry building in Mogadishu Assailants storm the building and engage in a gunbattle with guards
So ill he could not move , Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart supposedly sang parts of his final masterpiece , "  Requiem , " from his deathbed . Two centuries later , the exact cause of the Austrian composer 's premature death , in December 1791 at age 35 , is still a mystery . This portrait by painter Johann Georg Edlinger , showed Mozart not long before his mysterious death in 1791 . Theories abound . It 's known that his entire body was so swollen he could n't turn over in bed ; some say jealous rivals poisoned him , while others suggest scarlet fever , tuberculosis , or lethal trichinosis from undercooked pork . Now , new evidence points to an altogether different conclusion : Mozart may have died from kidney damage caused by a strep infection , possibly strep throat . Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ? 8 causes of chronic cough Dr. Richard H.C. Zegers of the University of Amsterdam and his colleagues analyzed data from Vienna 's death registry . Researchers had not previously analyzed the daily death registry -- begun in handwritten script in 1607 and maintained until 1920 -- for clues to Mozart 's death . Zegers and his team looked at information for 5,011 adults who died during three consecutive winters starting in 1790 , as well as eyewitness accounts of Mozart 's death , according to the study published this week in Annals of Internal Medicine . "  By looking at the patterns of death during Mozart 's time and combining them with the signs and symptoms of his final disease , we have not one but two pillars on which our theory is built , " said Zegers . "  Although we ca n't be 100 percent conclusive , I 'm convinced that we have come very near the exact reason he died . " The researchers found that there were more than 500 deaths related to edema , the swelling caused by fluid in the body 's tissues . Edema was the third most common cause of death at the time , after tuberculosis and malnutrition/cachexia , a physical wasting-away that was possibly caused by cancer or diabetes . Health.com : Your nutrition needs in your 30s , 40s , and 50s During the winter of 1791 , there was a spike in edema-related deaths among younger men , possibly because of an epidemic of strep throat , according to Zegers . He and his colleagues suspect that the epidemic 's origin was the local military hospital , since crowded quarters are more conducive to the rapid spread of airborne bacteria such as group A Streptococcus , which can cause strep throat . Strep throat can progress to rheumatic fever , which can lead to heart valve and joint damage ; scarlet fever , which is characterized by a skin rash ; and poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis  APSGN  , a condition that causes fluid buildup throughout the body because of kidney damage . Health.com : How one doctor helps patients avoid kidney problems Strep bacteria 's serious side effects are why today 's experts recommend testing and prompt antibiotic treatment of strep , which causes a fiery red throat , severe pain and a high fever . However , most present-day throat infections are caused by viruses  in which case antibiotics are useless  , and they often go away without treatment or serious complications . Dr. Martin Schreiber , the head of the nephrology and hypertension department at the Cleveland Clinic , in Ohio , said that the researchers might be on the right track . "  Is this plausible ? Yes , " said Schreiber . "  But is it definitive ? No . " Contrary to previous theories suggesting that Mozart died in extremely rare circumstances , the new study does have a more reasonable conclusion based on what was happening in the community , Schreiber said . "  Using the most credible sources available from that period , they 're relying upon deductive reasoning . I 'm not sure if there 's a more scientific approach to doing this , " he added . Even though the death registry 's data helps shed light on Mozart 's cause of death , significant gaps still leave doubt . Many people witnessed the composer 's final days , but most of those accounts were published decades after his death . Historians have found no written accounts by Mozart 's physicians , and have relied largely on medical reports by a doctor who was familiar with the case -- but did n't treat the composer . Other sources used in the study include a biography written by the composer 's wife 's second husband , Georg Nikolaus von Nissen , and an eyewitness account given by Mozart 's sister-in-law , Sophie Haibel , 33 years after his death . Dr. Stephen Gluck , a nephrologist at the University of California , San Francisco , finds some faults with the new theory : There are no accounts of Mozart suffering from a sore throat in the last weeks of his life ; nor were there reports of high blood pressure or blood in his urine . All are telltale signs of APSGN . Gluck adds that APSGN now occurs mainly in children and is nonfatal in most cases . Mozart 's cause of death is listed on the city 's official registry as hitziges Frieselfieber , or miliary fever , a condition whose symptoms include a high temperature and rash . Zegers suggested this guess was made by a layperson instead of a medical authority because it was a term widely used to describe symptoms instead of an actual medical diagnosis . Although a rash is a symptom of scarlet fever , which is also caused by strep bacteria , it 's more likely that Mozart 's death was due to strep throat , Zegers said . None of the people who were with him during the last weeks of life reported that he had a rash , suggesting that he had the rash only at the time of his death . Scarlet fever 's rash shows up the first or second day after you get sick and then subsides within six to nine days , said Zegers , so that condition is unlikely to have been the cause of death . Health.com : Four things you did n't know about natural medicine What 's more , Mozart was reported to have had a fever in the fall of 1791 , which may have been caused by the initial strep infection , the researchers say . Some strep complications can occur weeks after the initial infection , and it 's possible that Mozart had a sore throat before or at the time of his death and it was n't recorded . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Exact cause of Mozart 's death , at age 35 in 1791 , is still a mystery In 1791 , edema-related deaths among younger men increased due to strep throat But there are no accounts of Mozart having sore throat in his last weeks of life
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A Tibetan protester set himself alight in New Delhi on Monday ahead of Chinese President Hu Jintao 's visit to India this week , police said . New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said the 27-year-old man was part of a Tibetan protest over Hu 's upcoming visit to the Indian capital for a summit Thursday . The man was hospitalized with burns on 90 % of his body , Bhagat said . Self-immolation is a common form of protests for Tibetans who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression . More than 30 of them took place in the last year in China , Tibetan advocacy groups say . They follow an increase in security measures by the Chinese authorities in response to unrest among Tibetans in western areas of China in recent months . Some in Tibet have advocated independence from China . But the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , and others have said they favor genuine autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the most numerous ethnic group in China . Activists say the disturbing acts of self-immolation reflect an increasingly repressive environment under China 's control . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . Chinese officials have described the self-immolations as "  extreme " acts .	The protester had burns on 90 % of his body , police say More than 30 acts of self-immolation have taken place in the last year in China Tibetans want genuine autonomy from China Chinese officials call the acts "  extreme "
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn will have to wait a little longer to equal the all-time record for World Cup race wins . Fresh from her triumph in Saturday 's downhill at Val d'Isere , the American star had high hopes in the super-G but crashed out after hitting a gate mid-course . It left the way clear for Elisabeth Goergl to lead an Austrian one-two ahead of Olympic champion Anna Fenninger -- with World Cup overall points leader Tina Maze in third . For Vonn , who needs one more victory to tie the great Annemarie Moser Proll 's record of 62 wins , there was disappointment but relief that she had escaped unscathed . She has only just returned to the alpine skiing circuit after right knee surgery which saw her miss the Olympic Games in Sochi earlier this year . "  I was a little tired , " Vonn admitted as she reflected on her mishap . "  Yesterday was a great day , but a very long day and it takes a lot of energy . I skied pretty well on the top section and I was at my limit and I missed a little bit of elevation and I was n't able to make the gate , " she told the official website of the International Skiing Federation  FIS  . "  The positive thing is that my knees are good and I 'm still going home for Christmas with a big smile . " Goergl was also smiling after a superb display on the OK piste at the French resort , clocking a time of one minute 25.42 seconds . It left her just 0.05 faster than Fenninger , with Slovenia 's ever-consistent Maze a further 0.08 seconds adrift . "  The course today was really tricky and I kind of like that . I had everything clear in my head and my coaches reported that there were some weird turns and what I had to do . "  It was great team work and it turned out fine , " she said . It was her seventh World Cup win , her third in super-G , denying Fenninger , who had won at Solden earlier this year . Maze holds a 249-point lead in the overall standings ahead of Fenninger , with Vonn in third , 344 points adrift . Sunday also saw another giant slalom win for Austria 's Marcel Hirscher , who was well clear of his rivals at Alta Badia in Italy . The triple overall World Cup champion finished 1.45 seconds clear of Olympic champion Ted Ligety of the United States , with Thomas Fanara of France completing the podium . Hirscher also went one clear of his legendary compatriot Franz Klammer for number of World Cup wins , racking up his 27th and fourth of the season , three coming in giant slalom . The 25-year-old also closed up on Norway 's Kjetil Jansrud in this season 's battle for the overall crown . Speed discipline specialist Jansrud won the downhill at Val Gardena Saturday , but Hirscher can overtake him in the standings with a strong showing in Monday 's slalom on the floodlit Madonna di Campillo slope . "  This is my best ever start to a World Cup season , " Hirscher said . "  But I still have Kjetil in front of me . He skies incredibly well in speed races , he never makes a mistake . "	Elisabeth Goergl wins World Cup super-G at Val d'Isere Beats compatriot and Olympic champion Anna Fenninger into second place Lindsey Vonn crashes out but is not injured Marcel Hirscher claims men 's giant slalom at Alta Badia
Washington  CNN  -- John Brennan joined the CIA as a young man after responding to a newspaper want ad . Now , at 57 , he could become its next director . President Barack Obama on Monday nominated Brennan , his chief counterterrorism adviser , to lead the CIA , praising his pick as someone already closely connected to the agency and willing to fight on its behalf . "  John knows what our national security demands : intelligence that provides policymakers with the facts , strong , analytic insights and a keen understanding of a dynamic world , " Obama said at the White House . Brennan worked for the CIA for more than two decades and has been Obama 's assistant for counterterrorism and homeland security since 2009 . In that role , Obama said , Brennan worked closely with many government agencies . The results were clear , the president said . "  More al Qaeda leaders and commanders have been removed from the battlefield than at any time since 9/11 . " Brennan has shaped the White House 's strategy to aggressively pursue suspected terrorists -- dramatically escalating the use of armed unmanned aircraft , often referred to as drones -- and to kill them in the ungoverned territories of Pakistan and in Yemen . Brennan : Drone attacks are legal , ethical He was also intimately involved in the run-up to the raid on the Osama bin Laden compound in May 2011 . "  John is legendary even in the White House for working hard , " Obama said . "  He is one of the hardest working public servants I have ever seen . " In recent years , Brennan has become well-known in Washington as the public face of the White House 's counterterrorism policies . Now , if the Senate confirms his nomination , he 'll head an agency where many employees work behind the scenes . Brennan praised the often anonymous work of CIA staffers Monday and pledged to do everything he can to support them . "  If confirmed as director I will make it my mission to make sure that the CIA has the tools it needs to keep our nation safe and that its work always reflect the liberties , the freedoms and the values that we hold so dear , " Brennan told reporters shortly after Obama tapped him for the job . Obama announced Brennan 's nomination Monday at the same time he tapped former Sen. Chuck Hagel to become defense secretary . Both men , he said , "  have dedicated their lives to protecting our country . " If the Senate confirms Brennan 's the nomination , he will replace retired Gen. David Petraeus , who stepped down from his job as CIA director in November amid revelations that he had engaged in an extramarital affair with his biographer . Petraeus resigned on November 9 as the FBI investigated whether his biographer , Paula Broadwell , had inappropriate access to classified information . Read more : Who 's in , who 's out of cabinet Michael Morell , a career intelligence officer who was serving as the spy agency 's deputy director , has been acting CIA director since Petraeus ' resignation . In a message to colleagues , Morrell said he looked forward to welcoming Brennan back to the CIA . "  Those of you who know John can attest to his intellect , expertise , and prodigious work ethic . I have had the privilege of working with him for the better part of two decades , and I know him to be a public servant of the highest integrity . We have worked literally hundreds of tough issues together , and I have found that his approach always begins and ends with the question , ` What is the right thing to do here ? ' " he wrote . After the 2008 election , Brennan was touted as a shoo-in for CIA director , but attacks from critics who claimed he supported the Bush administration 's policy of harsh interrogations prompted him to drop out of consideration for the job . Returning to the CIA would be a homecoming of sorts for Brennan , who spent 25 years there , developing a deep knowledge of the Mideast and fluency in Arabic . "  He knows what the president wants from his intelligence community , " said Bill Harlow , a former senior CIA official . "  And he also knows how to deliver it from having worked at the agency . ... There 'll be no learning curve for him . " After the nomination was announced , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he hoped the Senate would give both Brennan and Hagel "  a fair and constructive confirmation process . " Debate over the drone program and Brennan 's position on CIA interrogations could make for some rough moments during his hearings . Concerns about his past work at the CIA began to simmer again on Monday , with the American Civil Liberties Union calling on lawmakers to investigate whether Brennan had been involved in torture , abuse or secret prisons during his past tenure at the CIA during the administration of President George W. Bush . Opinion : John Brennan , Obama 's drone warrior "  This nomination is too important to proceed without the Senate first knowing what happened during Brennan 's tenures at the CIA and the White House , and whether all of his conduct was within the law , " Laura W. Murphy , director of the ACLU 's Washington Legislative Office , said in a statement . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said he planned to examine Brennan 's record closely . "  I appreciate John Brennan 's long record of service to our nation , " McCain said in a statement , "  but I have many questions and concerns about his nomination to be director of the Central Intelligence Agency , especially what role he played in the so-called enhanced interrogation programs while serving at the CIA during the last administration , as well as his public defense of those programs . " Even as she praised his record , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said she planned to raise the CIA detention and interrogation issue with Brennan . The fact that Brennan is coming from the West Wing and has frequently talked about the president 's views on camera could make him political fodder , said Frances Fragos Townsend , CNN 's national security contributor . "  He 's got to expect that  Capitol  Hill is going to treat him as a political person who is fair game now , rightly or wrongly , " she said . On Monday , Brennan said he was prepared to work with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and field their questions . "  While the intelligence profession oftentimes demands secrecy , " he said , "  it is critically important that there be a full and open discourse on intelligence matters with the appropriate elected representatives of the American people . " Compared to Hagel , reaction to Brennan nomination muted CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported in Atlanta ; Pam Benson in Washington . CNN 's John Berman , Jill Dougherty , Devon Sayers and Jim Acosta also contributed to this report .	NEW : The acting director says he looks forward to welcoming John Brennan back to the CIA Brennan says his mission will be "  to make sure that the CIA has the tools it needs " Obama : Brennan "  is one of the hardest working public servants I have ever seen " Brennan , 57 , has been Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser for four years
CNN  -- A New York man accused of stalking and threatening to kill two nationally known TV anchorwomen has been arrested , authorities said Monday . David Lee Simpson , 48 , was arrested in Bath , New York . He has waived extradition and will be taken to the Maricopa County Jail in Arizona this week , according to a statement from the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . He was indicted by a grand jury in Phoenix last week on charges of stalking and computer tampering , it said . It was not immediately clear whether he had retained representation . The statement did not identify the two TV personalities , who were allegedly targeted because of their coverage of the Jodi Arias trial . When asked who they were , spokesman Joaquin Enriquez said : "  The sheriff said he would not release the names per Turner . " CNN , a division of Turner Broadcasting System , is not commenting on the case . Arias was convicted in May of first-degree murder for killing her ex-boyfriend , Travis Alexander . A jury deadlocked on whether she should be sentenced to death . Simpson purportedly made threats on Twitter before and after the trial . He threatened to tie the anchorwomen to a "  tree naked and leave them to suffer all night " and then "  slit their throats , " according to the Sheriff 's Office statement . He also allegedly threatened a Phoenix woman who defended the anchorwomen on Twitter . "  Threats against anyone have to be taken seriously , " said Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . "  Media personalities are frequent targets and because of their high visibility , they are particularly vulnerable . A few in the past have been stalked and murdered . "  The suspect was on his way south with enough weapons in his car to do serious harm to someone . Fortunately , we acted quickly and in so doing , were able to stop him before anything could transpire . " A search of Simpson 's car turned up several guns , shotgun ammunition , handcuffs , zip-ties , binoculars , a knife and a police radio , the Sheriff 's Office said . A receipt to a recently purchased shotgun was also found but the shotgun itself was not . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	David Lee Simpson , 48 , was arrested in New York ; he will be taken to Arizona He allegedly targeted the women because of their coverage of the Jodi Arias trial A search of Simpson 's car turned up guns , ammunition and handcuffs
CNN  -- Heavy rains and hurricane-force winds that surpassed 70 miles per hour in places toppled trees , left more than half a million people without power , and suspended travel throughout much of the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region Saturday night . Four inches of rain fell in parts of the region , and the National Weather Service extended storm and flood warnings for much of the area into Sunday . "  This storm is such a slow mover that it 's not going to pull out probably until Monday , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  There 's another whole day to get through with heavy rain and strong winds . " Some areas will see an additional 1 to 3 inches of rain by Sunday , Jeras said , though winds are expected to die down to a maximum of 30 miles an hour . Power outages darkened much of New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and Connecticut . New Jersey 's PSE&G electric company said 136,000 customers were without power Saturday night , while Long Island Power Authority said close to 190,000 customers lacked electricity . "  The ground is so wet from all the snow we 've had this winter , it 's helping the trees to topple over , as well as our utility poles , " said Long Island Power Authority president and CEO Kevin Law . "  The conditions are still too terrible to get crews out there . " Law said that some customers will likely go without power until early next week . Con Edison reported 97,000 customers without power in New York City and Westchester County , while other electric companies in the region reported tens of thousands more were in the dark . Amtrak suspended trains between New York and Philadelphia because of issues with overhead wires and power outages . About 10 Amtrak trains were affected . New Jersey Transit stopped train service for the majority of its system , including the Northeast Corridor , North Jersey Coastline , Raritan Valley , and Atlantic City Rail lines . A New Jersey Transit spokeswoman said many trees have fallen on overhead wires . Boston 's Logan International Airport diverted flights due to weather and there were reports of major delays at airports throughout the Northeast . Across the region , trees and utility poles crashed onto houses and cars . Part of a crane collapsed at a construction site in Atlantic City , New Jersey . The New York police department brought in additional 911 operators Saturday to handle the surge in emergency calls .	Four inches of rain and winds topping 70 mph recorded in parts of the Northeast Storm and flood warnings extended into Sunday for much of the area Slow-moving storm wo n't pass "  probably until Monday , " CNN meteorologist says Outages darken much of New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and Connecticut
CNN  -- After more than 40 years of having his claims of an unjust murder conviction go unanswered , Louisiana inmate Herman Wallace is now a free man . But it may be a Pyrrhic victory . Wallace , who spent decades in solitary confinement , is terminally ill with liver cancer . He was released after a judge vacated his murder conviction and sentence , one of his attorneys told CNN . State officials had been threatened with contempt if they did not release Wallace immediately . Wallace , 71 , is one of the "  Angola 3 " -- three inmates who claim they tried to point out injustices at Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola during the late 1960s and 1970s . Wallace 's sisters , nieces and nephews wanted him moved to hospice care in New Orleans , said one of his attorneys . "  He has claimed there was an unfair trial for 41 years and finally we have that ruling , " attorney Nick Trenticosta told CNN on Tuesday night . "  For him to pass on from this world with friends and family at his side is extremely important . " The release came hours after U.S. District Chief Judge Brian A. Jackson in Baton Rouge said that women were systematically excluded from the grand jury that indicted Wallace in the 1972 slaying of a guard at Louisiana State Penitentiary . Jackson declined to address Wallace 's other claims , including an allegation that the state knowingly used false testimony and withheld exculpatory evidence at trial . East Baton Rouge District Attorney Hillar Moore 's office subsequently filed an appeal with the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals and asked that Wallace not be immediately released . But , in a strongly worded order , Jackson later Tuesday repeated his demand that Wallace be freed immediately , saying the state has failed to show Wallace would be a flight risk or public danger if released . He threatened them with a contempt judgment . The judge ruled that prosecutors have 30 days to notify Wallace whether they intend to seek a new indictment in the case . Wallace 's legal team lauded the release of their client . "  Tonight , Herman Wallace has left the walls of Louisiana prisons and will be able to receive the medical care that his advanced liver cancer requires , " they said in a statement . "  It took the order of a federal judge to address the clear constitutional violations present in Mr. Wallace 's 1974 trial and grant him relief . The state of Louisiana has had many opportunities to address this injustice and has repeatedly and utterly failed to do so . " Prison a "  cauldron of brutality " Louisiana State Penitentiary is known as Angola after the land that it is on . The land used to be a plantation that the owners named after the home country of many of the slaves who worked there . The land was eventually bought by the prison system . There is a museum for the prison , which became known as the "  bloodiest prison in the South " because of the number of inmate assaults . Official histories of Angola mention the abuses it was known for , but considers them a thing of the past . However , as recently as this year , two death row inmates at Angola testified in court about being subjected to "  indescribable " heat where they were held . The testimony was part of a lawsuit against the prison alleging that authorities placed inmates with pre-existing medical conditions at risk , the New Orleans Times Picayune reported . Citing the case of the "  Angola 3 , " several U.S. congressmen filed a complaint , alleging that inmates are kept in solitary confinement for unreasonable stretches of time . Wallace was in solitary confinement at Angola until 2009 , when he was moved to Hunt Correctional Center . He remained in solitary until his diagnosis , according to Trenticosta . Trenticosta said Wallace and another inmate at the Angola prison tried "  to stop the guard brutality as much as the inmate brutality . " Inmates often were in control of the Angola prison and young men were taken in as sexual slaves by fellow inmates , Trenticosta added . "  It was a cauldron of brutality . " Albert Woodfox and Wallace were convicted in the 1972 killing of Angola guard Brent Miller ; a third inmate , Robert King , also known as Robert K. Wilkerson , also protested prison conditions . Together , they were known as the "  Angola 3 . " Woodfox and Wallace claimed they were targeted because of their activism as Black Panthers . Wallace , who was serving an armed robbery sentence at the time of Miller 's death , and Woodfox "  were threatening the status quo , " Trenticosta said . King was transferred to Angola just weeks after the guard was killed . Even so , he was investigated as a possible "  conspirator " and put into solitary confinement alongside Wallace and Woodfox , according to the documentary "  In the Land of the Free . " He was never convicted in connection with Miller 's death . King was convicted in 1973 of killing a fellow inmate . His conviction was overturned in 2001 , and he was freed . Diagnosed with cancer this summer Wallace proclaimed his innocence in Miller 's death in appeals . "  Mr. Wallace has fought his unconstitutional conviction for decades and is supported by four alibi witnesses who place him in another part of the prison when the tragic murder occurred , " his lawyers said Tuesday . According to his lawyers , Wallace -- after losing between 40 and 50 pounds -- was found this summer to have terminal liver cancer . Chemotherapy treatment has not been effective and was suspended , according to Trenticosta , one of the attorneys for Wallace and Woodfox . He said the cancer should have been treated much earlier . Wallace and Woodfox , who remains in prison with appeals pending in his case , "  endured very restrictive conditions , including periods of 23-hour cell confinement , " according to Amnesty International USA . "  Tragically , this step toward justice has come as Herman is dying from cancer with only days or hours left to live . No ruling can erase the cruel , inhuman and degrading prison conditions he endured for more than 41 years , " Amnesty said . The human rights organization said it knows of only one other person in the United States who has been held for longer under such conditions . The American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana , asked authorities not to appeal the ruling that freed Wallace . "  We hope that they will see reason instead , and allow Herman Wallace the chance to spend his final days outside of the confinement he has endured for more than 40 years , " the group said in a statement . Trenticosta said he last saw Wallace a few weeks ago . "  There is no anger with Mr. Wallace , " the lawyer said . "  He is the strongest person I have had the great opportunity to represent . He is about positive thinking . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Inmate is released , according to attorney Federal judge orders release of terminally ill inmate , 71 Herman Wallace was in solitary confinement for more than 40 years He was convicted of killing a guard at prison in Angola , Louisiana
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Manhattan nightclub bouncer was found guilty of murder Wednesday in the slaying of a 24-year-old graduate student from Boston , Massachusetts , the Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office said . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , could be sentenced to a maximum of life in prison for the death of a grad student in 2006 . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , could be sentenced to a maximum of life in prison without the possibility of parole for the death of Imette St. Guillen , a criminology student at John Jay College of Criminal Justice . Sentencing is scheduled for July 8 . "  We 're going to appeal , " Littlejohn 's lawyer , Joyce David , told CNN after the conviction . "  We 're disappointed . I 'm hoping this gives the family of the victim some closure . But I think that the wrong man was convicted . " The verdict came several hours into the first day of deliberations by the jury . Before the verdict , David stressed to CNN that she believed in the innocence of her client , saying that Littlejohn was framed and that another person was a likely suspect . "  He was a convenient scapegoat who has a long criminal record , " David said . During the trial , witnesses said they saw Littlejohn and St. Guillen leaving The Falls bar in lower Manhattan together early on February 25 , 2006 . Hours later , St. Guillen 's nude body was found in an isolated lot in Brooklyn . Her face was covered with strips of packing tape , and a sock was stuffed in her throat . She died of asphyxiation . Investigators determined she had been raped . Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St. Guillen 's hands behind her back . Littlejohn is already serving a term of 25 years to life for the October 2005 kidnapping of a 19-year-old college student in Queens . CNN 's Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , could be sentenced to life without parole Man convicted of killing college student Imette St. Guillen Lawyer will appeal , says , "  I think that the wrong man was convicted " Littlejohn is already serving a term of 25 years to life for a kidnapping
New York  CNN  -- New York authorities said Thursday that they had reached a deal with 23 gun show operators in the state after an investigation revealed weapons were sold without proper background checks . Under the new agreement , authorities say it will be easier to track whether sellers are following the proper safety steps . "  Gun violence is everyone 's concern , " New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement , "  and I 'm proud that we 've worked with gun show operators to create simple procedures to ensure that deadly weapons do n't make it into the hands of felons , terrorists , the dangerously mentally ill or anyone else who could not pass a background check . " The new measures , which authorities hope will be a model for other states , include a requirement that weapons sold by private sellers at gun shows be tagged so operators can be sure proper background checks were performed . The 23 gun show operators who signed on to the deal represent 80 % of the gun shows in the state , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities hope all gun shows statewide will sign on to the deal by the end of the year . Dozens of gun shows are held across America on any given weekend . Gun shows open to consumers are big business , accounting for about 10 % of the industry 's $ 3.5 billion in annual sales , Wedbush Securities analyst Rommel Dionisio said earlier this year . New York is among the states that require background checks at gun shows , and the state 's gun laws are among the nation 's most stringent . In January , Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed laws fortifying New York 's existing assault weapons ban , limiting the number of bullets allowed in magazines and strengthening rules that govern the mentally ill , which includes a requirement to report potentially harmful behavior . Gun rights advocates have pushed to repeal the laws , while some state lawmakers have pushed for stricter measures . On Thursday , Democratic New York State Assemblywoman Linda B. Rosenthal of Manhattan introduced a bill that would ban children under age 12 from attending gun shows . New York 's gun show deal comes just a few days after a U.S. Senate committee approved legislation that would expand background checks covering all U.S. firearms sales , part of a federal gun-control push prompted by December 's school massacre in Connecticut . The background check proposal by Sen. Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat , is expected to face tough opposition once the full Senate takes it up . Schumer 's bill would mandate background checks for all gun sales , including private transactions . The NRA has said increased checks are nothing more than an attempt to create a national gun registry , a move the group vehemently opposes . Forty percent of all firearms purchased in the United States are sold without background checks because the guns are n't bought from a federally licensed firearms dealer , Lindsay Nichols , an attorney with the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence , said earlier this year . Rather , those weapons are bought at gun shows , on street corners , over the Internet or from friends or neighbors , Nichols said . CNN 's Chris Boyette , Todd Sperry , Mike Martinez , Catherine E. Shoichet and CNNMoney contributed to this report .	New York authorities reach a deal with 80 % of the state 's gun show operators Authorities say tracking whether background checks are conducted will be easier New York AG : "  I 'm proud that we 've worked with gun show operators "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has broken up an al Qaeda terror cell that planned a coordinated attack that included bombing the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv , Israeli authorities said Wednesday . Three men -- two from Jerusalem and one from the West Bank -- have been arrested in connection with the plot that called for a double suicide bombing targeting the embassy and the Jerusalem Convention Center , according to Israel 's Shin Bet intelligence agency . It is the second time in recent months that authorities claim to have halted an al Qaeda attack planned by Palestinian militants , according to Israeli media . In November , authorities claimed three Palestinians with ties to al Qaeda were killed by Israeli troops during a gunfight in the West Bank , according to the reports . The Israeli intelligence agency alleged Wednesday Iyad Halil Mohammad Abu Sara of East Jerusalem is "  the relevant member " of the three-man operation , a statement released by Shin Bet 's media office said . Abu Sara was allegedly recruited by al Qaeda to go to Syria for training and return to Israel , where he was to connect with others who were to have entered the country using forged Russian documents , the statement said . The arrests came as peace talks were under way in Geneva , Switzerland , to end the Syrian civil war , a conflict where violence has been spilled into neighboring countries and raised fears it could destabilize the region . Chief among those fears is that the chaos generated by the conflict has allowed an al Qaeda-linked group to take hold in Syria , attracting foreign fighters who can strike neighboring countries . While authorities did not say how far along Abu Sara and the others allegedly were in carrying out the plot , the intelligence agency claims it seized computer files sent from Gaza that instructed Abu Sara in the manufacturing of explosives . Abu Sara allegedly mapped routes to the convention center and had checked out the U.S. Embassy . He also was accused of planning an shooting rampage on a bus going from Jerusalem to Ma'ale Adumim , an Israeli settlement in the West Bank . As part of the plan , according to Shin Bet , the attack would include shooting out the wheels of the bus in an attempt to overturn it . Former CIA operative and national security analyst Robert Baer questioned the credibility of the threat posed by Abu Sara . "  I do n't think it is credible . It may have been aspirational , " he said on CNN 's The Lead . "  They may have had the plans on the books and sent people here and there , but al Qaeda ca n't operate in the West Bank or Jerusalem or Gaza . It is too difficult for them ... The Israelis have the place too well wired for them to get away with this . " The United States is working to corroborate the details , State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters . "  We 've been in contact with the Israeli government regarding these threats . We 're closely monitoring the situation , " she said . " ... I do n't have independent corroboration of some of those specifics . Our folks are working on that right now . But because this was Israeli information , I 'd point you to them for the corroboration . But obviously we 're looking into it as well . I do n't have reason to believe it 's not true . I just do n't have independent verification . " Ben Wedeman and Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I do n't think it is credible . It may have been aspirational , " an analyst says Israel 's intelligence agency says a three-man operation was planning a coordinated attack Among the targets were the U.S. Embassy , Jerusalem Convention Center , the agency said Iyad Halil Mohammad Abu Sara was one of the alleged operatives , authorities said
CNN  -- Nervy , unconvincing and fortuitous -- but Brazil could scarcely care less . On a night where its players finally stepped into the high-pressure cauldron atmosphere of the World Cup on home soil , Brazil found a way to win . Gone are the days of "  FÃºtbol Arte " or "  Joga Bonito " -- the beautiful game -- this current generation can not compete with that of 1970 or 1982 . But it does possess its own heroes -- and when Brazil needed him most , Neymar , for so long the face of this World Cup , stepped up and delivered . His two goals , the second a highly controversial penalty awarded in a farcical manner by referee Yuichi Nishimura , ensured Brazil triumphed 3-1 over Croatia in Thursday 's opening match . Oscar 's stoppage-time strike ensured a party atmosphere in Sao Paulo -- though it did not prevent protesters from assembling outside the stadium immediately after the contest . In a week where politics has overshadowed sport , this was the result the entire country had hoped for and rounded off a day which had begun in worrying fashion . Earlier Thursday , violence erupted in Sao Paulo as police clashed with protesters around 11 kilometers from the stadium . Critics are furious with the Brazilian government for spending $ 11 billion on the World Cup instead of low-income housing , hospitals and schools . Inside the arena , the country 's president Dilma Rousseff was booed by the crowd despite her attempt to keep a low profile . But any frustration at the political problems which have overshadowed the lead-up to the tournament were temporarily placed on hold . As the Brazilian team lined up for the national anthem , those draped in yellow rose to salute not just their heroes -- but their entire homeland . This was not a simple song -- this was a war cry , a call to arms to relieve the pain and struggle of daily life , and the disaster of 1950 . Not since that year has Brazil hosted the tournament . For 64 years the nation has waited to exorcize the demons of its darkest day in football . Brazil , needing just a draw to win the tournament , led 1-0 at halftime against Uruguay and appeared destined for greatness . Medals were engraved , newspapers were published at halftime declaring Brazil champion of the world . It was set to be the biggest celebration the country had ever witnessed -- but nobody remembered to tell Uruguay . Juan Alberto Schiaffino equalized to stun the home crowd as the visiting team began to sense fear inside the Maracana Stadium . And then , it happened -- the moment that brought about what would be known as Brazil 's "  Hiroshima " moment . Brazil goalkeeper Moacyr Barbosa allowed an effort from Alcides Ghiggia to roll underneath his body and into the net -- Uruguay was crowned champion . For Barbosa , life would never be the same . Even though he was named goalkeeper of the tournament he was scapegoated and never allowed to forget his error until he passed away in 2000 . "  Under Brazilian law the maximum sentence is 30 years , " Barbosa remarked on his 79th birthday , just two weeks before he passed away . "  But my imprisonment has been for 50 years . " Brazil 's players are no strangers to the history of their nation -- the yearning to erase the pain of 1950 has been with each and every generation who have pulled on the famous yellow jersey . So when Marcelo inadvertently diverted the ball into his own net after 11 minutes , you could have forgiven those draped in yellow for looking to the heavens . Croatia , which finished third at the 1998 World Cup , deserved the lead -- though it came in fortuitous circumstances after Nikica Jelavic 's miscued effort was turned in by the Real Madrid defender . Buoyed by the goal , Croatia appeared full of confidence and could have had a second when Jelavic peeled away at the far post only to send his header straight at Julio Cesar . Shocked and stunned by conceding , Brazil slowly but surely wrestled its way back into the contest . And in Neymar , the team has a player ready to carry the nation on his shoulders . So much pressure has been placed on the 22-year-old , who endured a difficult first season at Spanish club Barcelona , but this is the moment he has been waiting for . And when his country needed him , he responded . With 29 minutes played , Neymar took advantage of the space in front of him before unleashing a low 25-yard drive which flew into the corner . As the ball hit the back of the net it was as if a pressure valve had been released -- joy unconfined , thousands hugging , dancing , kissing and glancing skywards to offer prayers of gratitude . This was Brazil , resplendent in its yellow and blue , pushing forward . And when it needed it most , it had the luck too . With 20 minutes of normal time remaining , referee Nishimura adjudged that Dejan Lovren had fouled Fred and pointed to the penalty spot . It was a bewildering decision , with television pictures clearly showing that the Brazil striker had fallen over and not been dragged down by Lovren . While the Croatian players raged at the Japanese official , Neymar steadied himself and took the spot kick , only just beating Stipe Pletikosa from 12 yards . "  If that 's how we start the World Cup , we 'd better give it up now and go home , " Croatia coach Niko Kovac told reporters after the game . "  We talk about respect , that was n't respect , Croatia did n't get any . "  If that 's a penalty , we do n't need to play football anymore . Let 's play basketball instead , it 's a shame . " With Croatia riled by the injustice , it attempted to respond almost immediately and Ivan Perisic thought he had equalized only to be denied by the referee 's whistle . Luka Modric 's long-range drive then forced Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar into a scramble as Croatia pushed on in search of the goal to draw it level . But just as Brazil appeared to be hanging on , a moment of magic from its most impressive player on the night , Oscar , ensured victory . A sweeping counter-attack allowed the midfielder to run clear before toe-poking the ball past Pletikosa to secure victory . Brazil will face Mexico in its next game on June 17 in Fortaleza . Mexico begins its Group A campaign against Cameroon on Friday , when there is a repeat of the 2010 World Cup final in Group B with champion Spain taking on Netherlands . Friday 's final game sees Chile take on Australia .	Brazil defeats Croatia 3-1 in Thursday 's World Cup opener Marcelo own-goal gives European side an early lead in Sao Paulo Neymar then scores twice for Brazil and Oscar seals win late Mexico faces Cameroon in second Group A game on Friday
The stores that line New York City 's Fifth Avenue are filled with mannequins that come to life , DJs huddled over mixing boards and waiters lofting trays of free-flowing Champagne -- a scene lit by blinding flashbulbs . Women pair their Sunday best with heels that would make a podiatrist cringe , as they strut by , ogling the latest handbag collections . For men , it 's all about the pocket squares , bow ties and smoking loafers . Fashion 's Night Out , which took place last night in New York and across the world , is not for the self-conscious . The streets run rampant with stylish people taking pictures of stylish people taking pictures . Everyone is looking at everyone else -- Tweeting , Facebooking and Instagramming their favorite looks of the night . One can judge the success of their ensemble by the number of times they 're asked for a photograph . While that might sound a bit pretentious , and just about as fun as , say , a sewing needle injury , Fashion 's Night Out started for a more practical reason : To help the struggling U.S. clothing industry in an era of economic uncertainty . The trademarked event started four years ago , when retail sales were anything but vibrant . By December 2009 , retail sales had fallen for six straight months . The #NYFW diet : Part of the job ? "  In 2009 , in-store traffic was incredibly low , affecting sales and threatening jobs . It was clear that something needed to happen to get people comfortable with shopping again and to remind them that their purchases were helping to support the economy and the lives of those around them that worked in fashion , " said Susan Portnoy , vice president of media relations at Condé Nast . Condé Nast is the parent company of heavy-hitting fashion publications like Women 's Wear Daily , Vogue and GQ . "  We feel that Fashion 's Night Out helped to jump-start that thinking then , and each year it serves as a reminder , " she said . Vogue , the Council of Fashion Designers of America , NYC & Company  New York City 's official tourism organization  and the City of New York decided to team up to "  restore consumer confidence " and "  boost the industry 's economy during the recession " with a one-night celebration of style , but more importantly , commerce . They brought in celebrity meet-and-greets , DJs , free drinks , swag bags and limited-edition , Fashion 's - Night-Out branded merchandise . Forty percent of the proceeds from branded products benefit the New York City AIDS Fund in the NY Community Trust . Since 2009 , Fashion 's Night Out has expanded to 19 countries and more than 500 cities in the U.S. "  In addition to the retailers , this event gives a boost to hotels and restaurants , public transportation and dozens of other industries . In the end , we feel local economies on many different levels benefit , " said Portnoy . Yuriko Ogura , 22 , is visiting from Osaka , Japan , for the event as well as Fashion Week . Ogura , standing out in Rockefeller Center with a bright yellow blazer and black cloche hat , said the event 's appeal lies in its accessibility : It 's an opportunity for the general public to connect with the seemingly intimidating fashion community on a more personal level . As Katerina Kriticos , a 24-year-old recent graduate from the Fashion Institute of Technology , strolls into the Ted Baker store on Fifth Avenue , she 's clearly in her element . The shop is modeled after a London townhouse in the 1920s , and merry women dressed in black and white maid costumes flit about the crowd waiting to enter the store . Spring 2013 Fashion Week : Behind-the-scenes Instagrams Kriticos , who lives in New Jersey and is an aspiring accessories designer , met her best friend in New York City for the extravaganza . "  It 's not only about the inspiration from all around and being in stores and seeing the new line and getting excited for Fashion Week , it 's everyone coming together for a good cause , " she said . Just outside on Fifth Avenue , friends Jason Campbell , 25 , Jamel Pearson , 23 , and Darnell Barclift , 22 , came together to take advantage of the limited time offers , but to also visit friends who work in the retail shops that line the way . "  We always see a little boost in sales due to the increased foot traffic that results from the excitement of the evening , " said Fiona Zeman , who handles public relations and marketing for Ted Baker . "  It is a wonderful opportunity to welcome in potential new clients and delight them with our unique store environments . " "  It 's something fun and exciting to look forward to and everyone is invited . It galvanizes the community around a common love of shopping and fashion in unexpected and creative ways , " said Portnoy . "  It also provides an excuse to broaden a shopper 's horizons by exploring new stores and learning about new designers , plus it 's a great excuse to gather with friends and enjoy an evening out on the town . " Further downtown , the air is clouded with cigarette smoke while crowd control barriers line the street to help herd the fashionistas . At designer Nicole Miller 's SoHo boutique , assistant manager Fantcha Mendes bops along to the DJ with an enormous smile because , to her , Fashion 's Night Out "  encourages people to feel good about themselves . " Wear what you want , own it , and in the words of Madonna , express yourself . Despite all the distractions , she 's also smiling because Fashion 's Night Out , at least for her boutique , achieved its original goal . "  We 're having an amazing day so far , " she said with a grin , glancing at the register . The looks debuting at Fashion Week	Fashion 's Night Out was created four years ago to help the struggling clothing industry Fans connect with the fashion community on a more personal level at the event Some proceeds benefit the New York City AIDS Fund in the NY Community Trust
CNN  -- Two months after a controversial facial recognition technology program was launched in Ohio without public notice , state Attorney General Mike DeWine conceded Monday he should have let Ohioans know that their images from driver 's licenses were being used by law enforcement in criminal investigations . "  If I had to do it over again , would we have announced it when we did it ? Yeah , we would have . And I 'll take responsibility for that , " DeWine said at a news conference . Although DeWine said he should have gone public with the program sooner , he gave no indication that the state would change or stop using the program . He did announce that an advisory board will be created to review the system 's usage and to suggest policy changes to avoid misuse of the program . The program allows police to quickly compare a photograph of a suspect or crime victim to an electronic pool of mug shots and driver 's license photos in the Ohio database . Comparisons are made of facial measurements from one image to the next in search of a match . Similar programs are already being used in dozens of other states , according to a statement from DeWine . Ohio law enforcement agencies began using the facial recognition technology in June , the attorney general 's statement said . DeWine 's concession that he should have let the public know about the program sooner was immediately met with criticism . "  The time for press conferences and advisory boards was months ago , " Gary Daniels , associate director of the ACLU of Ohio , said in a statement . "  This system needs to be shut down until there are meaningful , documented rules in place to keep this information secure , protect the privacy of innocent people , and prevent government abuse of this new tool . " The facial recognition technology was developed in 2010 and has been used 2,677 times by Ohio law enforcement since its unofficial release in June , according to DeWine 's statement . There was no indication how many of those uses had solved cases . "  When a wanted offender is identified quickly , it can prevent additional crimes and even save lives , and that is what this new technology aims to do , " DeWine said . In addition to easily identifying suspects , the technology assists law enforcement officials in identifying homicide victims , missing persons who suffer from Alzheimer 's , dementia or amnesia , and human trafficking victims , he added . But the ACLU 's Daniels argued , "  Without specific limits on what government can do with this technology , its use will inevitably and eventually spread to Ohioans who are not criminal suspects . " Misuse of the facial recognition technology is a felony offense , according to the Attorney General 's statement .	The program uses a database of photos from drivers ' licenses and mug shots The unannounced program has been used in Ohio 2,677 times since it began in June Ohio 's AG says he should have let people know their license photos were in the database An ACLU official says the program should be shut down
CNN  -- The death toll from the devastating tornado that ripped through Joplin , Missouri , last month has risen to 155 , a city spokeswoman said Monday . The previous death toll , reported on Friday , was 154 . The most recent death was Edmon A. Cooper , Joplin city spokeswoman Lynn Onstot said . Cooper died from injuries sustained during the May 22 tornado , Onstot said . No other details were immediately available . The Joplin tornado was the deadliest single U.S. twister in more than 60 years , according to National Weather Service records . It left a 13-mile-long trail of destruction through the southwest Missouri city , stripping the bark from trees and smashing homes into unrecognizable rubble .	The previous death toll , reported on Friday , was 154 The Joplin tornado was the deadliest single U.S. twister in more than 60 years
Washington  CNN  -- Bring back the ban on assault weapons , or tighten enforcement of existing gun control laws and regulations ? Those were two options for strengthening gun control offered Sunday by Democrats in the wake of the Tucson , Arizona , shootings last week that killed six people and wounded 13 , including Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . The limited range of ideas showed the power of the pro-gun lobby in Washington , with Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York acknowledging that passing any gun control legislation was "  hard . " "  Let 's be honest here -- there have n't been the votes in the Congress for gun control , " Schumer told the NBC program "  Meet the Press . " While outgoing Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania called for restoring the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , Schumer instead proposed "  looking for things where we can maybe find some common ground and get something done . " Republicans stuck to their traditional pro-gun stance , arguing that the Tucson incident involved a mentally unstable assailant rather than a symptom of lax gun control laws . "  If you have somebody that is a criminal , that wants to get around the law , they 're going to get around the law , " Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said on the NBC program . "  The problem with gun laws is they limit the ability to defend yourself , one . But number two , is that people who are going to commit a crime or going to do something crazy are n't going to pay attention to the laws in the first place . " Possible steps outlined by Schumer and other Democrats included limiting to 10 the number of rounds for ammunition magazines in semi-automatic weapons like the one used in the Tucson shootings , which had magazines holding more than 30 rounds . The 10-round limit was part of the assault weapons ban , which was passed in 1994 under Democratic President Bill Clinton and allowed to expire 10 years later under Republican President George W. Bush . Schumer also called for stronger steps to prevent mentally ill people from purchasing guns , and ensuring that the military notifies the FBI when it rejects candidates based on excessive drug use . He said Tucson shooting suspect Jared Loughner was rejected for military service because of excessive drug use . "  By law that 's on the books , he should not have been allowed to buy a gun , but the law does n't require the military to notify the FBI about that , " Schumer said . "  In this case , they did n't . " Schumer defended both the constitutional right to bear arms , as well as the power of Congress to put some limits on weapon ownership and use . "  There is a right to bear arms . It 's in the Constitution . And you ca n't ignore it , just like you ca n't ignore the others , " Schumer said . "  But like all the other rights , it 's not absolute . " Citing the success of previous gun control efforts , Schumer said that "  smart , rational gun control laws that protect the right to bear arms , but have reasonable limits are the way to go . " Coburn , however , said approaching the Tucson shootings as a gun control issue would miss the central problem -- the failure to properly intervene in a case of obvious mental instability . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , a possible Republican presidential contender in 2012 , made the same point on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  It would seem to me that you 'd address this with the most relevant problem first , " Giuliani said . "  The most relevant problem was the lack of an ability to deal with what was apparently paranoid schizophrenia that should have been treated . " He also said political civility must return so that a legitimate debate on gun control could ensue , free of the hyper-partisanship emblematic of Washington . "  I think we could take a look at gun laws and see what can be done that does n't affect the constitutional rights that people have to have guns , the right they have to protect themselves , " Giuliani said . "  I mean , there are people that would argue that , if more people had guns , this may not have happened because somebody might have been able to take action immediately and stop him before he inflicted either damage or as much damage as he did . " On the same program , Rendell also said the issue required a thorough and reasoned debate free from excessive politicking . "  We need a rational discussion on guns where we put aside the pressure from interest groups and we take a look and say , does any citizen protecting themselves or their home or using a handgun to hunt , do they need a clip that has 33 bullets in it ? " Rendell said , adding that in his mind , the answer was no . "  I think the nation 's spirits would be lifted if the Congress acted quickly with the president and reinstated the assault weapons ban , which also had the ban on these large magazines , these clips that carried 30-plus bullets , " Rendell added .	Stiff resistance to gun control remains despite the 6 killed and 13 wounded Democratic Sen. Schumer : "  There have n't been the votes in Congress " Republicans cite failure to detect mental illness , not lax gun laws
CNN  -- Workers in Thailand are racing against time Thursday to shore-up protective floodwalls in Bangkok with sandbags and mud to stop the country 's devastating floods from engulfing parts of the capital . So far , 281 people have been killed and two people are missing in Thailand , according to the government website Thaiflood.com . Some 61 of the country 's 76 provinces have so far been affected , impacting more than eight million people . More than 500,000 square kilometers -- an area the size of Spain -- are affected by the floods in Thailand , Cambodia , Vietnam and Laos , according to CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . Asia 's wet and wild summer explained Following significant floods in Thailand 's northern and central plains , Bangkok is now being hit , where officials and citizens are scurrying to beef up prevention measures as waterways , including the main Chao Phraya River , become bloated by rising water . "  Between seven and eight billion cubic meters of water a day is being released from the Bhumibol dam in the north of the country , which is heavily affecting provinces like Nahkon Sawan and Ayutthaya , " government official Wim Rungwattanajinda tells CNN . "  From that , about one to 1.2 billion cubic meters of water is reaching Bangkok every day . " Wim believes that inner city Bangkok will not flood and is confident the defenses that have been built will hold , though he 's worried about a low weather depression that 's expected to arrive in the next couple of days . "  It 's a race against time , as Bangkok is only two meters above sea level , " reports CNN 's Paula Hancocks . "  Of particular concern is that the waters that are coming down from the north may merge with predicted high tides from the south , expected from Thursday onwards . " Thailand flood warnings : Crocodiles , snakes and centipedes Hancocks also reports that the country 's economy may be badly affected from the floods . Manufacturing areas just north of Bangkok have been particularly hard hit hard , including a Honda factory that has been submerged ruining hundreds of cars . The giant Rojana Industrial Park has also halted operations for the time being , director Amara Charoengitwattanagun told state-run news agency MCOT , and the facility may be further damaged if the flooding worsens . One plant in the park , Single Point Parts , evacuated all workers from the premises and built flood prevention embankments around its building . "  The Thai finance ministry says overall damage from the floods could be more than $ 2 billion , with the worst yet still possibly to come , " Hancocks says . Meanwhile , the UNESCO-listed Ayutthaya historical park , where the ruins of the old city of Ayutthaya are located , has been submerged since last week , according to local authorities . iReporter shares photos of Ayutthaya flooding "  This is the worst flood in our historical site in 16 years , " said Somsuda Leeyawanich , from the Thai Fine Arts Department . She said the water level in the park is almost three meters , compared to levels of around 80-90 centimeters during the floods of 1995 . "  We are very concerned that if the site is under water for more than 30 days it may cause serious damage , " she added . "  The temples are over 400 years old . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	Devastating Thai floods have killed 281 people ; two people are missing An area the size of Spain is affected by the floods in Southeast Asia Official : About one to 1.2 billion cubic meters of water reaching Bangkok daily
