CNN  -- As millions of Iranians cast their ballots Friday in the Islamic Republic of Iran , Iranian-Americans in the U.S. are also turning out in record numbers to vote . Iranian-Americans say they are excited about the election being held in Iran on Friday . "  I am passionate about voting because of my bloodline , " said 26-year-old Los Angeles , CA resident Shahdad Kelishadi . "  Even though I am not in Iran , my heart never left Iran , and it is my duty to help Iranians in any way possible if it will bring positive results to the country , " added Kelishadi . From New York to California , there are 41 designated voting locations in cities across the country where Iranians citizens can cast their absentee ballots and participate in this democratic process . In order to vote , Iranian citizens living in the United States or those who are dual citizens must be over the age of 18 and present a valid Iranian passport . Many young people both in and outside of Iran 's borders have played an instrumental role in mobilizing masses of Iranians , encouraging them to get involved in the dialogue around Friday 's presidential election . "  For most of us , part of our identity is back in Iran . We want to know that we 've done something to make a difference , " said Kiana Karimi , an industrial design student at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco , California . And making a difference they are . In addition to using their savvy technical skills to fuel their political enthusiasm on sites such as Facebook , Twitter and YouTube , young Iranian-Americans are also taking a grassroots approach to reach members of their local Iranian communities . "  E-mails , phone calls , word of mouth . We are contacting people who want to help Iran to come out and vote on Friday , " said Kelishadi , who is also the publisher of the Middle Eastern magazine "  Coexistence . " Born in Los Angeles , California , Shahdad -- like many other Iranian-Americans who grew up in America -- hopes that with a new president , the international world will begin to look at Iran and Iranians in a more positive light . "  I am passionate to get the word out , " said Ehsan Zahedani , a 27-year-old UCLA student and president of the organization Iranian Future Leaders . "  It 's time to take action and participate actively in the government that makes decisions that affect my life and my image in the world , " added Zahedani . Events in Iran leading up to the 1979 Islamic Revolution left a professional , personal and political scar on many Iranian-Americans . Three decades later , they are still at a cultural crossroad . While these Iranian-American youth want to express their national pride and hold on to their ancestral heritage , they also seek to redefine their social image apart from the rhetoric of the Islamic Republic of Iran . "  In the 1970s you had a lot of political activism against the shah , by the students who were here in the U.S. . But then after the hostage crisis , the Iranian-American community took an extremely low profile as tensions between the United States and Iran increased , " said Dr. Trita Parsi , president of the North American Iranian Council . "  It was n't terribly uncommon that people changed their names to John and Mo and remained extremely low key about their Iranian background , " said Parsi . Though Iranian-Americans have historically excelled in business , academia and the sciences , they have traditionally shied away from participating in American politics or other civic activities . In 1997 , reformist Mohammed Khatami came into power in Iran . He presented a completely different image of Iran , which gave the Iranian-American community hope that perhaps some change was possible . When the Iranian-American community came under scrutiny after the 9/11 terrorist attacks , despite having no ties to the tragedy , many realized that the strategy of keeping a low political profile was backfiring . Since then , there has been a gradually increasing pace of political participation , said Parsi . According to the 2000 Census and other independent surveys , there are an estimated 1 million Iranian-Americans living in the U.S. , with the largest concentration -- about 72,000 people -- being in Los Angeles . Other large communities include New York ; New Jersey ; Washington , D.C. ; Seattle , Washington ; and Houston , Texas . "  What we are witnessing is a sea change in Iranian political culture and political discourse that can not be ignored if -LSB- incumbent Iranian President Mahmoud -RSB- Ahmadinejad comes to power , nor should it be too expecting of massive changes if -LSB- challenger Mir Hossein -RSB- Moussavi comes into power , " said Dr. Hamid Dabashi , professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York City . Every four years the Iranian electorate ups the ante , Dabashi said . Should Ahmadinejad be re-elected , he can not ignore this massive outpouring , defiance , and condemnation of his policies , added Dabashi . Watch how high turnout could affect the election " Still , many Iranians living in America remain hopeful that Iranian-American relations can improve under the Obama administration , seeing Friday 's election as an opportunity for progress . "  There has been a change in tone by the American government and I think the Iranian government acknowledges this change . I do believe that with President Obama in office , great change could take place in bettering relations , " said Pouneh Behin , a prospective voter and a recent graduate of UCLA . But not all Iranian-Americans hold the same sentiments . "  I fully respect anyone who wants to vote , but I do n't believe in this election , so I am not going to vote , " said Dr. Ali Nayeri , professor of theoretical physics at the University of California at Irvine . Nayeri identifies himself as a national secularist . His neutral stance should not be mistaken for indifference , he said . But he adds that none of the four candidates -- Ahmadinejad , Moussavi , Mohsen Rezaie or Mehdi Karrubi -- are in a position to make the appropriate transition that Iran needs in moving into the future . "  When it comes to addressing issues such as Iran 's nuclear program or Iranian-American relations , I do not expect to see any drastic changes since the majority of the power in the Islamic Republic of Iran rests in the hands of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , " said Nayeri . As dictated by the Iranian constitution , at any given time the elected president holds roughly 20 percent to 25 percent of the political power , added Nayeri . iReport.com : Moussavi supporters fill Tehran streets Yet other Iranian-Americans voters say that despite the potential political changes they anticipate seeing in the next four years , the memories of the Iran they grew up in might only remain a dream in their mind 's eye . "  The Iranian culture that I remember may not exist there anymore , " said Dr. Mitra Sioshansi , a retired Chrysler engineer who has hopes of one day visiting Iran after leaving 28 years ago . But Sioshansi , like many other Iranian women , is optimistic that the increasing involvement of women in Iranian politics will be instrumental in initiating a change both internally and abroad . Watch how women could influence Iran voting " Whether they decide to vote or not , Iranian-Americans will be anxiously waiting to see where the fate of their country lies after Friday 's elections . "  Whatever political position we may have , be it for the Islamic Republic , Moussavi or Ahmadinejad , we have to recognize the extraordinary grassroots origin of this democratic movement , " said Dabashi . "  We should celebrate it and be happy to have come from a country that is capable of this incessant march toward democratic ideals , " he added .	Thousands of Iranian-Americans in the U.S. cast their absentee ballots Iranian-American youth use social networking sites to spur voting There are an estimated 1 million Iranian-Americans living in the U.S. Iranian-Americans anxiously wait to see direction their homeland will take
CNN  -- UK lawmakers have voted in the House of Commons to recognize Palestine as a state "  as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution . " The motion was backed overwhelmingly Monday by 274 votes to 12 . However , fewer than half of the 650 MPs in the House of Commons took part in the debate . The motion passed was , "  That this House believes that the Government should recognise the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel , as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution . The measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government . However , it lends added weight within Europe to calls for Palestinian statehood . Ten days earlier , the new government in Sweden said it would recognize a Palestinian state . "  A two-state solution requires mutual recognition and a will to coexist peacefully . Therefore , Sweden will recognise the State of Palestine , " said Prime Minister Stefan Lofven in his first statement of government policy . ` Not a gift , but a right ' The UK vote came after five hours of debate in the House . Former Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind , of the Conservative Party , told MPs that during his time in office in the 1990s , the United Kingdom committed "  for the first time to a two-state solution with a Palestinian state . " "  I have never wavered in that view and I believe that the earlier that state comes about the better , both for the Palestinians and for the Middle East as a whole , " he said . Shadow foreign minister Ian Lucas , of the opposition Labour Party , said the motion would be supported by his party but that the timing and manner of deciding whether to recognize Palestinian statehood was a matter for the current coalition government . "  It will be decided by Labour in government if the decision has not been made by this government before Labour comes to power , " he said . The next general election will be held in May next year . "  We fully support two states living side by side in peace , recognized by all their neighbors . We are clear that Palestinian statehood is not a gift to be given , but a right to be recognized , " he said . U.N. vote The UK government 's official goal "  is a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , resulting in a secure and universally recognised Israel living alongside a sovereign and viable Palestinian state , based on the borders of 1967 , with Jerusalem the future capital of both states , and a just , fair and agreed solution for refugees . " In 2012 , the United Nations General Assembly voted to grant the status of "  non-member observer state , " similar to the Vatican , giving Palestinians a certain implicit degree of statehood recognition . However , a Palestinian bid in 2011 for recognition as a full member of the United Nations failed . It became apparent that the bid was not going to receive the requisite nine of 15 Security Council votes , and the United States promised to veto it if it came to a vote . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	UK lawmakers vote to recognize Palestine as a state after a debate in Parliament The measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government Motion says this would be "  as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution " It came 10 days after the new Swedish government said it would recognize Palestine
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Hong Kong government minister on Tuesday joined a growing chorus of people questioning the circumstances of the death last week of a prominent Chinese dissident who was found hanged in his hospital room . Dr. York Chow , the Hong Kong secretary for food and health , said in an interview with CNN affiliate i-CABLE News that the weak physical condition of Li Wangyang , a blind and deaf labor rights activist , made it hard to believe the hospital authorities ' claim that he had committed suicide . Chow also cited an interview that Li gave to i-CABLE a few weeks before his death in which he expressed his commitment to promoting democracy in China . "  It seems that his character and personality are not of a person who is suicidal and are not of a person who would not have left a suicide note , " Chow said . He urged other officials to convey the feelings of Hong Kong citizens about Li 's death to the Chinese government in Beijing . Chow has said he will finish his term as health secretary in Hong Kong when the territory 's new Beijing-backed chief executive , Leung Chun-ying , takes over next month . Friends of Li have criticized official claims that he hanged himself at the hospital Shaoyang , Hunan Province , as "  insulting " and "  ridiculous . " They insist he was too weak to hang himself and was committed to continuing his activism . One friend , Huang Lihong , said last week that he had visited Li Wangyang at Daxiang District Hospital in Shaoyang a few days before his death on June 6 and found him in "  good spirits . " Li was blind , deaf and had trouble walking after spending more than 20 years in prison following the crackdown by the Chinese authorities on protesters in Tiananmen Square in 1989 . He was one of China 's first labor rights activists and was jailed shortly after the June 4 massacre in Tiananmen for urging workers to strike , according to Human Rights in China  HRIC  , a nongovernmental organization . After spending 11 years in jail , Li was released in 2000 only to be imprisoned again in 2001 for doggedly petitioning Shaoyang authorities to pay his medical expenses for injuries suffered through torture in prison . They refused and he was sentenced to a further 10 years for "  incitement to subvert state power , " according to HRIC . He was released last year but his family said he had been under 24-hour police surveillance in hospital . Li 's brother-in-law Zhao Baozhu told HRIC that hospital staff phoned him and his wife , Li 's sister Li Wangling , just after 6 a.m. on June 6 to tell them that Li had committed suicide . Zhao said they rushed to the hospital and found Li 's body "  hanging by the window . " He noted that Li 's feet were still on the ground . "  I 've never witnessed a suicide like this , "  said Mi Ling Tsui , communications director at HRIC . "  It raises questions . How do you hang yourself with your feet on the ground ? " Despite the family 's claims that they were n't allowed to take photos of Li 's body , three images of him said to have been taken after his death have been published on Boxun , a U.S.-based Chinese-language news website . Two photos show Li standing by a window with a knotted sheet around his neck , apparently tied to bars on a window above . A third photo shows Li 's feet firmly on the ground , still wearing slippers . CNN tried repeatedly to contact Daxiang District Hospital where Li died but no one answered the phone . An official who answered the phone at the publicity office of Shaoyang Public Security Station said he had n't heard of Li 's case and advised calling another number . Attempts to contact other government offices were also unsuccessful . It 's not known how long Li had been in hospital before his death . HRIC said only that he was being treated for his "  deteriorating health . " Zhao told HRIC that the authorities started monitoring Li on May 22 . In the hours after Li 's death , a petition appeared online urging his "  suicide " to be investigated by authorities outside Shaoyang province and for the findings to be made public . It was started by Hong Kong-based journalist Bei Feng , Chinese economist Xia Yeliang and literary scholar Wu Renhua . Thousands of people have added their names to the petition , including many who listed their locations China . A memorial service for Li will be held Wednesday evening in central Hong Kong to mark the seventh day after his death . It will include a silent tribute as well as a pro-democracy song . Protesters demanding an investigation into his death already carried out a demonstration in the city on Sunday . CNN 's Licia Yee , Anjali Tsui , Hilary Whiteman and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Li Wangyang , a labor rights activist , was found hanged in his hospital room Protesters in Hong Kong have called for an investigation Friends say the official claim that he hanged himself is "  ridiculous "
CNN  -- Delta Air Lines tweeted what was supposed to be a celebratory message after team USA defeated Ghana in Monday 's World Cup match . It turned into a bit of a fiasco when Twitter users had to inform the company that , while Ghana has abundant wildlife , including lions , it does n't have wild giraffes . The mistake gave the impression the airline did not do its homework about the country . .	Airline 's tweet indicated that it thought giraffes are native to Ghana ; they are not Delta deleted the tweet , but Twitter users have fun at airline 's expense
CNN  -- In Juanga , India , a village of less than 3,000 inhabitants , the adults typically work as farmers on small plots of land earning less than $ 2 a day . They live in extended families in two or three roomed bamboo thatched mud huts , surviving on rice and dahl . Unable to see the value of education , the parents typically take their children out of school before they turn 16 to earn money . Women frequently deny themselves trips to health clinics and they lack knowledge of basic preventative healthcare measures . They also lack basics such as drinking water , electricity , food , healthcare and infrastructure , but cell phone towers are often ubiquitous . One American non-profit organization is using this proliferation of phone masts to bring empowering mobile technology to these destitute villagers . mPowering , headquartered in San Francisco , has joined forces with Citta , a charity working in Orissa , one of the poorest states in India , which has a population of 37 million , roughly the same size as California . According to UNICEF , Orissa has the most people living below the poverty line of any state in India and one of the highest infant and maternal mortality rates of all the states in India . Many people are from illiterate tribal communities and the region is also frequently hit by droughts , floods and cyclones . Nearly half the children leave school at 14 years and are not vaccinated against common childhood diseases . Read related : Phone journalism gives a voice to India 's rural poor mPowering is exploiting the large number of cell towers , low cost of WiFi and GSM connectivity , falling rates of mobile subscriptions and of phones in India to bring generations out of poverty . Read related : Rise of ` nomophobia ' : More people fear loss of mobile contact Citta , a charity registered in the U.S. and UK , built a school in Juanga in 2001 and a hospital in 1996 . It also runs a women 's center which provides pre - and postnatal healthcare and gives seminars to mothers on nutrition and hygiene . The school began with 140 pupils and now has about 400 . The hospital , which has five doctors and 10 nurses , is currently the only hospital in the region , serving a community of approximately 100,000 people within a 15 mile  25km  radius . According to mPowering , 46 per cent of people in Juanga live below the poverty line and 41 per cent of children suffer from malnutrition . Read related : In India , more cell phones than toilets mPowering started working with Citta in 2010 , handing 56 families in Juanga a smartphone loaded with culturally customized mobile apps and location analytics  similar to Foursquare  built around the concept of rewards and incentives . Despite some of the villagers having never used a phone , they quickly learned how it worked . Sharing one smartphone per family , the children earn points for attending school and mothers for attending preventative healthcare classes . The families then pool the points and redeem them for food , clothing and medicine each month . Local Indians scan the barcodes on their smartphones when they attend the classes . mPowering has provided phone chargers at schools since many families do not have electricity . Jeff Martin , who founded the non-profit , spent ten years as a senior executive at Apple , six of which he was head of music , entertainment , and marketing , reporting directly to Steve Jobs . He is also the Founder and CEO of Tribal Brands and of Tribal Technologies and has used the technology from those companies at mPowering . He traveled to India extensively during his career at Apple , he says . "  I chose Orissa because it is where the poorest of the poor live . The best way to improve lives in rural areas and change centuries ' old traditions is using mobile technology and rewarding people , " he said . His next plan is to track the art work of the children . "  Through the art work we will be able to see if they are becoming more optimistic , " he said . "  Fundamentally we are showing connections . We always knew that if kids ate well their grades would improve . " But now he is able to prove it . Donors will be able to see realtime the impact of their donations -- pictures of the children 's art work or their grades could be sent to the donors ' mobiles for example . Read related : How mobile broadband can transform Africa A future plan is to give points to mothers when they take their children to health clinics which can be redeemed for medicines . He also aims to give out Lifestraws  portable water filters  to villagers if they watch videos installed on their smartphones about contamination of water , since most water supplies are polluted by the villagers . "  We want more charities to use us , " Martin said . "  Charities do n't currently have a way to measure their own results . But we believe in measurement . No one makes money in Silicon Valley without measurement . I have got various funders behind me and a lot of them feel like I do , that charities need to be measured and mobile analytics is the answer . "  I am not a big believer in micro loans as they create a pressure to pay back a loan . Many people do n't want to give money to charities if they do n't know how it is being spent . We can actually prove we are changing behaviors . " "  Tribal does the same thing but commercially -- such as changing the way people buy music on their mobile phones and giving them rewards , " he said . The project has had a measurable impact , mPowering says . The number of reported diseases in the village has reduced from 119 last year down to 52 . There were 125 clinic visits this year compared to 98 last year , according to their figures . Seventy-one per cent of children attend school , compared to 52 per cent last year . "  This year every student in the middle school passed the state level exams we were very excited to say the least , " said Michael Daube , founder and executive director of Citta . "  We have monitored the progress from the start of the project and find almost a 25 per cent increase in enrolment because of the mPowering initiative , " Daube said . "  mPowering 's mission is the perfect extension to increase more efficient support to any poverty-stricken region , " he added .	In parts of India , people lack basics such as food and water but cell phone towers are often everywhere Parents typically take their children out of school before they turn 16 to earn money One American non-profit organization is exploiting mobile technology to empower destitute villagers
Washington  CNN  -- Starting his sixth year in office , President Barack Obama promised to use the power of the pen to push his legislative agenda . Translation : executive orders , the tool used by every president except for one -- William Henry Harrison , who died on his 32nd day in office . As for Obama , he said , "  Let 's make this a year of action " during his most recent State of the Union speech , referring to his willingness to employ his presidential pen to move forward on priorities stalled in Congress . His opponents on the right have criticized him for unconstitutionally expanding executive authority . Putting him in a politically tricky spot , his political allies are jumping on the executive order train and calling on the President to use it for their policy priorities . Nearly 250 members of the House and Senate sent a letter to the President on Tuesday asking that he sign an executive action that would prohibit federal contractors from employment discrimination based on sexual orientation . Rep. Frank Pallone , D-New Jersey , said he had been pushing the White House on the issue "  for several years now " but essentially got the cold shoulder . Pallone said he was told by the Obama administration that the issue was being examined . With no final answer given , Pallone and more than 200 of his colleagues decided the executive order route was a viable one . "  He was speaking about wanting to move on a progressive agenda , " Pallone said . "  Those of us who have these various priorities are asking him to make those priorities part of that agenda . " The President 's use of the tool , which he has employed at least 168 times during his tenure , has been used for both menial and meaningful measures . He has used it to change the name of the National Security Staff to the National Security Council Staff . He also imposed sanctions against Russian officials over the dispute in Ukraine . Political risks of acting unilaterally In most cases , the President determines which issues to pursue via executive authority . By asking him to act unilaterally potentially puts Obama in a difficult spot . Outside of potential legal debate , there are political risks . Ohio State University Law School professor Peter Shane said , "  He can claim to do things on his own , but if he does n't , he looks weak or out of touch with his base . " This is at least the second time that allies are pressuring Obama to use his executive authority to further a policy agenda . As the prospects of comprehensive immigration reform continue to dim , some Democrats have asked the President to use his executive authority to halt deportations of immigrants illegally in the country . Obama has deported more people than any previous presidents , angering Latinos -- a key Democratic voting bloc -- who say Obama 's deportation policy is extreme as it creates fear and heartache . For months , the President said he did not have the authority to halt deportations . But after continued pressure that included Hispanic leaders calling him the "  deporter-in-chief , " the President announced last week that he called for a review of deportation policies . Dems to Obama : Suspend deportations While Shane said Obama is not acting any differently than previous administration , he said "  the President has done himself a bit of a disservice by saying he 's going alone . " Opening Pandora 's box He 's put the idea out there and opened the Pandora 's box . Additionally , executive directives can be undone as easily as they are done , leaving the next president the ability to undue any one of them . And Shane said they sometimes leave Congress off the hook from having to act . But Pallone said that the LGBT discrimination executive order would provide incentive for Congress to pass broader legislation , the Employment Nondsicrimination Act , prohibiting any discrimination based on sexual orientation . The White House has n't said if it would move forward with Pallone 's idea of an executive order , but in Wednesday 's daily briefing , White House spokesman Jay Carney said ENDA "  would provide those protections broadly in a way that an -LSB- executive order -RSB- would not . " "  I think it 's a step towards ENDA , " Pallone said , comparing it with the President 's recent executive order to raise the minimum wage for federal contractors . He signed the executive order while Congress works to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 . But Republicans are sure to balk . Republican strategist John Feehery cautioned the President , saying executive actions will make him look weak and ineffective . "  The more he goes on down this road , the less ability he has to get anything done in Congress , " Feehery said . But that was n't Pallone 's concern . "  The President has said this is a ` year of action , ' we can do this for federal contractors . "	President Obama has pledged to use executive orders to further his agenda Nearly 250 lawmakers ask Obama for LGBT employment discrimination executive order Pressure on executive orders could complicate the President 's agenda with Congress
CNN  There were a number of grim surprises from the recent terrorist attacks in Paris , including their brutality , the inability of French intelligence to track known jihadis , and now of course the puzzling , indeed incomprehensible , fact that the Obama administration failed to send a high level representative to yesterday 's national anti-terror rally in Paris . Secretary of State John Kerry will visit Paris later this week , but that the administration could have been so tone deaf in missing a this weekend 's chance to highlight its concerns over an issue critical to Europe and America 's own security -- is a stunning oversight . It suggests an inability to see the Paris attacks in their proper perspective -- although doing so is admittedly no easy matter only days afterward . As Washington and others process those events , there are takeaways that should guide their thinking in the period ahead . They include : Do n't panic The jihadis are n't taking over the world . After 9/11 , many had an overriding sense that more successful attacks would follow . They did n't . In fact both in Europe and the U.S. , it 's stunning how few successful attacks directed by foreign terrorist organizations there have been  not one since 2005 in Europe ; and not one since 9/11 in the U.S. Last year , there were 17,958 global fatalities to terror , according to the University of Maryland 's Global Terrorism Database . Among them , there were 16 Americans . Almost 82 % of the terrorist attacks happened in only five countries : Pakistan , Iraq , Syria , Yemen and Afghanistan . But do n't trivialize Terrorism emerging from the Arab and Muslim world , along with weapons of mass destruction , may well be to the 21st century what the cold war was to last century : the international community 's defining national security challenge . Just look what else occurred over the past week or so : 2,000 people were killed by Boko Haram 's savagery . There 's no winning the battle against jihadi terror or "  ultimately defeating " it . A perfect storm of jihadi fantasies driven by hatred and triumphalism , and growing Shia-Sunni divisions , have combined with a dysfunctional Arab world that offers up either no governance or bad governance . And this will continue to produce alienation , radicalization and violence . The war on jihadi terrorism really is a war ; but of a generational character . It will be with us for years to come . We can contain , preempt and try to prevent it . But we can not hermetically seal our borders or eliminate our vulnerability without undermining and sacrificing our freedoms and way of life Do n't romanticize The outpouring of goodwill and solidarity that has followed the Paris attacks is an encouraging sign . And if it leads to greater international resolve , more effective security cooperation , smart counter-terrorism and an effort in France -- and in Europe -- to reduce discrimination against Muslims and promote greater acceptance of Jews , it will help contain the jihadi threat . But you do n't change a nation in a single traumatic act . 9/11 did n't do it ; Newtown did n't ; Ferguson did n't . And the Paris attacks wo n't either . Anti-Muslim and anti-immigration sentiment , along with the rise of the far right , has been developing for years . A new tolerance wo n't come easy . Ironically , the same democratic values and freedom of expression and movement that the West defends will be used by jihadis -- and the alienated Muslim communities on which they feed -- to sustain their radical effort . Do n't let Muslims and Arabs off the hook Arab governments , the Arab League , the head of Al-Azhar University in Cairo and various Muslim clerics have issued statements denouncing the Paris attacks , and various Arab and Muslim leaders attended yesterday 's national rally in Paris . All of this is important . But let 's be clear : For far too long a disturbing minority of Arabs and Muslims have hijacked a religion in the service of a radical jihad . And as they did this , too many other Muslims have been passive , silent , and acquiescent , failing to condemn them and thus allowing them latitude to operate . Arab governments have sometimes repressed jihadi ideology , but other times -- as in the case of Saudi Arabia , itself a victim of terror -- tried to accommodate it . Or both . Meanwhile anti-Semitic cartoons and tropes routinely circulate in the Arab and Muslim press . There is an ongoing struggle within Islam between Sunni and Shia , moderates and radicals , modernists and traditionalists that is far from being resolved . Islam 's reformation is nowhere near at hand . And until there is a clearer separation between religion and the state , better governance , respect for freedom of expression and freedom of conscience , and genuine tolerance and regard for minority rights , radicalism will flourish . No U.S. narrative or externally generated reform effort can delegitimize the jihadis ; only the Muslims themselves can do that . Do n't just externalize The failures of Arab and Muslim governments are to blame for jihadi terror . But there 's no doubt that Western policies and practices have made an already bad situation worse . It is the cruelest of ironies that the U.S. -- the victim of mass terror on 9/11 -- helped enable the jihadis further with its ill-considered and unwise invasion of Iraq . One result was the creation of Al-Qaeda in Iraq . Anger toward the West runs deep in this broken and dysfunctional region . U.S. relationships with allies , such as Saudi Arabia and Israel , feed the jihadi narrative , as do effective counterterrorism methods such as drone strikes that that kill innocents and often and alienate the mainstream Muslims as well . America is in a no-win situation . Whatever else we try to achieve in this broken , angry , and dysfunctional region , our overriding goal must be to prevent attacks on the U.S. and help our allies do the same . What happened in Paris is a tragic reminder of how challenging this will be .	Aaron David Miller : Obama 's absence from Paris was tone deaf He says one lesson of attack : Do n't let Arab , Muslim nations tolerant of jihad off the hook Miller : Anger of some in Muslim world at West ca n't be trivialized . It 's challenge of our time
CNN  -- Fifty years ago Uganda was the "  Pearl of Africa , " a newly independent republic with a thriving economy , a functioning democracy and splendid national parks . It was the place to take a safari holiday -- floating down the crocodile-flanked Nile , fishing on Lake Victoria , wandering among the elephant herds of Queen Elizabeth National Park or listening to the roar of mighty Murchison Falls . With films like "  African Queen " shot on location there , Uganda was also a Hollywood darling . Then all hell broke loose . Four decades of violence , political turmoil and economic collapse that started with the bloodthirsty reign of Idi Amin  the self-proclaimed President for Life , Conqueror of the British Empire and Last King of Scotland  and ended with the religious psychopath Joseph Kony and his Lord 's Resistance Army . And it was n't just the people who suffered : Uganda 's animal populations declined precipitously during the troubles as the various ragtag guerrilla groups feasted on wild game . Yet Uganda is bouncing back . Having banished the last of the warlords and kick started its economy , the country is drawing tourists again , a rising star in the safari world . It 's a trickle at present -- the high-end travelers and backpackers who are always the early adopters -- and there are very real concerns about the country 's recently imposed anti-gay laws , which threaten life imprisonment for "  violators . " But safari operators say they 're already gearing up for more visitors in years to come . According to the tourist board , almost 1.2 million tourists came to Uganda last year -LSB- 2013 -RSB- , an increase of 50 % over five years . "  Uganda sadly underwent much turmoil and upheaval from the 1970s onwards , " says Roni Madhvani , director of the Madhvani Group , which includes Premier Safaris and several of the nation 's top wildlife lodges . Expelled from the country as a child during Idi Amin 's purge of Asian-Ugandans , Madhvani and his family had to rebuild their business from the ground up when they returned in the 1980s . "  We have had peace and stability for over a decade and the country has indeed emerged from this past void in terms of tourism to become an interesting and discerning destination . "  The offering compared to the neighboring countries is unique , individual and nebulous -- and that in itself is perhaps part of the explanation of the recent increasing interest . " Incredible variety What Uganda lacks in volume  it 's about the same size as Oregon or Cambodia  it more than makes up with variety , an incredible array of landscapes that range from the snowcapped Mountains of the Moon and the Bwindi Impenetrable Forest to the semi-desert northeast and water-spangled lake district . With more than 1.6 million people , Kampala is one of the fastest growing cities on the continent . Nearby Entebbe , set on a peninsula stretching into Lake Victoria , is about as laid back as it gets in Africa . Despite 40 years as a food source for rebel groups , Uganda 's wildlife has made a miraculous recovery . Queen Elizabeth National Park nurtures healthy populations of elephant , lion , hippo and other large mammals , and is a major stop on the migratory bird route up the Great Rift Valley . Home to 13 different primate species , Kibale National Park is one of the best places in Africa to see chimpanzees in the wild . Murchison Falls National Park is flush with hippo , crocodile and other animals that live in or near the water . The holy grail of Uganda wildlife watching is Bwindi Forest , where roughly half of the world 's mountain gorillas reside . Living up to its "  impenetrable " tag , the forest can only be accessed on foot , often up and over steep mountain ranges . "  Bwindi 's gorilla population is around 400 and growing , " says Dr Gladys Kalema-Zikusoka , founder of Conservation Through Public Health , which promotes the coexistence of gorillas , humans and other wildlife in Africa . "  This is thanks to increased protection , the elimination of almost all poaching and the fact that we have been able to show local communities how saving the gorillas is beneficial to local health and the local economy . " Get intimate with gorillas Premier Safaris and other outfitters have pioneered a number of "  up close and personal " animal encounters during which visitors can tag along on scientific field trips or accompany experts into the bush . Dr Gladys , for instance , leads a four-day "  intimate gorilla experience " that includes finding gorilla nests , collecting their dung and then analyzing that dung in a field laboratory . In Queen Elizabeth National Park , tourists can spend the day tracking lions with a researcher from the Uganda Carnivore Program , learning how telemetry works and venturing off road into parts of the park vehicles are normally verboten . Urban Uganda has its own attractions . Entebbe is renowned for its popular weekend beach clubs , like a little slice of the Caribbean on the shores of Lake Victoria . Kampala 's sights range from the recently rebuilt royal tombs to a humungous mosque built by Libyan strongman Moammer Gadhafi and the ghoulish torture chamber of Idi Amin on the grounds of Lubiri Palace . The capital is also known for its vibrant nightlife , which runs a gamut from down and dirty dance clubs to sophisticated jazz venues . Uganda has also become an adventure sports hub . Several outfitters offer whitewater rafting and kayaking trips down the Nile , past snoozing crocodiles and snorting hippos . Nile High Bungee in Jinja offers an adrenalin-packed plunge  44 meters  into the world 's longest river . You can also board surf down rapids , whoosh down rivers on jetboats and organize sports fishing trips to catch the river monster of central Africa -- Nile perch that can grow up to 200 kilograms . Investment opportunities Investment in Uganda has soared in recent years . Last year , the country rose into the ranks of the top 10 African nations for foreign direct investment . South Africa is one of the largest sources of new investment . Britain , France and China are other leading investors , and through its recent purchase of Protea Hotels , the US-based Marriott Corp now has prime hotel properties in Kampala and Entebbe . Travel infrastructure has also improved markedly . As late as 2006 , there were no international airlines serving Entebbe Airport , the nation 's aviation gateway . Now the lakeside terminal hosts 17 international carriers , including direct flights from Amsterdam on KLM , London on British Airways and Dubai on Emirates Air . Passenger traffic through Entebbe is increasing at an average of more than 10 % per annum . Uganda is n't quite back to being the "  Pearl of Africa " but it 's definitely headed in the right direction . "  Uganda lost a whole generation of tourism talent and workers during the civil wars , " says Stephen Asiimwe , who took over a CEO of Tourism Uganda earlier this year -LSB- 2014 -RSB- . "  That mayhem cost us everything in terms of human capital . But we are a resilient people . We have suffered and we are now back on our feet . " Asiimwe feels the public and private sectors need to join forces in developing skilled workers in the tourism sector . And he says that Uganda needs to think outside the box when it comes to creating new experiences and attractions . Among his ideas are island resorts and sailing regattas on Lake Victoria , encouraging domestic tourism so that Ugandans discover their own country , and promoting Kampala with its myriad music clubs as the nightlife capital of East Africa . There are also socio-political challenges to overcome . Foremost is a series of laws banning homosexual behavior . Rubber stamped by the Ugandan Parliament last December , the latest regulation calls for severe punishment  including life in prison  for violators . Virgin boss Richard Branson is among those who have called for a travel boycott of Uganda in the wake of the new legislation . And in June -LSB- 2014 -RSB- , the U.S. government announced limited sanctions against Uganda because of the law . The jury is still out on whether or not the anti-homosexuality laws are actively impacting LGBT rights in Uganda . "  It certainly has n't affected me , " says a Kampala businessman who lives with his gay partner . "  And I do n't think it 's had much impact on the gay community as a whole . " He still admits to anxiety about how the laws might be applied in future . "  But for now , that 's been my experience in Uganda . " Joe Yogerst is a freelance travel , business and entertainment writer based out of California . He traveled through Africa in 2013 .	After four decades of violence and political turmoil , Uganda is drawing tourists again Queen Elizabeth National Park nurtures healthy populations of elephant , lion , hippo and other large mammals Travel infrastructure and investment in Uganda have improved
CNN  -- "  Beasts of the Southern Wild " is a film of first-time triumphs : It 's writer/director Benh Zeitlin 's first feature , and the first acting roles for two of its stars , Quvenzhane Wallis and Dwight Henry . The movie follows Henry 's Wink , a father struggling with illness who tries to impart valuable survival skills to his daughter , Hushpuppy  Wallis  , as a storm disrupts their life in a sheltered community called the Bathtub on the Louisiana Gulf Coast . Henry 's performance is raw , unsettling and powerful and all the more remarkable for someone new to acting . Wallis , 8 , also turns in a phenomenal performance in her debut . Following a limited opening in New York and Los Angeles last month , "  Beasts " has received nearly universal critical acclaim , becoming one of the summer 's most-talked about films . It 's carving out space in between superhero flicks and "  Ted , " the movie about the stuffed talking bear , as it expands into theaters across the country . Henry , 45 , a baker  and the owner of the Buttermilk Drop Bakery and Cafe in New Orleans  , will tell you in his cool , Southern drawl that he 's taking everything in stride . But after the film won the Sundance Film Festival 's grand jury prize , the Hollywood doors have opened up . Henry just wrapped his second film , "  Twelve Years a Slave , " working alongside director Steve McQueen and actors Michael Fassbender and Brad Pitt . CNN spoke to the baker/actor from Los Angeles about his new career on the big screen as well as some theories as to the success of "  Beasts of the Southern Wild . " CNN : Growing up , what types of movies were you into ? Dwight Henry : I liked the westerns . I was into Clint Eastwood , Charles Bronson type of westerns . I always worked a lot , but I had time to watch a lot of cowboy movies . I like a lot of Morgan Freeman 's movies and Russell Crowe . "  Gladiator " is one of my all-time  favorites  . I can watch "  Gladiator " at least once a month . CNN : I read that you turned down the role of Wink three times . Henry : Reluctantly , I turned it down . Reluctantly . Not turned it down like snubbing my nose turning it down . I was obligated to my business ; it had just opened up , and it was hard to leave . But it was what they seen in me ... They had me believing that I was the only person who could do this part . After I turned them down , reluctantly , three times , they really convinced me that no one could do this part but me . They sold me . They had so much belief to put their whole film , millions of dollars , into my hands . When I finally took the part , I remember all three of the producers came into the bakery , the accountants came in with them and they were like , "  You got ta do this . " They seen something in me . I worked things out with my partners and moved out of town . I just finished shooting another film , "  Twelve Years a Slave . " Steve McQueen directed the movie . Steve was telling me , "  Man , they 're right about you . " I have to believe what certain people say . They say I have this gift , and I have to take it for what it is . CNN : What was the first day on the "  Beasts " set like ? Were you nervous ? Henry : Not really . I 'm not the type of person . ... I would n't say I was nervous . It was something new to me -- cameras on me , people watching me . I 'm more the type of person that accepts challenges , and I believe in myself because I would n't have the success I 've had in business without believing in myself . CNN : The film takes place in a very specific place , within a very specific culture , after an event we all recognize as a significant storm . Henry : You have to be from down there to relate to some of the difficulties and challenges that we face , living on the Gulf Coast , in that region . There  are  particular parts to that region that are protected to a level where they can always recover , but there  are  parts of that region that are forgotten about , unprotected . CNN : In the course of your life in New Orleans , you must 've come across people who were very similar to the characters in "  Beast . " Henry : Yeah . I know some resilient people . Resilient people meaning under the worse circumstances in the world , they wo n't leave the things they love . We often have to go through that . Just like that last situation we had with Hurricane Katrina . A lot of people refused to leave . We 're not just going to walk away from these things . I 'm one . I stood back , I was in neck-high water and got stranded down there and had to run for higher ground , trying to stay back and protect the things I loved the most . I understand a lot of what the people in that movie , who live on that island , what they go through . CNN : But a lot of people that are not from that area are responding to the film , the performances and the story . Henry : But you know something ? ... This is a story that has a lot of love in it , passion , a lot of family unity . All of these different things , people naturally respond to these things . Everywhere we went , from the East Coast to the West Coast , all the people responded the same to it . It 's a movie that you get a lot of feeling when you watch it . It 's a movie that everybody can go see , the Baptists , the Catholics , the Republicans , the Democrats , the blacks , the whites . Everybody can go see and love . CNN : Before acting , have you always been in the restaurant world ? Henry : Always been . When I got out of school in the 11th grade , I started working at the ... Sunrise Bakery . It was a local bakery in the Ninth Ward . I fell in love with the bakery business and went from bakery , to restaurants , to other bakeries . That 's all I ever did , my whole life . Never tried to do nothing else . I loved it and I love what I do , where I worked hard and put something together and opened my own business . I was already blessed . CNN : Wink is the first person you 've brought to life on-screen . What do you think is remarkable about him ? Henry : The love , the passion that he has . He has a heart the size of Texas . He loves the people that 's on that island with him . He loves his daughter more than anything . He loves the ground , the land , the dirt . He just loves everything about everything . He 's not going to be on the Earth that long , and the most important thing in the world is for her to survive . CNN : What 's on the horizon for you ? Henry : I have another business I 'm about to open up in New Orleans called Wink 's Bakery and Bistro , down in the Central District . I have some different things . If the right part comes along , I 'd love to do more film . But it has to be something special .	Dwight Henry lands his first acting role with "  Beasts of the Southern Wild " Henry has been a baker and owns a bakery in New Orleans Henry : "  They say I have this gift , and I have to take it for what it is " He just finished shooting another film , "  Twelve Years a Slave "
CNN  -- Dick Cheney , it has been said , fears that "  somebody will Pinochet him . " This extraordinary grammatical twist of the word Pinochet can not be found in Cheney 's recently published memoirs . It was used in several television interviews by Col. Lawrence Wilkerson , the former chief of staff to Colin Powell , to suggest that George W. Bush 's vice president dreads the possibility that he , like Gen. Augusto Pinochet , Chile 's late dictator , will be put on trial for crimes against humanity in a foreign land . In effect , ever since Pinochet was arrested in London in 1998 and spent the next year and a half fighting extradition to Spain to face charges of having ordered and condoned torture during his regime , ever since the British House of Lords  equivalent to the U.S. Supreme Court  judged that it was valid to indict a head of state for human rights abuses in a country other than the one where those abuses had been committed , the specter of that decision and that fate has haunted rulers and former rulers everywhere . What terrifies Cheney  and perhaps should terrify his boss , Bush , as well  is that one morning he will be sipping his caf  au lait in Paris or strolling along the Thames in London or examining Picasso 's "  Guernica " in the Museo Reina Sofia in Madrid  would he recognize Iraq in that painting ?  , only to be suddenly tapped on the shoulder and escorted to a nearby police station . Politely , of course -- there would be no roughing him up , no extraordinary rendition , say , to North Korea , certainly no waterboarding in Guant  namo to get him to come clean , no one whispering in his ear , "  If you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . " And , after being booked , Cheney would be brought before a magistrate to be informed that according to international law , he is indicted for authorizing torture  he has acknowledged direct involvement in approving its use on prisoners detained after 9/11  , an activity that is condemned in a covenant that the United States ratified in 1994 . And then he will have the chance -- which none of his purported victims did -- of defending himself with attorneys and the possibility of cross-examining his accusers . It 's true that the former vice president can avoid all this unpleasantness by simply staying within the borders of his own land and never venturing abroad , except perhaps to Bahrain or Yemen , nations that have not ratified the U.N. Convention Against Torture . What Cheney can not avoid , however , is the universal shame and disgrace of being targeted and tainted by the word Pinochet , an infamy that , unfortunately , also soils the country where Cheney was born and which now gives him refuge and offers him impunity . By refusing to investigate , let alone prosecute , members of the Bush administration who stand accused by many human rights activists of crimes against humanity , the United States is telling the world that it does not obey the treaties it has signed or even its own domestic laws . It is declaring that some of its citizens -- the most influential of these citizens -- are beyond the reach of the law . It is joining a group of rogue nations that routinely torture and humiliate their prisoners and deny them habeas corpus . It is difficult to exaggerate how much this harms the United States -- a country that throws out the window thousands of years of progress in defining what it means to be human , what it means to have rights due to the mere fact of being human . A country that flouts the Magna Carta and destroys the legacy established by the fathers of American independence and violates the U.N. charter that the United States itself helped to create after World War II when the cry of "  never again " rose from a wounded planet . A country that applauds the trial of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and scorns the torture chambers of Moammar Gadhafi in Libya and deplores the massacres in Syria , but will not hold accountable one of its own elite . There is a way , of course , to be rid of this stigma and , also , to verify whether Cheney 's claims of innocence  like those of Pinochet  are valid . Put Cheney on trial in the United States itself . Let a jury of his peers decide whether , as he himself has stated , it would have been unethical or immoral "  not to do everything we could "  in other words , torture  "  in order to protect the nation against further attacks like what happened on 9/11 . " Examine publicly whether those "  enhanced interrogations " were , in effect , necessary to keep America safe or if , on the contrary , they have endangered the country 's security by debasing its moral standing and creating more jihadists bent on new acts of terrorism . Justice for all . The last three words of the Pledge of Allegiance that schoolchildren all across America recite each morning , their hands on their hearts before the flag , the words I spoke out as a child in New York and carried with me into my many exiles . Not justice for one . Or justice for some . Or justice for almost everybody . For all . Those oh-so-simple three words are stating that it does not matter how powerful you are , whether you were a tyrant such as Pinochet or a man such as Cheney who was a mere heartbeat away from the presidency of the United States , you can never be above the law . All . A word synonymous with humanity , all of it , every first and last one of us -- the ruler who commands millions and the victim screaming in the darkness for a reprieve from pain . If Cheney really loved his country , he would demand that a grand jury be convened , he would want a world where the schoolchildren of tomorrow , his own grandchildren and great-grandchildren , can truly pledge that there will be justice for all . He would want to clear his name and never more see it even remotely associated with Pinochet , that thief , that traitor , that man who tortured his own people and lives on only in the annals of villainy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ariel Dorfman .	Ariel Dorfman : Ex-Colin Powell aide says Dick Cheney fears "  somebody will Pinochet him " Dorfman : Cheney likely terrified of being tried for crimes against humanity for OK ` ing torture He says Pinochet tag would be shameful for Cheney , debases U.S. in eyes of world Dorfman : Cheney should face trial in U.S. to show that "  justice for all " has meaning
Kurdish fighters from Iraq have finally arrived in Kobani in northern Syria to reinforce Syrian Kurds in the battle against ISIS for control of the town . A Kurdish activist in Kobani said late Friday he saw more than 100 Kurdish fighters known as Peshmerga cross over the Turkish border with their vehicles to the embattled city 's west , near a key hill called Tal Shair . Another witness said he saw a large convoy of armed vehicles pass his house , headed toward the unofficial border crossing on the city 's western side Friday evening . They were accompanied by Turkish military , as they drove on the Turkish side , he said . This is the largest reported crossing of reinforcements to help the the Syrian Kurds defending the besieged Kobani . It 's unclear whether more help is on the way . ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist militant group , has been fighting to take Kobani for about six weeks , hoping to add it to the territory it already captured in parts of Syria and Iraq for what it calls its new independent Islamic nation . Word of the Peshmerga 's arrival follows complaints from Syrian Kurds , accusing Turkey of causing delays in the fighters ' arrival . The Peshmerga were supoosed to arrive Thursday night or Friday morning , according to Polat Can , spokesman for Syrian Kurdish fighters , part of the People 's Protection Units , or YPG . "  We do not know why it is delayed . We think the delay is caused by Turkey , " Can said Friday morning . "  ISIS has been focusing its attacks on the border gate for the past five days to prevent Peshmerga and other support from coming , but they have not made progress . We have taken back some areas , " Can added . Syria has been embroiled in a three-year civil war , with government troops battling ISIS and other rebels elsewhere , leaving Kobani 's ethnic Kurds to defend the city , with U.S. airstrikes -- part of a larger U.S.-led coalition effort against ISIS in the region -- intermittently taking out ISIS targets in the area . Meantime , the airstrikes against those targets continued Thursday and Friday as part of Operation Inherent Resolve with four more carried out in Syria and Iraq , Central Command said in a Facebook post . "  Separately , U.S. and partner nation military forces conducted four airstrikes in Iraq Thursday and today using fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL terrorists , " Central Command said .	Peshmerga are now inside Kobani proper A large contingent of Peshmerga arrive late Friday Pershmerga arrival is largest reported crossing of reinforcements so far More airstrikes carried out in Syria and Iraq against ISIS targets
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nothing says true love like releasing a caged butterfly , do n't you think ? Wayne Rooney and Coleen McLoughlin are to be paid $ 5 million for the picture rights to their wedding . The butterflies are reported to be the piece-de-resistance of England 's most anticipated celebrity wedding of the year . Wayne Rooney , the best English footballer of his generation , and Coleen McLoughlin , his High School sweetheart , were to marry in an estimated $ 10 million ceremony in Italy Thursday . As they kiss , guests are apparently meant to open boxes and release the butterflies . The moment has been pilloried widely in the British media , tacky and over the top they all think , but is it just sour grapes ? It has been a long and , at times , bumpy road for the couple to the altar . One littered with fierce criticism from the British press , which has enjoyed nothing more than lampooning Rooney and McLoughlin for being ` common . ' The Daily Mail once even asked : "  Is this Britain 's ghastliest couple ? " Rooney has been dubbed "  Shrek " and "  Mr Potato Head " due to his looks and his background as the son of a school dinner lady who grew up on a council estate is often referred to in a disparaging way . McLoughlin , meanwhile , has been subjected to page upon page of bitter stories about her weight , shopping sprees and her lack of closeness to Victoria Beckham . There has also been fierce criticism over the fact she has managed to become a millionaire in her own right . It 's all down to Rooney apparently , and nothing to do with her appearing to be quite a decent person , who did well at school and has cleverly managed to parlay some of her fame into various media and advertising projects . Anyone who has seen her television show -- Coleen 's Real Women -- can see she is a decent , bubbly person , who is very good at putting people at ease . Much to the media 's fury , the couple have sold the rights to cover the wedding to OK magazine for a record $ 5 million . However they 're not pocketing all the cash themselves , with an undisclosed sum from the fee to be donated to the Claire House children 's hospice in Cheshire -- where McLoughlin 's disabled foster sister Rosie is cared for . The queen 's grandson , Peter Phillips and his bride Autumn Kelly , recently received $ 1m from Hello magazine to cover their wedding but they did n't receive an eighth of the opprobrium now directed at the more generous , but lower class , Rooney and McLoughlin . Moreover , in lieu of presents , Rooney and McLoughlin have also asked guests to donate money to the Alder Hey children 's hospital in Liverpool . The wedding might be over the top , with a private yacht and luxury jet for guests  they are covering the guests ' costs  , expensive plonk and a $ 200,000 wedding dress , but at least the couple have worked hard for what they have . Their success despite a working-class background appears to be the greatest source of frustration for critics . It 's just not on that someone who was n't born into privilege and did n't go to a posh school can enjoy their wealth . That would be ugly . If anything , the couple 's relationship and success is a triumph over adversity . They have known each other since McLoughlin was 12 , but she spent two years fending off Rooney 's entreaties to go out on a date . He finally got his chance when he saw her struggling to fix a broken bicycle chain . He rode over to help , popped the question again and got a yes . Surely they should be congratulated for creating their own modern fairytale complete with butterflies ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	English football star Wayne Rooney and sweetheart marry in lavish ceremony Glen Scanlon says media have launched bitter attacks on the couple Working-class background appears to be critics ' greatest annoyance , he says
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday to expand and tighten sanctions on North Korea after that nation 's recent nuclear test . The U.N. Security Council votes for a resolution imposing sanctions against North Korea on Friday . The 15-0 vote on U.N. Resolution 1874 imposes an embargo on the shipment of arms from the communist regime and broadens a ban on the import of weapons . "  This resolution provides a strong and united international response to North Korea 's test of a nuclear device , " said U.S. Deputy Ambassador Rosemary DiCarlo . The agreement comes amid rising tension surrounding North Korea , which recently conducted a nuclear test , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . The nuclear test and the firing of six short-range rockets occurred in late May . Pyongyang 's actions violated existing U.N. resolutions . The Security Council 's five permanent members had already passed a draft resolution Wednesday that condemned North Korea 's nuclear test "  in the strongest terms . " The permanent members -- China , France , Russia , Britain and the United States -- reached the agreement in consultation with Japan and South Korea . The draft resolution reaffirmed that the "  proliferation of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons , as well as their means of delivery , constitutes a threat to international peace and security . " That resolution provided a "  strong , very credible , very appropriate response to the provocative nuclear test that North Korea launched and its subsequent activities , " Susan E. Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told reporters at the time . "  And we think that the message that the council will send ... is that North Korea 's behavior is unacceptable , they must pay a price , they ought to return without conditions to a process of negotiations and that the consequences they will face are significant , " Rice said . Provisions already existing in U.N. Resolution 1718 , passed in 2006 , are strengthened by the new measure , but others are new , Rice said . The new resolution requires states to "  exercise vigilance " over the direct or indirect supply , sale or transfer to North Korea of small arms or light weapons . Nations would be required to notify the sanctions committee at least five days prior to selling , supplying or transferring small arms or light weapons to North Korea . The resolution calls on all states to inspect vessels suspected of containing contraband . If a ship refuses , it is to proceed to the closest port for a mandatory inspection . A new regulation would prohibit nations from providing bunkering services , such as fuel , to North Korean ships believed to be carrying contraband . The draft also broadens authority to prevent the flow of funds that could benefit North Korea 's missile , nuclear or proliferation activities . Late last month , two Defense Department officials said U.S. satellite imagery spotted "  vehicle activity " at a North Korean ballistic missile facility . The officials said the images showed vehicles used to transport Taepodong-2 missiles , but no missile parts . The Taepodong-2 is a long-range missile North Korea tested in April . That test showed a significant improvement in range from North Korea 's initial long-range missile test in 2006 . This week , a U.S. official who was not authorized to speak on the record told CNN that Washington had "  indications " that North Korea may be planning another test . The official would not provide any details , however . President Obama 's special envoy to North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , called "  simply groundless " accusations by Pyongyang that its nuclear and rocket tests were in response to American aggression . Washington officials have said the United States ' goal is for North Korea to return to nuclear negotiations with the United States , China , South Korea , Japan and Russia , known as the six-party talks .	U.N. Resolution 1874 imposes arms embargo , broadens weapons import ban N. Korea recently did nuclear test , fired rockets , threatened ships near its waters Resolution requires arms sales notifications , inspection of suspect vessels Pyongyang 's actions violated existing U.N. resolutions
Washington  CNN  -- Consider tonight 's speech by President Barack Obama to be the antidote to his now-infamous comments two weeks ago that his administration lacks a strategy for combating ISIS in Syria . The beheadings of two Americans -- journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- have propelled ISIS into the center of the American public consciousness . The group is no longer a distant , local threat , but an immediate threat to American lives . Obama knows he must now give a comprehensive answer to this threat . Is ISIS a threat to the U.S. ? First , he will need to explain to Americans to what degree ISIS threatens U.S. national security . The administration 's current assessment is that , for now , it is principally a threat to the region , as well as to American diplomats , soldiers and other personnel based in Iraq . However , the U.S. intelligence community believes ISIS also threatens U.S. interests outside the region , including in the U.S. homeland . Gingrich : 10 questions for Obama on ISIS Intelligence officials tell me that while ISIS is focused on strengthening the Islamic state , or caliphate , in Syria and Iraq , this does not mean its aspirations end there . ISIS is believed to be encouraging the many foreigners now fighting for it  including about a dozen Americans  and other sympathizers to carry out attacks in the West when they return home . When I asked Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel last week whether ISIS is a threat to the U.S. today or some day down the road , he said the administration does n't have the luxury of making that distinction . "  We ca n't take a chance , Jim , on saying , ` Well , let 's technically define this -- is it a real threat today or tomorrow , or is it going to be in six months ? ' " Hagel said . "  That 's the way the threats do n't work in little , neat boxes and emanate on our time frame . They emanate on their time frame . We know they 're a threat . We know they 're brutal . We know that they are , as I 've said , as others have said , something that we 've never seen before . " What 's Obama 's strategy ? Second , the President will need to lay out in detail his strategy for dealing with ISIS . This follows another confusing rhetorical moment for the White House . Obama is open to airstrikes on ISIS Officials including the President now say the goal is "  degrading and destroying ISIS , " but only after the President indicated last week that his goal may be simply to make ISIS a more "  manageable " threat . Now that the goal is to defeat ISIS , exactly what steps will the President order to accomplish that ? Sources tell CNN he is "  open to " ordering airstrikes inside Syria . And Hagel told me in our interview that the Pentagon has already presented him with military options to do so . Kerry : ` Broad coalition ' of nations will help fight ISIS We also now know that the President is asking for so-called Title X authority to arm and train Syrian rebel groups . However , the President has said , and will likely repeat tonight , that military action alone will not accomplish his goals . He needs an international coalition , particularly involving regional states directly involved in the conflict . He needs a more inclusive government in Iraq . And he needs a continuing and broad humanitarian mission to serve the many Iraqis and Syrians that ISIS is driving from their homes , starving and murdering . Kerry 's mission : Mideast buy-in for anti-ISIS efforts How long will this fight last ? Finally , Obama will need to explain to Americans how long and how intense this new war will be . He campaigned on ending the long American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Until very recently , his administration continued to emphasize that Americans are war-weary and that the administration was loathe to bring the nation back to war , short of very direct threats to U.S. interests . Remember the administration 's -- also infamous -- mantra "  Do n't do stupid stuff " as the driving force of the President 's foreign policy . Now , the President is taking the nation back to war . For how long ? How costly will it be ? As a candidate in 2007 , he famously called Iraq "  a dumb war . " Why wo n't this war be dumb ? Opinion : Could Obama 's plan against ISIS spark backlash ? Round-up : Did Obama sell his ISIS strategy ?	Beheadings of two Americans put ISIS into Americans ' consciousness Obama must explain to public the threat ISIS presents The President must also lay out what his strategy is for eliminating the ISIS threat
CNN  -- Authorities searching for a missing Oregon boy are seeking information from the public on the child 's stepmother . The Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office released a flier Friday with pictures of Terri Horman , who told investigators she last saw her stepson , Kyron Horman , 7 , inside Skyline Elementary School in Portland on June 4 . A form to be filled out and returned to the police by anyone who was at the school the day Kyron disappeared was attached to the flier . "  At any time did you see Terri Horman at or near the school ? " was among the questions in the form . Capt. Jason Gates issued the following statement Friday on the decision to request information on Kyron 's stepmother : "  Detectives work in this case is exhaustive and they , along with Kyron 's family , are asking for the community 's assistance regarding anyone who saw not only Kyron , but also who may have seen Terri Horman and/or the truck she was driving that morning . Terri is the last person known to have seen him before he disappeared . " In a brief phone interview with CNN , sheriff spokeswoman Lt. Mary Lindstrand said the focus of the investigation is not on Terri Horman . "  We 're looking for every bit of information that we can , " Lindstrand said . "  We are not in a position to name anybody a person of interest . " The two-week-old case has been labeled a criminal investigation , involving one of the largest police search and rescue operations in state history . Kyron 's family released a statement Friday urging the public to help bring him home . "  It has been two weeks since our son , Kyron , disappeared , " the family said . "  For the last 14 days , we have n't been able to talk to him , see him playing around the house , or tuck him in bed . Any parent would understand the grief this has caused our family . "  Father 's Day is Sunday . For the first time in seven years , we will not have Kyron around to hug and talk to . It hurts us deeply and our hearts are broken , " the statement reads . Kyron was wearing dark cargo pants and a black T-shirt with the "  CSI " logo on it at the time of his disappearance . He is 3-foot-8 , weighs 50 pounds and has brown hair and blue eyes . Anyone with information is asked to call the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office .	Authorities searching for missing 7-year-old Kyron Horman Two-week-old case now labeled a criminal investigation Search is one of the largest in Oregon history
CNN  Magazines and websites regularly rank Peachtree City , Georgia , as one of the best places to live and raise a family . The community 's trademark : Residents putter around in golf carts on the community 's 90-plus miles of paved pathways . But on the first day of 2015 , the town of 35,000 people south of Atlanta was known for something else . The man tasked with keeping the peace in Peachtree City , Police Chief William McCollom , was being investigated in a shooting that left his wife in critical condition . Authorities are n't revealing many details , but they said McCollom shot Margaret McCollom with his service Glock 9mm a few hours before dawn inside the couple 's bedroom . The chief told 911 it was an accident , said Sherry Lang , spokeswoman for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . No charges have been filed . Margaret McCollom was taken by helicopter to Atlanta Medical Center , where she was listed in critical condition , according to a statement from police spokesman Lt. Mark Brown . Fayette County District Attorney Scott Ballard said at a press conference that he wo n't decide whether charges should be filed until the GBI presents him with an investigation report . "  We have no leanings one way or the other at this point because we just do n't know , " Ballard said . "  As soon as all the facts are known they 'll turn over a file to our office , and we 'll review to see if in fact there 's been any criminal activity . " McCollom is fully cooperating with authorities , Lang said . He 's the one who called 911 . Margaret McCollom has not been interviewed , she said . Chief McCollom was placed on administrative leave . Lang declined to comment when asked whether alcohol played a part in the incident , saying that 's part of the investigation that can not be revealed yet . Lang said the investigation determined that Margaret McCollom was shot once . "  The initial reports that we got from a 911 call were that the chief had shot his wife , accidentally , twice . As a result of our preliminary interview , we have found that he only shot her one time , " she said . Brown said Peachtree City officers were called to the home at 4:17 a.m. and immediately realized it was their boss 's house . The GBI was quickly called in to lead the investigation . Brown said he knew of no previous disciplinary actions against the chief . McCollom was well-liked by officers in the department , Brown said . He said his co-workers are worried about the chief and his wife . "  The department is hurting at this point , " Brown said . McCollom was named the police chief in October after being interim chief for three months , reported CNN affiliate WSB .	No charges filed ; DA says he will await investigative report Peachtree City authorities say the police chief 's wife was shot She 's in critical condition at Atlanta Medical Center
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Cancer was once assumed to be a death sentence because the disease was often incurable , but a new survey suggests the crisis for many today is paying for available treatments . High cost-sharing , caps on insurance benefits and policy limitations raise treament costs for people with insurance . "  It is a big surprise that 20 percent of people with health insurance ca n't afford to have the cancer therapy they need to save their lives , " said John Seffrin of the American Cancer Society . The survey , jointly conducted by ACS and the Kaiser Family Foundation , includes 20 profiles of cancer patients and their struggles to find affordable medical coverage . The report was presented at a news conference Thursday , the same day U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery for pancreatic cancer in New York . Ten-year-old Taylor Wilhite 's leukemia means cancer in her bones and blood . The cost of treatment and medicine since last March is now approaching the lifetime limit of $ 1 million from her father 's family health insurance plan . Fifty-eight-year-old Jamie Drzewicki is in remission from breast cancer after treatment and surgery . But she 's unable to pay endless bills left over when her $ 100,000 insurance policy ran out . She said the stress from that debt could kill her if she let it . "  I ca n't go on with the fear that I 'm gon na get cancer again , and have this stress every day , and I have to let it go , and try to pay what I can , " she said . Seffrin , who has led the American Cancer Society for 17 years , said it is troubling that money , not medical science , may keep the disease a top concern for society . "  We can now begin to talk about eliminating cancer as a major public health problem in the United States early in this new century . If we can pay for it , " he said . The survey , based in part on requests for financial assistance received by the American Cancer Society , found several consistent factors facing those who otherwise had medical insurance . They include high cost-sharing , where the cancer patient is responsible for some of the expense ; caps on insurance benefits that are far lower than what today 's cancer treatments can cost ; and limitations on policies when an employee becomes too sick to work . The report did not make recommendations , but Seffrin said the study of cancer patients should underscore the need for health care reform .	Paying for cancer treatment has become a barrier for many with the disease 20 percent of people with health insurance ca n't afford needed therapy American Cancer Society : Study underscores need for health care reform ACS : "  Troubling that money , not medical science " keeps cancer a top concern
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- A man convicted of killing a mother and her two daughters during a brutal 2007 Connecticut home invasion can be "  quite likable , " but has struggled with drug addiction for years , a defense attorney told jurors Monday . The same jurors who convicted Steven Hayes of capital murder and other charges convened Monday for Hayes ' penalty phase . They will decide whether he should be sentenced to death for the slayings of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . Attorney Patrick Culligan told jurors in his opening statement they will hear testimony from "  people who know Steve Hayes , whose lives have crossed paths with Steven Hayes ... to try to give you some insight , some understanding of who Steven Hayes was prior to the crimes of July 23 , 2007 . " Some of the testimony , he warned , will not be flattering to Hayes , but he said that despite his long history of criminal convictions and drug abuse , Hayes could be "  quite likable . " "  There is no presumption at this point that the death penalty is the appropriate punishment , " Culligan said . " ... You must keep an open mind . " Culligan said testimony would also focus on Hayes ' behavior in prison in the past , noting that he has been incarcerated for "  most of his adult life " because of his addiction . "  At the conclusion -LSB- of testimony -RSB- , you 'll come to know much more of the ` who ' about Steven Hayes , " Culligan told jurors . " ... Hopefully , you 'll also have a fuller understanding of his role in these crimes ... these most horrible and tragic crimes . " Hayes , 47 , was convicted earlier this month of 16 of the 17 charges against him , including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping . Jurors acquitted him of an arson charge . During the penalty phase , jurors will determine whether the mitigating evidence the defense is expected to present outweighs the aggravating factors in favor of the death penalty . Jurors are allowed to consider evidence they heard during the guilt phase of the trial . They can also consider new testimony or evidence that attorneys introduce during the sentencing phase -- which might include the defendant 's long history of prior convictions and anything that casts Hayes in a positive light . Hayes himself could testify . "  All of the evidence presented in the guilt phase may be considered in this phase ... and the state is relying on that evidence , " prosecutor Michael Dearington told jurors in his opening statement . The only new testimony presented in the penalty phase by the prosecution concerned Hayes ' prior convictions -- two in 1981 and others in 1993 , 1996 and 2003 , all for third-degree burglary . The prosecution rested just before the court took a lunch break Monday . The killings took place in the New Haven suburb of Cheshire , a brutal attack that shocked the well-to-do community and drew nationwide attention . The home of Dr. William Petit was invaded in the middle of the night by Hayes and another man , Joshua Komisarjevsky , prosecutors say . Komisarjevsky will be tried separately . Connecticut State Police Detective Anthony Buglione , who interviewed Hayes after the crime , has testified that the duo beat Petit bloody and left him in the basement . According to testimony , the two men then went upstairs and found Hawke-Petit and Michaela asleep in the master bedroom . After tying Hawke-Petit to her bed , they led the girl to her room , tied her to her bed and put a pillowcase over her head , Hayes told Buglione . They then found Hayley Petit in her room and did the same , he said . After finding evidence of a bank account containing $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 , they decided to have the mother go to the bank in the morning and withdraw money from her account , Buglione testified . Hayes is accused of taking Hawke-Petit to the bank while Komisarjevsky allegedly stayed behind . When Hayes and Hawke-Petit returned with the money , the two men allegedly set the home on fire and fled . Inside the home , authorities said , Hawke-Petit , 48 , was found raped and strangled . Her two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , died of smoke inhalation . Petit , the sole survivor , escaped to a neighbor 's home . William Petit has said he will not offer a victim impact statement during Hayes ' penalty phase , saying in a statement he "  regretfully " decided against doing so because Connecticut 's law on victim impact statements is unclear and could provide convicts with grounds to appeal their sentences . Culligan noted in his remarks to jurors Monday that "  There was another person involved in this crime : Joshua Komisarjevsky . " He said jurors will hear about Komisarjevsky in the suspect 's own words , much of it from his writings to author Brian McDonald . Judge Jon Blue has suggested the penalty proceeding could last as long as four weeks , though the relatively quick pace of the guilt phase of Hayes ' trial has led some to speculate the penalty phase could also be quick . Hayes ' attorneys had sought to introduce testimony regarding the comparative cost of life imprisonment versus execution , but Blue barred the subject .	NEW : Defense attorney tells jurors to keep an open mind NEW : Prosecution offers testimony on Steven Hayes ' prior convictions NEW : Defense says Hayes has struggled with drug addiction for years Hayes could face the death penalty for killing a mother and daughters
CNN  -- Tiger Wood missed the cut at Quail Hollow in his first tournament since a disappointing showing at the U.S. Masters . A second round one-over 73 Friday left him level par 144 for the PGA Tour event , one outside the cut line . The former world number one was left to rue a routine four-foot birdie putt on his penultimate hole and he took 33 putts in total in a disappointing showing on the greens . Woods happier with swing ahead of return It was only the eighth time in 267 starts as a professional that Woods will have failed to qualify for the final two rounds . "  This is one of my favorite tour stops , and unfortunately , I 'm just not going to be around for the last two days , " he told gathered reporters after his round . Coming off a 40th place finish at Augusta after going into the first major of the season as favorite , Woods was also wayward off the tee . One drive on the par-5 fifth hole could not be found but Woods received a free drop after a ruling . Latest leaderboard from Quail Hollow According to the official PGA Tour website a fan had reportedly pocketed the ball . While Woods struggled , fellow American Nick Watney charged into the clubhouse lead at 12-under after a superb second round 64 in North Carolina . Webb Simpson , second on last year 's money list , was a shot back after a 68 . World number two Rory McIlroy , playing his first event since the Masters , also prospered among the morning starters , shooting a four-under 68 . It left the Northern Ireland star on six-under overall and still well-placed to claim the top seven place which would see him leapfrog England 's Luke Donald to top spot in the rankings . McIlroy won the 2010 edition with closing rounds of 66-62 after just making the cut .	Tiger Woods struggles to second round 73 at Quail Hollow Woods misses cut at PGA Tour event in North Carolina Nick Watney sets clubhouse pace at halfway on 12-under World No. 2 Rory McIlroy six shots back after a 68
ON PUGET SOUND , Washington  CNN  -- When commercial diver Kenny Woodside takes to the depths , he enters a world of murky low light and dangerous currents . Diver Kenny Woodside descends to the murky depths to retrieve an abandoned net . Until recently Woodside and about 100 hundred other divers searched Puget Sound for sea cucumbers and urchins to sell to buyers in Asia , where the items are considered delicacies . But demand for the fishermen 's catch dried up with the worldwide economic crisis and left many of these divers without a reason to go out on the water . "  The fishing industry has slowed from a full-time job to just a couple months a year , " said Doug Monk , the captain of the boat from which Woodside dives . "  The red sea urchin market is almost non-existent . " But thanks to a small piece of the federal stimulus recovery plan , Monk , Woodside and about 40 other fishermen will get back to work hauling in a very different catch : lost fishing nets . While many stimulus projects have come under fire as pork barrel spending , backers of the nets program say it is a model for helping those battered by the economic downturn while completing needed public works . Thousands of the large nets stretch across the floor of Puget Sound , where they create an environmental hazard . Some of the nets were lost by fishermen to the rocky coastline decades ago but continue to catch and kill . According to the Northwest Marine Conservation Initiative , the nets are responsible for killing tens of thousands of marine life , mammals and birds every year . The nets , some of which extend larger than a football field , can also tangle the propellers of boats and pose a danger to scuba divers . After struggling to find funding , the group received $ 4.6 million in stimulus funds to recover most of the nets that litter the unique Puget Sound ecosystem . The only reason the nets have remained underwater for so long , said Ginny Broadhurst , director of the Northwest Marine Conservation Initiative , is because the damage they are doing to the environment is invisible from the surface . "  If you had nets strung along the streets that are catching bunny rabbits and squirrels , we would n't be discussing whether we should be removing them . We would be pulling them . It would be immediate , " said Broadhurst . "  When those threats are underwater it 's so much harder to know what impacts they are having . " But pulling those nets is no easy task . Divers swim close to 100 feet down to an environment that is anything but friendly . Instead of using scuba equipment , they breathe through air hoses running from the boat above . When the divers find the fields of nets , they begin the labor of cutting them free piece by piece and all by hand . Removing one net can take days . Watch the divers at work " The nets are then pulled to the boat waiting on the surface . In just a few hours on the water , the divers can pull free about 1,000 pounds of nets . Inside are the bones of countless fish and birds , along with several species of protected sharks and crabs . Anything still alive is cut free and thrown back in the water . Then , biologist Jeff June notes what they have brought up . So far , he says , the group has identified 112 distinct species trapped in the nets . The fishing nets themselves are considered toxic after the years of catching so much sea life . The divers seal them in heavy duty plastic bags and , once on shore , take the nets to a landfill . But biologist June said the group is working on a plan that would have the nets burned , creating energy from lost fishing nets . Over the next 18 months the group expects to pull some 3,000 nets from Puget Sound . And in that time the fishing industry could bounce back from its slump , allowing Doug Monk and his crew to return to catching urchins and sea cucumbers . But , the boat captain said , recovering the fishing nets has greater meaning than just riding out a rough economy . "  We feel we are doing a good thing , " he said . " -LSB- With -RSB- harvest diving we are taking from the resources ; here we are giving them back . "	Worldwide economic downturn has hit fishing industry hard Stimulus money is paying fishermen to haul up lost nets in Puget Sound Nets kill thousands of marine life , birds , mammals each year Some of the nets are longer than a football field
New York  CNN  -- The federal government moved Thursday to seize assets belonging to the Alavi Foundation and the Assa Corp. , including a Manhattan skyscraper and four mosques , citing alleged links to the Iranian government . Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , announced Thursday 's filing of an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of the Alavi Foundation 's interest in the 36-story office tower located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan . The tower is owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , a partnership between the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , the Justice Department said . The amended complaint alleges that the Alavi Foundation provided services to the Iranian government and transferred money from 650 Fifth Avenue Company to Bank Melli , Iran 's largest state-owned financial entity . U.S. and European Union officials last year designated Bank Melli as a proliferator for supporting Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and funneling money to the Revolutionary Guard and Quds Force , considered terrorist groups by the United States . Bank Melli issued a statement last year denying involvement in any deceptive banking practices . Thursday 's amended complaint seeks forfeiture of all assets of the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , including bank accounts owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. ; and properties owned by the foundation in New York , Maryland , Virginia , Texas and California . It alleges that the properties were "  involved in and -LSB- were -RSB- the proceeds of money laundering offenses , " and that the owners violated the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , executive orders and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations . "  As today 's complaint alleges in great detail , the Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran , " Bharara said . "  For two decades , the Alavi Foundation 's affairs have been directed by various Iranian officials , including Iranian ambassadors to the United Nations , in violation of a series of American laws . The Alavi Foundation 's former president remains under investigation for alleged obstruction of justice , and both the criminal and civil investigations are ongoing . " John Winter , a New York lawyer representing the Alavi Foundation , said his client would challenge the complaint . "  We 're obviously disappointed that the government brought this action because we have been cooperating with the government since this investigation began about a year ago and we intend to litigate this matter , " he said in a telephone interview . "  It may take some time , but at the end of this litigation , we 're of the mind that we 're going to prevail here . " The buildings remained open and were continuing to operate as usual . "  There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants , " said Yusill Scribner , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York in a written statement . "  The tenants and occupants remain free to use the properties as they have before today 's filing . " According to the complaint , the New York tower was built in the 1970s by a nonprofit organization operated by the Shah of Iran to pursue the country 's charitable interests in the United States . Bank Melli financed its construction in prime real estate near Rockefeller Center . In 1979 , after the Iranian revolution , the Islamic Republic of Iran established the Bonyad Mostazafan of New York , since renamed the Alavi Foundation , to take possession of and manage property it had expropriated from the former government , including the Fifth Avenue building . Calls to the Iranian Mission were not immediately returned . The mosques are in New York , Maryland , California and Texas . At the Islamic Institute of New York in Queens , two worshipers said they found out about the move Thursday as they arrived for evening prayers . The front page of the court document stating the terms of the case was tacked to the front door accompanied by a letter from the U.S. Attorney 's office to the Mostazafan Foundation . A senior Justice Department official , trying to blunt any criticism from Muslim groups , told reporters that the government is moving against the Iranian landlords of the buildings , not targeting or "  seizing mosques " as religious-oriented facilities . The mosques just happen to be among the tenants of the buildings in question , the official said . But , in a statement , the Council on American-Islamic Relations called the move unprecedented and said it may have First Amendment implications . "  Whatever the details of the government 's case against the owners of the mosques , as a civil rights organization we are concerned that the seizure of American houses of worship could have a chilling effect on the religious freedom of citizens of all faiths and may send a negative message to Muslims worldwide , " said CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper . He said the move comes at a bad time , given the community 's fear of a backlash resulting from a Muslim psychiatrist being charged in the deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood in Texas . Relations between Iran and much of the international community have been tense in recent years over Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Iran states that it wants to develop its nuclear program solely for peaceful purposes ; the United States and a number of other countries have said they suspect the oil-rich nation is pursuing a nuclear bomb . In another U.S.-Iran development , President Obama said Thursday in a letter to Congress that the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in 1979 during the Iranian revolution has not ended . "  Our relations with Iran have not yet returned to normal , and the process of implementing the January 19 , 1981 , agreements with Iran is still under way , " Obama wrote in an official "  notice of continuation " required to extend the emergency status with Iran beyond the anniversary date of November 14 . "  For these reasons , I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared on November 14 , 1979 , with respect to Iran , beyond November 14 , 2009 . " CNN 's Terry Frieden , Brian Todd , Deb Feyerick , Eddie DeMarche and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	Alavi Foundation , Assa Corp. accused of transferring money to Iran U.S. Attorney : "  Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran " Companies own 3 mosques , have interest in New York skyscraper U.S. wants company to forfeit the mosques and skyscraper
As the rest of the world rang in 2012 , Nigerians awoke to an unpleasant New Year 's Day surprise : Their government announced the removal of a longstanding fuel subsidy that had helped to hold down gas prices in the largely impoverished country . Almost overnight , the price of fuel more than doubled , plunging the West African nation into mass unrest and bringing commerce to a standstill . Nigerians took to the streets on January 3 in protest against the removal of the fuel subsidy , and alleged corruption in the government of President Goodluck Jonathan . The demonstrations swelled a week later , with the backing of several major Nigerian labor unions . Goodluck Jonathan : Nigeria 's embattled president As protests spread to every major Nigerian city , CNN iReporters helped chronicle the unfolding events by telling their stories . In the days after the unrest began , Nigerians observing and participating in the street demonstrations submitted more than 500 iReports . Their pictures and videos gave CNN a firsthand look at protesters massing in large street gatherings , often holding signs expressing anger at their government . Another ubiquitous sight was the piles of burning refuse demonstrators used to shut down street traffic . iReporters on the frontline of protests also played a major role in CNN 's coverage of last year 's Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street movements . Now , with the protests formally ended but Nigeria reeling from a string of deadly bombing attacks by militant Islamist group Boko Haram , Nigerian iReporters said they wonder what the future will hold for their beleaguered country . "  Hopefully , the protests and conversations are beginning of the ` real ' awakening of Nigerians , " said Aminat Mohammed , 31 , of Boston . A Nigerian citizen by birth , she was in Lagos for a business trip and decided to join the rallies against the sudden increase in fuel prices . "  The younger generation is itching for change and willing to demand better . " Mohammed and other iReporters said the mass eruption of protests helped raise awareness among Nigerians of their shared frustrations with the country 's overburdened infrastructure and lack of social services . She said she believes protesters were ultimately failed by the trade unions ' compromise with the government , which saw the formal end of the nationwide strike . CNN Photos : Putting a face on Nigeria 's "  paradise lost " Still , Mohammed said she remains optimistic that these protests have sparked a larger movement for democratic change in the country . That 's a sentiment echoed by other Nigerian iReporters , who also expressed frustration over the compromise that saw the partial reinstatement of the country 's fuel subsidy . And like Mohammed , they said they view the recent wave of protests as a turning point in their nation 's history . "  The protests also served as one united platform for all types of Nigerians , " said pharmacist Tai-osagbemi Boma , 24 , of Ibadan . "  At a time where the country is much divided and  fractured  by sectarian and religious unrest , it also sent a message to the government that the people know their rights and are ready to fight for them . " Boma said he hopes that his children will someday see a more democratic Nigeria and that he 'll be able to tell them about the time he went into the streets to protest . But the country faces many obstacles in the near future , not the least of which are the recent bombings by Boko Haram . Aliyu Abba Hikima , 27 , said he believes the recent protests and violence may end up uniting two of the country 's most fractious factions : Muslims and Christians . During the demonstrations he witnessed in Kano , "  People wept when they saw the Christians guarding the Muslims as they prayed , and vice versa , " Hikima said . "  We believe it is a tremendous steppingstone for Nigerians to unite against their oppressor . "  The protest has also instilled in the heart of uneducated Nigerians the attitude of seeking of political and economic information of the state of the affairs of their country . " Most Nigerian iReporters expressed the shared hope their country is moving in the right direction , slowly but surely . "  It 's safe to say that Nigeria is on the right path once again , even if the journey is still slow and seemingly boring , " said freelance journalist Eromo Egbejule , 21 , of Lagos . "  The protests have kick-started the national consciousness and revitalized the Nigerian spirit of never say never . Bigger things are coming . As a Nigerian proverb goes , ' A clap begins the dance . ' "	Nigeria reels from a recent protest movement and terrorist bombing attacks iReporters on the frontlines offer their views of the unrest Despite violence , Nigerians say they remain hopeful about their country 's future Activists say they hope protests will mark a turning point in Nigeria 's history
CNN  President Obama admitted Friday that his basketball game is suffering and he prefers golf nowadays , but for Attorney General Eric Holder it 's nothing but net . In a town hall event Friday , President Obama said he 's fallen a long way from his days "  dominating " the court . "  I 'll be honest with you , my game is a little broke , " Obama said . "  I 've been a little busy , and what happens is that , sort of , the risk-reward ratio starts shifting . " Holder , however , is seen sinking the ball with ease in a YouTube video posted Friday . On Thursday , Holder was in San Francisco to visit the Willie Mays Boys & Girls Club , where he played a pickup game with local police officers and teens . As Holder finishes up his six-year term , expected to be replaced by attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch , he does n't seem too worried about his skills . "  I 'm finished , guys , " Holder said as he high-fived another player after his shot . "  I 'm going out on top . " White House adviser Valerie Jarrett tweeted out the video , challenging Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , who played basketball while attending Harvard , to show his own skills . Obama , on the other hand , was thinking back to his 2008 campaign for the presidency , when he would squeeze in pickup games whenever he could . At a campaign event in 2008 he played a three-on-three game refereed by WNBA star Tamika Catchings . When asked about the possibility of playing Catchings in a one-on-one game , he was less than confident . "  She was a witness to my domination on the court , but when it comes to me playing her one-on-one , at this point I 'm not sure . " The President probably remembers all too well when one basketball game resulted in an injury . In 2010 , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the President received a dozen stitches after getting hit with an errant elbow during a Friday morning basketball game with White House aide Reggie Love and others at Fort McNair military base in Washington . Although there 's been no sign of any other recent basketball-related injuries , the President said he 's wary of taking the risk . "  The chances of an Achilles tear or an ACL injury is increasing each month , and then the satisfaction I get from playing diminishes because I 'm so bad , " the President said . "  I think golf , likelihood of injury much lower . But I still love the game . I still love the game . " Catchings , however , is ready . Friday afternoon she tweeted : "  I 'm game LOL "	President Obama says he leans more toward playing golf these days Meanwhile , outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder draws oohs and ahhs on the basketball court
Editor 's note : This is an excerpt from Jane Velez-Mitchell 's new book "  iWant " published by HCI Books . Velez-Mitchell anchors "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " on HLN nightly at 7 p.m. ET . Jane Velez-Mitchell writes about her journey from addiction and overconsumption to a simpler , honest life . This is the story of my ch ... ch ... changes , which took me from insanity to clarity , from egocentricity to altruism , from alcoholism to activism . These changes have marked an evolution in what I want from this life . I am what I want . What I seek to consume , possess , and achieve is a mirror that reflects my lusts and cravings , values and priorities , and moral boundaries or lack thereof . I am happy to say that what I want today is much less toxic and self-centered than what I used to want . It 's taken decades of self-examination to peel back the layers and figure out what really makes me happy . And while I 'm still searching for my ultimate bliss , I know for sure it 's not what I once thought it was . It 's not alcohol , cigarettes , money , food , sugar , or status symbols : I 've consumed all of those in massive quantities , and they 've just made me miserable . Now , I want what ca n't be tasted , smoked , worn , seen , or counted . It 's the opposite of material . As sappy as it might sound , what I want is spiritual . Watch Jane talk about her new book " The shift from material to spiritual is a particular challenge in our culture . We have allowed ourselves to be defined by our consumption , instead of by our ability to move beyond it . To keep consumers consuming , the corporate culture has brainwashed us into thinking we can change ourselves by changing what we buy , which pills we pop , what type of booze we swill , what gated community we join , what kind of golf clubs we swing , and what kind of cancer sticks we dangle between our lips . We 've been told that certain consumer choices say a lot about us , that they reveal our character . If we 've stepped up to a more prestigious brand , we 've changed for the better . Nonsense ! We can not consume our way into personal growth . Yet , millions of us have bought into this cynical concept of faux identity . If you keep buying the "  latest and the greatest " but feel like you 're stuck in the same place , you 're just changing labels , and that 's not changing . That 's rearranging . Real change occurs on the emotional , psychological , and spiritual levels , not in a shopping mall , a car dealership , online , at the drugstore , at the liquor store , or at the fast-food joint . For too long , we have allowed ourselves to be manipulated by forces whose sole purpose is PROFIT and POWER . We have given advertisers leave to claim that inanimate objects have spiritual qualities . One ad , in perhaps the world 's most prestigious newspaper , urges us to buy an expensive diamond by insisting that such a purchase will feed the soul , lift the spirit , and increase our resolve to achieve whatever we wish . Really ? How exactly does a diamond feed the soul ? It 's absurd ! This is false advertising . Today , as a culture , we are awash in false advertising . As a society , we 've lent legitimacy to these patent lies by literally buying into them . As a result of this unnecessary , self-indulgent consumption , we 've gone a long way toward destroying our natural environment with our waste . Perhaps most important , by obsessing about material things , we 've cheated ourselves out of the most fundamental aspect of the human experience : real experiences that result in real growth . Unlike diamonds , meaningful experiences can actually feed the soul , resulting in self-development and self-knowledge . Authentic change has allowed me to gradually learn why I 'm here experiencing this existence as well as what I am destined to contribute during my lifetime . For me , meaningful change has been about getting sober , becoming honest , and adopting a new attitude . Sobriety has allowed me to shift the criteria I use for all the decisions I make from an ego-based formula of what 's in it for me to a more evolved formula based on compassion for other people , other living creatures , and our environment . It 's an ongoing struggle , and there are many times when I fail . But I keep trying . This book is my story of how I 've progressed from self-obsession to a life that I hope will count . In the tradition of the Twelve Steps created by Alcoholics Anonymous , I 'm going to lay out what it was like , what happened to change me , and what it 's like now . For thirty years as a television news reporter , I 've been recounting other people 's mostly sordid stories . Frankly , the prospect of airing my own dirty laundry scares the wits out of me . The very thought of this sparks a flood of memories , primarily featuring the many stupid and embarrassing things I 've done over the years , especially before I got sober . My face burns at the prospect of sharing some of these memories with you . I know we 're all only as sick as our secrets . By pouring out the intimate details of my personal history , I am trying to get healthier through honesty . Still , I ca n't help but wonder if you really have to know every single one of my secrets . Is that what is meant by rigorous honesty ? These thoughts swirl through my mind as I huddle under my covers unable to sleep ... ... There 's so much to tell . But would you want to know everything about my personal struggles ? You may simply be reading this book because you 're interested in my life , and for that I thank you . But if you identify with my story , then we will both learn from my experience . That is the essence of all recovery programs . Many of the battles I 'm fighting , the compulsions I 'm struggling to conquer , are the same as those experienced by many of my friends , relatives , coworkers , and neighbors . Some struggle with overeating , with alcohol or drugs , with workaholism , with codependency , with compulsive spending , with gambling , with sex addiction , or with facing the truth about themselves -- whatever that truth may be . And virtually everyone I know , including myself , suffers from generic overconsumption -- a chronic craving for more of everything that is poisoning our lives , not to mention our oceans , skies , and forests . My friend once called himself a tornado of consumption . That description fits most Americans . Sadly , we 're a nation of addicts . For a multitude of reasons -- our health , our finances , and our environment , among them -- we need to take immediate action to reduce our collective consumption levels . Unfortunately , addicts do n't respond to reason or rationality . Just as you ca n't reason with a drunk who is on a binge , we are not going to lecture our way out of America 's consumption mess . Fortunately , there are proven recovery methods out there that can help us get a handle on our addictive consumption . I 've used them to deal with my plethora of addictions , and I will share these techniques with you while I tell you my story . From IWANT by Jane Velez-Mitchell . Available wherever books are sold . Copyright  2009 Jane Velez-Mitchell . All Rights Reserved .	Jane Velez-Mitchell writes of her journey from addiction to a simpler , honest life She says it 's taken decades of self-examination to find out what makes her happy Velez-Mitchell : "  Change occurs on the emotional , psychological , and spiritual levels "
ABECHE , Chad  CNN  -- Most of the 103 children that a French charity attempted to take to France from Chad for adoption are neither Sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on Thursday . Hundreds of women protest child trafficking and shout anti-French slogans Wednesday in Abeche , Chad . Six members of Zoe 's Ark were arrested last week as they tried to put the children on a plane to France , where the charity said host families were waiting to take the children in . Three French journalists , a seven-member Spanish flight crew and one Belgian were also arrested . Representatives of the journalists and flight crew said they were unaware of problems with Zoe 's Ark and thought they were on a humanitarian mission . Chadian President Idriss Deby hopes the journalists and the flight crew will be freed , his chief of staff , Mahamat Hissene , said Thursday . The president would legally be able to intervene in the case if it is transferred from a judge in the eastern city of Abeche , where the children were taken , to a judge in N'Djamena , the capital , Hissene said . The transfer will take place Monday , according to media reports . The International Red Cross Committee , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees and UNICEF said most of the children were living with their families before Zoe 's Ark took them . The charity said the children were Sudanese orphans that it was trying to rescue from a war-torn nation . The agencies said most of the children also probably come from Chadian villages along Chad 's border with Sudan . The children have been living in an orphanage in Abeche while authorities and aid agencies try to determine their identities . Watch a report on whether the children are orphans " Chadian authorities immediately accused the charity of kidnapping the children and concealing their identities . Chad 's interior minister said Zoe 's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips to make them look like refugees who needed medical help . The charity workers and journalists have been charged with kidnapping and extortion and could face 20 years of hard labor if convicted . The Spaniards and Belgian are charged with complicity . The Spanish flight crew is innocent and should be released , a company executive said Thursday . "  We thought we were doing a humanitarian transport , " said Antoni Cajal , sales director of Spain 's Gir Jet charter firm . "  If an NGO -LSB- nongovernmental organization -RSB- has done something wrong , it 's impossible for us to know . " Spain 's Foreign Ministry has publicly expressed its disagreement with the charges and has dispatched top diplomats to Chad to try to win the group 's release . Over the weekend , the captain appealed urgently to be rescued , fearing the crew could be harmed or killed , Cajal said . But the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , Cajal said , based on his conversations with a Spanish consular official who came from Cameroon to Chad and has been able to visit them . The detention is the first problem of its kind for the company , which hopes government negotiations can resolve the issue , Cajal said . On its Web site , Zoe 's Ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in Paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in France , who then apply for asylum on their behalf . The Red Cross , UNHCR and UNICEF said the 21 girls and 82 boys range in age from about 1 year to about 10 , and they are healthy . The agencies said they have been interviewing the children individually to determine their backgrounds . "  So far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from Chadian villages near the cities of Adre and Tine along the Chadian-Sudanese border , " the agencies said . "  Ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , " the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing . The agencies called their investigation painstaking and challenging because of the number of children , their youth and the situation in the region . Other French charities earlier had questioned whether Zoe 's Ark could legally arrange adoption of children from Darfur , and contacted French authorities , according to French newspapers and The Associated Press . French authorities have reacted angrily to the Zoe 's Ark trip , calling the group 's actions "  illegal and irresponsible . " The French Foreign Ministry has said the dispute will not affect France 's participation in a European peacekeeping force due to be deployed along the border between Chad and Sudan . In response to the dispute in Chad , the Republic of Congo said late Wednesday it was suspending all international adoptions , The Associated Press reported . Reporters Without Borders said it will work for the release of the three journalists arrested in Chad . The organization said photographers Marc Garmirian of the Capa news agency and Jean-Daniel Guillou of the Synchro X agency were on assignment for their news organizations and were not part of the charity 's efforts . The third journalist , Marie-Agnes Peleran of the TV station France 3 Miditerranee , was traveling with the group in a personal capacity , though she carried a camera from her station , Reporters Without Borders said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Chadian president wants journalists , flight crew released Red Cross , UNICEF , UNHCR interview children that charity tried to fly out of Chad Most are not from Sudan and have families , agencies say Six members of Zoe 's Ark , 11 others under arrest in Chad
CNN  -- In six hours , a person might walk 18 or so miles . By car , it could be 350-plus miles . A commercial airplane might get as far as 3,400 miles . A spaceship ? In that much time , you could get from Earth to the International Space Station . That 's what happened with a Soyuz TMA-08M spacecraft , which launched from Kazakhstan at 4:43 p.m. ET Thursday , or 2:43 a.m. Friday local time , with three soon-to-be space station crew members on board . NASA mission control declared "  contact and capture confirmed " at 10:28 p.m. ET -- four minutes earlier than planned -- indicating the spacecraft had successfully docked . This six-hour jaunt was exponentially faster than the normal two-day adventure that astronauts and cosmonauts typically take to get to the ISS . That 's because , while the live-in orbiter is a mere 250 miles from Earth , it 's always moving -- so it 's not a simple matter of going from Point A to Point B. That 's why it has traditionally taken so long to get there , with the spacecraft going round the Earth every 90 or so minutes , which works out to about 16 total before docking . More space news on CNN Light Years But this go around , the Soyuz only orbited four times before hooking up with the space station . "  We 're trying to cut that amount of time that they had to be in those close quarters , " NASA spokesman Kelly Humphries said , noting the spacecraft has a basic bathroom but little living space . " ... They may be sharper now , if they 'd have to take over the docking . " SpaceX ` Dragon ' capsule returns from ISS trip The NASA spokesman explained that equipment and computer software upgrades , among other factors , helped to make Thursday 's historically fast flight possible . And it 's possible space officials might decide that the longer , old-fashioned way -- allowing the crew to get its space legs over two days , however cramped they might be -- is preferable , depending on how this mission goes , Humphries said . This pioneering , fast-track crew was made up Pavel Vinogradov and Aleksandr Misurkin from Russia 's space agency , as well as NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy . With their voyage complete -- and once the space station 's hatches open for them , scheduled for soon after midnight -- they 'll have plenty of time to get comfy : They are scheduled to remain on the orbiter for about six months before heading home . READ MORE : Chinese space debris hits Russian satellite , scientists say INTERACTIVE : Images from space track relentless spread of humanity	NEW : The spacecraft docks at 10:28 p.m. ET after flight of less than six hours Up until now , it would take two days for crews to go from Earth to the space station The spacecraft orbited Earth four times before docking , compared to the usual 16 orbits Its three-member crew will remain on the space station through September
CNN  -- I met Shannon last year when she had just arrived in Los Angeles from her hometown of Salt Lake City with her 10-month-old baby . I was surprised to learn why she left the predominantly Mormon state known for its clean , healthy lifestyle to move to a city known for life 's excesses . The young mother said she was trying to escape from what she called "  an epidemic . " She said that Utah "  was drowning in prescription pill addiction . " Shannon divulged that she had actually been abusing heroin for some time , but -- as with most people with addiction problems in Utah -- it all started with pills . Out of all 50 states , Utah ranks eighth in the number of prescription drugs overdose deaths , according to Susannah Burt with the state 's Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health . And , despite a dip in 2008 , the number of pill-related deaths in Utah over the past decade has increased by 400 % , according to Burt . I have always thought Utah had low levels of addiction because of the influence of its large Mormon population -- more than 60 % of those living there are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints . I 've even known Mormons there who do n't drink coffee in deference to their religion 's "  Word of Wisdom , " a health law that strongly discourages people from consuming things that are harmful to their bodies . You 'd have to be hiding under a rock to not know how highly addictive prescription pills can be . And people in Utah , who have statistically speaking been successful at maintaining healthier lives , are no less vulnerable . In fact , because medications are prescribed by a physician , the assumption often is that they 're OK . Many people who 've been able to maintain diligence in upholding the LDS Word of Wisdom have fallen victim to pill addiction because of the gray area that doctor-prescribed pills inhabit . While the Mormon church hierarchy certainly is n't proud of the exploding numbers , it did n't hide from the issue , giving us access to talk to those dealing with the struggles of addiction . Earlier this year , we spent 12 days in Utah with church leaders and people in recovery as well as people deep in the throes of addiction . I met people who wore their hearts on their sleeves who shared some of their most painful moments . They allowed me into their worlds because they acknowledge pill addiction is a huge problem within their community and they know they need help . The people I spent time with are incredibly brave -- particularly Shannon who I 'm happy to report has been clean for quite awhile now . I will always be grateful for their courage in sharing their stories .	Utah has seen a dramatic increase in pill-related deaths Lisa Ling explores the issue in this week 's episode of her new CNN show She talked to Mormon church leaders and those recovering from addiction Watch "  This is Life with Lisa Ling " Sundays at 10 p.m. ET/PT
CNN  -- On a walk through Central Park about a decade ago , Bob Staake noticed a bird swooping from branch to branch , as if to follow a group of kids walking below . Maybe it was a trick of the eye , something people see and forget . Staake , a writer and illustrator , could n't shake it . "  I thought , ` Boy , that 's a good story , ' " he said . It was fully formed in his mind : It could be a children 's book . The place would be New York , with flashes of Columbus Circle , Central Park , even the World Trade Center towers . The illustrations would be almost monochromatic , all blues and grays . The story would be wordless , "  of course . " It would follow a lonely boy and his bluebird friend through joy and wonder , then fear and loss at the hands of bullies . For years , the idea went nowhere . Staake had other projects and obligations -- books to write , New Yorker covers to draw -- and besides , he was sure nobody would publish it . "  Let me get this straight , " he knew any editor would ask , "  the bird dies ? " Early drafts of the art drew attention on Facebook , including the eyes of an editor at Schwartz & Wade Books , an imprint of Random House Children 's Books . "  Bluebird " hit bookstore shelves this spring . Since then , Staake has been on the road , "  reading " the book to kids and adults -- describing the images , and letting listeners come to their own conclusions about what happens to the bird , boy and bullies . Wordless picture books have had a big few years . Several won the Caldecott Medal for picture book artwork , including "  A Ball for Daisy " in 2012 , "  The Lion and the Mouse " in 2010 and "  Flotsam " in 2007 . Even Staake , who wrote and illustrated children 's books "  The Donut Chef " and "  The First Pup , " was surprised by the details kids spotted in his drawings -- and the variety of ways people interpreted his story . "  Kids are far more intelligent than we give them credit for , " he said from his studio in Cape Cod . "  Whether you 're a child or an adult , it 's so universal , it resonates with everyone . " Between work on magazine covers , newspaper illustrations and a new picture book about a child who has a book for a pet , here 's what Staake had to say about "  Bluebird . " CNN : You said "  of couse " the story would be wordless -- why ? Bob Staake : Never in the history of children 's literature has a 5-year-old walked into a bookstore and laid down $ 18 for a picture book . These are precious items that are passed down from an adult that has a wallet in his or her pants . You have to find a way to resonate with the adult . But beyond that , kids look . They do n't read a book . They look at a book . It 's as worthwhile to look at pictures as it is to read words . As a kid  , I would pull books out of the library , I 'd look at National Geographic and dream about those incredible places . I did n't necessarily read the words . You can tell his broad story page to page to page by simply having a child inferring . It 's a magical thing . We should all be so lucky to have a book that 's so open-ended that it 's ripe for interpretations all over the place . CNN : What do you think of all the ways people have interpreted the book and its ending ? Staake : When I read it , I describe what 's occurring on every page .  Kids  just go slack-jawed when they see the bird hit by the stick thrown by the bully . I say the little bird flies off and disappears by the cloud and you decide what happens . "  Does the bird die ? Does the bird fly away ? Does the bird go to heaven ? What happens to the boy in the sky ? Does he fly up with his friend ? " Getting a kid to read a book and ask questions , that 's where we want all these books to be . That 's an awesome thing . I 'm an agnostic . I do n't know what happens at the end of the book , but that does n't matter . If people want to see it as a story about God , that 's great . Heaven , great . I view it as a story about loss . I feel like the book could help families who are dealing with real , painful loss . The vast majority of people look at it and they do have their own interpretation , their own personal relationship with it . You determine how that book ends . CNN : Even if you see hope in the book , it still tackles pretty heavy themes for a picture book . Staake : If you 've got your eyes wide open , you remember those less-than-beautiful moments in your childhood , when you were faced with these eye-opening lessons : People can be completely ridiculously obnoxious . It can be painful stuff . If I was bullied by a kid , they found out I could draw and all of a sudden , I was drawing cartoon characters for them . In a lot of ways , people might say "  You let them get their way . " I let them see what was beyond . They could appreciate that I had something that was really unique . Crazy , here I am a 55-year-old author , I constantly have to think back to 5 , to Redondo Beach , California , those lessons I learned as a kid . CNN : What was it like to create the bullies and show how they changed after they hurt the bluebird ? Staake : It 's a tough thing to pull off . The bullies could not believe what they did . You infer that through the expressions . Those kids will never , ever bully again -- that 's the way I view it . Those were really difficult scenes . I had to make sure they were remorseful . They know they pushed it too far , and they will never do it again . They run off in complete shame . Kids get it . CNN : How did you know kids would get it ? Staake : They completely get it . I do n't care if I talk to kindergartners or prekindergarten . Everything that happens in "  Bluebird " I went through as a kid . Every kid does . There 's no kid who is n't bullied , no kid who does n't encounter kids who are completely irrational , gang mentality , no kid who does n't look in the world , who does n't have these moments of A-W-E awe . The best children 's books come from the heart of the author . It sounds so trite and ridiculous , but if I ca n't go ahead and pull out from the depths of my childhood that experience that little Bobby Staake had , it does n't have soul .	"  Bluebird " is writer and illustrator Bob Staake 's new wordless children 's book The book follows a lonely boy and his bluebird friend , even as bullies threaten them Staake : "  Kids are far more intelligent than we give them credit for "
The artificially chilled halls of the U.S. Capitol this week are a sort of an out-of-body experience . Thoughts of the month-long August break from Washington permeate nearly every encounter and phone call . It is as if lawmakers have been strapped to their desks for months . But a CNN analysis shows Congress has spent less time on Capitol Hill so far this year than in any of the previous five years . House members have been in Washington for 56 % of all non-holiday weekdays -- essentially , fewer than three days a week . Senators have walked into the Capitol for 61 % of weekdays . The weeks are not just shorter , but consistently so . The Senate did not have a single five-day work week in Washington for the first seven months of the year . The House had two . Boehner juggles assault on Obamacare , avoiding shutdown CNN counted days that lawmakers were in Washington excluding "  pro-forma " sessions , which are technically considered work days but last only a few minutes and are usually ignored by members . The number of congressional work days now is significantly less than the high point of 2009 . That 's when the Senate met for 113 days before the August recess , which is 24 days more than the same period this year . The House met for 19 more days in 2009 compared to this year . At that time , Barack Obama was just beginning his presidency and Democrats led both chambers and pushed an aggressive agenda . The time spent by members in Washington dropped sharply the following year and has decreased nearly every year since with each party controlling one house and partisanship defining the political climate . CNN Money : Congress OKs cheaper student loans So Congress is definitely in Washington less . But there is a debate over how much that matters . Longtime congressman Lee Hamilton takes one view . Strongly . "  They do n't spend enough time in Washington , " he said , frustrated , "  They do n't get to know each other . When they do interact , they are often in confrontational settings . ... Legislation is a very complex process . It takes a lot of time , a lot of give-and-take and you can not force it . " Hamilton , a Democrat who served in the House from 1965 to 1999 , now runs the Center on Congress at Indiana University . He believes the shorter window in Washington squeezes out the heavy lifting of lawmaking and that a lawmaker 's hours in the Capitol are filled with meet-and-greets , fundraisers and receptions instead of legislative work . "  It got to the point when I was there , " Hamilton recalled , "  that I had 15 appointments on Tuesdays . You ca n't get legislating done in that environment . " But others question whether more time in Washington would change anything . "  I ca n't imagine that they 'd be anymore productive if they were here more , " said Mike Tanner , senior fellow at the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute . "  It 's not like they do a lot when they 're here . " Tanner stresses that most major legislation is currently worked out behind closed doors by a few leaders and members of each chamber . While some in Congress , like Rep. Scott Rigell , R-Virginia , want to cancel August recess and force a work session , Tanner thinks such a move would achieve nothing . "  Sitting here in August while the leadership meets behind closed doors would n't do much , " he concluded . Gamesmanship intensifies as Congress approaches August recess Members of Congress themselves seem divided . "  The real problem is that when we 're here , we 're not doing anything , " said Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Oregon . "  You 're actually better off back home because you can work with people , you can deal with the folks you represent , deal with their questions and gather more information ... for when people decide when we are going to get back to work . " But fellow Democrat Rep. Brad Schneider , D-Illinois , when asked if Congress needs to be in Washington more replied , "  Yeah , I think it 's important we address the challenges we face as a country . The reason I came here was to tackle those challenges . " Conservatives like Tanner are happy for Congress to stay out of town , theorizing that a better government is one that does less . The office of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , which schedules the calendar in that chamber , defended the time away from Washington . "  It 's critical for members to have district work periods to hear from their constituents on a variety of matters , " said Cantor spokeswoman Megan Whittemore , "  including chronic unemployment , the next steps toward addressing immigration and our debt crisis . " Whittemore stressed that the House has been active , passing legislation on student loans , job training , the Keystone pipeline , cybersecurity and other measures . The office of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did not respond to CNN 's questions about that chamber 's schedule . Whatever votes either chamber has taken , neither has found time to fully deal with two looming fiscal crises . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew has indicated the nation could hit its borrowing limit as soon as Labor Day . And funding for much of the federal government is due to run out on September 30 , raising the possibility of a government shutdown without a resolution . As Congress leaves for August recess , most funding bills remain in limbo and there is no outline or even talks over how to address the borrowing limit , or debt ceiling . CNNMoney : Debt ceiling awaits Some say that when members return in September , the logistics of the calendar will make things harder . "  The schedule  is very poorly arranged to get things done , " said Bill Galston , chair of the Brookings Institution 's Governance Studies Program . "  It 's a series of starts and stops , punctuated by flights to and from fundraisers and their districts . " Galston and a bipartisan organization he works with called "  No Labels " would rather see Congress stay in town for three consecutive weeks and then recess for a full week . That 's similar to what House Republicans initially planned when they took over the chamber - two weeks in Washington and one week at home . Instead , though , the 2013 House calendar is dotted with small clusters of time and , as CNN found , a rate of being in town of 56 percent . That is the average , for long spans of time it can be less . In January , for example , the House was in the capital just seven days . The Senate 10 . King hammers away at Paul in GOP infighting	CNN analysis shows Congress has been in Washington less this year than anytime in at least five years The House has averaged fewer than three days a week in town The Senate has met 24 days less than the same period in 2009 Experts debate whether more time in Washington would produce better decisions
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy may have already wrapped up the money list title , but two veteran golfers have much to play for on the final day of the European Tour season 's penultimate event in Hong Kong . Miguel Angel Jimenez , at 48 seeking to become the tour 's oldest winner , finished the third round tied for the lead with 43-year-old Michael Campbell -- whose last victory came in 2005 , the year he won his only major . "  I love to be in contention . It 's been a long time since I 've been there , " said Jimenez , who has won 11 of his 18 European Tour titles since turning 40 but has not triumphed in more than two years . Jimenez , who was one of Jose Maria Olazabal 's vice-captains in Europe 's Ryder Cup victory in September , carded two-under-par 68 to join Campbell on 10-under 200 overall in a tournament he won in 2004 and 2007 . No. 1 McIlroy misses the cut in HK Irishman Des Smyth was 48 years and 34 days old when he won the Madeira Island Open in 2001 , while Jimenez will turn 49 on January 5 . "  I like to be in contention on this golf course and you have to have patience and let everything happen , " said the Spaniard , who led after a first-round 65 . "  That 's what 's going to happen tomorrow , stay patient because anyone can win . " Campbell is resurrecting his career this year , having fallen out of the top 1,000 rankings at one stage following his breakthrough win at the U.S. Open and subsequent victory at the World Match Play Championship later in 2005 . "  Today was sort of scrappy ; apart from a couple of drives , it was pretty average really , " said the New Zealander , who is now ranked 339th . He is 83rd in the Race To Dubai standings following a third-place finish in Portugal last month , but outside the top 60 who qualify for the season-ending World Tour Championship in Dubai . "  I just managed to grind out a score , which is very important with me not playing so well . I turned a 73 into a 69 , which is always nice , " said Campbell , who led by one shot at the halfway stage while defending champion McIlroy missed the cut . "  Miguel is playing great golf , and he 's won this twice before and he 's the man to beat . " They have a one-shot lead from young Italian star Matteo Manassero -- who won last weekend in Singapore as McIlroy wrapped up a money list double -- and China 's Zhang Lian-wei . "  Last week really made me relax a lot on the golf course , and these three rounds and my position coming into this Sunday is certainly due to and what happened last week - I 've got more freedom , " said the 19-year-old Manassero , who shot 64 on Saturday to surge up 10 places . Zhang matched Campbell 's 69 , but Sweden 's Fredrik Andersson Hed dropped back to fifth on 202 after a 70 . Two more veterans were three shots behind the leaders , with 38-year-old Irishman Peter Lawrie tied with 42-year-old Dane Anders Hansen as both seek to end a wait of more than three years for their second and third respective European Tour titles . Meanwhile , Sweden 's Henrik Stenson took a three-shot lead into Sunday 's final round of the SA Open . The 36-year-old was being chased by South Africa 's George Coetzee , who fired nine-under 63 to hold hopes of winning his national title and his first on the European Tour . Ryder Cup winner Ian Poulter will battle with home hope Adam Scott in the final round of the Australian Masters , as the Englishman held a one-shot lead in his bid to follow up his win at the WGC-HSBC Champions tournament in China earlier this month . Former world No. 1 Luke Donald of England took a four-shot lead into Sunday 's final 18 holes at the Dunlop Phoenix tournament in Japan .	Miguel Angel Jimenez joins Michael Campbell in share of the lead in Hong Kong Jimenez will become European Tour 's oldest winner if he clinches victory on Sunday Spaniard , 48 , has won the tournament twice before but is two years without a title Former U.S. Open champion Campbell , 43 , has not won a tournament since 2005
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A mentally disabled man testified Monday he was once kept in a closet that was nailed shut by a woman at the helm of an alleged fraud and abuse scheme . Edwin Sanabria , 31 , also said he did not receive his Social Security checks once he began living with Linda Weston in 2001 . Sanabria testified at the preliminary hearing for Weston , 51 , Gregory Thomas , 47 , Eddie Wright , 49 , and Jean McIntosh , 32 . All four are facing charges including kidnapping , aggravated assault , criminal conspiracy and false imprisonment for holding four people in the sub-basement of a Philadelphia apartment building . McIntosh , the daughter of Weston , the alleged ringleader , remained animated throughout the hearing , shaking her head , whispering with her attorney and breaking down into tears during Sanabria 's testimony . The four mentally disabled adults held captive -- Sanabria , Herbert Knowles , Tamara Breeden and Derwin McLemire -- were found in October locked in the sub-basement room with no food and only a bucket for a toilet . The pitch-black , 13-by-7 foot space houses what police described as a former boiler used to heat the building . A penetrating stench of urine and feces still hung in the chamber days after the discovery . McLemire had been chained to the boiler , police said . "  I used the bucket to go to the bathroom . Others used the same bucket , " Sanabria testified Monday , pointing to an enlarged photo of the sub-basement . When asked where he took a bath , he said they "  used the same bucket we used to urinate in . " Sanabria said he and the others were in the basement for 10 days . He said he traveled to Philadelphia with Weston from West Palm Beach , Florida . Prosecutors showed a number of photos of the alleged victims covered in various scars , scabs and lacerations after their discovery . All appeared extremely malnourished . Police Officer John Murphy testified about discovering the victims and leading them out after the building 's landlord cut McLemire 's chain . "  The stench in the room and on their person was unbearable , " Murphy said . When asked to describe the smell in the basement , he said , "  Basically , death . " He added that McLemire 's chain was barely hanging on him because he was so thin . All four defendants appeared in court . Weston , who remained expressionless during the daylong hearing , wore her orange prison jumpsuit . The others wore street clothes , and McIntosh wore a hijab , or Muslim head covering . Crime scene police Officer John Tuggart testified the alleged victims had 21.5 square feet per person of living space while in the sub-basement . He described the sound of the door to the sub-basement closing as being "  like a meat locker , the way it rattles and shuts . " Tuggart added that the victims "  seemed relieved to be somewhere they were being taken care of " at the hospital where they received treatment . The suspects also face charges including assault , terrorist threats , neglect of a care-dependent person and theft by deception . Weston served prison time in the 1980s for killing her sister 's boyfriend by locking him in a closet and refusing to feed him . Court documents show Bernardo Ramos , 25 , was fed only four times while locked in the closet over the two-month period . He died in 1981 , at which point he weighed less than 75 pounds . His body was found in an abandoned building after it was wheeled there in a baby carriage , according to the documents . The defendants will return to court Tuesday .	Edwin Sanabria says he and three others were kept in a sub-basement for 10 days Four suspects face a laundry list of charges in the case A police officer testifies the sub-basement smelled like "  death "
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Christina Applegate , who plays Samantha on "  Samantha Who ? " would make approximately $ 145 , 051 . The guys from HBO 's comedy series "  Entourage " have it pretty good . Lounging by the pool every day , buying  and selling  movies , last-minute trips to Vegas , driving luxury cars , private jets with Kanye West to Cannes , France ... no big deal . What I 'd like to know is how do they afford it ? Last I checked , Vincent Chase , whose character is an up-and-coming actor , was making a good chunk of money ; but he 's also spending a lot . He 's paying his half-brother , Emmy-nominated Johnny "  Drama " to be his personal chef and trainer ; he finances E 's career as his manager ; and as for Turtle ... well , he spends whatever money he has on illegal substances . So how do they do it ? Easy -- they 're fictional characters . In real-life , money does n't grow on trees like it seems to on Hollywood Boulevard . Would our favorite characters ' lavish lifestyles make it in on the other side of the TV screen ? Here 's a look at what some of this year 's Emmy-nominated TV characters would make in the real world : Dexter Morgan , "  Dexter " -- Forensics expert Real-life median salary : $ 47,680 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Dexter  Michael C. Hall  only uses his job as a forensic blood spatter analyst as a cover for his night-time job -- as a serial killer who kills bad guys . Even though he earns a decent amount , we 're pretty sure money is not his top priority -- it 's getting rid of the bad guys . Samantha Newly , "  Samantha Who ? " -- Vice president , real estate firm Real-life median salary : $ 145 , 051 , according to CBSalary.com . The "  old " Samantha  Christina Applegate  was only concerned about money , cars and designer clothes , which her six-figure salary supported . But "  new " Samantha has far different interests , which include becoming a better person while living -- for free -- at mom and dad 's . Whichever lifestyle she continues , it 's likely it wo n't break her bank account . Don Draper , "  Mad Men " -- Creative director , advertising agency Real-life median salary : $ 41,379 , according to CBSalary.com . As a successful businessman in the 1960s , Don  Jon Hamm  would probably make less than today 's median salary . Despite that , he certainly made enough to cover the expenses of his "  picture-perfect " lifestyle -- featuring cigarettes and liquor , a wife and two kids , and his extramarital affairs . Olive Snook , "  Pushing Daisies " -- Waitress Real-life median salary : $ 15,850 , according to the BLS . Presumably Olive  Kristin Chenowith  does n't rake in much additional money from tips from her services at The Pie Hole , the financially-failing restaurant where she works . Something tells us she 's not in it for the money -- she just wants to be near Ned , head pie maker and apple of her eye . Alan Harper , "  Two and a Half Men " -- Chiropractor Real-life median salary : $ 65,890 , according to the BLS . That salary combined with free room-and-board at his brother 's house on the beach , Alan  Jon Cryer  is probably doing just fine supporting himself and his son . What we ca n't figure out is why his brother Charlie  Charlie Scheen  , a mediocre jingle writer , is the one with the Oceanside villa and not Alan , the well-to-do chiropractor . Olivia Benson , "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " -- Detective , special victims unit Real-life median salary : $ 58 , 260 , according to the BLS . Olivia 's  Mariska Hargitay  salary as a detective in the SVU leaves a little room for personal luxury -- if she ever chooses to put herself before her job and indulge in herself a little . Walt White , "  Breaking Bad " -- High school chemistry teacher Real-life median salary : $ 49 , 420 , according to the BLS . Walt 's  Bryan Cranston  salary as a high school chemistry teacher is n't quite enough to pay for his chemotherapy treatments ; good thing he 's got a drug-dealing gig on the side that brings in enough to foot his hospital bills -- and then some . Dr. Gina Toll , "  In Treatment " -- Psychotherapist Real-life median salary : $ 180,000 for a psychiatrist , according to the BLS . "  A penny for your thoughts , " is an understatement for Gina  Dianne Wiest  . Even though she 's technically retired from her position as a therapist , based on this salary , she probably secured a nice nest egg and does n't need to charge her only client , Paul . Ned , "  Pushing Daisies " -- Head pie maker , general manager Real-life median salary : $ 21,241 , according CBSalary.com . Ned  Lee Pace  probably makes a little more than this as the owner of his restaurant , which is near broke . To pad his pockets in the meantime , Ned helps a private investigator bring murder victims back from the dead to gather details to solve their murders , collecting reward money in the end . That should be enough to buy pie ingredients for a lifetime . Christine Campbell , "  The New Adventures of Old Christine " -- Owner , women 's gym Real-life median salary : $ 55,201 for a health and fitness supervisor , according to CBSalary.com . As the owner of a women 's gym , Christine  Julia Louis-Dreyfus  probably makes upward of this listed salary . Whatever it is , it 's certainly enough to fund her text message costs for her weekly votes to "  American Idol . " Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Dexter Morgan , a forensics expert from "  Dexter , " would earn $ 47,680 in real life Walt White from "  Breaking Bad " deals drugs to support his teacher 's salary Dr. Gina Toll from "  In Treatment " would make $ 180,000 as a psychiatrist The jingle writer in "  Two and a Half Men " probably would n't own an oceanside villa
Being in the middle of an animal sanctuary in Jakarta , Indonesia was a huge change from the rugged Sumatran jungle where the Expedition : Sumatra crew and I had spent the last week and a half . We did n't set out to go to an animal sanctuary during Expedition : Sumatra . One of the local people we were working with suggested it while we were filming in the rainforest . We had a few hours in the schedule between leaving Jambi and flying out of Jakarta , so we decided to go see some of the animals we were n't able to see while we were exploring . Read more : The devastation of Indonesia 's forests We had a few obstacles to overcome , as usual , like rain and the nightmarish Jakarta traffic , but we arrived at Taman Safari Indonesia around lunchtime . At first , this seemed like a typical zoo tour . But , the head of Taman Safari Indonesia had other plans for us . We were going to see the highlight of the work being done at this facility : the animals bred in captivity to help preserve the species . We went to this small playroom which was the baby animal nursery . Here , there were a few caretakers and several Sumatran orangutan babies . There were also three baby cats : a leopard , a Bengal tiger and a Sumatran tiger . Philippe Cousteau and I did a debrief interview for the last show of Expedition : Sumatra and we talked about the experience at Taman Safari Indonesia . We did n't include it in the show , but he described the scene : "  We get in and the whole crew , everybody 's eyes just got big and there 's lots of giggling and energy . People were shaking . Oh my goodness . These are just the most adorable things on the planet . " Read more : The battle to save Sumatra 's elephants It 's an experience none of us will ever forget . Each of us was able to hold one of the tigers . We even talked about what it would be like to be baby animal caretakers . After the initial excitement wore off , Philippe reminded us that this is ultimately a sad situation . The Sumatran tiger cub had a defect in its back leg and was rejected by its mother . The orangutans were orphans . These animals will grow to adulthood and likely never live in the wild . The greater purpose of this nursery of babies is to make sure their species does n't go extinct . It 's a reminder of the tragic circumstances going on in the rainforst of Sumatra right now . If wildlife habitat can not be saved , this kind of facility could be the only place where Sumatran tigers , orangutans and elephants will live . But with all the efforts of those trying to preserve this habitat , I 'm hopeful that this worst case scenario will never become a reality . In 2011 : Black rhino declared extinct	Jenni Watts produced Expedition : Sumatra , CNN 's new environment special The team traveled round Indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country They visited an animal sanctuary and were amazed with what they found
RollingStone.com  -- Patti Smith won the 2010 National Book Award in the nonfiction category for her memoir "  Just Kids . " "  I dreamed of having a book of my own , of writing one that I could put on a shelf , " the singer said when accepting the award in New York Wednesday night . "  Please , no matter how we advance technologically , please do n't abandon the book . There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book . " The Rolling Stone interview : Patti Smith , 1996 "  Just Kids " recounts Smith 's relationship with the late photographer Robert Mapplethorpe in the late Sixties and early Seventies , and includes retellings of her encounters with Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , William Burroughs , the Andy Warhol crowd and other luminaries of the era . Smith and Mapplethorpe met in 1967 , when both were 20 , and lived together for five years , first as lovers and later platonically . During these years , the two spurred each other to new adventures in their respective fields : He as a photographer , she as a poet and later as a songwriter and musician . Photos : Random notes "  Just Kids , " Smith 's first memoir  she has issued several books of poetry ,  received rapturous reviews upon its release in January . National Book Award winners get a check for $ 10,000 and a bronze statue , but more importantly , prestige  and a sales boost  . Past winners include William Faulkner , Saul Bellow , Wallace Stevens , Ralph Ellison , W.H. Auden , Joan Didion , Gore Vidal and Philip Roth . The other finalists in the Non-Fiction category this year : Barbara Demick , with "  Nothing to Envy : Ordinary Lives in North Korea " ; John W. Dower , "  Cultures of War : Pearl Harbor , Hiroshima , 9-11 , Iraq " ; Justin Spring , "  Secret Historian : The Life and Times of Samuel Steward " ; and Megan K. Stack , "  Every Man in This Village Is a Liar : An Education in War . " Patti Smith wins National Book Award for memoir -LSB- New York Times -RSB- Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Just Kids " recounts Smith 's relationship with Robert Mapplethorpe The book is Smith 's first memoir , but she has issued several books of poetry National Book Award winners get a check for $ 10,000 and a bronze statue
EW.com  -- The guest cast for "  Sons of Anarchy 's " final season continues to grow . Courtney Love , who earned a Golden Globe nomination for 1996 $  s "  The People vs. Larry Flynt , " will do a multi-episode arc as Jax 's son Abel 's preschool teacher , Ms. Harrison . FX confirms she 'll make her first appearance in season 7 $  s fourth episode and that the character 's interest in Abel will rub his biological mother Wendy  series regular Drea de Matteo  the wrong way . TVLine first reported the casting . ` Sons of Anarchy ' casts Annabeth Gish as new sheriff Other new faces in season 7 will include "  The Bridge 's " Annabeth Gish , who 'll play new sheriff Althea Jarry , a veteran of Stockton 's Organized Crime Unit tasked with solving the murders of Tara and Eli , and Marilyn Manson , who 'll recur as Ron Tully , a white supremacist prison shot-caller who Jax uses to expand his power base . ` Sons of Anarchy ' : See full coverage Walton Goggins will also make a return as transgender escort Venus Van Dam . Watch the first teaser for the final season here . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Courtney Love will guest star in "  Sons of Anarchy 's " final season She has a multi-episode arc as a preschool teacher She joins other newcomers Annabeth Gish and Marilyn Manson
Financial Times  -- BT has achieved its biggest sporting coup yet over Sky , winning the rights to show Champions League football matches in a # 900 million  $ 1,442 million  deal . The deal , announced on Saturday , strikes at the heart of two decades of football broadcasting dominance by Sky . However , it is likely to raise questions about whether BT is paying too much for sports rights , to which it has now committed nearly # 2 billion  $ 3.2 billion  . The Champions League is Europe 's football premier club competition , and BT , Sky and ITV had all hoped to secure some coverage in this week 's tender . Under a three-year agreement starting in 2015 , BT will be the only broadcaster to show live Champions League and Europa League games in the UK , paying # 299 million  $ 479 million  per season . That is more than double what Sky and ITV currently pay for the same rights , suggesting that BT bid aggressively under its new chief executive Gavin Patterson . In the tender , ITV is thought to have bid about # 63 million  $ 101 million  per season to show one live game per round , representing an increase of less than one-fifth on its current deal . Sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion , but could not match BT . "  It seems BT chose to pay far in excess of our valuation , " a Sky spokesperson said in a statement . "  If we thought it was worth more , we 'd have paid more . " TV is part of BT 's broader strategy to win customers to its premium fibre broadband packages , which include the sports channels for free at present . The Champions League deal will significantly bolster its channels as serious rivals to Sky in the eyes of viewers and advertisers . BT 's shareholders will be keen to see clear returns from such significant investments from a group that has previously focused on cutting costs and streamlining its operations . The group last week revealed a good start in customer numbers , with about 2m people so far having signed up to its channels although the majority would have been existing BT customers . However , the sports rights acquisitions weighed on earnings , and analysts say it is still too early to judge the new sports TV strategy a success . ITV , which was also outbid for rights to FA Cup games by the BBC , had hoped that Uefa would continue to offer some rights to terrestrial television , where advertisers can garner a larger audience . BT has pledged to make some games , including the Champions League final , available free even to those who do not have its pay TV platform .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	The BT deal strikes at the heart of two decades of football broadcasting dominance by Sky It is likely to raise questions about whether BT is paying too much Sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion , but could not match BT BT has pledged to make some games free even to those who do not have its pay TV platform
CNN  Thai officials reiterated that the government is not cracking down on Cambodian workers in the country , as tens of thousands pour out of the country . Despite efforts to allay fears , about 180,000 Cambodians have fled Thailand since last week because of concerns over a possible crackdown on undocumented workers , according to estimates by International Organization for Migration , an intergovernmental organization on the issue . About 10,000 Cambodian migrants continue to flee from Thailand everyday , said Joe Lowry , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration . Combined with those who may have departed in private transport and cars , the number of those who 've left since last week could be closer to 200,000 , he said . Cambodian and Thai officials met Tuesday to discuss the issue , as thousands crammed into border towns , causing bottleneck congestion . "  People are in cramped area , in crowds of 3,000 to 4,000 , " Lowry said . "  It makes for an uneasy situation . " Chatter sparks fears Earlier this week , many Cambodian migrant workers departing from the Thai border town of Aranyaprathet , told CNN they had heard rumors of arrests and persecution -- an allegation that Thai authorities deny . "  We do n't have policies to arrest as has been widely reported , " said Colonel Winthai Suwaree , a spokesman for the Thai army . "  I do n't want us to get panicked . Initially , authorities will extend flexibilities and want to reassure that migrant workers can continue working as usual . " Winthai added that those who 've left can return to their work . "  But we would ask employers to make a list of their employees in case authorities want to examine if it 's necessary , " he said . The majority of the 2.2 million workers legally eligible to work in Thailand are from Myanmar with 1.7 million and Cambodia with 438,000 , according to the IOM . Thailand has a very low unemployment rate of 0.9 % , according to the National Statistical Official of Thailand . Many of the foreigners work low-paying jobs that Thais are unwilling to do , but they are often vulnerable to police harassment and exploitation , advocates say . The Thai government has encouraged undocumented workers in the country to "  seek employment through proper channels , " according to a statement . The junta plans to distribute leaflets in Khmer , Burmese and Laotian languages to explain their policies . Asia facing ` epidemic ' of worker deaths , report warns Post-coup panic Thailand has been under the control of the military since a coup in late May . Although tackling illegal migration has been one of the junta 's priorities , unease over the issue and the sudden change in the government may have fueled concerns and speculation , contributing to panic among Cambodian workers . It remains unclear where talk of a clampdown originated . Cambodia and Thailand have set up a hotline to handle the return of undocumented workers . Prior to the exodus , the IOM had estimated about 150,000 to 180,000 undocumented Cambodian workers in Thailand , which had been a "  conservative " number , said Lowry . "  The numbers  of Cambodian workers leaving  could be slowing down because there 's fewer people or because they started to stay . We do n't really know , " he said . In recent decades , relations between Cambodia and Thailand have been dogged by border issues , tensions over an area surrounding the ancient Preah Vihear temple , and the 2003 burning of the Thai embassy in Phnom Penh by rioters .	Organization : 180,000 Cambodian migrant workers leave Thailand Thailand and Cambodian government meet to discuss issue Thai army spokesman : Migrant workers can continue working as usual
CNN  -- A group of soccer stars have called for Israel to be stripped of hosting rights for a top European age-grade tournament next year following last month 's bomb attacks on Gaza . 52 players , including Eden Hazard , Papiss Cisse and Demba Ba signed a petition which was posted on the website of former English Premier League and Spanish La Liga striker Fredi Kanoute . "  We , as European football players , express our solidarity with the people of Gaza who are living under siege and denied basic human dignity and freedom , " the statement said . "  The latest Israeli bombardment of Gaza , resulting in the death of over a hundred civilians , was yet another stain on the world 's conscience . " American soccer star playing for Palestine It cited reports of a bomb attack by Israeli forces on a football stadium in Gaza on November 10 , which killed four teenage players , and said that two players from the club Al Amari had been detained in Israel "  without charge or trial " since February . "  It is unacceptable that children are killed while they play football . Israel hosting the UEFA Under-21 European Championship , in these circumstances , will be seen as a reward for actions that are contrary to sporting values , " the statement said . CNN has found no evidence that anyone was killed while playing football . But on November 10 as reported by CNN , four Palestinians were killed when Israeli tank fire hit a building east of Gaza City where mourners were gathered for a funeral , according to Palestinian medical sources . Israel said militants were targeted at several sites after an Israeli Defense Patrol came under attack , wounding four soldiers . The statement on Kanoute 's site adds : "  Despite the recent ceasefire , Palestinians are still forced to endure a desperate existence under occupation , they must be protected by the international community . All people have the right to a life of dignity , freedom and security . We hope that a just settlement will finally emerge . " Tel Aviv will host the European Under-21 Championship next June , when eight nations will compete in Israel . European football 's governing body UEFA has already rejected calls to move the tournament from pro-Palestine groups including the disputed territory 's football association . Refugee United : Palestinians debut at Homeless World Cup "  UEFA is an apolitical organization and  Israel  earned the right to host this competition through a fair , democratic vote , " UEFA president Michel Platini said in June . "  I am sure that it will be a beautiful celebration of football that , once again , will bring people together . " World football 's governing body FIFA also says it does not interfere in countries ' political affairs , but said it would help rebuild the stadium in Gaza -- as it did in 2006 following a similar attack . "  We see it our mandate to rebuild football infrastructure which has been destroyed , " FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke said last week . "  Football brings people together and we will support any reconstruction necessary when football infrastructure is destroyed through disasters . " Palestine : A national soccer team without a nation Valcke 's statement was criticized by Israeli media , which reported that the stadium was used by Hamas militants to fire rockets at Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . Palestine 's bid for recognition was boosted last week when the U.N. general assembly voted to upgrade its status to that of a non-member observer state -- a move which was opposed by Israel and the U.S. "  We came to the United Nations not to confront the U.S. and not to isolate Israel or to discriminate Israel . We came to preserve the two-state solution , " Chief Palestinian Negotiator Saeb Erakat told CNN 's Piers Morgan .	Top footballers protesting against Israel hosting of tournament Players sign petition asking UEFA to move European Under-21 event from Tel Aviv World football 's governing body FIFA plans to help rebuild damaged stadium
CNN  -- How do social media posts about a giant inflatable toad relate to criticism of a former Chinese President ? You just have to understand the secret language of Chinese netizens . The officials who installed the 72-feet-tall toad in a Beijing park two weeks ago likely wanted to attract tourists -- after all , golden toads are symbols of good luck and prosperity in China . The squatting toad floats on a giant lily pad as tourists ride boats to snap a closer picture . The toad 's designer told Chinese state media it was inspired by the giant inflatable Rubber Duck that graced several Chinese cities . As soon as the toad arrived , however , comparisons to former Chinese President Jiang Zemin almost immediately shot up on the popular Twitter-like social media service Sina Weibo . Government censors cracked down , and "  toad " is now among the most-censored words on the service . The comparison is n't just a joke about Jiang 's puffy cheeks -- it 's a way for Chinese people to communicate about Jiang , his legacy and the Communist Party . "  It 's kind of a hidden language , " said King-wa Fu , a University of Hong Kong journalism professor who studies Weibo censorship . "  The netizens in China have created new terms , jokes , and humor to try to communicate with others because they ca n't directly talk about the issue that they want to discuss . " Before the giant toad gained attention , people already referred to Jiang , who served as president for 10 years in the 1990 's and 2000 's , with the nickname "  toad " on Weibo . Photos of the giant toad spread that comparison much more widely . "  Even though it does n't really look like him , people find the association , " Fu said . "  It 's a common understanding " that when people say toad , they mean Jiang . Toad was among the top five censored words on multiple days over the last two weeks , according to Weiboscope , an online tool created by Fu and his fellow researchers that tracks censored posts and terms . Jiang , who presided over a rapidly-growing economy while pushing market reforms , is n't the only notable figure who has received an online nickname . Retired security czar Zhou Yongkang , who came under a corruption investigation this week , is referred to on Weibo as a popular brand of instant noodles that sounds similar to his name . Xi Jinping , China 's current president , is sometimes referred to by the name of his favorite pork bun , Fu said . "  There 's a very special kind of environment in China -- it 's censored but with a certain level of space for expressions , " Fu said . Humor fits in that space . And the toad is n't the first giant inflatable animal to merit government censorship . A heavily censored Weibo post last year played on the iconic Tiananmen Square photo of a man standing in front of a line of tanks by replacing the tanks with yellow Rubber Ducks . But the censors are often quick to catch onto emerging trends . Fu said that what appeared to be first post about the inflatable toad was deleted after only one night . "  They understand it , they 're following it , " he said . After rumors spread online and in Hong Kong television in 2011 that Jiang , 87 , had died , the government similarly cracked down on Weibo posters . Despite the online furor , visitors on Friday boated serenely around the toad in Yuyuantan Park , which is known for its cherry blossoms .	Social media users drew comparisons between a 72-feet-tall inflatable toad and former Chinese President Jiang Zemin "  Toad " is among the most-censored words on China 's Twitter-like Sina Weibo Chinese netizens use Internet jokes to communicate about politics
Washington  CNN  -- The departure of U.S. troops left many questions lingering in Iraq Sunday , analysts told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  There are a lot of things here that are not finished . There are activities in the region that are still sitting on the edge of potential conflict , " said retired Gen. James Cartwright , former vice-chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Paul Bremer , a former envoy to Iraq under President George W. Bush , said President Barack Obama had "  placed a very big bet " by pulling out troops . "  The definition of victory actually was given by the president when he made the announcement we were pulling out . He said a democratic Iraq can be a model for the region . That 's right . That 's what President Bush also said . And the question is , can a democratic Iraq survive if America pulls out before the job is done ? " he said . Another key question , analysts said , is what neighboring Iran will do next . "  Iran 's clearly one of the strategic winners out of this . The United States managed to eliminate one of the two arch-rivals that Iran faced , and so Iran has gained a much stronger position , " said Robin Wright , a joint fellow at the U.S. Institute of Peace and the Woodrow Wilson Center . "  At the same time , " she added , "  I think that once the United States withdraws , that the historic tensions between Arabs and Persians along the strategic border are likely to resurface , and that the Iranians will have influence with many of the top leaders in ... Iraq , but it does n't necessarily mean that the Iraqis are going to become the next Iranian province . " The last U.S. troops in Iraq crossed the border into Kuwait Sunday , marking the end of an almost-nine year war . According to the defense department , 4,487 service members were killed in the war ; more than 30,000 were wounded . It is impossible to know with certainty the number of Iraqis who have died in Iraq since 2003 . But the independent public database Iraq Body Count has compiled reports of more than 150,000 between the invasion and October 2010 , with four out of five dead being civilians . Obama said Monday that the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations , with a focus now on a "  normal relationship between sovereign nations . " He told visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki that the two nations would build "  a comprehensive partnership " that includes trade relations , support for building up Iraq 's democratic capacity and military-to-military ties aimed at helping Iraq rebuild its air force , which was destroyed in the war against Saddam Hussein 's regime . "  Our goal is simply to make sure Iraq succeeds , " he said . Debate was raging about the nation 's political future Sunday , as a political crisis erupted in Baghdad that raised fears of more sectarian strife to come . Iraqiya , a powerful political bloc that draws support largely from Sunni and more secular Iraqis , said it was boycotting parliament , a move that threatens to shatter Iraq 's fragile power-sharing government . The political bloc contends that al-Maliki is trying to amass dictatorial power , and many believe that the prime minister was simply waiting for the Americans to leave before making his move . "  These old sectarian divides are in many ways deeper than they were even under Saddam Hussein , and the United States can play a certain kind of role in that , " Wright said , pointing to the importance of diplomatic involvement even after U.S. troops leave . Cartwright said U.S. troops may return to Iraq to help train Iraqi forces . "  It will be interesting to see , " he said . "  I think the opportunity is there for us to bring forces back in . " CNN 's Moni Basu , Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Gen. James Cartwright : "  There are a lot of things here that are not finished " Paul Bremer : "  Can a democratic Iraq survive if America pulls out before the job is done ? " What Iran will do next is a key question Robin Wright : "  Old sectarian divides are in many ways deeper than they were "
CNN  -- A bill that seeks to increase prison sentences and extend parole terms in California for certain sex crimes against minors was passed in a unanimous vote by the state Senate on Tuesday . "  Chelsea 's Law " -- named after 17-year-old Chelsea King , who was raped and murdered by a convicted sex offender this year -- will go to the State Assembly next week for a vote . If it passes , it will go to the desk of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who has already lent support to the legislation formally know as AB 1844 . King disappeared February 25 during a jog in a suburban San Diego park , sparking a massive search that ended a few days later with the discovery of her body . Registered sex offender John Gardner pleaded guilty in April to killing her and another San Diego-area teen , Amber Dubois , in a deal that spared him the death penalty . The case set off a firestorm of debate over the management of sex offenders in California , with King 's parents lending their voices to legislative efforts . "  The heartbreaking loss of Chelsea earlier this year revealed a broken public safety system , and it called our entire community and our entire state to action . With the King family 's unwavering dedication and with the good faith of many who contributed to shaping this measure , we 've built a solution that will protect children and spare other families from tragedy , " Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher , the bill 's sponsor , said in a statement . But Chelsea 's Law also has its detractors . They argue it advocates a one-size-fits-all approach to punishing sexual offenses and that its fiscal implications are too much for the cash-strapped state to bear . Supporters of Chelsea 's Law , which include California Attorney General Jerry Brown and U.S. Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer , say it targets the worst of the worst with provisions such as one-strike life without parole sentencing and lifetime parole for certain sex offenses against children younger than 14 . Among the crimes that could carry potential sentences of life without parole under the proposed legislation : rape , lewd and lascivious acts on a minor , continuous sexual abuse of a child that were committed during a kidnapping , first-degree burglary or that resulted in great bodily injury . Offenders could also face a true life sentence for inflicting "  aggravated mayhem or torture on the victim " in the commission of the offense . The bill also requires lifetime parole and GPS supervision with no possibility of discharge for crimes including continuous sexual abuse of a child and certain sex crimes on children younger than 14 . The proposed legislation also would make it a misdemeanor for a registered sex offender who committed a felony offense to enter any park where children regularly gather without written permission from a parole official or chief park official . It also calls for a revision of the California mentally disordered offender laws to provide for continued detention of offenders where evaluation and assessment deem such to be necessary . Critics of the bill call it a blanket approach that pushes sex offenders further to the fringes of society without addressing the root causes of sexual offenses . "  We need to seek solutions to this one shoe size fits all policy and target those who are of high risk to re-offend after being assessed by professionals in the field , as well focus our money and resources into prevention and awareness programs on sexual abuse , and preventing the first crime , " said Mary Duval , CEO of the Sex Offender Solutions and Education Network , a nonprofit resource center on sex offender issues and a support network for registered sex offenders . A preliminary analysis of the bill by the state Legislative Analyst 's Office completed earlier this year estimated it would increase state prison operating costs by "  at least a few tens of millions of dollars annually " as a result of certain offenders remaining in prison for longer periods of time , resulting in a larger prison population . Parole operations might also be stretched to their limits , the study said . The analysis , noted , however , that a number of variables made the findings inconclusive , such as how often district attorneys would choose to prosecute crimes under Chelsea 's Law or the possibility that the law could deter future criminal activity . "  The long-term nature of the fiscal impacts of some of the provisions of AB 1844 further means that our forecasts may not fully account for significant potential changes in prison operating costs and in the size of the population of sex offenders that could occur over time , " the LAO said in a letter to Assemblyman Fletcher dated May 12 . In an interview with CNN in May , Fletcher said the projected costs of the bill were relatively small compared with the the expense of maintaining a system that does not seem to be working . "  We 've tried to create a narrowly focused bill that goes after the worst of the worst by improving upon sentencing laws and guidelines that already exist , " he said . "  The first responsibility of government is public safetyand if we ca n't protect our children from violent sexual predators then nothing else matters . This has to be our priority . "	Bill calls for life without parole , lifetime GPS monitoring for certain crimes against minors Chelsea 's Law named after high school student who was murdered by sex offender Bill goes to State Assembly next week for a vote Critics say bill puts burden on taxpayers , takes blanket approach to sex offender treatment
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki has regained the women 's world number one ranking from Belgium 's Kim Clijsters , after beating Shahar Peer to reach the semifinals of the Dubai Tennis Championships on Friday . The Dane eased past the ninth seed 6-2 6-4 , and will now replace Australian Open champion Clijsters when the new WTA rankings are published on Monday . Clijsters , who skipped the hard-court event in the United Arab Emirates , will have held the number one ranking for just seven days . The 27-year-old rose to the top spot again -- having first done so in 2003 -- when she reached the last four of the Paris Open , but left Wozniacki with a chance to reclaim the position when she lost to Petra Kvitova in the final . CNN Blog : Can Murray become a grand slam champion ? The 20-year-old Wozniacki will now remain at the top of the rankings at least until after the U.S. tournament in Indian Wells which starts on March 23 . However , the 2009 U.S. Open finalist -- who is yet to win a grand slam title -- insisted winning tournaments is more important to her than being No. 1 . "  I 've said all along I was n't sure about whether I could become number one this week , and that my focus really is not upon that , " she told reporters . "  For the moment it 's more important to concentrate on what I have to do and try to win the tournament . " Her achievement was marked in a much more low-key fashion then when she became the 20th woman in history to reach the summit in October last year . Due to fears over the safety of Peer -- who became the first woman from Israel to play in the Arab state in 2010 -- the match was played on a remote outside court with few spectators and heavy security , where there were no on-court celebrations . Next up for Wozniacki will be Serbian former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic , who defeated Australian fourth seed Sam Stosur of Australia in three closely-contested sets . Sixth seed Jankovic eventually triumphed 6-3 5-7 7-6  7-4  against world No. 5 and French Open runner-up Stosur . In the other half of the draw , two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia beat Polish eighth seed Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6  9-7  6-3 in the penultimate quarterfinal . The Russian will next face Italian 11th seed Flavia Pennetta , who thrashed Russia 's Alisa Kleybanova 6-2 6-0 in the late match . Elsewhere , at the men 's Marseille Open , Swedish top seed and world No. 4 Robin Soderling progressed to the semifinals with an easy straight-sets win over France 's Michael Llodra . The two-time French Open finalist came through 6-1 6-4 , and will next play Dmitry Tursunov after the Russian defeated Austrian fourth seed Jurgen Melzer 6-4 2-6 6-1 in Friday 's closing match . In the other half of the draw of the ATP World Tour hard-court tournament , world No. 7 and Wimbledon runner-up Tomas Berdych was knocked out by Croatia 's Marin Cilic . The former world number nine swept aside his Czech opponent 6-3 6-4 to book his place in the semifinals of the French event , where he will face third seed Mikhail Youzhny . The Russian ended home hopes with a 6-4 2-6 6-4 win over sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga .	Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki is set to replace Kim Clijsters as world No. 1 Wozniacki reclaims top spot after reaching the last four of tournament in Dubai Clijsters has been there for only a week after reaching final of Paris event Top seed Robin Soderling reaches semifinals of the men 's Marseille Open
CNN  -- "  The Elders have spoken and my bride price is NGN630 , 000 . I 'm a Super Premium babe na ! " Knowing your worth has taken on new meaning since the launch of "  Bride Price , " the app that calculates the users ' value based on answers to a series of ranked questions ranging from height and weight to leg shape and cooking skills . You could lose a whopping 60 % of your bride price for being a "  Mama Ronke , " the heaviest weight category , while "  sexy bow legs " a la Beyonc  would add N20 ,000  $ 123  to your price . As entertaining as this quiz may be to complete , categories like skin color could be cause for concern . To begin with , the app uses the controversial term "  Half-caste , " which would add N50 ,000  $ 308  to your worth , just like the answer "  Lupita " -- some say this pays testament to the impact Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong ' o has had on the perceptions of beauty and darker skinned girls . While "  dark " is still ranked as the second most undesirable skin color , skin bleachers are also devalued . The scrutiny is not over yet ; face quality is then assessed , followed by nine more categories . Be careful in the final bonus round , you could be fined N40 , 000  $ 264  for being a "  club girl . " Such a controversial app comes with a disclaimer , of course . "  Bride Price , " which was developed by Lagos-based digital agency Anakle , has had two million views since its release on May 25 , the vast majority of which came from women . People from over 180 countries have used the app , according to the company , with Nigeria , the United States and the UK generating the most traffic . The app quickly went viral after a private link was tweeted on Sunday May 25 , forcing the brand to switch servers , and "  Bride Price " to trend in Nigeria . The term bride price nowadays refers to a usually symbolic amount of money or gifts given to a woman 's family by her fiance at the time of their marriage . In some cases , however , families return the symbolic payment to signify that their daughter is not for sale . Juliet Gilbert , who has just completed a PhD in social anthropology researching young women 's livelihoods in Nigeria , says the "  bride price is an incredibly significant part of marriage customs in Nigeria " that "  should be seen as a token of respect towards and provision for family and community , rather than a monetary value placed on an individual female . " She explains that in Calabar , for example , "  the bride price itself is negotiated after the first formal ` introduction , ' when the fiance is introduced to the girl 's parents . The girl 's family will then write a list of everything they require from the fiance 's family -- this is not just money but could also include rice ,  fresh  palm wine or crates of beer and soft drinks . "  The fiance 's family then look at the list and agree on what they can afford before going back to negotiate with the girl 's family . There is then a formal meeting of both families , where the girl identifies her fiance in front of her whole family , who check that everything on the list has been brought to them . Only after this is all satisfactorily achieved can the traditional marriage go ahead . " Gilbert adds , however , that the bride price practices vary considerably between ethnic groups , and even within them due to families ' wealth and status . "  It is custom for fathers in Ogoja  northern Cross River State  to give back the money to his new son-in-law during the traditional marriage ceremony , saying , ` My daughter can not be bought but you can marry her . ' " Editi Effiong , who owns Anakle , has made it clear that the app is supposed to be a bit a fun . His own wife , he says , was one of the first users of the app which was developed by a mostly female team : "  Did I pay a bride price ? " he asks . "  Yes ! Nigeria is a big , complex country , with over 200 tribes , but where I come from , the entire process of marriage is designed to show respect to the wife 's family , " adds Effiong . "  As insignificant as the bride price is -- N30  $ 0.18  in my case -- it must be collected . I value this tradition , and think it 's a part of our culture we must preserve . "  I went overboard with buying gifts for my wife 's family , because I was very young then , and I wanted to show I really respected them . It may be hard for our foreign audience to understand , but I do n't see why the scores on any app , joke or not , should affect the love I have for my wife , or her self-worth . " The app has had mixed reactions both in Nigeria and across the world with some seeing the funny side , such as British-Nigerian journalist Bim Adewunmi , who wrote a tongue-in-cheek commentary on it for the Independent . Others were outraged , including Cosmopolitan 's Frank Kobola who labeled it a "  horrifying , sexist quiz " and Ikechukwu Onyemelukwe who has started a petition to remove the app which reached 100 signatures on May 28 . While many users shared their bride price on Twitter . Although there were some concerns about the criteria . Effiong told CNN the reasoning behind this : "  That 's a Nigerian inside joke . On the average Nigerian street , there 's a joke that ` too much book dey worry person '  a tongue-in-cheek reference to too much education  . But this does n't mean PhDs are devalued . "  Over the weekend , we hosted a party for my former boss , who just bagged a PhD . Nigerians are some of the most educated people in the world . But us Nigerians , we do n't take ourselves too seriously . " Use the comments section below to tell us what you think about the "  Bride Price " app .	A new app calculates a woman 's worth based on personal and lifestyle questions "  Bride Price " caused a stir on twitter with some calling it sexist , but 86 % of users are female The app has so far had more than two million hits
Though initially reported missing , the English bulldog that was the mascot for sports teams at Louisiana Tech University actually died of heatstroke , officials said Wednesday . The veterinarian that kept Tech XX said a now-fired employee left the dog outside on Sunday . "  Tech XX was a member of our immediate family and a daily part of our lives for the past four years , " Patrick Sexton said in a statement . "  We are devastated over the circumstances of his passing , and there will be a large void in our hearts for some time to come . As with any family member , we will spend considerable time grieving his passing . " The university , in Ruston , said in a statement that since becoming the mascot in 2008 , Tech XX got superior care and a loving home from Sexton 's team . "  He will be remembered for being a fan favorite and a symbol of the spirit of Louisiana Tech , " the university said . Originally the worker said he let the dog out to go to the bathroom and the dog went missing , Sexton said . Students and residents went looking for the canine . His predecessor , Tech XIX , was retired in 2007 because of health concerns after suffering heatstroke , the university said on its website .	At first , employee said dog went missing when the canine went outside Vet that cared for the dog says it died of heatstroke The worker has been fired , veterinarian Patrick Sexton said Louisiana Tech says dog was a "  symbol of the spirit " of the school
CNN  -- The Pakistan military has declared that not only is it in contact with Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar but that it can bring him and other commanders to the negotiating table with the United States . Mullah Mohammed Omar , the Afghan Taliban leader , has been a fugitive from U.S.-led forces since 2001 . The acknowledgment of on-going communication with Taliban forces using sanctuary in Pakistan to launch military strikes against U.S. troops in neighboring Afghanistan is part of a new diplomatic overture to help the Obama administration find an end to the long-running conflict . But a spokesman for Pakistani Inter-Services Public Relations  ISPR  disputed CNN 's report , which was based on an exclusive interview with ISPR director general Maj. Athar Abbas . In the interview , Abbas said in return for any role as a broker between the United States and the Taliban , Pakistan wants concessions from Washington over Islamabad 's concerns with longtime rival India . Read a transcript of the interview And senior U.S. officials have told CNN the Obama administration is willing both to talk to top Taliban leaders and to raise some of Pakistan 's concerns with India . Watch how Pakistan 's military says they can bring Mullah Omar to the table " With ISAF commanders conceding the military fight against the Taliban in key areas of Afghanistan is at a "  stalemate " and that a recent influx of American combat troops is hoped to break the deadlock , the consensus among military and diplomatic figures in the region is that the United States can not win the war in Afghanistan militarily . Most believe a resolution to the conflict will ultimately be a political , and economic , one rather than a military victory that will necessitate negotiations with the Taliban . Such a resolution will have to be struck with the involvement of Pakistan , India , Iran and possibly Saudi Arabia , as well as NATO and the United States . And with the Pakistan military , with its intelligence service , the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate  ISI  , now going public with its offer to act as broker to help initiate talks , this could be the first opportunity for a breakthrough in ending the Afghan war that began with the U.S. invasion in 2001 . Abbas told CNN after its "  very intense relationship " with militants during the fighters ' alliance with the United States during the Soviet war in Afghanistan , the Pakistan military is now still in contact with militant commanders such as Mullah Omar , Jalalladin Haqqani , Mullah Nazir and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar of Hizb-e-Islami . "  That 's right , the ISI was in the forefront of the whole struggle against the Soviets . Now , by maintaining the contacts with the organizations like  Mullah Omar 's Taliban and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar  does n't mean that that state policy is  to be  providing them physical support or the funding or training , " Abbas said . After the 9/11 attacks Pakistani policy to support the groups did a "  U-turn " , he said . "  And the state followed , the army followed , the ISI followed . Having said that no intelligence organization in the world shuts its last door on any other organization . So therefore the contacts are there . The communication remains . But it does n't mean you endorse what they are doing in Afghanistan . You know you have nothing to do with it because your plate is full . " And even further , Abbas said , the Pakistani military has the ability to get the Taliban to the table with the United States to broker a cease-fire by jump-starting a dialogue between the warring parties , Abbas said . "  That 's right . Dialogue , " Abbas said . "  Eventually , one would have to return to the dialogue table . I think that can be worked out . That is possible . " Retired Gen. Hamid Gul , a former head of the ISI , Pakistan 's equivalent of the CIA , is known as the "  Godfather of the Taliban . " He , too , said talks can be arranged . In terms of U.S. interests in Afghanistan , he said , there is only one man who can make it happen . "  Mullah Omar , nobody else , " Gul said . He insisted the Obama administration , through the Pakistan military , can access Mullah Omar . "  Why not ? " he said , "  Is he a terrorist by any definition ? Has he indulged in any act of terrorism ? " Gul added a stated Taliban condition to any discussions , the complete withdrawal of foreign troops from Afghanistan first , was not necessarily a fixed demand and , with concessions from Washington , could be softened and make way for negotiations to begin . But the ISPR issued a statement that "  strongly denied " the remarks made by Abbas "  that the Pakistani military is in contact with Taliban leader Mullah Omar and it can bring him and other commanders to the negotiating table . " "  The remarks attributed to  the director general  are totally baseless , fabricated and taken out of context and ISPR rejects that , " the statement said . The U.S. envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room that the tight link between the Taliban and al Qaeda makes talks with the Taliban "  a non-starter ... unless the Taliban repudiates al Qaeda publicly . " The first response from the Obama administration to the Paksitani army 's overture came from Richard Holbrooke , the U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , who did not find the relationship between Pakistan and the Taliban surprising . "  There 's been long allegations that there are continued contacts , " he said . "  And I think it 's a step forward for the Pakistanis to say publicly what everyone has always assumed . " Holbrooke also did not discount the possibility of talks with the Taliban . "  I 'm not going to rule out or rule in anything on such a hypothetical basis , " he said . "  And I 'm not going to get drawn into speculation on an issue this complicated . "  There is room in Afghanistan , " he said , "  for Taliban people who 've fought with the Taliban , who were willing to participate in the political structure , who were willing to dissociate and renounce Al Qaeda , and who were willing to lay down their arms .	Pakistan military official claims talks possible between U.S. and Taliban Spokesman for country strongly denies initial report Pakistan wants U.S. concessions over Islamabad 's dealings with India in return Senior U.S. officials say Obama administration willing to talk to Taliban
Washington  CNN  -- As the administration considers what executive actions President Barack Obama can take on immigration , the central question is how far can he go ? Obama said on June 30 that he had asked the attorney general and the secretary of Homeland Security to look into the steps he can take , within the confines of the Constitution , to "  fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own . " The President expects to receive their recommendations before the end of the summer and intends to adopt them without delay . He said he was taking this step because Congress -- particularly House Republicans -- had not acted on comprehensive immigration reform . At a news conference on Wednesday , Obama said the American people want to see action on the issue . "  What I can do is scour our authorities to try to make progress , " he said . "  And we 're going to make sure that every time we take one of these steps that we are working within the confines of my executive power . But I promise you the American people do n't want me just standing around twiddling my thumbs and waiting for Congress to get something done . " Advocates and analysts say the legal answer might be different than the political one . What 's being considered At the top of the list of options is an expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . It allows immigrants brought here illegally as children to stay without fear of deportation and apply for work permits if they meet certain criteria . So far , some 660,000 young people have taken advantage of the program , according to a report by the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute . That 's 55 % of the 1.2 million who were immediately eligible . Half a dozen advocates involved in conversations with White House and Department of Homeland Security officials studying the matter believe the President could expand deportation relief to potentially millions more undocumented immigrants by expanding DACA . GOP-led House authorizes lawsuit against Obama Advocates say the administration is considering expanding DACA to cover the parents of U.S. citizens or all undocumented parents . The White House could also decide to cover undocumented immigrants in industries such as farming , or it could expand relief based on how long a person has been living and working in the community . While there are many different mechanisms that could be used to provide deportation relief , using the existing DACA program as the template is an attractive alternative because that process has been up and running since 2012 . "  We think the administration should be looking at the most expansive relief that 's possible given that we 're talking about people who have very strong ties to the community and they are woven into these communities and they have really strong equities , " said Laura Vazquez , the legislative analyst for the Immigration Policy Project at the National Council of La Raza . Several groups are pushing the President to expand the DACA program for all those who would have been allowed to stay under the comprehensive immigration overhaul legislation the Senate passed in June 2013 but stalled in the House . That would mean an estimated 6 million to 9 million people could qualify , advocates say . "  He could protect 9 million people in the estimation of our legal beagles who 've looked at this , " said Frank Sharry , executive director of America 's Voice . Sharry was one of several advocates who attended a meeting with Obama on June 30 . He said the president appeared ready to take bold , aggressive action on the issue . Legal considerations Groups such as America 's Voice , backed by legal experts , say the President is on solid legal ground to expand DACA , even to the millions that would have qualified for relief under the Senate bill . They say that 's because deferred action -- a type of prosecutorial discretion that grants some undocumented immigrants relief from deportation on a case-by-case basis -- is a well-established practice under existing immigration law . "  He has the authority to decide who to prosecute , " said Josh Bernstein , immigration policy and strategy director at the Service Employees International Union . "  As long as he is following the laws that Congress has passed , he has broad discretion in terms of how to do that . " With Congress divided , Obama to go his own way on immigration Hiroshi Motomura , an immigration law professor at UCLA and author of the new book "  Immigration Outside the Law , " said there are legal limits on the President 's authority over immigration law . For instance , he ca n't change the rules for noncitizens to become permanent residents or put them on a path to citizenship because Congress sets those rules . But he said none of these limits stands in the way of expanding DACA as long as it 's done correctly . Setting priorities about who to deport , such as focusing on violent criminals , is necessary because Congress does not appropriate enough money to deport all of the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country , advocates say . "  Congress created a system that has resulted in 11 million -LSB- people -RSB- in the United States without legal status , " Motomura said . "  Handed this situation , it 's unavoidable that the President exercises discretionary choices about enforcement . In doing so , he is on solid ground using a DACA-like approach for a larger group , making case-by-case individual decisions after a group of people qualifies under threshold criteria . " Doris Meissner , a former commissioner of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service now at the Migration Policy Institute , said it 's theoretically true that the administration could expand DACA to cover as many people as would have been covered in the Senate bill . But he said there are a lot of other issues the administration 's lawyers have to consider when deciding just how much to expand the program . Those include how likely it is that they would be sued by opponents and whether those opponents would have standing to argue they were harmed . Another big question the White House must consider is what kind of precedent a big , bold move could set not just for future undocumented immigrants but for the exercise of executive power on other issues such as environmental policy and enforcement of civil rights laws . "  There 's just an enormous amount of jurisprudence and legal analysis that lawyers are going to bring to help inform the decisions on this issue because it is very high stakes , " Meissner said . "  One always is concerned in the executive branch about the precedent that gets set where your successors are concerned . Depending on where you are politically , what may seem like a gift in the hands of the opposing party becomes a hammer . " Political considerations Another big question is how much of a political backlash the White House is willing to endure . "  Many groups , including ours , have said , ` You know , it would really be awesome to use that -LSB- Senate bill -RSB- as a template , ' " Sharry said . "  Most of us think he 's not gon na go that far , not because of a lack of legal authority , but because the political constraints are bigger than the legal limitations . " Many Democrats , led by members from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , have long pushed for the President to use his powers to curb deportations . "  He has alternatives under existing law , " Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois and CHC Immigration Task Force chairman , said on the House floor earlier this year . "  There are concrete ways within existing law to help keep families together and spare U.S. citizens from losing their wives , their husbands and their children to deportation . In spite of your lack of action . " Obama impeachment talk just political theater But the White House has already gotten a sampling of the kind of response any announcement of executive actions on immigration is likely to get from Republicans in Congress . House Speaker John Boehner said the President 's moves would create incentive for more illegal crossings and would be a "  grave mistake . " "  If the President takes these actions , he 'll be sealing the deal on his legacy -- legacy of lawlessness , " Boehner said in July . "  He 'll be violating the solemn oath he made to the American people on the day of his inauguration and he 'll be sacrificing the integrity of our laws on the altar of political opportunism and I can guarantee you , the American people will hold him accountable . " House Republicans , many of whom have accused Obama of being an imperial president , have already voted to sue the President , charging he overstepped his authority in implementing the Affordable Care Act . And it is n't just Republicans who are questioning the President 's plan . An August 6 Washington Post editorial also weighed in . "  Obstinate , hopelessly partisan and incapable of problem-solving , Congress is a mess . But that does n't grant the President license to tear up the Constitution , " the paper 's editorial board wrote . "  As Mr. Obama himself said last fall : ` If , in fact , I could solve all these problems without passing laws in Congress , then I would do so . But we 're also a nation of laws . ' To act on his own , the President said , would violate those laws . " The paper predicted that extending deportation relief to millions of undocumented immigrants could trigger a constitutional showdown with congressional Republicans .	After Congress failed to act , Obama is considering executive actions on immigration issues Obama could expand deferrals to shield some undocumented immigrants from deportation Immigration advocates are pushing Obama to act broadly to bring down deportations But the questions are what can Obama do legally and does he have the political capital ?
CNN  Why do Muslims "  speak out " and "  condemn " violent acts with which they have no connection , and why do others , across the political spectrum , expect it ? People should demand public statements like , "  I condemn this act , " from those who have some kind of accountability in connection with the act . There is always a crucial line between feeling revulsion at a crime and feeling it necessary to dissociate oneself from that crime . Did you benefit from a crime ? Could you have stopped the crime ? Did you contribute , even unwittingly , to the crime ? If so , you may have to stand up and denounce it . In connection with the recent Paris killings , some mainstream commentators such as New York Times columnist Roger Cohen ask why "  moderate " Muslims can not simply "  come out and say " that "  I do not support this . " Former congressman Barney Frank writes that he wishes that Muslims would "  speak out more strongly . " Such liberal commentary is not substantially different from Rupert Murdoch 's tweet that Muslims like myself "  must be held responsible . " They should know that groups like ISIS and al Qaeda believe fanatically that most Muslims are misguided and hell-bound , and that only a small group  themselves  are members of an exclusive "  saved sect , " a belief that makes them immune to critique . Any condemnations they receive from the wayward Muslim majority only entrenches them in this belief . Moreover , it is Muslims themselves who stand to lose the most when crimes are committed by these vigilantes . The vast majority of victims of jihadist groups are other Muslims , and when an attack takes place in the West it is the Muslim community that suffers the backlash from the societies in which they live . Worst of all , Muslims offer the much sought-after condemnations all the time . Just type "  Muslims condemn " into a search engine . If the goal of our detractors were really to get Muslims to do more "  speaking out , " then what Muslims have already done would have been enough years ago . This is really about political statements and maintaining a certain social hierarchy . Demanding that innocent Muslims always make new statements about crimes they could not have stopped , from which they do not benefit , and have always condemned anyway , is an act by the powerful assigning collective guilt against the powerless . The critics who want Muslims to "  speak out " only grow more demanding when Muslims actually do speak out , because by doing so Muslims have publicly affirmed the right of others to blame them collectively , regardless of whether they are accountable or not . Such political manuevers -- and that is what they really are -- increase the leverage that can be exerted over Muslims in public life . Muslim voices are thus uniquely kept out of view unless they are apologizing for some atrocity they had nothing to do with . In the case of the Charlie Hebdo massacre , Muslims were asked not only to condemn murder  which they did  but also to champion a "  free speech " that took the form of denigrating their sacred beliefs  which they deplored  . For Barney Frank , this refusal to follow the script was to "  condone their terrible acts with qualified condemnation " while Roger Cohen laments our use of , "  Yes , but . " Muslims are thus tarred as being sympathetic with murder if they point out that the very publication that portrayed the Prophet Mohammed so grotesquely had fired an editor , who was later taken to court , for quipping that Nicolas Sarkozy 's son converted to Judaism because of social ambition . Muslims have no duty to celebrate a general hypocrisy that singles them out for ill treatment . Not approving of the murder is quite enough . It is possible to consider the cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo to be vile people who did not deserve to die . It is worth remembering that the perpetrators of crimes such as the Charlie Hebdo massacre are always screaming "  Revenge ! " but Western commentators choose to dwell on what innocent Muslims are going to do about it , or whether Islam is to blame . Why do they not instead ask , as New Yorker writer George Packer chose not to do , "  Revenge for what ? " Do they fear they might bring to light crimes , much greater crimes , that they themselves should have "  spoken out " about long ago ? Perhaps it is more comfortable to keep the conversation focused on Muslims and their religion than it is to investigate whether one 's own country or one 's own group has anything it might have to "  condemn . "	Some mainstream commentators have urged moderate Muslims to condemn terrorism , in particular the recent Paris killings Caner Dagli says though that groups like ISIS and al Qaeda believe fanatically that most Muslims are misguided and hell-bound For many , it 's more comfortable to focus on Muslims than to ask if one 's own country may have anything to "  condemn , " Dagli adds
Nigeria 's president has declared a state of emergency in parts of the country afflicted by violence from the militant Islamist group Boko Haram . "  It has become imperative to take some decisive measures necessary to restore normalcy in the country , especially within the affected communities , " President Goodluck Jonathan said in a Saturday address . His order includes the closure of the country 's borders in affected areas . The last two months have seen widespread bloodshed in northern Nigeria , with churches and police stations among the targets . Boko Haram  which according to the group means "  Western civilization is forbidden "  has claimed responsibility for a series of attacks on churches in central and northern Nigeria on Christmas Day , including one near the capital , Abuja , which killed nearly 30 people . Two days later , a bomb attack at an Islamic school -- or madrassa -- in the southern Delta state injured several children . It 's not clear whether it was intended as revenge , but such sectarian attacks are rare in Delta state . Jonathan said he instructed military and police chiefs in the violence-stricken areas to ensure that life and property there are protected .	The president called for a state of emergency in certain parts of the country Those parts have seen violence by the group Boko Haram
CNN  -- Mexico has seen a cascade of political scandals that have shaken the country the last few months , most notably the now well-publicized bloody incident in which 43 teaching students were "  delivered " by the Iguala city police to a drug trafficking group , who murdered them under the belief that they were sent by a rival gang . To use a cliche , it was the straw that broke the camel 's back , a strong indication that Mexico 's people are no longer willing to tolerate the current state of affairs . Some have suggested that the government will fall , and others have said Mexico is a failed state . The Mexican government does not appear ready to fall , not even close . But it seems to be in a defensive situation , maybe waiting for the tempest to wane so that it can regain the political initiative . It is , in many ways , a crisis of confidence . It is as if all the problems that were not attended to through history were appearing together : the impunity allowed to wrongdoers , the politicization of justice , the corruption , the perceived interaction of different levels of authorities with organized crime , the inefficiency of the police ... and on and on . In other words , the wrongdoers appear to get away with murder . Right or wrong , there is the feeling that the whole system is compromised . The authorities do not appear to be able to control the violent gangs that have plagued the country for the last 10 or 15 years even if they claim that a big part of the violence has been the result of the breakdown of the major drug cartels . But then again , they do not appear to be able to contain the more or less contrived violence present in some of the protests , in the last few years . Yes , the seemingly small thievery , small vandalism in some demonstrations -- even the attempt to burn a gate to the National Palace -- pale in comparison to the drug violence that have caused more than 60,000 deaths in the last 10 years . Appearances could be misleading , but there is little help for the government in the images of apparent police impotence before the small-scale vandalism of supposed students and the increasing damages caused by so-called anarchists . It may be that the authorities will try publicly to present a merely defensive strategy , to avoid bigger problems . The country is still traumatized by the bloody repression of the 1968 students movement . The Mexico City authorities have allowed more than 2,000 demonstrations annually , for several years now , and Mexico City 's inhabitants are somewhat inured to the demonstrations that do not break windows or throw a dump truck against a police barrier . Then again , the images are there . This last 12 months have been the frame for huge corruption scandals that have cost the country billions of pesos -- and cost institutions like Citigroup a few hundreds of millions of dollars ; cases like Oceanografia  that defrauded PEMEX and banks equally  , like Grupo Mexico  that allegedly polluted an agricultural region in Sonora state and appears rightly or wrongly to have escaped with minimal costs  and more recently the decision to overturn a bidding contest to build a railway because of the complaints of some of the international participants . These cases are more or less in the docket but people do not have confidence in our judiciary system and the legal maneuvering that it allows . And then of course , there is Iguala . The disappearance of the 43 students hit a nerve and has become an open wound in a way that is truly unprecedented . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Author : The disappearance and killing of 43 students has transformed Mexico Jose Carreo Figueras says the event happened after a cascade of political scandals All confidence in political system lost , people think wrongdoers wo n't be punished , he says
New York  CNN  -- Residents of the northeastern United States , still reeling from the havoc Sandy wreaked October 29 on the region , learned Wednesday that the same holds true for snow and wind , which buffeted the coast in the form of a nor'easter . More than 600,000 households who have been without power since October 29 hunkered down for a long , cold night . "  While this storm is not as dangerous as Sandy was , New Yorkers should still take safety precautions today and tonight , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters Wednesday . By 10 p.m. , some four inches of snow had fallen on Staten Island , the borough of New York that was hard hit by Sandy . Parts of Connecticut saw more than eight inches . "  It 's Mother Nature 's one-two punch , " Cory Baker , mayor of Newark , New Jersey , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan . " "  It 's testing the resolve and the grit of my state and my city and , obviously , this region . " Some 25,000 residents of Newark had still been without power from Sandy , he said . "  Now , this is being dumped ; it has the potential to knock out more power within my state . " Indeed , that is what happened . Power outages in New York and New Jersey rose from 607,000 during the day to 652,000 customers by 10 p.m. Soon after , Elizabeth Flagler , a spokeswoman for the Long Island Power Authority , said the company had tallied 100,000 new power outages since the storm began , bringing its total to 193,000 . "  We 're getting hit pretty hard between the snow and the wind , " she said . Forecasters predicted gusts of up to 60 mph in shore towns and cities across New York and New Jersey , bringing 2 - to 4-foot storm surges just as homes and office buildings had begun to dry out and floodwaters to recede after Sandy . Coastal erosion caused by last week 's storm sparked fears of more flooding in storm-battered communities , while incoming cold weather was expected to hamper utility restoration efforts across the region . Cold brings fresh misery to Sandy victims Bloomberg urged residents in the city 's low-lying areas -- especially Breezy Point , Hamilton Beach and Gerritsen Beach -- to "  consider going someplace else tonight , to be a little bit on the safe side . " But he issued no mandatory evacuation orders , other than for a handful of chronic-care facilities and an adult-care center in areas that were hit hard by Sandy . "  If people think you 're crying wolf , the next time , when it 's really a serious threat , they might not do it , " the mayor said . That was not the case in New Jersey , where the Brick Township Office of Emergency Management had issued a mandatory evacuation order for all residents of low-lying waterfront areas of town . Meanwhile , freezing temperatures ushered in snow and potentially deadly conditions for those without shelter , as displaced residents struggled to stay warm with generators and blankets . Others continued to camp with family and neighbors as they awaited the return of electricity . On Tuesday night , about 8,500 Sandy victims had taken refuge in more than 100 Red Cross shelters . Temperatures were expected to dip again Wednesday night into the 20s , forecasters said . Shelters were opened across the city for displaced residents or those without power . "  We think we 're ready for anything , " said Bloomberg , who ordered patrol officers to use their cruisers ' loudspeakers to encourage elderly or homebound residents to go somewhere warm and safe and advised residents to check on neighbors . Bloomberg tells struggling New Yorkers to get off the road More than a week after Sandy struck the Northeast , its death toll in New York City climbed to 41 as a 78-year-old man died Tuesday of injuries suffered in the storm , police said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo fired his chief of emergency management , Steven Kuhr , for having arranged for the Suffolk County Office of Emergency Management to clear a tree from his driveway , a Cuomo administration source told CNN . CNN was not able to reach Kuhr . The continuing recovery effort had already left thousands of area residents tired , homeless and looking for answers . New York City 's Penn Station was shut for a time on Wednesday evening because of overcrowding after the Long Island Railroad halted service systemwide , Metropolitan Transit Authority spokeswoman Marjorie Anders told CNN . The stations reopened later in the evening and service resumed , she said . As many as 20,000 households across New York City and Westchester County were not expected to be back online by the weekend because of damage to their homes ' electrical systems , officials said . Contractors will need to check the electrical wiring in each home and business to ensure that power can be safely restored , Bloomberg said . Salt-caked wiring could ignite once the power is restored . Superstorm Sandy 's victims On Long Island 's hard-hit coast , towns such as Oceanside remained largely without power . "  The lights came on for three minutes here . Everybody cheered like A-Rod  Alex Rodriguez  hit one out at Yankee Stadium , " said Rick Wolkenberg . "  Then there was this weird hum and everything went out again . They teased us , and now we 're sitting here in the dark again . " The 59-year-old mortgage lender said his staff has been working for days in his office by means of a small generator and flashlights . "  Everyone 's really frazzled , angry , " he said . "  It 's not just the power . Now it 's getting an electrician to evaluate the house , then getting a plumber -- and nobody 's coming because they 're all overwhelmed . " His 81-year-old mother , Edith , moved in with his family after Sandy slammed through her home in Oceanside . "  There just seems so many obstacles now , " Wolkenberg said . "  It is like a war zone down there , " Gov. Chris Christie said , referring to places such as Ocean County 's Mantoloking , where flooding and fires wiped out large sections of the town last week . At least 20 homes burned to the ground there , mirroring an incident in Breezy Point , a Queens neighborhood where a cluster of more than 100 houses caught fire during the storm . "  We do n't know what to expect for the flooding situation as the shorelines have been changed , " Christie said . "  For many of them , the dunes are gone . So , moderate flooding under normal conditions becomes major in these conditions . " More than three-fourths of New Jersey 's school systems were operating Wednesday and 1,728 public schools were open in New York . Elsewhere , there were signs of the region rebounding . The PATH train between New Jersey and New York resumed limited service under the Hudson River on Tuesday , after being shut ahead of the storm . Commuter traffic reopened Wednesday in the Holland Tunnel , where about 91,000 vehicles typically pass under the Hudson River between Manhattan and Jersey City , New Jersey . Air travel continued to be affected . Authorities advised air travelers to check with their carriers ahead of the storm . "  Airlines serving the Port Authority 's major airports -- Newark Liberty International , John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia -- have canceled all or a significant number of their flights beginning at noon today and continuing through early tomorrow , " the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said Wednesday in a statement . The storm that broke records -- and hearts CNN 's Kristen Hamill , Katia Hetter , Julia Talanova and Rob Frehse contributed to this report	NEW : "  It 's testing the resolve and the grit of my state , " Newark mayor says On Long Island 's hard-hit coast , towns such as Oceanside still largely without power "  Everyone 's really frazzled , angry , " says Rick Wolkenberg , 59 Contractors go door-to-door to check electrical wiring on homes , businesses
CNN  When Oakland Raiders NFL running back Maurice Jones-Drew retired recently at just 29 years old , he said his life had been focused on football for 24 years and he needed a change . It 's no wonder he wanted out . He has been playing football since he was 5 years old . Sound too young to strap on a helmet ? Not really . Jones-Drew is no different from thousands of other boys whose parents introduce them to the gridiron just a few years out of diapers . Football is America 's favorite sport . We pride ourselves on our toughness , on our ability to get back up when we 're knocked down . What better sport is there to teach those lessons ? But today , youth football is not looking like the best option . In 2012 , an estimated 225,287 children -- down 9.5 % since 2010 -- between the ages of 5 and 14 played Pop Warner football , in which the weight class for the 5-year-olds ranges from 35 to 79 pounds . With such lightweight boys competing with children more than twice their size , it 's no wonder parents feel less inclined to put their kids in this sport . But not too long ago , parents thought nothing of sending their children out on the football field to run around and burn up a little energy . Many parents still insist youth football is safe . What could be healthier for a boy ? Certainly , it beats sitting in front of a computer all day . That 's exactly what Debra Pyka thought when she signed up her son , Joseph Chernach , for Pop Warner football in Wisconsin , then later in Michigan , when he was 11 years old , in 1997 . If only she knew then that her son would be dead at 25 . Joseph hung himself in his mother 's shed on June 7 , 2012 . His brain was later found to have severe CTE , a degenerative brain disease that has been linked to concussions in football . Joseph Chernach had played sports , including wrestling , pole vaulting and football most of his young life . But he spent almost four years playing Pop Warner football from ages 11 to 14 . "  My son was the class comedian , loved school , always fun to be around , " Pyka told me . "  But we noticed after high school Joseph changed . He got depressed , angry , paranoid and withdrew from sports and his friends . We just did n't know why . After learning about CTE , I knew he had it even before we got the results . The symptoms were all there . " Pyka is convinced those early days playing Pop Warner football triggered her son 's CTE . Last month , Pyka and her son 's estate filed a lawsuit against Pop Warner football for $ 5 million , claiming the nonprofit failed to protect its youngest players and warn them and their parents about the permanent dangers of head trauma . The lawsuit further alleges that Pyka 's son and other children were intentionally put in danger because Pop Warner used amateur coaches with short tenures , who were never properly trained in the game of football , injury prevention , concussion or head injury identification . So now , this mother is on a mission . She wants to stop children younger than 14 from playing tackle football in youth leagues . "  I do n't want any kids to suffer the way my son suffered , the way my family suffered . It 's devastating . Young children should not be allowed to play tackle football until they reach high school , " said Pyka . Since filing her suit , Pyka , a registered nurse , said she 's found some solace by connecting with other parents who want to make football safer for children , but she also has received plenty of hateful emails criticizing her for allowing her son to play in the first place . Critics say that she knew what she was doing when she signed her son up to play football and some even suggest that Pyka should be charged with murder for allowing Joseph to sign up for football , Pyka told me , clearly upset . "  I did n't sign my son up to get a brain disease , " she said . "  We wanted him to play sports , to be active . We knew nothing about concussions then . It was n't discussed much . It 's still not talked about enough today . Should we all be arrested for letting our kids play football ? " Clearly , the lawsuit faces obstacles , especially since Chernach did play other sports and it may be hard to prove the CTE was triggered by injuries suffered while playing for Pop Warner . But Pyka and her attorney , Gordon Johnson , at the Brain Injury Law Group , which is representing Chernach 's estate , insist this case is not just about winning . They are going after the economics of youth football leagues . And if they win the lawsuit it may be less possible for those leagues to buy the insurance policies that allow very young children to play tackle football . "  We have to prove that Pop Warner was a substantial factor in him getting it -LSB- CTE -RSB- , and we knew from research that playing under 12 is when you 're most vulnerable , " Johnson told media when he filed the suit . "  The airing of these issues will benefit everybody , " he added . Jon Butler , executive director of Pop Warner Little Scholars Inc. , told me on Thursday via email : "  Pop Warner has been , and will continue to be , at the forefront of addressing player safety . ... While there is incredible sadness in this story , we question the merits of singling out four years of youth football amid a career of sports that lasted through high school . " Still , when the lawyer talk is done , Debra Pyka wo n't get her son back . And amazingly , she did not sound bitter . And she 's not out to end football . But "  a 5-year-old playing football , it 's ridiculous to have them out there banging their brains around . " Some good has come out of all this , said Pkya . More people are talking about CTE . She said it 's important that parents listen closely to NFLers like 24-year-old Chris Borland , the San Francisco 49ers linebacker who retired this week after just one season . Borland said he quit because he was afraid of brain injuries . He understands how his decision may affect parents and he has a message : " Parents ... if you weigh the risk and decide this is something you want to partake in . ... It 's a free country . ... But If I could relay a message to kids and their parents it would be twofold : Number one : make an informed decision . And number two : Do n't play through concussions . Who knows how many hits is too many ? " Considering the consequences , it just may be one of the toughest decisions a parent has to make .	Roxanne Jones : There 's a reason why young NFL players are retiring from the sport She says youth football is not looking like the best option for kids ; parents should know the risks
What happens when a rock 'n' roll legend promotes a music player in a world where the iPod , and its smartphone cousins , already dominate the market ? If that legend is Neil Young and the music player promises higher-quality sound than any of its competitors , it becomes the third-biggest Kickstarter campaign in the history of the site . The crowdfunding campaign for Young 's Pono Music closed Tuesday , having raised more than $ 6.2 million . The campaign 's goal of $ 800,000 was blown away less than 24 hours after it launched in March . Young , a longtime critic of what he calls the "  underwater listening " experience of compressed digital music , thanked backers on the campaign 's homepage Tuesday . "  You have helped to set the stage for a revolution in music listening , " Young wrote . "  Finally , quality enters the listening space so that we can all hear and feel what the artists created , the way they heard and felt it . " The idea behind Pono is to boost digital music from the compressed and lossy formats to high-quality resolution . Pono will stream music in 24-bit , 192-kHz sound , brighter and more present than the sound provided by MP3s or even CDs . Pono will include both an online music store and player . The PonoPlayer , which will come with 128GB of storage , will sell for $ 399 . By comparison , the 64GB iPod touch sells for the same price , and the iPod classic , with 160GB of storage , sells for $ 249 . High-resolution digital albums at Ponomusic.com are expected to cost between $ 15 and $ 25 . The site says all major record labels are on board and beginning to expand the amount of their music that 's recorded in high-quality digital formats . Young , who introduced the system at the South by Southwest music festival in March with endorsements from the likes of Tom Petty , Eddie Vedder and Sting , believes that the quality of the listening experience will draw enough fans willing to pay more . "  It 's been a long time coming . It was not easy getting this far , but you made it happen by supporting Pono 's vision for better listening , " he wrote . "  Pono wants to preserve the history of music , in all of its beauty and expression , for all time . Forever . "	Neil Young 's Pono Music raises $ 6.2 million on Kickstarter That 's the third-largest campaign in Kickstarter 's history The music player promises high-quality , non-compressed sound
CNN  Ohio will delay the executions of seven death row inmates while searching for an adequate supply of drugs that complies with its new execution protocol , the state 's Department of Rehabilitation and Correction said Friday . That means the state will not carry out any executions in 2015 , the agency said in a press release . Ohio said in early January that it will add thiopental sodium , a drug the state used for lethal injections from 1999-2011 , the department said . Thiopental sodium and pentobarbital will be the only drugs used . Ohio decided to stop using the two-drug regimen of midazolam and hydromorphone . That drug combination was last used in January 2014 on convicted murderer Dennis McGuire . Witnesses said he convulsed and gasped about 10 minutes before he died . The McGuire execution was closely watched because midazolam , a sedative , and hydromorphone , a painkiller , had never been used in a U.S. execution . Ohio , like many states , was forced to find new execution drugs after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . The executions of Ronald R. Phillips , Raymond Tibbetts , Gregory Lott , Warren K. Henness , William Montgomery , Robert Van Hook and Jeffrey A. Wogenstahl were rescheduled , according to the state .	Ohio is changing the drugs used for lethal injections Ohio will delay seven executions and wo n't execute anybody in 2015
CNN  -- The mystery surrounding North Korea 's erratic young leader , Kim Jong Un , only deepens by the day . He has not been seen publicly in more than a month . Rumors are flying that Kim is ill with gout , diabetes , even possible problems with his ankles . Now , a group of defectors say they believe Kim 's younger sister , Kim Yo Jong , may be running the country while he recuperates . The North Korea Intellectuals ' Solidarity , a think-tank run by defectors , says Kim Yo Jong may be at least temporarily leading the government . The group has not revealed the source of its information , and CNN can not independently confirm it . But Kim Yo Jong 's star appears to be rising . Why has North Korea decided to talk now ? Michael Madden , who runs the blog North Korea Leadership Watch , says Kim Yo Jong has been identified in North Korean media as deputy director of the Workers ' Party , a very powerful position . Victor Cha , an analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies who previously handled the North Korea account with the National Security Council , says Kim Yo Jong began surfacing publicly earlier this year at party functions . "  Clearly it 's an effort to slow-track her into becoming somebody who is important within the system , " Cha says . "  I can see how it 's possible that she 's in some sort of temporary position . It 's very difficult for the North Korean system to run without one of the Kim family at least titularly in charge . So , if Kim Jong Un is indisposed , she 's really the only available body that 's left , in terms of a direct Kim family line . " Is Kim Jong Un still in charge of North Korea ? Who is Kim Yo Jong ? Madden says Kim Yo Jong was born in 1987 or 1988 , and attended private school in Switzerland with Kim Jong Un . They both stayed at the North Korean embassy while attending the Swiss school , Madden says , and lived there under assumed names . Madden says Kim Yo Jong is the youngest of seven siblings their father , Kim Jong Il , had with four women . Many of them are half-siblings , but Kim Jong Un and Kim Yo Jong have the same mother . Opinion : Why Kim is probably still in charge Madden says Kim Yo Jong was always close to her father , and after returning from Switzerland , she was appointed to positions of responsibility in the government . She would act as an advance-team leader , inspecting sites before official visits , and had administrative duties as well . Now , he says , she continues those duties and has taken on more responsibility under her brother 's rule : dealing with policy and receiving intelligence briefings . She acts "  almost like a White House chief-of-staff would , " Madden says . He says he believes she had a large role in planning the recent trip by three top North Korean officials to South Korea while her brother was absent from the scene . Opinion : Why Kim is probably still in charge Ready for prime time ? Given her age and that so little is known about Kim Yo Jong , North Korea-watchers are concerned about her being in the top leadership spot , if only temporarily . The stress and palace intrigue inside the North Korean regime , they say , may be overwhelming . "  If in fact she is running the country -- as someone in their early to mid twenties , to me that is quite alarming , " Cha says . "  It means there is something seriously wrong with Kim Jong Un and there is some sort of void that they 're desperately trying to fill . " All eyes will be on a significant event this Friday , October 10 . That 's the 69th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers ' Party . Kim Jong Un attended the anniversary event last year . If he does n't show up at Friday 's ceremonies , concern over his public disappearance will only grow . If he does attend , intelligence analysts will be looking at his appearance , his body language -- every detail -- very carefully . Inside North Korea : Water park , sacred birth site and some minders Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	With North Korea 's leader out of public eye , sister 's profile increases A think-tank run by defectors says she may be temporarily leading the government Kim Yo Jong is in her twenties ; she attended private school in Switzerland
CNN  -- Authorities in the Palestinian town of Bethlehem are hoping it wo n't be a silent night this Christmas Eve , following a spate of tourist cancellations due to recent violence in Gaza . The West Bank town of around 29,000 people , eight kilometers  five miles  south of Jerusalem , contains the Church of the Nativity , venerated by Christians as the birthplace of Jesus . One of the oldest surviving Christian churches in the world , it has been considered the site of Christ 's birth since at least the 2nd century , and is the most significant tourist attraction in the Palestinian territories . But Palestinian authorities are concerned that the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas will deter pilgrims from visiting the site during the traditional Christmas boom season this month . Conflict 's impact Although Israel 's conflict was with Hamas -- the Islamist group which controls the other Palestinian territory of Gaza , located about 70 kilometers away -- the week-long bout of violence prompted many potential visitors to Bethlehem to cancel their bookings . "  It 's had a big impact , " said Jiries Qumsiyeh , spokesman for the Palestinian Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities . "  We 've had some cancellations . " Bethlehem drew about 140,000 visitors -- many of them religious pilgrims -- in the two weeks around Christmas last year , said Qumsiyeh , providing an important boost to the Palestinian economy . Carmen Ghattas , spokeswoman for the Bethlehem Municipality , said she feared that would not be the case this season . "  We expected a decrease in tourism , and many tourists have canceled , " she said . "  This season if the tourists do not come we will not have a good economic situation , and the citizens will be affected . " While Gaza sustained most of the damage from the recent conflict , the West Bank was not totally removed from the violence , she said , as "  rockets from Gaza were shot at Jerusalem . " U.N. boost But despite the violence scaring off some potential visitors , respite may come from the recent successful Palestinian bid for an upgrade in status at the United Nations . In late November , the U.N. 's general assembly voted to elevate the status of the Palestinian delegation from "  non-member observer entity " to "  non-member observer state , " the same category as the Vatican . Palestinians hope the upgraded recognition will provide new leverage in their dealings with Israel . Ghattas said the United Nations vote prompted an influx of new bookings , but not enough yet to offset cancellations . "  Before the vote , the situation was n't secure . But now it is like the whole world -- the United Nations -- is supervising any attack that might happen , " she said . "  That will protect us and protect our visitors from all over the world . " Qumsiyeh said he expected the vote to have a positive ongoing effect on tourism to the Palestinian territories . A recent report , commissioned by the Bethlehem Center for Cultural Heritage Preservation , looking at tourism development , found Bethlehem was not capitalizing on its potential . The majority of visitors were day trippers on short visits from Israel , meaning the full economic benefits of tourism did not flow into the local community . "  It will give us a chance to promote Palestine and for people to know more about Palestine , " he said . World Heritage status In June , the Church of the Nativity and surrounding pilgrimage route became the first Palestinian World Heritage site . Its inscription on to the prestigious list of sites -- deemed as holding "  outstanding universal value " as part of the world 's shared heritage -- came after the Palestinians were granted membership of UNESCO , the United Nations ' heritage body in 2011 . One of Christianity 's most holy places , the church -- which features a 14-pointed silver star set into the marble floor marking the precise spot where Jesus is said to have been born -- drew two million visitors in 2011 , according to local heritage expert Nada Atrash , of Bethlehem 's Center for Cultural Heritage Preservation . Christian solidarity One recent visitor told CNN that the volatility of the region should not deter pilgrims . Roger Evans , a Catholic deacon from Chislehurst , England , was on a tour of the Holy Land with nine others from his parish when the hostilities in Gaza broke out in November . "  We were up on hills looking across Jerusalem , looking across at the Dome of the Rock and we saw a plume of smoke in the distance , which was a rocket landing , " he said . "  We heard small arms fire , saw the reservists being called out . " Despite witnessing signs of the conflict , the situation did not affect the tour "  at all , " he said , encouraging other Christians to make the pilgrimage unless there were official warnings to stay away . He had made the trip , "  to bring the Bible to life , to see the places where Jesus walked , talked , taught , " he said . "  Until you see it you ca n't really imagine the distances and where he went and what happened in those days . Seeing the desolation in places , all those things bring to mind some of the parables that come to life in the scriptures . " Jill Didino , of UK Christian tourism company Tangney Tours , said the company had received an influx of interest in a forthcoming tour of the Holy Land following the violence in Gaza . She believed it was motivated by a sense of Christian solidarity . "  Often the group leaders feel that at times like these you really do have to go out and support the Christians , because they desperately need the support . " Ghattas said that authorities remained hopeful the number of visitor bookings would recover so pilgrims could enjoy the city 's planned events , which included a Christmas tree lighting ceremony on December 15 , and a choral festival before midnight Mass on Christmas Eve . "  They 're optimistic that the numbers will go up , and it will be safe here , " she said . "  Christmas is a period where people all around the world come to Palestine . It 's a center of attention and a time of peace . I do n't think any political conflicts will happen during that period -- we hope . It 's really important to have peace in this season . "	Authorities in Bethlehem say Christians have been canceling Christmas pilgrimages The cause is the recent conflict in the region between Israel and Hamas They hope bookings will recover due to interest following a U.N. status upgrade Bethlehem , in the West Bank , is the most important tourist site in the Palestinian Territories
London  CNN  -- The world 's most influential political and business leaders are gathering in an upmarket ski resort in the Swiss Alps this week to discuss the biggest challenges facing society in 2012 . Six hundred miles away from the snows of Davos , in rainy London members of the Occupy movement are celebrating 100 days since they set up camp outside St Paul 's Cathedral , hoping to find solutions to some of the same problems . The protesters have been there since October 15 last year , battling both the elements and the authorities . Their decision to establish a protest village in the heart of London 's financial district , the City , was a controversial one . Demonstrators had first attempted to occupy the nearby London Stock Exchange , but were quickly moved on . Instead they pitched their tents around the steps of St Paul 's , one of the most famous landmarks in the city : A symbol of London 's endurance during the dark days of the Blitz , and a site of celebration , as the venue for the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer in 1981 . The camp sparked rows between the authorities and the church , which stepped in to protect the occupiers from the police , allowing them to stay , despite threats of eviction . Two leading members of St Paul 's later resigned over the row . Jesse Jackson : Occupy in memory of MLK Occupy London spokeswoman Naomi Colvin says the movement has achieved a tremendous amount in its first 100 days . "  It has been an astounding success , " she told CNN . "  It is very noticeable how all the political parties represented in parliament have been bringing themselves around to Occupy -- we are setting agendas that others then follow . " Protester Bryn Phillips agrees : "  We 've raised a lot of important issues , we 've made it possible to discuss a lot of subjects which were not being mentioned , and we have been able to include the public and people who are usually excluded in that discourse . "  Five years ago , if you talked about the problems of capitalism , you were branded a maniac , now even -LSB- Conservative British Prime Minister -RSB- David Cameron is talking about the nature of capitalism ; we 've made it possible to discuss it without people accusing you of being a communist . " Last week , the City of London Corporation won a high court fight to force the closure of the camp . The occupiers insist they will appeal , but Phillips concedes it may be time to move on . "  Personally , I think it is time for the tents to go , " he said . "  They have served their purpose , but I think there is a risk of us becoming too emotionally attached to them . "  By occupying part of the City of London , we have found out a lot , we have raised a lot of issues : The lack of transparency , the lack of accountability , but we do n't need to be outside St Paul 's to do that any more . " Colvin insists , though , that any shift away from the original site will not signify the end of Occupy London -- quite the contrary : Whether or not the St Paul 's camp survives , she says , the movement itself will continue to make its presence felt in the coming weeks , months and years . "  I think we will see day-long ` Occupations ' in city centers , in shopping areas and in other locations , and I think Occupy will spread out more into the community , " she said . "  We have brought a lot of people together , people with specialist knowledge , who have been able to create networks of expertise , and those links , those conversations will continue , whether the physical site is there or not . " Occupiers are already doing outreach work , giving talks in citizenship classes at local schools , and encouraging people to become more involved in democracy . Phillips says this and other community work is key . "  Our society has gradually been confiscated , fragmented over the past few years , and the point of Occupy is to help repair the severed links , to restore a sense of reciprocity and social cooperation . "  We need to get out into the boroughs and the parishes , and to support the non-economic institutions which are trying to do the same thing , whether that means churches or Citizens ' Advice Bureaus . " And some camping will continue at Finsbury Square , which began as an overflow from the main site at St Paul 's , and where there is , Colvin hopes , "  no threat of eviction " -- occupiers there are hoping to create a sustainable eco village . Paul , from Lincolnshire , is a relatively new arrival at Finsbury Square . He says Occupy was never intended as a quick-fix . "  It 's a long-term protest movement , " he told CNN , sitting in front of a wood-burner to keep warm in the drizzle . "  We 've seen huge one-day demonstrations before -- the march against the war in Iraq had 1.5 million people in it , but it did n't stop anything . "  The government is supposed to be there for the people , but they do n't do anything for us when we ask , " he said , explaining that he hopes that will change , in the face of a concerted and long-lasting Occupy campaign . Fellow occupier Jack , back at St Paul 's , agrees . "  We wo n't be rushed -- we are only three months into a discussion which is so big , and so important , how can you expect us to have reached a consensus already ? Give us a chance , be patient . " But Jack insists that Occupy is far more relevant to ordinary people than the World Economic Forum , which he says welcomes only the global elite . "  I think Davos is the complete opposite of Occupy -- Davos is there to represent the powerful , while we 're here to represent the people . We 're trying to balance things out as best we can , to show that there are alternatives to the system as it stands , to have a debate about it , but not to impose our views on people . "  Davos is very exclusive , whereas we welcome anyone , we are completely inclusive -- to the point of madness sometimes , because you do get the occasional crackpot -- and everyone is listened to . "  It seems very unequal , very unfair , because I do n't believe that -LSB- the delegates at Davos -RSB- all want to make the world a better place for everyone , and yet they are the ones holding all the tools , they are the ones with a lot of the power to do that . " But there are Occupiers in Davos too . They may not have made it onto the stage at the World Economic Forum , or be taking part in debates with the likes of Angela Merkel and Al Gore , but they are here all the same , in a temporary settlement of igloos and yurts near the conference center . Blog : Meeting the Occupy Davos protesters "  We are not just here to build igloos , " David Roth told CNN . "  We are here to have protests on the streets . "  We should take the power back ; we should not let the richest 1 % have the power -- they can not be the solution for our crisis , because they are the crisis , they are responsible for the crisis . " And there are signs that despite the icy temperatures , relations between the two camps , Occupy and the World Economic Forum , may be thawing . "  There have been attempts to broker a conversation , " says Colvin . "  It may not happen this year , but we hope it can happen in future . " Robert Greenhill , WEF managing director , recently dropped in to the Davos camp to help build one of the igloos , and later hinted on Twitter that the groups have more in common than some might think . "  Different approach , same goal : Improving the state of the world . " CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Irene Chapple in Davos contributed to this story .	Occupy protesters in Davos have built igloos to camp close to the World Economic Forum Davos Occupier : "  The 1 % can not be the solution - they are responsible for the crisis " Occupy London protest celebrates 100 days at St Paul 's Cathedral , ponders future plans WEF boss tweets : "  Different approach , same goal : Improving the state of the world "
CNN  -- On this week 's Tech Check podcast , writers Doug Gross , Stephanie Golberg and Mark Millian discuss Google 's recent announcement of a new privacy policy -- and the concerns some folks have voiced about it . The policy spells out the fact that Google is assembling users ' activity on all of its products -- from search to Gmail to phones running its Android system on smartphones . Google says it 's to enhance user experience  and better target ads  but some critics fear having all of that activity rounded up in one place . We also talk about a pretty stunning number concerning tablets and e-readers . Both types of devices are at least a couple of years old . But , according to a new survey , the number of people who own them in the United States nearly doubled during just a few weeks in November and December . Does this mean tablets and e-readers have reached a major tipping point ? Our Reader Comments of the Week come from a story about Facebook Timeline . The site said this week that the feature will no longer be optional . And our Tech Fail of the Week goes to a politician who flung around some statistics about Apple and Steve Jobs this week . If only he 'd thought to find out if they are actually true . To listen to Tech Check , click on the audio box to the left . To subscribe , you can add Tech Check to your RSS feed here . You can also listen , or subscribe , on iTunes or using mobile apps like Stitcher . In the mean time , you can find us on Twitter at @cnntech or on the CNN Tech page on Facebook .	Tech Check is CNN.com 's weekly podcast focused on technology and the Web This week , we discuss Google 's new privacy policies A huge increase in the number of e-readers and tablets is discussed Fail ! A politician gets taken to task for fuzzy math about Apple and Steve Jobs
CNN  -- The vetting process and the subsequent hiring of Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson seemed like standard procedure . But in recent days he has come under fire for the controversy surrounding his academic credentials . A graduate of Stonehill College , Thompson earned a bachelor 's degree in accounting . But his official biography at Yahoo and Paypal , where he worked previously , says that he also has a degree in computer science . Thompson probably could have gone further and claimed he had a master 's degree in engineering and no one would have questioned it . Holding these credentials seems very plausible for someone with Thompson 's job history . And since he was a well known and successful executive , a background check was probably put on the back burner . Why ? "  Groupthink " is a possible culprit . The term groupthink was coined by Irving Janis in 1972 to describe ill-fated decisions like in the cases of the Bay of Pigs invasion or the destruction of the Space Shuttle Challenger . In these instances , small , cohesive committees engaged in flawed decision-making while being under the gun to produce a result quickly . Group members feel the need to conform and be in a consensus , despite what their gut instincts tell them . While we do n't know all the factors that went into the vetting process of Thompson , the executive search committee that was responsible for his review may have engaged in groupthink . Fortunately , in Yahoo 's case , the only bad outcome is that jobs were lost under Thompson 's leadership . Thompson certainly is n't the only high profile executive to have been caught in this type of scandal . Plenty have come before him and plenty will come after him . In Thompson 's case , it turned out that he did n't even submit a resume , and that he reached out directly to Yahoo about the job . How his record got embellished is not exactly clear at this point . Whether he was in any way involved with enhancing his biography or somehow the resume mistakenly incorporated incorrect information , the firestorm over Thompson serves as food for thought about the bigger issue of embellishing one 's resume . Resume fraud is not uncommon . It is committed to gain a competitive edge in landing a job , but the rationale that people use to justify the fraud is less clear . Some people actually perceive their lies to be 80 % truths and therefore see no problem in fudging their resume . Other job seekers may feel the exaggerated information is permissible as a way to compensate for the many hard knocks they have endured in life . The more times that false information goes undetected , the more desensitized people become to their own deception , and will likely continue with this pattern of behavior . Research has suggested that the best predictor of one 's future behavior is one 's past behavior . The more pieces of the puzzle that a job search committee can put together about a candidate 's past , the more accurate it will be in assessing that individual . Nowadays , with a competitive job market and fewer jobs , recruiters should take extra precautions against resume fraud . In addition to background checks and verification of credentials , the interview process is an opportune time to ferret out any falsified information . Structured job interviews with standardized questions are ideal for determining how qualified a candidate is for a job . But employers should be just as concerned about the candidate 's characteristics , especially their level of integrity . The unstructured employment interview -- informal questioning or conversation -- is better at revealing a candidate 's personality traits . Candidates are usually caught off guard with small talk over dinner and drinks and inadvertently end up spilling the beans . Any red flags in a candidate 's past will have a high probability of being raised if they exist . Vetting a candidate thoroughly can sometimes be costly and time consuming , but it is worthwhile for the long-term health of the organization . I 'm sure this has been an expensive learning experience for Yahoo . Hopefully , others will take note . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melinda Blackman .	Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson has come under fire for lying about his academic degrees Melinda Blackman : "  Groupthink " may be a culprit in the hiring process of Thompson She says Thompson 's case raises larger issue of resume fraud Blackman : Vetting a job candidate thoroughly can be time consuming , but it 's important
CNN  -- A Greyhound passenger attacked the driver on a moving bus early Thursday in Arizona , police said , sending the vehicle on a jostling ride that injured 24 people . But quick-acting passengers helped prevent what could have been a gruesome outcome , authorities said . The assailant approached the driver , hit him and tried to take control of the wheel as the bus headed east on Interstate 10 around 1:45 a.m. roughly 50 miles west of Phoenix , police said . That sent the vehicle bouncing across an uneven median , Arizona Department of Public Safety Officer Carrick Cook said . Other passengers jumped to their feet , subdued the attacker and helped the driver stop the bus in the median , just seconds before it would have barreled head-on into other vehicles , police said . "  This thing traveled about 300 feet in the median , bouncing up and down , and that 's where the injuries occurred , " Cook said . " ... I think the officer  at the scene  said it was about 6 feet from going into oncoming traffic . " Police said they believe the attacker was Maquel Donyel Morris , 25 . He fled into the desert , but returned 30 minutes later and was arrested , Cook said . It was n't immediately clear what led to the attack , Cook said . Among the injured , one suffered fractures to the lower body , and one sustained a back injury , Cook said . At least 21 were taken to hospitals , he said . No immediate public statement was made on Morris ' behalf .	A passenger attacked a driver on moving bus on an Arizona interstate 24 people were injured as the bus bounced on the median , police say Passengers helped subdue attacker and narrowly avoided a collision with other vehicles The alleged attacker fled but later returned and was arrested
CNN  -- With five eggs , Natalie Holt did to Simon Cowell what hundreds of reality show singing contestants have wanted to do for years . The woman pelted the rather acerbic singing competition judge with the eggs during Saturday night 's live finale of "  Britain 's Got Talent . " According to EW.com , Holt was playing in the backup orchestra for brothers Adam and Richard Johnson when she got up from her chair onstage . With an egg carton in her left hand , she cut through the young men and began to toss eggs at Cowell and the other judges . Holt , who had a sheepish grin on her face , tossed at least five eggs at Cowell before security stopped her . The brothers kept singing , finishing an operatic version of "  The Impossible Dream . " At least one toss must have hit its mark , because Cowell removed his jacket after the incident . Cowell tweeted on Sunday : "  I do n't think eggs should be allowed on talent shows . Discuss ? " Holt is not the first person to throw something at Cowell . When he was a judge on "  American Idol , " he panned and snickered throughout Jonathan Rey 's audition for the third season . Rey approached the judge 's table , struggled with Cowell over a plastic drink cup and tossed water on the judge .	Woman throws five eggs in general direction of Simon Cowell Cowell takes off jacket after incident EW reports she was in the orchestra on stage when she began tossing eggs
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Twenty men are engaged in fiery debate on a sidewalk near Nairobi 's Westgate mall , where terrorists stormed the shopping center and killed at least 67 people . A man at the center gestures emphatically as some listen and nod . Others shake their heads . Here and at coffee shops and barbershops and social spots the debate is much the same : Should Kenya withdraw its troops from Somalia after terrorists stormed the mall ? The terrorists who attacked the mall on Saturday claimed to be members of Somalia-based Al-Shabaab and barked out their resentment of Kenyan troops in their country . "  They said , ` We are the Al-Shabaab , we are here to kill you for killing our women in Somalia , ' " said Jane Kamau , who hid in a box when attackers opened fire at the mall . Kenya entered a high-stakes gamble two years ago when it sent troops to neighboring Somalia to flush out the Islamist militants it accused of kidnapping and killing foreigners in the coastal area . The abductions affected Kenya 's once-bustling tourism industry , a major hit to the nation 's revenue . Al-Shabaab vowed to attack Kenya until it withdrew its troops . Since then , grenades have landed at bus stops , churches , mosques and bars , killing dozens . Militants have regularly taken to social media to brag about their attacks and to threaten more . ` We need to protect our borders ' John Mutua , part of the sidewalk debate , said keeping troops in Somalia is not the best option . "  We need to get them out , " said the 34-year-old businessman . "  They 'll keep killing us , and we 'll continue killing them -- it will never end . We should all stop fighting , start afresh . " Next to him , bank teller John Kamau , 28 , shakes his head vehemently . "  That 's nonsense , it 's not that easy , " he said . "  We 're already in too deep . We will be considered cowards if we get out . They  Al-Shabaab  started it by killing and kidnapping people in our own land . " Mutua waves him off . He tries to draw in a Kenyan soldier standing guard near the cordoned-off area near the mall . "  Do you guys like being in Somalia ? " Mutua asks . The soldier glares at him and turns the other way , clutching a long rifle . At a barber and hair-stylist shop about 20 miles from the mall , a similar debate is under way . Jane Njeri sits under a buzzing hair dryer . She pops her head out long enough to give her two cents , before tucking her head back . "  The reason the troops invaded is because our borders were porous to begin with , " she said . "  We need to fix our security . We need to protect our borders . Those troops fighting in Somalia , we need to bring them home to help with those efforts . If we fix our security , we do n't have to fear terrorists . " Philex Ambani , 23 , said sending the troops there was not a good idea to begin with . But they should stay , he said . "  If they want our soldiers to get out , they need to stop killing us , " he said . "  It 's that simple . It was n't worth it to go there over a bunch of tourists , but we are already there . We ca n't give up now . " The Westgate mall standoff ended Tuesday , according to government officials . It was the worst terror attack in the nation since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy in 1998 , leaving more than 200 dead . Kenya 's president steadfast Kenya is East Africa 's biggest economy and a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent . It is also a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region . It provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudans . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ruled out the withdrawal of the military , which is now part of the African Union forces battling the militants in Somalia . "  We went as a nation to Somalia to fight the war against terror unleashed on Kenyan people , Somali people and people around the world , " Kenyatta said this week . "  This is not a Kenyan war , this is an international war . " Godwin Murunga , deputy director of the African Leadership Centre in Nairobi , said the threat facing Kenya is complex and withdrawal from Somalia is not advisable . But revamped security in the nation , he said , will go a long way . "  Kenya needs to bring its citizens together to recognize security threats , to mobilize them into a common security consciousness and surveillance system that they trust and have confidence in , " Murunga wrote in an opinion piece for CNN . ` Do n't ask me about Shabaab ' Having seen what happened to many of the victims of the mall massacre , Agnes Mumbua said she will do whatever she can to help protect herself . A Catholic , she plans to learn how Muslims pray and the names of major Islamic figures . Survivors of the mall massacre have said attackers asked victims whether they were Muslims . Those who failed to answer questions about Islam were killed , they said . "  If learning the Quran will help save me , I will do what it takes , " she said . "  It seems the Kenya government is not leaving Somalia soon , so I might as well protect myself . " Government officials have said the terror attack killed 62 people and five of the suspected 15 terrorists . At least 61 people remain missing , the Kenyan Red Cross has said . Back on the sidewalk near Westgate , insurance agent Frederick Omolo shakes his head when asked his opinion about Al-Shabaab . "  Do n't ask me about Shabaab . I do n't want to hear that word in my life , ever , " he said . He 's listening to the debate on the militant group , a brown envelope in his hand . In it are life insurance documents for his friend John , whom he was going to meet at a coffee house at the mall . He was in the parking lot on his way to drop them off for John to sign when he heard gunshots and took off , clutching the envelope . His friend never left the mall . No one has seen him since . "  On second thought , " Omolo said , "  let 's improve our security big time , post armed cops in major public venues , do a sweep of areas suspected of harboring terrorists , then keep our troops in Somalia to do the job . " Omolo passed by the mall every day during the hostage crisis and sat on a sidewalk behind the police barricade , holding the insurance papers . They are still in the brown envelope .	Kenyan troops have been in Somalia since 2011 to try to root out terrorists The terrorists who killed dozens in Nairobi said they resent troops ' presence Some Kenyans say it 's time to get out and start afresh Others say withdrawing is a sign of cowardice and that border security is key
CNN  -- Nearly 2.1 billion people -- about 30 % of the world 's population -- use the Internet , according to the most recent data compiled by internetworldstats.com . That 's more than five times the amount of people who were online at the end of the year 2000 . The most Internet users are in China and the United States , but China 's 485 million users account for only 36.3 % of the country 's population . The Internet is much more common in the U.S. , where its 245 million users make up 78.2 % of the population . The most wired countries in the world are Monaco and Iceland , where at least 97 % of people are online . Nordic countries , in general , stand out for their high online presence . Norway is third on the list , behind Iceland with 94.4 % . Sweden  92.4 %  , Greenland  90.2 %  , Denmark  85.9 %  and Finland  85.2 %  are also in the top 10 . At the bottom of the list are mostly poor African countries , including Liberia , Ethiopia and Somalia . More comparisons : Where are the undernourished ? Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Nordic countries dominate the top 10 list for highest online presence At least 97 % of people in Monaco and Iceland are online , according to Internet World Stats China has 485 million Internet users , but that 's only about a third of its entire population
CNN  -- Months after apologizing for overeager users fingering innocent people as potential suspects in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings , Reddit on Monday shut down a section devoted to chasing down the Washington Navy Yard shooter . Clicking on the page , or "  subreddit " as specialized communities are called on the site , "  FindNavyYardShooters " now leads to an image of a closed door wrapped in yellow "  Caution " tape and a message saying it has been banned . "  We banned it because it violated site rules by encouraging the posting of personal information , " Reddit general manager Erik Martin said in a prepared statement . "  We do n't allow the posting of personal information under any circumstances . " The subreddit was created when authorities were still searching for suspects and it was unclear whether there was one shooter or multiple shooters . But Reddit shut it down almost immediately . Police have since named Aaron Alexis , 34 , as the lone gunman . He was killed Monday in a shootout with security at the naval yard . In separate subreddit about Washington D.C. , a related post , "  Active Shooter Washington Navy Yard , " continued with Reddit 's blessing . Users posted links to news sources , information from law enforcement and other official information in an effort to keep people informed in the shooting 's aftermath . On Tuesday , some were speculating that the Navy Yard subreddit may have been a joke . The user who created it uses the name "  uglyredditors " and may have just been trolling -- doing something stupid or cruel just to get a reaction out of others . Brian Merchant at Vice captured a screen shot of early conversation in the subreddit , which was mostly jokes , profanity and people saying the subreddit was a bad idea in light of Boston . "  Yes , nothing bad is going to come of this , surely " one user wrote . "  Are they really going to let this s *** happen twice ? " In April , redditors banded together to try to piece together what happened in the Boston bombings , which killed three people and injured more than 260 others . What resulted was the sharing of photos of "  suspects " that had been taken near the marathon 's finish line . Among other theories , users speculated that Sunil Tripathi , a Brown University student who had been missing since March , could be a possible suspect in the bombings . Tripathi 's family temporarily took down a Facebook page asking for help finding him after they were bombarded by ugly comments . Tripathi 's body was found later that month in Rhode Island 's Providence River . No foul play was suspected , police said , although an official cause of death has still not been reported . Amid the confusion over the Boston bombings , other Reddit users focused on two young men with heavy-looking bags , one of whom wore a blue track suit . The New York Post even splashed a photo of the two marathon spectators on its front page with the headline , "  Bag Men : Feds seek these two pictured at Boston Marathon . " The guy in the track suit turned out to be a 17-year-old suburban Boston track star who told The Associated Press he was afraid to leave his house because of the scrutiny . "  We hoped that the crowdsourced search for new information would not spark exactly this type of witch hunt , " Reddit 's Martin said at the time . "  We were wrong . " Founded in 2005 , Reddit has become a hugely popular site divided into more than 5,400 communities that have essentially revamped the early Web 's bulletin boards , with users posting information , links and thoughts rapidly in real time . It has almost 70 million monthly users .	Reddit shuts down community created to seek Navy Yard shooters Site , which was embarrassed in the wake of Boston bombings , says it violated its terms Reddit bans the posting of personal information about others Aaron Alexis , 34 , has been named the lone shooter and was killed in the attack
CNN  -- One person survived the crash of a military plane Tuesday in the mountains of eastern Algeria that left at least 77 others dead , a spokeswoman for the country 's Civil Protection office said . The spokeswoman , who could not give her name in line with protocol , said there were a total of 78 people on board the plane . The man who survived has head injuries and was taken to a hospital , she added . Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika declared a three-day national mourning period and offered his condolences to the families of the victims , the state-run Algerie Presse Service  APS  reported . The Hercules C-130 was carrying members of the Algerian air force and their families , according to several media outlets in Algeria . Initial reports on the crash gave conflicting numbers , with some saying 103 people were on board the aircraft and as many as 100 had died . Others cited 52 deaths and more than two dozen missing . The plane was flying from Tamanrasset in southern Algeria to Constantine in the east , the Defense Ministry said in a statement . "  An investigative team has been created and sent to the scene to determine the cause and the exact circumstances of this tragic accident , " the Defense Ministry statement said , adding that top military officials were heading to the crash site . The plane crashed in Mount Fertas , which is about 500 kilometers  310 miles  east of Algeris , according to APS . State radio , citing a military source , said bad weather was behind the crash . There was a snowstorm in the area when the plane went down , witnesses told the radio network .	NEW : Civil Protection office says 77 dead , 1 survivor NEW : The plane crashed in Mount Fertas , about 310 miles from Algiers Those aboard included women and children , state radio reports Witnesses say there was a snowstorm in the area
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Concerns about the effects of toxins emitted from burning trash at military installations in Iraq and Afghanistan have members of Congress demanding more tests and research . The U.S. military burns waste -- including medical waste -- in pits near an Air Force base in Iraq . The members of Congress want information from the military to see if there is statistical validity to complaints about illness and disease suffered by troops who served in those countries . The emissions , from what are known as "  burn pits , " have been a concern for troops , especially those who served at Balad Air Force Base in Iraq . Many of the soldiers who went through Balad since the beginning of the war became used to "  Iraqi crud , " as they dubbed the symptom of excessive coughing and black phlegm . Soldiers complained of respiratory problems and skin infections , and in some cases believe they developed leukemia and tumors from the exposure . The pits at Balad were at one point open and burning everything from plastics and food to medical waste . In later years , incinerators were installed at Balad , but many other bases in Iraq and Afghanistan still use the pits without incinerators to burn garbage . Various tests by the military concluded that emissions are not harmful . The military said smoke from the pit exposed troops to toxic emissions , including low levels of cancer-causing dioxins . But its tests indicate there is no long-term danger , officials said . "  The data indicate that there are no substances above a health threshold that should generate any long-term health risks , including cancer , " Craig Postlewaite of the force readiness and health assurance office at the Department of Defense said . At the Pentagon 's Force Health Protection Directorate , officials analyzed more than 160 air samples and concluded , in a soon to be released report , that the only risk is of temporary respiratory distress , nothing that poses a long-term threat . But many -- including some members of Congress -- remain unconvinced . "  After years of helping veterans of the Vietnam and Gulf wars cope with the health effects of toxic battlefields , we have learned that we must take exposures to toxins seriously to ensure that this generation of service members does not face the same difficulties , " the congressmen say in the letter to be sent Monday to the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology . The letter , signed by six representatives including Rep. Tim Bishop , D-New York , asks for data from the military about tumor rates to see if a pattern of problems can be ascertained . CNN was given a copy of the letter in advance . "  We are collecting this data in order to help better understand what is happening to our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , " the letter explains . "  This would help to ensure specific benefits for service members who have been discharged from service if they become disabled because of certain diseases . "	Congress wants information to see if there is validity to illness , disease complaints Military burned food , medical supplies in "  burn pits " in Iraq , Afghanistan Soldiers talked of "  Iraqi crud " -- excessive coughing and black phlegm Military says tests show that emission levels are not harmful
Wilmington , Delaware  CNN  -- Prosecutors across Delaware are dropping charges in scores of drug cases -- and thousands of others remain in limbo -- as an investigation continues into missing evidence at the chief medical examiner 's drug lab . Delaware Public Defender Brendan O'Neill told CNN that prosecutors are throwing in the towel on one drug case after another . "  It seems the state is willing to settle on very favorable terms for the defendant or drop the case altogether , " he said . In February , Delaware State Police announced a joint investigation with the Delaware attorney general 's office after drug evidence at the state 's controlled-substances lab had gone missing , been tampered with or been substituted . At the time , there were 3,700 pending drug cases , 500 of which were felony cases . "  Access to the drug evidence locker was not restricted to , or monitored by , a single individual and could be accessed by any OCME employee with a passkey and a passcode , " Deputy Attorney General Caroline Cleary wrote in a letter , dated April 16 , to O'Neill 's office . Cleary continued , "  The door to the locker was left open at times . " O'Neill said , "  The drug lab failed in its most basic security protocols and undermined the reliability of any evidence it maintains . " Every state and local police agency has been working to complete internal audits of a total of more than 20,000 evidence bags . The drug lab has remained closed , and the state is sending drug evidence to a private lab in Pennsylvania to be analyzed . No one has been arrested in the investigation of the drug lab . The chief medical examiner , Dr. Richard Callery , who makes $ 198,500 a year , was suspended with pay in late February on another matter involving his alleged moonlighting job performing autopsies for the state of Rhode Island .	Delaware prosecutors are dropping drug cases amid a drug-lab investigation State police , attorney general shut the lab after evidence went missing , was altered Local and state law enforcement are auditing more than 20,000 evidence bags
President Barack Obama appeared to have his most promising window yet in the coming months to keep his promise to close the military-run prison at Guantanamo Bay . Then he made the Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl swap . The trade of five Taliban members at Guantanamo to free Bergdahl , the last remaining American captive in the Afghanistan war , ignored congressional restrictions President Barack Obama signed in the annual defense policy law that require him to notify Congress 30 days before transferring prisoners . In the weeks before , administration officials and Democratic aides working on the closure issue were optimistic that they could find a way to remove the most difficult congressional restrictions when a new law is approved later this year . Hints at that optimism showed up in Obama 's recent speeches , where he has mentioned his hopes to close the prison housing terror detainees after long largely avoiding the issue . House and Senate versions of the upcoming defense authorization law still contain hurdles . The Senate version would allow transfers of Guantanamo prisoners to the United States on the condition that the administration first submits a closure plan and Congress has a chance to disapprove . Sen. Carl Levin , the Armed Services Committee chairman , who for years was cautious about Obama 's closure plans , has warmed to the idea that shutting the prison can be done safely if the administration has laid out a plan . To that end , the Justice Department in recent weeks issued a legal opinion saying that Guantanamo detainees transferred to the United States for trial or indefinite detention under the laws of war do n't have rights under immigration law to be released on U.S. soil . The House version of the bill still blocks transfers . The White House has also issued a veto threat if the restrictions survive the period of legislative negotiation that produces a final law . Administration officials note that Obama attached a notice when he signed the current defense policy law calling the restrictions unconstitutional and reserving the right to bypass the notification requirement if there was a national security interest . The administration has said the exchange that led to Bergdahl 's freedom was expedited due to fears his life was in jeopardy , though the administration had notified Congress that an exchange was a possibility . Rep. Buck McKeon , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , was angered by the Bergdahl swap and appears to have stiffened his opposition . In an interview with CNN on Sunday , McKeon said despite Obama 's plan to close Guantanamo , "  Congress has passed a law and he has signed a law that he will not close Guantanamo . Whatever his desires are , that does not conform to the law and he is the chief administrator of the law of the nation and should uphold his constitutional obligation to follow the law . " A senior administration official told CNN that Obama knew his decision to secure Bergdahl 's release through a prisoner exchange would generate debate and would spark a discussion about both winding down the war in Afghanistan and closing the prison at Guantanamo . "  With respect to the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , the President has said repeatedly -- in last year 's speech at  National Defense University  , in this year 's State of the Union , and in last week 's speech at West Point -- that he believes the continued operation of the detention facility harms our national security , " Caitlin Hayden , spokeswoman for the National Security Council . "  Our policy on Guantanamo Bay is the same now as it was prior to Sergeant Bergdahl 's recovery -- the United States will repatriate , resettle , or prosecute detainees at Guantanamo Bay to the greatest extent possible , consistent with U.S. national security interests and our humane treatment policy , " she said . The Bergdahl exchange muddled the administration 's claim of laying the blame on Congress for blocking the Guantanamo closure . Obama demonstrated that he believes he is justified in releasing prisoners without congressional approval . Administration officials have said Obama prefers to work with Congress to carry out the closure . Some Democrats also have expressed qualms about Obama 's handling of the Bergdahl swap . Sen. Diane Feinstein said she would like Obama to brief the Intelligence Committee . Levin said he plans to question administration officials about what impact the 30-day notification would have had on the prisoner exchange . Still , he said the administration satisfied the law . "  We received a detailed classified notification from the secretary of defense that satisfies the many substantive certification requirements of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 , " Levin said in a statement Tuesday . Levin said later that the classified notification came two days after Bergdahl 's release , but Congress had been given due notice last December that the President may choose to not follow the requirements set out by Congress . "  The President put Congress on notice on December 23 , 2013 , that he intended to exercise his powers as commander in chief , if necessary , ` to act swiftly in conducting negotiations with foreign countries regarding the circumstances of detainee transfers . ' While the President can not change the law with a signing statement , given that notice , members of Congress should not be surprised that he acted as he did in the circumstances that existed . "	President Obama appeared to be on track to keeping a major campaign promise He has long said he wanted to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba But the deal that freed Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl in Afghanistan complicates that goal
Director Spike Lee issued an apology Wednesday night to a Florida couple who had to leave their home after he retweeted a message that erroneously listed their address as belonging to George Zimmerman . "  I Deeply Apologize To The McClain Family For Retweeting Their Address , " Lee tweeted . "  It Was A Mistake . Please Leave The McClain 's In Peace . Justice In Court " Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer who claimed he killed teenager Trayvon Martin in self-defense last month , lives more than 4 miles from David and Elaine McClain . He is reported to be in hiding . The McClains moved into a hotel room after the retweets . "  We got out of the house . It is just too scary , " Elaine McClain told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Wednesday before the Lee apology . "  We 've got to quit the hatred and the vengeance and start looking on the inside of people and quit looking on the outside of people . It is just sad the reactions that have been going on . " She told CNN Orlando affiliate WKMG that her youngest son has the last name of Zimmerman and the middle name George . The couple told the station they received a letter addressed to George Zimmerman on Monday . On the back was a reference to Skittles . Outcry mounts in Trayvon Martin case Zimmerman fatally shot Martin , 17 , on February 26 as the teen was walking back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford . Martin was wearing a hoodie and carrying Skittles candy and a can of iced tea he had purchased from a nearby convenience store . Elaine McClain said the couple called police after receiving the letter . Lee , who has 250,000 Twitter followers , retweeted the address over the weekend , and it went viral . The man who initially sent the message , identified on his Twitter account as Marcus D. Higgins of Los Angeles , also apologized . What the witnesses are saying David McClain said they have accepted that , but want a retraction of the tweet with an apology attached . Elaine McClain told HLN that an apology from Lee "  could be a healing for this community . " Attorney and TV personality Lisa Bloom told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Wednesday that the couple probably had legal recourse . Evolution of the hoodie "  This , in my opinion , is an invasion of their privacy and is defamatory to imply they had something to do with this incident , which they did n't . " A rapid remedy would include an apology from Lee and an offer to pay their security costs for a few days . "  Make it right before this blows up to something bigger , " Bloom said . The McClains have hired Orlando attorney John Morgan , who said they might have a civil claim against Lee . "  Fortunately , this couple is not about that right now . " "  What they want to do is get a retraction , get an apology so everybody knows that that 's not the house , " Morgan told Velez-Mitchell .	Spike Lee apologizes for retweeting address of family 4 miles from Zimmerman Couple at address say they 're interested in community healing Lee had been under fire for sending retweet over weekend
CNN  -- Jim Lehrer , the mainstay of public television 's longest running news show , is stepping aside as anchor of "  PBS Newshour " next month , PBS announced Thursday . Lehrer will continue working with the daily show , helping with editorial direction and moderating a weekly segment , the network said . "  I have been laboring in the glories of daily journalism for 52 years , 36 of them here at the Newshour and its earlier incarnations and there comes a time to step aside from the daily process , and that time has arrived , " Lehrer said in a written statement . The move becomes effective on June 6 , PBS said . Lehrer served as the show 's Washington correspondent when it premiered as the half-hour "  Robert MacNeil Report " in 1975 . It was renamed "  The MacNeil/Lehrer Report " the next year to reflect his larger role . It became "  The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer " when Robert MacNeil retired in 1995 . Lehrer began paving the way for this transition in December 2009 when he agreed to drop his name from the title , making it the "  PBS Newshour . " A multi-anchor team featuring Lehrer has hosted the show since the latest name change . "  It is the most constructive and graceful exit strategy I have ever seen for someone holding a coveted and senior position in today 's media , " MacNeil said in a written statement . "  It guarantees a continued place in today 's bewildering media spectrum for a program that will stay devoted to serious journalism . " Lehrer will be on the show "  on many Friday evenings " to moderate the weekly analysis of syndicated columnist Mark Shields and New York Times columnist David Brooks , PBS said .	Lehrer steps aside on June 6 He will appear "  on many Friday evenings " to moderate a panel He began his PBS career on the "  Robert MacNeil Report " in 1975 The show was renamed "  The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer " in 1995
Remember when vitamin C was hailed as the best , and maybe only , cold remedy ? Then it became the Rodney Dangerfield of vitamins : It did n't get any respect . Citrus and other sources of Vitamin C can help fend off cancer , strokes and Alzheimer 's disease . The nutrient 's glory days of curing scurvy-riddled sailors via juicy citrus fruit seemed to be the only thing keeping its reputation afloat , particularly after a massive research review found C to be virtually useless for fighting colds . But do n't believe it . The truth is that scientists have taken a fresh look at C -- and have found lots of new ways it can help you stay healthy and look and feel younger . Here 's the latest on what C can really do for you . Prevent wrinkles You ca n't pick up a beauty product these days without the label touting its antioxidants . There 's a good reason : Antioxidants -- like vitamin C -- help turn back the clock . An October 2007 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that people who ate foods rich in vitamin C had fewer wrinkles and less age-related dry skin than those whose diets contained only small amounts of the vitamin . C helps form collagen , which smooths fine lines and wrinkles , according to Patricia Farris , MD , clinical assistant professor of dermatology at Tulane University in New Orleans . The key seems to be C 's ability to fight free radicals , a by-product of cell metabolism in your body . Free radicals are thought to attack proteins , fats , and DNA and break down collagen . C also seems to guard against ultraviolet rays from the sun , which can lead to freckles and a mottled complexion . "  Vitamin C does some repair and firming on the skin , " Farris says . Health.com : Can you guess her age ? What to do now : Use a topical vitamin C treatment daily after you wash your face and before you slather on moisturizer or sunscreen so it penetrates the skin . Farris recommends La Roche-Posay Active C facial moisturizer or SkinCeuticals C E Ferulic topical antioxidant treatment . Protect your heart Experts continue to argue about whether antioxidants like vitamin C can prevent heart disease . But some of the evidence is highly persuasive . When Finnish researchers looked at studies involving nearly 300,000 people over 10 years , they found that taking more than 700 milligrams of C supplements daily reduced the risk of cardiovascular disease by 25 percent . And a recent study from Harvard University researchers hints that women who take a combo of 500 milligrams of vitamin C daily and 600 IU of vitamin E  another antioxidant  can cut their risk of stroke by 30 percent . It 's possible that people who take vitamin supplements simply have healthier lifestyles than those who do n't , which could explain this finding . It 's also possible , experts say , that C enhances the functioning of endothelial cells  which line the inside of all blood vessels  , slowing artery clogging and lowering blood pressure . What to do now : Eat a lot of fruits and vegetables , which are full of vitamin C as well as other healthy nutrients , and consider taking C and E supplements . Experts say there are essentially no risks , but first check with your doctor . Health.com : Get your C 's here Keep cancer at bay A diet full of vitamin C -- rich fruits and vegetables is n't just good for your heart , it may also lower your risks of bladder , esophagus , stomach , and lung cancers . Even though more research is needed to find out which compounds in fruits and veggies do the trick , researchers say the association is strong . Someday , C may also be used to treat cancer . High levels of C given intravenously seem to be toxic to cancer cells  studies on vitamin C taken orally showed no effect on cancerous cells  . Intravenous C appears to trigger the formation of hydrogen peroxide , which kills some cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unharmed , says lead study author Mark Levine , MD , chief of the molecular and clinical nutrition section and senior staff physician at the National Institutes of Health . Levine says doctors at the University of Kansas Medical School and Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia are trying this therapy on cancer patients . What to do now : "  Strive for five or more fruits and vegetables daily , in a rainbow of colors , " Levine says . "  It 's where the most benefit is . Health.com : CAn C fight off a cold ? Boost brain power Pairing vitamins C and E is smart for another reason : It may lessen your Alzheimer 's risks by as much as 64 percent , according to research in the Archives of Neurology . Just 500 milligrams of C and 400 IU of E appear to be enough . The brain 's high fat content makes it especially vulnerable to free radicals , but these antioxidants may act as shields , says study author Peter Zandi , PhD , an assistant professor at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  Some studies suggest that vitamin E does its job reducing free radicals in the body , but then its capacity is depleted , " Zandi says . "  Vitamin C may recharge E. " Health.com : The best multivitamin for you What to do now : Try taking C and E supplements , and talk to your doc about your risks for Alzheimer 's and dementia . Save your eyesight Vitamin C ca n't prevent the need for reading glasses around age 45 . But anti-oxidants , including C , help prevent one of the leading causes of blindness : age-related macular degeneration  AMD  . More than 3.5 million Americans are thought to be in the early stages , and the disease strikes more women than men . A major clinical trial sponsored by the National Eye Institute showed that a daily supplement of 500 milligrams of vitamin C , 400 IU of vitamin E , 15 milligrams of beta-carotene , 80 milligrams of zinc , and 2 milligrams of copper reduced the risk of moderate or severe AMD-related vision loss by up to 25 percent . The antioxidants neutralize damage to the retina caused by , you guessed it , free radicals . What to do now : If you 're at high risk for AMD  you 're overweight or have a family history  , check to see if your multi-vitamin contains the study 's amounts of C , E , beta-carotene/vitamin A , zinc , and copper . Chances are , its C and E levels fall short , but additional supplements will do the job .  Caveat : Do n't follow this advice if you smoke ; this level of beta-carotene may up your lung-cancer risks . Help you live longer You 've probably heard that green tea boosts the body 's defenses against toxins . That 's important because toxins are thought to contribute to cancer , heart attack , stroke , and lots of other maladies . In fact , one to two cups a day may reduce a woman 's risk of dying by about 20 per-cent , Japanese researchers say . What 's the vitamin C connection ? Citrus juices  lemon , lime , orange  may supercharge the immunity-boosting power of green tea . A new Purdue University study found that mixing citrus juice with green tea allowed 80 percent of the tea 's anti-oxidants to stick around after simulated digestion , making the pairing healthier than thought , says study author Mario G. Ferruzzi , PhD , assistant professor in Purdue 's department of food and nutrition . What to do now : Add at least an ounce of citrus juice to your green tea -- or try Tazo Lemon Green iced tea or SoBe Green Tea 3G . Both drinks are stocked with vitamin C. E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Vitamin C helps form collagen , which helps smooth wrinkles Women taking Vitamin C and E can cut their risk of having a stroke Adding citrus to green tea can increase its immune-boosting power Pairing Vitamin C and E can lessen risk of Alzheimer 's by 64
CNN  Thousands more art treasures could be destroyed in Iraq and Syria , antiquities experts fear , after ISIS released a video showing militants smashing artifacts at a museum in Mosul , Iraq . "  It 's tragic to see this destruction , " William Webber , from the UK-based Art Loss Register , told CNN . "  Each time you see this you think it ca n't happen again , but it does . Now other Greco-Roman treasures are at risk around Mosul in Iraq , as well as other artifacts in Palmyra and Raqqa in Syria . " The video shows men taking sledgehammers to statues , and hammers and drills to the treasures . Qais Hussain Rashid , director general of Iraqi museums at the Ministry of Antiquities and Tourism , said Friday on Iraqiya TV he believed most of the artifacts shown in the ISIS video were real -- including a famed , millennia-old winged bull that 's seen being defaced with a drill . "  Mosul Museum has 173 original pieces , and there were preparations to reopen the Mosul Museum before ISIS invaded the city on June 2014 , " Rashid said . He added that Mosul has more than 1,700 historical sites that are potentially at risk . An unnamed militant offers the following explanation : "  These antiquities and idols behind me were from people in past centuries and were worshiped instead of God . "  When God Almighty orders to us destroy these statues , idols and antiquities , we must do it , even if they 're worth billions of dollars . " CNN has extensively reported on ISIS ' destruction of some ancient and deeply meaningful sites in Iraq . Officials there have said ISIS has blown up shrines such as the tomb of Jonah . "  If you 're going to eradicate someone 's identity the best way is to eradicate their art , " Webber said . "  They see this art as blasphemous because it portrays deities . In areas of Syria , ISIS is also attacking anything that 's pre-Islamic or that they do n't agree with in Shia areas or in Christian churches . " Most of the sculptures being destroyed were from the Assyrian period -LSB- roughly 2500 to 605BC -RSB- , Webber said . Militants were pulling them over and smashing them ; bigger relief pieces were being smashed with hammers . "  It 's very depressing and shocking . If they have control of the whole museum they could destroy the whole lot , or sell some pieces such as coins , tablets and cylinder seals . " It 's unclear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals , versus replicas . Webber said he hoped that some of the items were copies rather than the real thing , but added that at least some of those shown in the video were genuine . "  Much of the material in the museums was made out of limestone or fragile stone , so if you threw it to the floor it might look as though it was made of plaster of Paris , but really it 's just fragile . It 's tragic to see it . " Webber said that following vandalism at provincial museums in the wake of the first Gulf War , many antiquities were moved to Baghdad , where they were ransacked in 2003 . "  It appears that they had not been moved from this museum in Mosul . " Other experts agreed that the items destroyed appeared to be genuine . "  On repeated viewing of that very grainy video , we now suspect that there  were  far more originals in the museum than I first thought , " said Eleanor Robson , chairwoman of the British Institute for the Study of Iraq . "  Whilst there was indeed a program to relocate antiquities to safekeeping in Baghdad , it looks now as though it did n't reach that particular museum . "	Antiquities experts fear thousands more art treasures could be destroyed in Iraq and Syria after ISIS militants destroy artifacts Video shows men taking sledgehammers to statues , and hammers and drills to the treasures Other Greco-Roman treasures are at risk around Mosul in Iraq , as well as other artifacts in Palmyra and Raqqa in Syria , says one expert
Washington  CNN  -- Calling him one of America 's "  most experienced and most respected intelligence professionals , " President Barack Obama has nominated Air Force Lt. Gen. James Clapper to be the new director of national intelligence . "  He possesses a quality that I value in all my advisers , a willingness to tell leaders what we need to know , even if it 's not what we want to hear , " said Obama . He made the announcement in the Rose Garden with Clapper on Saturday . Clapper , who retired from the Air Force in 1995 after a 32-year career , served as head of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency from September 2001 to June 2006 . Clapper , now a top Pentagon intelligence official , would replace Dennis Blair , who resigned at the end of last month . Obama said he 'll be looking for Clapper "  to ensure that we have the most capable and efficient intelligence community possible . " If confirmed , Clapper will become the nation 's fourth DNI in the last five years . The position was created after the September 2001 terrorist attacks to oversee the 16 agencies of the U.S. intelligence community . Obama said he 's indicated to other Senate leaders that the confirmation should be carried out "  swiftly . " "  The Senate has voted to confirm Jim for senior positions on four separate occasions , and each time it has done so overwhelmingly , " he said . "  This nomination ca n't fall victim to the usual Washington politics . " Some political observers have indicated that Clapper 's prospects for confirmation on Capitol Hill , however , are questionable . Intelligence Committee Chair Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , recently said the "  best thing for the U.S. intelligence community is to have someone with a civilian background in charge . " Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Kit Bond , R-Missouri , said he has reservations about Clapper . "  I believe he is too focused on the Defense Department issues and he has tried to block out efforts to give more authority to the DNI , " Bond argued . Bond 's counterpart on the House side , Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R-Michigan , also said he believes Clapper is the wrong person , because he is "  not forthcoming , open or transparent " with Congress . But Obama said : "  Jim also understands the importance of working with our partners in Congress . As he has said , not merely to appear when summoned , to keep Congress informed and seek members ' consent . " Blair , a retired admiral , was pressured to resign as DNI because of differences with the White House over the scope of his role and turf wars with CIA Director Leon Panetta and other members of the intelligence community . One source familiar with Blair 's situation said that from the very beginning , "  the White House did not have the same view  as Blair  of what the DNI should be . " Panetta , in a statement Saturday , said , "  Few people have more intelligence experience than Jim Clapper . The men and women of the CIA look forward to working closely with him in his new role to strengthen America 's national security . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Obama taps Air Force Lt. Gen James Clapper as new DNI Clapper now a top Pentagon intelligence official If confirmed , he 'll be nation 's fourth DNI in last five years Obama wants swift confirmation
A 2,700 year-old silver chalice may be a new token of friendship between the United States and Iran , at least that 's the way Iran 's cultural heritage chief sees it . Whatever the case , Mohammad-Ali Najafi was palpably delighted Friday to see the ancient Persian artifact return to its homeland . The ceremonial drinking vessel -- or rhyton -- had gotten snagged in a U.S. customs warehouse for years , held up by bad diplomatic relations . It had been in New York since 2003 , when an art dealer smuggled it into the country from Iran . Customs officials have long wanted to return the rhyton to Iran , according to a New York Post report . But decades of frigid relations between Washington and Tehran kept it frozen in bureaucratic limbo . Winning hearts President Obama broke that ice Friday with a historic phone chat with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , as the Islamic republic 's leader was just about to leave the United States . It was the first time a U.S. president has spoken to his Iranian counterpart since 1979 . The thaw may have been enough to free up the rhyton , which takes the shape of a mythical beast with the body of a lion and the head of a bird of prey . It was fashioned in the Achaemenid era , the early Persian Empire , around 700 BC . The State Department announced in a tweet that the United States returned it this week . U.S. officials handed it off directly to Najafi 's delegation , he said . "  We are taking this as America 's souvenir to the Iranian people , " Najafi told CNN . A souvenir from abroad is something Iranians do n't take as trivial . It has a special place of warmth in Persian culture . He will present it Saturday to the nation after he lands in Tehran . "  I believe this will have a very positive affect on the Iranians , " he said . And what wins Najafi 's heart has a good chance of pleasing Iran 's new president . Hassan Rouhani recently appointed Najafi as one of a dozen vice presidents , making him the guardian of the country 's most important museums and cultural institutions . Najafi , himself a progressive reform politician , who has run for office in the past , accompanied Rouhani to New York , where the Iranian president spoke at the United Nations General Assembly . Cultural charm offensive In their phone conversation , the two presidents spoke about Tehran 's nuclear program , Obama said . "  Resolving this issue , obviously , could also serve as a major step forward in a new relationship between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran . " It will be a long path to restored relations , the president said , but it could lead to the end of crippling economic sanctions against Iran , which could help "  the Iranian people fulfill their potential . " If Najafi has his way that potential will include the exchange with the United States of a lot of art , artifacts and archeology -- set to classical music . "  I adamantly believe in cultural diplomacy , and I believe the thing that could improve relations between US and Iran after the years and softens the harshness of this relationship is cultural diplomacy , " he said . He appears to have already kicked off a cultural charm offensive towards the United States in his short time in office . Najafi has met with officials from New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art about potential exhibitions of Iranian artifacts , he said . He has parlayed with academics from the near Eastern studies program of University of Chicago . "  We agreed to have a joint program in future studies and research on these artifacts . " As far as Najafi is concerned , the times of extreme tension between the countries are over . "  Mr. Rouhani , in an event held for Iranians last night  Thursday  specifically said that ` the ice between Iran and US has been melted , ' and I think if this is accurate , which I 'm certain that it is , we will have no problems in the areas of education , sciences and culture in the next few months . " Najafi is also interested in seeing the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra play next year in Tehran . If they can pull it off , he said , the concert would mark the 50th anniversary of the last time the orchestra played there . If the diplomatic tone makes the music , Najafi seems eager to strike up the orchestra .	A 2,700 year-old silver chalice may be a new token of friendship between the United States and Iran It had been in New York since 2003 , when an art dealer smuggled it to New York Iran 's cultural heritage chief hopes its return will mark a lively cultural exchange with the U.S. Mohammad-Ali Najafi says the ice between Washington and Tehran has thawed
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher might be in a medically induced coma but the Formula One great has shown enough "  small , encouraging signs " to give his family confidence that he will "  wake up . " The 45-year-old suffered a severe head injury while skiing on December 29 in the French Alps . "  We are and remain confident that Michael will pull through and will wake up , " said Michael Schumacher 's manager Sabine Kehn in a statement Wednesday . "  There sometimes are small , encouraging signs , but we also know that this is the time to be very patient . " Germany 's seven-time world champion was placed into a medically-induced coma to help reduce swelling on the brain after the accident . Schumacher has had two operations to relieve pressure on his brain and to remove haematomas at Grenoble Hospital , France . He retired from F1 in 2012 following a record-breaking 19-year career . He had been skiing off-piste when he fell and hit his head against a rock . "  Michael has suffered severe injuries , " added Kehn . "  It is very hard to comprehend for all of us that Michael , who had overcome a lot of precarious situations in the past , has been hurt so terribly in such a banal situation . Why induced comas help injured brains "  It was clear from the start that this will be a long and hard fight for Michael . We are taking this fight on together with the team of doctors , whom we fully trust . The length of the process is not the important part for us . " Over the last few months , Kehn has often asked the media to show respect for the privacy of Schumacher 's family and she repeated that call in her statement . "  It is heart-warming to see how much sympathy his family is shown and I can say that the family is extremely grateful for it . "  However , it should not be forgotten that Michael 's family is dealing with an extremely intimate and fragile situation . "  And I would like to remind all of us that Michael has always actively kept his family out of the public eye and consequently protected their private lives . "  We try to channel all the energies we have toward Michael and we firmly believe that this will help him . And we believe that he will also win this fight . " Schumacher , who won five consecutive titles with Ferrari between 2000-04 , also claimed two drivers ' championships at Benetton in 1994 and 1995 . The 2014 F1 season starts this weekend in Australia . Family ` strongly believe ' he will recover	Michael Schumacher showing "  small , encouraging signs " Schumacher 's family is confident he "  will wake up " German is in a medically induced coma after suffering a severe head injury Schumacher manager repeats call for German 's family to given privacy
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney battled over Medicare and energy policy Tuesday as the November election campaign reached out to battleground states crucial to both sides ' chances for victory . In an escalating struggle to seize the advantage on the contentious Medicare issue , the Romney campaign counterpunched with a new ad accusing Obama of cutting more than $ 700 billion from the government-run health care plan for senior citizens . Romney made the same claim at two Ohio campaign appearances , three days after his selection of House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan brought the issue to the forefront of the campaign spotlight . Ryan is best-known for a conservative budget plan passed by the U.S. House that includes reforms to partially privatize Medicare , which Democrats say will kill the popular entitlement program . To counter consistent Democratic attacks in recent days against Ryan 's Medicare proposals , the new Romney ad sought to turn the tables by contending the money senior citizens have paid into Medicare for years will instead fund Obama 's 2010 health care reform bill . At a campaign event Tuesday in Ohio , Romney beat the same drum . Follow along on the CNN electoral map "  When he ran for office he said he 'd protect Medicare , but did you know that he has taken $ 716 billion out of the Medicare trust fund -- he 's raided that trust fund -- and you know what he did with it ? " Romney said of Obama . "  He 's used it to pay for Obamacare -- a risky , unproven , federal government takeover of health care -- and if I 'm president of the United States we 're putting the $ 716 billion back . " A July 24 Congressional Budget Office report said that repealing the health care law , as called for by Romney and Ryan , would increase spending on Medicare by $ 716 billion through 2022 . At the same time , the CBO letter said keeping Obamacare in place would not mean a $ 716 billion decrease in Medicare spending as claimed by Romney and his ad . The Obama campaign called Romney 's claim "  dishonest and "  hypocritical . " "  The savings his ad attacks do not cut a single guaranteed Medicare benefit , and Mitt Romney embraced the very same savings when he promised he 'd sign Paul Ryan 's budget , " said Obama campaign spokeswoman Lis Smith . David Axelrod , Obama 's senior campaign adviser , told CNN earlier Tuesday that Medicare reforms in the president 's health care law "  took away subsidies , unwarranted subsidies , to insurance companies , and he used that money to help lengthen the life of Medicare by nearly a decade . " Dueling appearances by the presidential contenders and their running mates hit states considered up for grabs in November -- Iowa , Ohio , Colorado , Nevada and Virginia . Standing in front of helmeted Ohio coal workers , Romney promised American energy independence by 2020 if he is elected to two terms , saying he will promote full development of the nation 's oil , coal and natural gas reserves . He accused Obama of opposing coal energy production as part of a policy that favors energy sources "  that come from above the ground " -- such as wind and solar energy -- instead of those from below the ground . Since taking office in 2009 , Obama has called for a comprehensive energy strategy that includes development of cleaner alternative sources such as wind and solar energy . Republican critics contend the administration uses environmental regulations and other means to hinder development of fossil fuel energy resources such as oil and coal . Paul Ryan 's Gen X sensibilities an asset ? "  He also said you can go out and build a new coal plant if you want , but you 'll go bankrupt . That 's what he said , " Romney told the applauding crowd . Speaking at the same time as Romney , Obama told a campaign event in Oskaloosa , Iowa , that Romney would not support the wind energy industry developing in the state . "  Gov. Romney said let 's end the tax credits for wind energy production , let 's get rid of them . He said that new sources of energy like wind are imaginary , " Obama said . The president cited a thriving wind energy industry in the state , noting it supports nearly 7,000 Iowa jobs . "  If he knew what you 've been doing , he 'd know that about 20 % of Iowa 's electricity now comes from wind , powering our homes and our factories and our businesses in a way that 's clean and renewable , " Obama said , later calling for a halt to billions of dollars in tax subsidies to oil companies making "  huge profits " and instead investing in "  the new homegrown energy that 's creating jobs here in Iowa . " Overall , though , the campaign focus remained on Ryan and his budget plan passed by House Republicans that calls for sharp cuts in non-military spending to shrink government as well as stark reforms to the Medicare and Medicaid entitlement programs that provide health care to senior citizens , the poor and the disabled . Ryan 's proposals include the provision that Medicare-approved private insurers would one day compete with traditional Medicare on an exchange . The intention of his plan is to remake Medicare so that it remains financially soluble for future generations , while preserving the benefits of current seniors and those who will qualify in the next 10 years , he told CBS on Sunday . Ryan , campaigning in Colorado , made no specific mention of his Medicare reform plans , instead emphasizing his "  regular guy " interests , such as bow-hunting , and promising to restore opportunity for those willing to work for it . "  When I was growing up , you know when I was flipping burgers at McDonalds , when I was standing in front of that big Hobart machine washing dishes or waiting tables , I never thought of myself as stuck in some station in life , " Ryan told more 2,000 supporters at Lakewood High School in suburban Denver . "  I thought to myself : I 'm the American dream . " A contrast in Catholic politics Later Tuesday , Ryan attended an event at GOP bankroller Sheldon Adelson 's Las Vegas hotel . Across the country , Vice President Joe Biden held two events in Virginia , where he challenged the policies of Romney and Ryan . "  Look at what they value and look at their budget and what they are proposing , " Biden said at his first stop , in Danville . He accused Romney of promising to lift regulations on big banks that would "  unchain Wall Street , " adding : "  He is going to put y' all back in chains . " At an event Tuesday evening in Chillicothe , Ohio , Romney attacked Obama and his surrogates , saying they have made "  wild and reckless accusations that disgrace the office of the presidency . " He pointed to Biden 's remark , calling it an outrageous charge . "  And the White House sinks a little bit lower , " he said . "  This is what an angry and desperate presidency looks like . " An Obama campaign spokeswoman said earlier the president had no problem with Biden 's statement . "  We find the Romney campaign 's outrage over the vice president 's comments today hypocritical , particularly in light of their own candidate 's stump speech questioning the president 's patriotism , " said a statement by Stephanie Cutter of the Obama campaign . Republicans reject the Democratic tactic to tie Romney to the Ryan proposal , saying the former Massachusetts governor has his own budget and tax plans that are similar to Ryan 's but also include key differences , such as protecting anyone over 55 from changes to Medicare . "  The budget plan , the approach on Medicare and all of that is going to be the Romney plan , " senior Romney campaign adviser John Sununu told CNN Tuesday . Pressed for details in a combative interview on "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien , " Sununu said Romney "  likes the Ryan plan for its guts , " but added "  he has his own plan out there , which is carefully crafted to protect the seniors from 55 and up . " By contrast , Sununu added , the Republican plans are more comprehensive and detailed than proposals by Obama and Democrats that fail to seriously address the nation 's deficit-debt problem . The focus of the debate on Ryan 's budget plan and Medicare means Democrats are winning the early message war , said Erick Erickson of the conservative website RedState.com . Romney 's choice of Ryan means the campaign , for now , "  is no longer a referendum on the president , " which has been the central GOP strategy , said Erickson , a CNN contributor . "  It 's a choice between two visions . And a lot of Republican strategists do n't have confidence that the Romney campaign is able to sell their choice , " Erickson said Monday night . In addition , Erickson noted , the main topic now is Medicare and "  Republicans do n't necessarily win when you talk about Medicare . " Campaign 2012 : How low can you go ? CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Kevin Liptak , Ashley Killough , Rachel Streitfeld , Peter Hamby and Alexander Mooney , and CNNMoney 's Lex Haris contributed to this report .	Romney campaigns in Ohio , calls Biden 's Wall Street remark outrageous A new Romney ad takes on President Obama on Medicare Obama promotes wind energy in Iowa
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki is known as one of the fittest players in tennis , but even the rejuvenated Dane is feeling anxious as she prepares to take part in the New York City Marathon in early November . Wozniacki admits to having nightmares about the grueling 26.2-mile race , which comes just a week after the season-ending WTA Finals conclude in Singapore . "  I dreamed one time that before I even got to the start line I was dead , " Wozniacki laughs during an interview with CNN 's Open Court . "  Or I dreamed that someone had to get me through the finish line in a wheelchair . "  So I do n't know if I am that confident but I 'm starting to get there . I definitely have a finish goal in mind but I want to keep it to myself . " Wozniacki is competing in the marathon for charity , capping a rollercoaster 2014 in which the former world No. 1 suffered an array of injuries and a high-profile split with top golfer Rory McIlroy before making her first grand slam final in five years at the U.S. Open . She then continued her resurgence with good form on the WTA Tour 's Asian swing , clinching a place at the elite eight-woman championships for the first time since 2011 . "  The running has definitely helped , " she says . "  In the middle of the year I had a tough time outside the court and in my personal life . "  Just going for a run was nice to clear my mind and think about something else . Then you feel great about yourself as well . You get fit . " Still , if you think Wozniacki is crazy for deciding to take part this year after tennis ' tiring 10-month hop around the world , you are n't alone . Her dad and fitness coach both thought the same . "  They said , ` You are crazy , ' " Wozniacki says . And while two-time grand slam winner Andy Murray plans to one day run a marathon , he wo n't do it until he is retired . "  That 's an amazing effort , she 's doing that while playing , because it takes a lot of training , a lot of hard work , " he told reporters in Cincinnati in August . Wozniacki brought up the idea during a grass-court tournament in Eastbourne , England in June , where her career revival began . "  I was sitting there with my dad and my team and I was like , ` Hey , I 'm going to run the New York City Marathon ' and my dad was like , ` No you are not , ' " says Wozniacki , now ranked ninth . "  So I made the phone call right there and then to my agent John  Tobias  and I said , ` John , look up charities I can run for . ' "  He was like , ` Funny joke ' and I said , ` It 's not a joke , I 'm serious . ' He came with a list that evening and I checked them out . " Wozniacki eventually settled on Team for Kids , which according to the New York Road Runners ' website , provides "  free low-cost health and fitness programs to kids who would otherwise have little or no access to regular physical activity . " Sports has always been an important part of the Wozniacki family , with dad Piotr a former pro footballer , mom Anna a former volleyball player and brother Patrik also into football in Denmark . Running a marathon had always been on her "  bucket list , " too , although it seems unlikely that Wozniacki would have participated this year had she and McIlroy not gone their separate ways . It was McIlroy who broke off the engagement . They were reportedly due to wed in November -- in New York . Wozniacki has stepped up her training while maintaining a full tennis schedule -- prior to losing to Serena Williams in last month 's final at Flushing Meadows she told reporters how she believed it had helped her on-court fitness . She has run a half-marathon and through tennis may be equipped to deal with the "  mental battle " faced by distance runners . "  I know the marathon is breathing down my neck so I know I need to get out and run and it 's great for me , " she says . "  I love it . "  I think running a marathon is very mental . It 's definitely a mental battle with yourself out there and I think that 's the same on the tennis court . "  Sometimes you are hitting the wall out there and you ca n't seem to get the points together but you just need to keep focusing , take one point at a time and somehow you manage to turn it around . I think it 's the same in the marathon . " Her reward when she gets to the finish line ? "  I told my friends and my manager to have chocolate and some sweets waiting for me , " she said . "  We are definitely going to go out for a very unhealthy dinner afterwards . "	Caroline Wozniacki wo n't be done exercising when the tennis season is over The Dane will be taking part in the New York City Marathon on November 2 Wozniacki has had nightmares about the marathon but that is n't stopping her After splitting with Rory McIlroy and getting over injuries , Wozniacki prospered on court
CNN  -- From playing bat and ball in quiet corners of refugee camps to cricket 's most glamorous tournament ; Afghanistan 's national team , like the country , has come a long way . The team 's rise to the biggest stage of them all , the 2015 World Cup , has been nothing short of remarkable -- and equally heartwarming . The scenes of jubilation on the pitch as Afghanistan recently brushed aside a disappointing Kenya team could n't have been farther from the reality of life for many Afghans after decades of conflict and turmoil in their country . The first Afghans learned the game in Pakistani refugee camps , having fled the Soviet invasion of 1979 . READ MORE : Afghan cricket 's battle for acceptance Sport was banned completely under the strict Islamic fundamentalist rule of the Taliban , between 1996 and 2001 , with pitches and arenas more likely to host an execution than a training session or a match . But as the Taliban lost its grip , sport blossomed , with cricket among those leading the way . Cut strips appeared across the country and children would use roads as wickets , discarded pieces of wood as bats and wickets . And the rest , as they say , is history . Afghan cricket has gone from strength to strength . Just 12 years ago , the team did n't even officially exist . Then a few Afghan expats set up a team in Pakistan and applied for accreditation to global cricket 's organizing body , the International Cricket Council  ICC  . In 2001 , Afghanistan became an ICC associate member , which meant cricket was recognized as an established sport in the country . It was a start , but little more than that . In 2008 , the team played its first matches in division five of the ICC 's global league -- against Japan and the tiny island of Jersey , a self-governing British Crown dependency off the coast of northern France . That 's as low as world cricket goes . But by winning the league , the players gave themselves a chance of qualifying for the 2011 World Cup . Ultimately that proved to be a step too far , too soon , as they came up short . But it was n't all bad news . The team did enough in the qualifiers to be granted the status of an international one-day team . They went on to qualify for the world Twenty20 tournament , a shortened form of the game , in 2010 and again in 2012 . Despite some respectable performances , they did little to surprise the bookies and fell during the initial knock-out stage . But now , what appeared to be nothing more than a dream just a few short years ago has finally become reality . Afghanistan triumphed over Kenya by seven wickets at the recent World Cricket League Championship in Sharjah , UAE to win the right to play at the 2015 World Cup . They will be part of a group that includes co-hosts Australia and New Zealand , as well as Bangladesh , England and Sri Lanka . "  I ca n't express my feelings . It is a very big day in my life . I 'm sure there will be huge celebrations back home , " the team 's talismanic captain , Mohammad Nabi , told the ICC website . "  I did n't expect to play in a World Cup when I started playing cricket . But now I can cherish this moment and look forward to playing against the best sides in some of the best playing facilities . " The Melbourne Cricket Ground  MCG  is a far cry from the refugee camps many Afghans can relate to .	Afghanistan triumphed over Kenya to win the right to play at the 2015 World Cup Far cry from 1979 when Afghan exiles played in camps in Pakistan during Soviet invasion Cricket and sport was banned during Taliban rule in Afghanistan  1996-2001
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The pocketbook of a New Jersey woman whose disappearance in 2010 led authorities to the discovery of 10 sets of human remains across two Long Island , New York , counties has been found , police said Wednesday . A cell phone that authorities believe may also belong to Shannan Gilbert -- whose disappearance triggered a search that has become a hunt for a possible serial killer -- was also found on Long Island 's Oak Beach , alongside a pair of jeans and shoes , according to Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . "  We 're going to do everything we can to find her , " he told reporters . "  It is our belief her body or parts of her remains are in  an area of Oak Beach  , and we will continue  to  search tonight and into tomorrow . " After Gilbert vanished in May 2010 , the search for her led police seven months later to four bodies found along a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach . Additional remains were uncovered in subsequent months in neighboring Gilgo Beach and along beachfront property in Nassau County , about 40 miles east of New York City . Like the four victims found last December , Gilbert had advertised prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist . Gilbert 's sisters have said the missing woman was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house and called 911 , saying someone was trying to hurt her . A man who lives a few miles from where the first set of remains were found last December told CNN that a young woman who "  looked like she was partying all night " came to his door at about 5 a.m. on May 1 , 2010 . "  She was screaming ` Help me , help me ! ' and said somebody was chasing her , " said resident Gustav Coletti . Wednesday 's find comes after renewed search efforts by federal and state authorities in Oak Beach -- the area where Gilbert was last believed to be , at a so-called private party . "  This may be just a young lady  who  ran into the brush in hysterical state , fell down and expired for some reason , " added Dormer . The police commissioner announced earlier this week that the investigation likely revolves around a possible serial killer -- a departure from his prior statements , in which Dormer said the bodies could be the work of multiple killers . It is not clear what prompted the change in focus toward one killer . "  What 's common here is the dumping ground , " he said . Authorities have sifted through more than 1,000 tips related to the case , with police upping the ante in their search for a culprit . The reward for information leading to an arrest -- once topping out at $ 5,000 -- was raised five-fold , making it the largest offered in Suffolk County history .	Search for Shannan Gilbert in 2010 led to discovery of 10 bodies on Long Island A cell phone was also found alongside a pair of jeans and shoes , police added "  It is our belief her body or parts of her remains are in that area , " police commissioner says Authorities are searching for a possible serial killer
CNN  -- Space shuttle Atlantis launched Monday afternoon to deliver key spare parts to prolong the life of the International Space Station . The shuttle lifted off as scheduled , at 2:28 p.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral . The delivery will add years to the station 's life after the space shuttle fleet is retired next year , according to NASA . Monday 's launch is among six planned before then . "  You 'll see this theme in some of the flights that are going to come after ours as well , " said Brian Smith , the lead space station flight director for the 11-day mission . "  This flight is all about spares . Basically , we 're getting them up there while we still can . " Some parts are for systems that keep the station from overheating or tumbling through space , according to NASA . "  We 're taking the big ones , " Smith said . "  And not only are they the big ones -- they 're the ones deemed most critical . That 's why they 're going up first . " The six-member crew will return to Earth with flight engineer Nicole Stott , who launched in August . CNN iReport : Share your photos , video of shuttle launch The mission also will include three spacewalks and installation of two platforms to the station 's backbone . The platforms will hold spare parts to sustain station operations after the shuttles are discontinued . "  As the only vehicle large enough to carry many of the big pieces of equipment into space , several of the flights are devoted to the task , " NASA said . iReporter attends NASA "  Tweet-up " Other items set for delivery include nitrogen and ammonia tank assemblies , a high-pressure gas tank and the station 's robotic arm . The tanks help cool and pressurize the station .	NEW : The Space Shuttle Atlantis blasted off Monday on schedule at 2:28 p.m. ET Shuttle launched on schedule from the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral The delivery of key spare parts will add years to the space station 's life The space shuttle fleet is to be retired next year
CNN  -- North Korea qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals for the first time since 1966 by battling to a 0-0 draw away to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday night . North Korea have qualified for the World Cup for the first time since 1966 . The point captured in searing temperatures in Riyadh , saw the Koreans edge into second place in Asian qualifying Group 2 to finish ahead of Saudi Arabia on goal difference and seal their place in the finals . It means both group winners South Korea , who co-hosted the World Cup with Japan in 2002 , and neighbors North Korea will play in the 2010 showpiece in South Africa . North Korea coach Kim Yong-Jun Kim had nothing but praise for his players after the final whistle . "  We focused on the defending as we had come under a lot of pressure from the Saudis and I think our preparation for the game was one factor that earned the victory tonight , " the North Korean boss told FIFA 's official Web site . "  We monitored the Saudi team from the beginning of our campaign and I noticed that they have a problem in finding good strikers . We battled to qualify for the World Cup finals and I would like to thank my players for the great performance that they showed during the whole match , " added Kim . "  It was so hot in Saudi Arabia and as you know the journey from Korea was long but our belief in the ability of the players snatched the ticket to South Africa , " Kim stated . The booking of North Korea 's ticket to the finale will see the reclusive nation compete against the world 's best despite growing international political concern regarding Pyongyang 's testing of a nuclear bomb recently . Their form in the tournament is one of upsetting the odds after they Italy 43 years ago en route to the quarter-finals . The home draw sees Saudi Arabia finish in third place to go into the playoffs where they will face Bahrain . The winners will play New Zealand for a place in the finals , while Iran miss out after finishing fourth in Group 2 . Earlier on Wednesday , they were denied a victory in Seoul as Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung scored a late equalizer to give South Korea a 1-1 draw . Iran took the lead from an own goal early in the second half against the group winners , but Park popped up to score a brilliant 81st minute goal as he beat several men before firing home . In Group 1 , Tim Cahill scored twice as Australia came from behind to beat Japan 2-1 to clinch top spot in the section . The result was academic as both teams had already sealed automatic qualification for the World Cup finals in South Africa . Japan went ahead in front of a big crowd of nearly 70,000 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground  MCG  as Marcus Tulio Tanaka headed home a Kengo Nakamura corner in the 40th minute . But the Socceroos , who went through qualifying unbeaten , hit back in the second half . Everton 's attacking midfielder Cahill again worked his scoring magic to secure the victory . He was on target in the 59th and 76th minutes to take his tally to 16 in 33 internationals . "  This is a step forward for us , it 's great to finish top of the group , " Cahill told FIFA.com after the win , while captain Lucas Neill paid tribute to their opponents . "  They really played the game with intensity and they were running us ragged for a bit and we could n't get ourselves in the game , " Neill said . Bahrain later clinched third spot in the group and their playoff spot with a 1-0 win over Uzbekistan . A 74th minute goal from Mahmood Abdulrahman from a free kick gave his side a crucial three points .	North Korea qualify from Group 2 with 0-0 draw against Saudi Arabia Australia top Group 1 of Asian qualifying with 2-1 win over Japan Bahrain clinch playoff spot from Group 1 with 1-0 win over Uzbekistan
San Francisco  CNN  -- After 10 long hours in the sky , the Jang children could n't wait to get off the plane . The Colorado siblings had just spent a month in Seoul , their first trip to South Korea . Their parents wanted them to get a taste of their heritage on their summer vacation . But their summer vacation will now be remembered for something entirely different . Joseph , Ester and Sarah were passengers on Asiana Airlines Flight 214 from Seoul to San Francisco . Flight attendants hailed as heroes Seconds before landing Saturday , the Boeing 777 crashed onto a sea wall , severing its tail . The three were all near the back of the plane , which bore the brunt of the impact . "  During the time it was crashing , I thought it was all like a dream because I did n't know  if  it was actually happening , " 13-year-old Joseph told CNN 's Sara Sidner . "  We were all bouncing all over the place , " 15-year-old Esther added . "  I just remember there being dust everywhere . I was freaking out , and then it just stopped . " The seats in front of them collapsed across their knees . Luggage and debris littered the cabin . "  After everything stopped and then I realized I was alive , I looked over and I saw my brother and sister . They were both fine , " Esther said . "  And then I looked over at my mom and my dad , and they were both on the floor because their seats fell down . " Joseph tried calling out to his parents across the aisle . But he could n't breathe . Interactive : What happened with Asiana Flight 214 ? ` Get out any way you can ' "  I got the wind knocked out of me ... I was just hoping I could get some air because it was really scary , " Joseph said . The parents eventually responded to their children 's calls with moans . The siblings knew they were alive . But there was no time to absorb what happened . The plane could catch fire at any moment . "  The flight attendants just said get out any way you can , " 11-year-old Sarah said . "  Me and my brother were out before my dad , my sister and my mom were out . So I was wondering if they were out of the plane , or still in the plane , 'cause after a while the plane started ... having a fire . " The family was separated for more than an hour . Did passengers ignore safety messages ? "  When we all reunited ... I was really glad , so I started crying , " Joseph said . The entire family was injured , but none seriously . The three children and their father are all recovering at San Francisco General Hospital . Joseph has a minor fracture in his back . Esther has a sprained foot and needs crutches . And Sarah has a fractured finger , heavily bandaged between her other pink fingernails . "  I describe this experience as I got really lucky , " Joseph said . "  We all got really lucky . " The family was supposed to board another flight to Denver . They still have n't made it home to Colorado yet . So a nurse let the children use her computer to post messages on Facebook , letting their friends know they were OK . Esther 's post : "  My life flashed before my eyes . I thank God that me and my family are safe . " Did pilot have enough 777 experience ? CNN 's Sara Sidner reported from San Francisco ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	"  We were all bouncing all over the place , " 15-year-old Esther Jang says Esther and her younger siblings called for their parents , who moaned in response The family had to take different exits amid the chaos "  When we all reunited ... I was really glad , so I started crying , " Joseph said .
CNN  -- Authorities in Arizona have arrested three employees of a sheriff 's office known for its tough stand on illegal immigration , accusing them of aiding human traffickers and drug smugglers . A sheriff 's deputy and two detention officers were among 12 people arrested in an operation Tuesday , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said . "  That a deputy sheriff would provide information and associate with these drug and human traffickers is despicable , " Arpaio told reporters . Deputy Alfredo Navarrette , who had been a member of a unit targeting human smuggling , faces felony charges connected to human smuggling , money laundering and participating in a crime syndicate , Arpaio said . "  He admitted actually going to our command centers to obtain information to pass on to the drug traffickers and the smugglers , " Arpaio said , noting that authorities found two illegal immigrants in Navarrette 's home when they served a search warrant Tuesday morning . The two detention officers who were arrested -- Sylvia Najera and Marcella Hernandez -- are accused of money laundering and having connections with drug-trafficking organizations . Hernandez had more than $ 16,000 in her purse when she was taken into custody , Arpaio said . Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery praised the sheriff 's office for its handling of the matter and pledged to hold the officers accountable . "  This was n't swept under the rug . The cooperation that we received from the sheriff 's office was complete and forthright , " he told reporters . "  No one 's above the law , and apparently no one is beyond the reach of drug-trafficking organizations in Mexico , " he added . Arpaio drew national attention and earned the nickname of "  America 's toughest sheriff " for his stance on illegal immigration , among other things . Many of his prisoners are housed in tents and forced to wear pink underwear , and he once boasted of feeding them on less than a dollar a day per prisoner . He faces a U.S. Justice Department investigation into whether his policies cracking down on illegal immigrants discriminate against Hispanics . Earlier this month critics called for his resignation after an audit found he used nearly $ 100 million designated for jail funds to pay deputies ' salaries . Some activists said Tuesday 's arrests are part of a public-relations ploy to clean up the sheriff 's office image in the wake of such accusations . "  Now he 's saying that he 's cleaning out his department , but frankly , these problems have always existed inside the agency , " human rights activist Lydia Guzman told CNN affiliate KTVW .	A deputy who was part of a unit targeting human smuggling is accused Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio calls the alleged connections "  despicable " A detention officer had $ 16,000 in her purse when she was arrested , Arpaio says Critics recently called for Arpaio 's resignation after a government audit of his agency
Ithaca , New York  CNN  -- Two suspected cases of suicide on the Cornell University campus have officially been confirmed by the Tompkins County chief medical examiner , bringing the total number of suicides for the academic year to six . Cornell officials had previously said authorities confirmed four other deaths at the school as suicides . The medical examiner says his office has been in touch with the families of the latest suicide victims . "  They have all been made aware of the manner of death , " Dr. Howard Socoff told CNN . The rash of cases has rocked the highly competitive Ivy League school in central New York State . The most recent suicides came on successive days and prompted the university 's mental health initiatives director , Timothy Marchell , to declare a "  public health crisis . " In February , a freshman jumped off a bridge over one of the area 's well-known gorges . The body of a sophomore engineering major was found March 11 under similar circumstances . Police are also searching for a body in another suicide witnessed March 12 . David Skorton , who became president of Cornell in 2005 , has been praised by counselors for encouraging openness on an issue that many schools try to cover up . In an e-mail to students on Friday , he encouraged them to use available suicide-prevention resources . Skorton placed full-page ads in the university newspaper , The Cornell Daily Sun , every day this week , which read , "  If you learn anything at Cornell , please learn to ask for help . It is a sign of wisdom and strength . " The message may be getting through . The first sentence of the quote has been written in chalk on one of the bridges where the suicides took place . The cause of the wave of suicides is unclear , Marchell said . The national average for school suicides is 7.29 per year for every 100,000 students , said Paula Clayton , medical director of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention . That means Cornell , with 19,639 students , should average fewer than two suicides a year . Cornell had no suicides from 2005 to 2008 , according to Marchell . And the school has consistently fallen within or below the national average , said Karen Carr , assistant dean of students at Cornell . The school has been praised by psychologists such as Keith Anderson , chairman of the American College Health Association 's Mental Health Best Practices Task Force , for counseling and prevention programs that confront the issue of student suicide with comprehensive training and understanding . Cornell responded to a cluster of suicides in the late 1990s with comprehensive training for members of the university community . Everyone on campus , including janitors , administrators , residential advisers and professors , is trained to look for symptoms of depression . Freshmen are screened for indicators of psychological disorders , and multiple counseling services are available for students in need . "  I know that they 've been doing a lot of outreach efforts to educate the community . Cornell is kind of a model in some ways , " said Anderson , a staff psychologist at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , in Troy , New York . In response to the current wave of suicides , Cornell will "  strengthen the capacity of the community to know what to do , " Marchell said . "  They will be showing nonmental health professionals what role they can play and help students and faculty get the kind of support that they need . " The school also has posted guards to monitor the bridges over the gorges . On Wednesday , campus clubs such as Cornell Minds Matters took part in a schoolwide event to promote mental health awareness . CNN 's Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .	Rash of cases has rocked the Ivy League school in central New York State Medical examiner : Office has been in touch with families of latest suicide victims School has been praised by psychologists for its openness about the suicides Cornell mental health chief says cause of the wave of suicides is unclear
What kind of weapon can shoot down a fully loaded passenger jet flying at nearly 33,000 feet ? That could be a key question in the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash investigation , as officials try to determine what was responsible for Thursday 's plane crash in volatile eastern Ukraine . A radar system saw a surface-to-air missile system turn on and track an aircraft right before the plane went down , a senior U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr . And a second system saw a heat signature at the time the airliner was hit . The United States is analyzing the trajectory of the missile to pinpoint where the attack came from , the official said . Anton Gerashchenko , adviser to the Ukrainian Interior Ministry , said in a Facebook post that "  terrorists " fired on the plane operating a Buk surface-to-air missile system . A Ukrainian official also told CNN 's Jim Sciutto on Thursday that separatists claimed to have brought down another plane around the same time Flight 17 went missing . But what could have shot down the Malaysia Airlines flight ? Shoulder-fired missiles sometimes in the arsenals of rebel and separatists groups would be ruled out , experts said . "  At normal cruising altitude a civilian passenger aircraft would be out of the range of the sort of manned portable air  defense  systems that we have seen proliferate in rebel hands in east Ukraine , " IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly 's Nick de Larrinaga said in an e-mail . Such shoulder-mounted weapons at best can reach 15,000 feet , said CNN military analyst Rick Francona , a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel . "  This would indicate a surface-to-air missile or an air-to-air missile , and I think a surface-to-air missile is probably the best guess right now , " he said . One candidate is the Buk missile system , developed during the Soviet era and operated by Russian and Ukrainian forces . The missile system , known as the SA-11 among NATO forces , is operated by both Russian and Ukrainian forces , according to retired Brig. Gen. Kevin Ryan , director of the Defense and Intelligence Project at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University . And it 's more than capable of taking down an airliner flying at that altitude , he said . Such weapons travel with Russian troops at the division level , Francona said . "  So the Russians on the other side of the Ukrainian border will have all of this weaponry available to them , " he said . Other possibilities include Russian-made S-200 missiles that are operated by the Ukrainian military as well as the Russian S-300 and S-400 missiles . The latter weapons are the Russian equivalent of U.S. Patriot missile defense batteries . What seems unlikely is that pro-Russia separatists might have gained control of such a sophisticated piece of weaponry and used it to shoot down an airliner , Ryan said . "  It takes a lot of training and a lot of coordination to fire one of these and hit something , " he said . Typically , a surface-to-air battery missile consists of a command post vehicle , a radar vehicle , several self-propelled launchers , loader vehicles and even more vehicles to carry new missiles to the batteries as necessary , according to Dan Wasserbly , Americas editor for IHS Jane 's . Ryan concludes then that if the plane really was shot down , a professional military force -- either on purpose or by accident -- was responsible . "  This is not the kind of weapon a couple of guys are going to pull out of a garage and fire , " he said .	Senior U.S. official : Radar saw surface-to-air missile system track aircraft A sophisticated surface-to-air missile was more likely used , experts say One possibility is the Russian-made Buk missile system , retired Army officer says The sophisticated weapon would require professional soldiers , expert says
CNN  -- Some travelers never stray from giant hotel chains , preferring familiarity and the reassuring presence of a pants press . For those willing to throw their loyalty points to the wind and spend a few extra dollars , there 's the world of boutique hotels . The "  boutique " concept has become overused in recent years . Some hoteliers think funky wallpaper , scatter cushions and an in-room iPod dock are enough to justify the label . Europe 's latest crop of high end boutiques are a far cry from this , bridging historical architecture with cutting-edge design to create destinations that are as much an attraction as the surrounding landmarks . These are hotels that exude so much style , their customers wo n't care where the pants press is . Here are some of the best celebrating their first summer : Chiltern Firehouse  London The 26-room Chiltern , which opened in spring , is the first property outside the United States for Andre Balazs , the man behind L.A. 's Chateau Marmont and The Mercer in New York . Located in a former fire station in London 's Marylebone district , the hotel 's Firehouse 's restaurant attracts celebs like Robert Pattinson and Lindsay Lohan . It also attracts an occasional crowd of paparazzi photographers outside . The kitchen is equally star-studded , with Nuno Mendes of Portugal 's Michelin-starred Viajante supplying the dishes . Good for visiting : The clothing boutiques in nearby Marylebone High Street frequented by the same Hollywood stars staying at the hotel . Chiltern Firehouse , 1 Chiltern St. , Marylebone , London ; +442070737676 Miss Clara Hotel  Stockholm With 92 rooms decked out in neutral hues , along with arched windows , marble baths and parquet floors , Miss Clara breathes life into a former girls ' school while retaining the building 's art nouveau features . Open since spring , the hotel has a brasserie-style restaurant that combines Nordic cuisine with plates such as pulled Moroccan lamb with harissa yogurt . Good for visiting : The city 's new Abba museum , on the island of Djurgarden . Miss Clara Hotel , Sveavagen 48 , Stockholm ; +46 8 440 67 00 Hotel Vernet  Paris It 's hard to stand out in Paris , but the sleek modern design features of the 50-room Hotel Vernet in the city 's 8th arrondissement does its best to make a statement . There are walls of woven copper thread and abstract-patterned carpets , all under a classic French glass roof . The hotel features a resident DJ , but the real attraction are bathrooms fitted with Carrrara-marble basins , brass taps and glass mosaics . Good for visiting : The ritzy shops of the Champs Elysees , just a champagne bottle 's throw away . Hotel Vernet , 25 Rue Vernet , Paris ; +33 1 44 31 98 00 Cromlix House Hotel  Dunblane , Scotland Scottish tennis player Andy Murray is behind this extensive renovation near his hometown , which opened in April to almost as much applause as his long-overdue 2013 Wimbledon victory . The 34-acre grounds include tennis courts  of course  and host activities such as archery and a mini Highland games . There 's also a farm-to-table restaurant , conservatory , chapel and loch . The 15-bedroom Victorian Perthshire mansion is packed with Scottish antiques . Good for visiting : Leighton Library -- Scotland 's oldest private book collection open to the public . Cromlix House , Kinbuck , Near Dunblane ; +441786822125 OD Port Portals  Mallorca , Spain Whitewashed rooms , a 1960s glam ambiance and an inviting pool area welcome guests at OD Port Portals , a 77-room hotel opened in April in Puerto Portals , western Mallorca . Junior suite guests receive either a Smart Cabriolet car  for use during their stay  or a driver , making it easy to trail the jet-set crowd in this affluent port town . Food in the restaurant is eclectic and health conscious . Good for visiting : Costa d'en Blanes beach or the nine-hole Bendinat Royal Golf course . OD Port Portals , Calle Tomas Blanes Tolosa , 4 , Mallorca , Spain ; +34971675956 Praia Verde Boutique Hotel  Castro Marim , Portugal Opened in April , this low-slung 40-suite hotel surrounded by pine forest on Portugal 's eastern Algarve coastline is set up for long stays . Guests bunk in cozy rooms but each suite has its own kitchenette with fridge and stove , plus a balcony to soak in the view of salt flats and white-sand beaches . Artisan groceries are available on site from a grocery store linked to the hotel 's family-style A Terra restaurant . Good for visiting : The National Forest and the traditional Portuguese town of Cacela Velha . Praia Verde Boutique , Castro Marim , Portugal ; +351281530600 Hotel Son Ametler  Mallorca , Spain Another new venture on the Balearic island of Mallorca , this hotel is located away from the main tourist towns , in the foothills of the Tramuntana mountains . Surrounded by olive , fig and lemon trees , there 's a farmhouse feel to Son Amelter , but accommodations in the eight-room restored manor is far from rustic . There 's an outdoor pool with sweeping views of the countryside , Mallorquin stone in the rooms and Italian stucco walls in the bathrooms . Dinner is served al fresco three nights each week . Good for visiting : Posh restaurants and beaches can be reached by car in a matter of minutes . Hotel Son Ametler , Cami Son Riera Sin Numero , Moscari , Mallorca , Spain ; +34687934435 25hours Hotel Bikini  Berlin This laid back 149-room concept hotel is the sixth property for 25hours , a luxury chain that 's established itself in Germany , Austria and Switzerland . The Bikini rifs on its artsy , big city surroundings , with cocktails and skyline views on a rooftop terrace . Catering to younger travelers , it has a DJ , on-site bakery and free bicycle loans -- but the biggest surprise is a hammock in the lobby . Meals in the glass-walled Neni restaurant are inspired by Austrian and Russian cuisine . Good for visiting : The Zoological Garden is so close it 's possible to hear the lions roar . Europe 's largest department store , Kaufhaus des Westens , and the Theater des Westens opera house are also at hand . 25Hours Hotel Bikini , Budapester St. 40 , Berlin ; +49301202210 Lake Geneva Hotel  Versoix , Switzerland It may only have three stars , but the Lake Geneva Hotel substitutes internal luxury for external dazzle . The 103 rooms are stylish enough , with muted hues highlighted by a pop of orange color . Then there 's the views . Stellar vistas across the lake and Swiss Alps can be enjoyed from window seats in many of the rooms and suites , or from the terrace of the hotel 's O'Five Mediterranean restaurant . Good for visiting : Near the Versoix railway station , the hotel is a handy weekend escape from Zurich and is close to beaches , equestrian centers and the Favarger chocolate factory . Lake Geneva Hotel , Route de Suisse 77 , Versoix , Switzlerand ; +41 22 907 81 11 Based in America 's heartland , Kristine Hansen covers wine , food and travel for a variety of publications .	Europe 's newest boutique hotels are located in some of the continent 's most popular destinations A former girl 's school in Stockholm and a converted fire station in London among best on offer Spanish island of Mallorca is home to a '60s - style hotel and a tiny rural retreat
CNN  -- Roger Federer , the seven-time Wimbledon champion , suffered one of the most staggering defeats in the history of the tournament after being beaten by Ukraine 's 116th ranked Sergiy Stakhovsky . The 27-year-old fought back from losing the opening set 7-6 before winning 7-6 7-5 7-5 to mark the greatest triumph of his career and end Federer 's record of making 36 consecutive grand slam quarterfinals . "  Right now I can definitely tell my grandkids , I kicked the butt of Roger Federer , " Stakhovsky told reporters following his sensational victory . Stakhovsky , who reached a career high of 31 back in 2010 , held his nerve in the fourth set tiebreak to see off the defending champion and 17-time grand slam winner . Federer was just one of seven former World No. 1 players to lose their second round ties Wednesday -- although his demise was by far the most dramatic . "  I 'm very disappointed , " Federer told reporters . "  Losing at Wimbledon always has been that way , will never change . So I 've just got to get over this one . Some finals have n't hurt this much , that 's for sure . "  It 's always a disappointment losing any match around the world , and particularly here . I 've had some great moments here , but also some tougher ones . " Federer 's defeat leaves Novak Djokovic as the only man in the draw to have won the tournament and also leaves the draw wide open for Britain 's Andy Murray , who progressed to the third round with ease . "  I struggled maybe on the big points this time around again , like I have for some time this season , " Federer said of his clash with Stakhovsky . "  It was tricky . But credit to him for closing it out under enormous pressure . He was better in the more important points today than I was . "  I thought I had my opportunities , had the foot in the door . When I had the chance , I could n't do it . It 's very frustrating , very disappointing . "  I 'm going to accept it and move forward from here . I have no choice . " Federer will now drop out of the top four for the first time since he won Wimbledon in 2003 and could fall as low as No. 6 should Tomas Berdych win this year 's title . But for Stakhovksy , the contrast in emotions could hardly be any greater . Watched by his wife Anfisa Bulgakova , he produced the performance of his life on the court which Federer has virtually owned over the past decade . "  I 'm still in disbelief that that happened , " Stakhovsky told the BBC . "  I was playing the best tennis I have ever played , I am incredibly happy . When you play Roger Federer it 's like you 're playing two players . You play him the player and him the ego . I could n't play any better today . It was a fantastic day for me . " Federer 's exit is his earliest at Wimbledon since losing in the opening round to Mario Ancic in 2002 and his earliest at a grand slam since being beaten by Luis Horna at the French Open in 2003 . It is also the earliest defeat suffered by a defending champion since 2002 winner Lleyton Hewitt was beaten by Ivo Karlovic in the first round the following year . Federer 's loss means Murray will fancy his chances of making the final for the second year in succession . The World No. 2 , who defeated Yen-Hsun Lu 6-3 6-3 7-5 , will now play Spain 's Tommy Robredo in the third round . But despite Rafael Nadal , Federer and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga all falling by the wayside , Murray is refusing to look too far ahead . "  There 's top players still left in the tournament , and there 's a lot of young guys as well coming through , guys like  Ernests  Gulbis ,  Jerzy  Janowicz. , " he told reporters . "  Those sort of players are starting to break through and play more consistently . "  I 'll just concentrate on my next match . I 'm playing a tough player , a very experienced guy . I 'll worry about that match . " Robredo , who overcame Nicolas Mahut in four sets , says he will treat himself to cake and ice cream before turning his attention to the home favorite . "  I have to congratulate myself because today I did a great job , " he told reporters . "  So I 'm going to play Andy in two days . Now I prefer to enjoy it , to relax , to go have a great dinner because I deserve it , with a chocolate cake with ice cream . Then tomorrow is going to be a long day to think about Andy . " Elsewhere , former champion Hewitt was ousted in by Dustin Brown 6-4 6-4 6-7 6-2 , while there were also wins for Spain 's Nicolas Almagro , Austria 's Jurgen Melzer and Argentina 's Juan Monaco . Frenchman Tsonga was forced to pull out of his tie with Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis after complaining of injury , while Radek Stepanek and Marin Cilic were also big name casualties .	Seven-time winner Roger Federer beaten in second round Defending champion loses in four sets to Ukraine 's Sergiy Stakhovsky Stakhovsky ranked 116th in the world Andy Murray through to third round , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga out
CNN  The Red Bull Formula One team has had its trophy cabinet cleared out by thieves in a smash-and-grab burglary Friday night . The British-based marque has won 50 grands prix , four constructor titles and four drivers ' world championships in its 10-year history . The spoils of this success had been on display in the reception to its factory , which is based on an industrial estate in Milton Keynes , England . "  We are obviously devastated by this serious factory break-in , which saw offenders drive a vehicle through our front entrance and steal more than 60 trophies which took years and hard work to accumulate , " Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said in a statement . "  The break in caused significant damage and was very upsetting for our night officers who were on duty at the time . "  Beyond the aggressive nature of this break in , we are perplexed why anyone would take these trophies . "  The value to the team is of course extraordinarily high due to the sheer hard work and effort that went into winning each and every one . But their intrinsic value is low ; they would be of little benefit to those outside of the team and , in addition to that , many of the trophies on display were replicas . " Smash and grab Thames Valley Police are investigating the incident which took place just before 01:30 Friday . A statement by the police , who are appealing for witnesses , detailed the robbery was carried out by around six men . "  Two cars were involved in the burglary , " the statement added . "  A silver 4x4 which was used to drive through the entrance and a further dark colored , black or dark blue Mercedes estate car . Both are believed to have foreign number plates . " Red Bull said it would be review access to its factory following the incident . The team has a reputation as one of the most open in the secretive world of F1 .	Red Bull Formula One team "  devastated " by burglary Thieves drove away with more than 60 trophies after Friday night break in Thames Valley Police say six men and two cars used in robbery Red Bull team boss Christian Horner says value of trophies is low
He 's a survivalist with an extensive shooting background and a grudge against law enforcement , officials say . Eric Matthew Frein apparently cut his hair into a mohawk-style haircut as part of his mental preparation for the attack on police and was active in a military simulation unit that reenacted Cold War-era European conflicts . And now authorities worry the man suspected of gunning down two Pennsylvania State Police troopers may be on the hunt for more officers . Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said Wednesday investigators are trying to determine why Frein may have attacked in the small , central Pennsylvania town of Blooming Grove . But they know that , generally , Frein "  has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder , " according to Noonan . "  He has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society . " Police say he 's responsible for the chaotic , bloody scene Friday night at the state police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . On Wednesday , Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens provided a few new details about Frein , including his apparent fascination with Eastern European armies , their history and attire . His simulation group -- which Bivens declined to name -- would stage re-enactments using Airsoft guns . In this case , though , authorities say Frein is using live ammunition and shooting to kill . "  It is believed that Frein has assumed the simulation role , and is now acting it out in real life , " Bivens said . The police lieutenant colonel said Frein has "  his head shaved on the sides with long hair on top , " wider than a "  mohawk " haircut , apparently as part of his mental preparation for his attacks on the troopers . The hairstyle is "  completely different from what he had worn for years . In words directed at Frein , Bivens was blunt . "  If you are cowering in some cool damp place , " Bivens said , "  We are coming for you . It is only a matter of time until we bring you to justice for committing these cowardly acts . " Nearly 200 officers are scouring eastern Pennsylvania for Frein . The manhunt has prompted schools in the area to close Wednesday . Until Frein is caught , no one is letting their guard down . Bivens said Frein has had a "  longstanding gripe with law enforcement and government in general " since at least 2006 and will likely "  stay focused on that fight . " The police lieutenant colonel thinks he 's likely still in the general area . "  This fellow is extremely dangerous , " Noonan said . ` Get him inside ' Cpl. Bryon Dickson was just ending his shift around 11:50 p.m. Friday when he walked out the station 's front door . He barely made it outside when a gunman shot him multiple times , a probable cause affidavit said . Another officer who saw Dickson on the ground came outside to help , the affidavit said . But as Dickson told her what happened , another shot pierced through the air . According to the documents , Dickson asked his colleague to "  get him inside . " But she could n't . At about the same time , a third officer headed in to start his overnight shift . But as Trooper Alex Douglass walked toward the front door , he , too , was shot , the affidavit said . While Douglass managed to crawl into the station , other officers had to devise a plan to safely move Dickson inside . They swooped into the front of the building in a marked SUV to block troopers as they brought Dickson into the building . But it was too late . Dickson was declared dead at the station . Douglass was rushed to a hospital in Scranton and is recovering from a gunshot wound to the pelvic area . Authorities have been looking for Frein since . They have n't found him . But , on Monday morning , a man walking his dog in a wooded area of Pike County noticed a green Jeep slightly submerged in a retention pond , according to the affidavit . As he walked closer , he noticed no one was inside . But when troopers executed a search warrant , they found a cache of items inside : two spent .308 cartridge casings , camouflage face paint , military gear and "  various information concerning foreign embassy 's , " the affidavit aid . They also found Frein 's driver 's license and Social Security card . A survivalist by hobby Frein , 31 , is a survivalist by hobby who lives in Monroe County , authorities said . Noonan said anyone who might know something about Frein or spot him should contact authorities right away . But a friend of the suspect described Frein as "  a pretty rational guy . " "  He 's intelligent . When people say that he 's a survivalist , there 's almost somewhat of a negative connotation to that , " the friend , who wanted to be identified only as "  Jack , " told CNN 's Alisyn Camerota . "  He definitely let his opinions about the government be known , " Jack said . "  He was obviously a big critic of the federal government , but he never specifically targeted police when he was talking to me . No indications of really any malice towards law enforcement in particular . Most of his aggression was  toward  the federal government . " Frein 's father told authorities that two firearms were missing from the family 's house , including an AK-47 and a rifle . The father said his son grew up with guns and was a member of his high school 's rifle club . When Frein shoots , his father told authorities , he "  does n't miss . " Troopers , town hurting : ` Everybody feels it ' As Pennsylvania state troopers hunt for Frein ; they are mourning one of their own . About a dozen of their vehicles , lights flashing , passed through Dickson 's hometown of Dunmore en route to his funeral Wednesday at Marywood University in adjacent Scranton . Jim Williams told CNN affiliate WNEP that he was happy to give coffee and lunch to some state troopers that came into his Dunmore business , Varsity Pit Stop . But he understands they 'll need much more to cope with their loss . "  What they 're going through now , it 's terrible , " Williams said . Many people in the borough of 14,000 people are hurting , too . "  It 's a small town . Everybody knows everybody , " Dunmore resident Mike Brazil told WNEP . "  And it 's hard ... Everybody feels it . "	Pennsylvania state troopers , town hurting as slain officer is buried Eric Matthew Frein , 31 , is wanted in the state trooper 's death Police : Frein was part of military simulation group , is now "  acting it out in real life " Friend : Most of his aggression was toward the federal government
Tokyo  CNN  -- The number of suicides in Japan hit a two-year high in the month of May , according to data released Wednesday by the nation 's authorities . For the first time in two years , the monthly suicide number topped 3,000 in the month of May , the National Police Agency said . The report says suicides in Japan totaled 3,281 in May 2011 , up nearly 20 % from the same month last year . The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides since the end of last year , when the government launched a national public awareness campaign . Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11 , and continues to grapple with a nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . National suicide figures increased the two months following the disaster , the figures show . The most populous region of Tokyo saw the highest number of suicides in May at 325 , the agency said . In the area hit hardest by the nuclear crisis , Fukushima saw 19 more suicides in May 2011 compared with May last year , with a total of 68 . The tsunami-devastated prefecture of Miyagi showed no change in its suicide numbers and Iwate prefecture saw a decline of three . Northern Japan , which was devastated by the tsunami , had the highest rate of suicide in the country in 2010 , according to the police agency . Iwate prefecture in 2010 had the second-highest suicide rate . Fukushima and Miyagi prefectures last year had a higher suicide rate than Tokyo . Japan 's suicide rate remains one of the highest among developed nations , according to the World Health Organization .	Monthly suicide number tops 3,000 for the first time in two years Report : Suicides in Japan totaled 3,281 in May The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An 8 year-old boy was hanged by militants in Afghanistan 's Helmand province after the boy 's father -- a police officer in the southern city of Gereshk -- refused to comply with militants ' demands to provide them with a police vehicle , officials said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the hanging , saying "  this action is not permitted in any culture or any religions , " according to a statement Sunday , which provided details of the incident . Karzai said he has ordered local authorities to root out the militants and arrest them "  as soon as possible . " The boy was kidnapped Friday . It was unclear when he was killed . The incident comes amid a recent wave of attacks on local officials who are considered anti-Taliban . Less than two weeks ago , Ahmed Wali Karzai , Karzai 's half-brother and a provincial council chief in neighboring Kandahar , was killed in his home by a longtime bodyguard . Elsewhere on Sunday , formal ceremonies marking the handover of security to Afghan forces took place in Kabul and Panjshir province . They are the fifth and sixth areas to be transferred to national forces . Last week , the capital of Helmand province -- Lashkar Gah -- was transferred to local control as NATO begins a drawdown of troops . The area was a scene of heavy fighting and stiff resistance last year as a coalition "  surge " swept southward in an effort to drive Taliban forces from their traditional heartland .	The boy 's father , a police officer , refused to provide militants with a police vehicle The boy was kidnapped Friday The capital of Helmand province was transferred to local control last week
A prosecutor in Texas wants Adrian Peterson arrested and his bond revoked after the NFL star allegedly admitted to smoking marijuana while out on bail on a felony child abuse charge . Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon sent a motion to the 9th District Court to set aside the NFL star 's bail , saying Peterson told an employee of a company that does drug testing that he "  smoked a little weed . " Peterson posted $ 15,000 bail on September 12 . Ligon said Peterson 's reported admission before giving a urine sample on Wednesday amounts to grounds for revocation of the bond . One of Peterson 's attorneys , Rusty Hardin , said he had no comment on the latest development in the case , which is tentatively scheduled to go to trial on December 1 . In his motion , Ligon said Texas law allows a judge to "  order the accused to be rearrested , and require the accused to give another bond . " It is unclear when a judge will rule on Ligon 's request . There also is a motion from Ligon for Judge Kelly Case to recuse himself . A hearing was set for November . Peterson trial to begin in December if judge is n't nixed for ` media whores ' jab Peterson -- who in 2011 signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million and is considered one of the NFL 's best running backs , if not the best -- left the Minnesota Vikings last month after the team deactivated , then activated and deactivated him again after accusations that he whipped his 4-year-old son with a "  switch , " or slender tree branch . The Vikings did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Authorities have not divulged details of the case against Peterson , but photos obtained by TMZ allegedly show Peterson 's son 's leg covered in marks , some of which appeared to have broken the skin . Peterson turned himself in and was released on a $ 15,000 bond . According to Texas law , people can be convicted of injury to a child if they cause bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or cause such harm by omission . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Hardin has said his client never meant to harm the boy and was simply doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " Peterson likewise defended himself , saying he is "  not a perfect parent , but I am , without a doubt , not a child abuser . "	Prosecutor says Peterson admitted to smoking marijuana while on bail District Attorney Brett Ligon is asking for the NFL star to be rearrested It is the second legal wrinkle in two days for the child abuse case On Wednesday , the prosecutor asked the judge to recuse himself
CNN  -- The first bodies to be recovered from the crash of Air France 447 arrived at a Brazilian Air Force base in Recife , Brazil , Wednesday , the air force announced . Brazilian pilots and a medical team bring one of the first bodies ashore at Fernando de Noronha island . The 16 bodies were taken to the Legal Medical Institute in Recife for identification , the statement said . Police will perform DNA tests at their lab in the capital , Brasilia , if necessary , they said . Another 25 bodies have been found and will go through the same procedure starting Thursday , the air force said . Official identification of the bodies will be made only by the Legal Medicine Institute , even if any of the bodies could have been identified while on Fernando de Noronha , the islands where they were first brought after being recovered . A French nuclear submarine joined the hunt Wednesday for the flight data recorders and other wreckage from Air France Flight 447 as Brazilian air force and navy crews continued to pull bodies from the Atlantic . Bad weather and poor visibility are expected in the search area , Brazilian Air Force spokesmen said . France is leading the investigation into what caused last week 's accident when the Paris-bound flight from Rio de Janeiro plunged into the sea off the Brazilian coast with 228 passengers and crew on board . The French nuclear submarine Emeraude began patrolling the area Wednesday morning , the French defense ministry said . Around 400 French military personnel are involved in the salvage effort . France has also sent two tugs towing 40 tons of recovery equipment , a surveillance ship and a ship equipped for amphibious operations . Fourteen aircraft -- 12 Brazilian and two French -- are participating , along with five Brazilian ships . The U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen underwater for the emergency beacons that are attached to the voice and data recorders . The "  towed pinger locators , " which help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 6,000 meters  20,000 feet  -- will be placed aboard the French tugs . Watch challenges faced by search crews " Brazilian officials emphasized earlier this week that finding bodies was their main priority . The French are in charge of finding the voice and data recorders . The 16 bodies retrieved Tuesday from the Atlantic were taken to the island of Fernando de Noronha for transport by helicopter to Recife . The 25 bodies previously found were put aboard a Brazilian frigate . Watch bodies being returned to land " The first bodies were recovered about 320 kilometers  200 miles  northwest of the Brazilian archipelago of Saint Peter and Saint Paul ; Tuesday 's recoveries were 80 kilometers  50 miles  away . See photos of bodies arriving at Fernando de Noronha " It was not clear whether the bodies had drifted in the 1-2 knot currents or whether their separation suggested that the jet may have broken apart in the air . The location of the crash has not been determined , because ocean currents have moved the bodies and debris . The search area covers 200,000 square km  77,220 square miles  , Brazilian officials said . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " The ocean depth where the debris and bodies have been found varies , but averages about 3,000 meters  nearly 9,900 feet  deep , according to the University of New Hampshire/National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association Joint Hydrographic Center . Brazilian officials said the plane debris will be taken to France for investigation but the bodies would undergo forensic tests in Recife . The cause of the crash is still not known , but investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors known as Pitot tubes , among other factors . Did plane 's tail fin snap off ? " Air France has agreed to replace the sensors on its Airbus A330 and A340 jets , a pilots ' union said Tuesday . The airline said Saturday that it began replacing its fleet 's sensors last month . Another Air France pilots ' union , ALTER , has advised its pilots not to fly planes until their Pitot tubes are replaced . ALTER , the smallest of three Air France pilots ' unions , would not say what percentage of the carrier 's pilots it represents . The biggest union , SNPL , said Tuesday it has accepted Air France 's assurances that no Airbus A330 or A340 will take off unless at least two of its three Pitot tubes have been replaced . Union spokesman Eric Derivry added that there is no indication that the Pitot tubes caused the accident . Air France said over the weekend that it began to notice in May of last year that Pitot tubes sometimes briefly iced up at high altitude on A330s and A340s . That caused "  a loss of airspeed data , " according to the airline -- that is , the pilots did n't know the plane 's speed . Air France decided to replace all its probes starting April 27 , following laboratory tests earlier in the year , the airline said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Ayesha Durgahee , Niki Cook , Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	16 bodies retrieved from crashed airliner arrive in mainland Brazil Bodies taken to police laboratory in Brasilia for DNA testing French nuclear submarine joins hunt for wreckage from Air France Flight 447 Location , cause of crash off Brazilian coast have not been determined
CNN  -- The mission is anything but a Mickey Mouse task : Navigate the world 's most treacherous seas , crossing 73,000 nautical kilometers in a confined space with stressed-out , sleep-deprived crewmates . That 's the challenge facing two sailors -- Charlie Enright and Mark Towill -- who met on the set of a Disney movie . "  When they say this is the hardest race in the world , that 's true , " Towill tells CNN as he reflects on the Volvo Ocean Race , a grueling feat of endurance where competitors will face 30-meter waves in the Southern Ocean and winds of 110 kph  68 mph  . With such conditions , tragedy is always a risk -- Dutch sailor Hans Horrevoets died in the 2005-06 race when he was swept overboard . The nine-month event begins in Alicante , Spain , on Saturday . Its eventual finish in June in Gothenburg , Sweden , will mark the longest route in the event 's 42-year history . Not surprisingly Towill , general manager of Team Alvimedica , describes the buildup as the "  calm before the storm , " while Enright admits it is impossible to predict what lies ahead in the coming months away from family and friends . To add a further twist in the marathon journey ahead , the American pair 's crew is the youngest in the race -- skipper Enright is 30 while Towill is just 25 . They are reunited seven years after meeting on the set of Morning Light -- the brainchild of Roy Disney Jnr. , a nephew of the company 's legendary founder Walt . Roy Disney , who died in 2009 a year after its release , came up with the idea of getting a crew of aged 18 to 23 to compete in the Transpacific Yacht Race from San Pedro in California to Honolulu in Hawaii . Hundreds applied but just 15 were selected , among them Towill and Enright . "  I just put my application in at the last minute as my flatmates did it , " says Enright . "  I loved every minute . " From day one , despite the five-year age gap and differing backgrounds , the pair struck up a friendship that 's still going strong . Enright hails from Rhode Island , a state awash with sailors , while Towill , from Hawaii , was the first in his family to take an interest in sailing . "  They would n't know what the boom or the spinnaker pole was but they 're my biggest supporters , " says Towill , who followed his newfound friend to Ivy League university Brown where they studied and sailed . Coached by Volvo Ocean Race sailors , they took on board every nugget of information they could about offshore racing before signing up in 2011 to the race 's development program , learning the business side of getting together a team and the finances required . They worked tirelessly to get sponsors before Alvimedica , a medical technologies company that had already been liaising with race organizers , became a financial backer . Both parties ' involvement was made possible by a cost-cutting rule for the 2014-15 race which meant teams would no longer make their own boats but use a centrally built Volvo Ocean 65 one-design vessel by Farr Yacht Design . It brought down the price of entering a team from $ 70 million to $ 21 million . "  It 's a fairytale story , " says Towill , recalling the surprisingly swift sealing of the deal . "  Alvimedica is a young company growing rapidly and we are a young team , so it was the perfect fit with American sailors -- and America 's a big market for them . " That sole meeting spilled over to dinner , followed by a night out which eventually ended at 1 a.m. with a handshake to confirm the partnership . Enright and Towill needed to be up at 6 a.m. for a flight home but snuck out for another drink on their own to celebrate what they had achieved . For Enright , it was the realization of a lifelong ambition . He recalls in grade two at school putting together a project on the Whitbread Round The World race , set up in 1972 and by which it was known until Volvo became the title sponsor in 2001 . "  It 's the pinnacle of offshore racing , which is what I like most , and it just became a natural ambition , " he says . As skipper , he knows the buck stops with him on the water and he admits he thrives on both the pressure and responsibility of seven other sailors relying on him for their direction and personal safety . Throughout the race , he will work closely with Towill as always , who he calls the yin to his yang , both with the shared aim "  to keep each other honest . " Towill admits to having gone into hibernation in the buildup to the race , knowing that there will only be snippets of sleep in the next nine months , and he expects their friendship will be tested . "  I 'd be lying if I said it was going to be peachy all the time , " says Towill , who turned down a job in renewable energy in San Francisco to follow his sailing ambitions . "  There 's eight guys on a boat with not much space , stress and a lack of sleep . The dynamic of how we are as a group is important . " Amid the young guns on board , Australian navigator Will Oxley will provide experience . By the end of the race , the Volvo veteran will have turned 50 and sailed competitively more than the distance to the moon during an impressive career . Oxley 's advice to Enright has been to "  keep it all in perspective . " The two young sailors and their crew will also be hoping for a Disney ending . In pictures : The Everest of sailing ?	Brought together on the set of a Disney movie , two friends set to tackle the Volvo Ocean Race Charlie Enright and Mark Towill will travel 73,000 nautical kilometers over nine months The youngest team , they raised the required $ 21 million in funding to compete in the event Manager Towill warned tempers will be frayed and friendships tested during the race
CNN  -- On Saturday , European Space Agency astronaut and World Wildlife Fund ambassador Andr  Kuipers will watch from the International Space Station as each time zone hits 8:30 p.m. -- and track to see who on Earth turns out the lights . Kuipers will blog from 240 miles above the planet as part of the Earth Hour , an annual event that encourages homes , businesses and governments to turn off their lights for one hour to build awareness about energy use and climate change . "  We are living beyond our means . That is not sustainable , " says Andy Ridley , co-founder and executive director of Earth Hour . "  We want to unite people around the world to build a sustainable future . " The message seems to hit home . Earth Hour 2012 has commitments from individuals , companies and landmarks to switch off lights in 147 countries and territories and over 5,000 cities , organizers say . Sydney 's Opera House is scheduled to go dark , followed by Asian landmarks such as the Great Wall of China , the Tokyo Tower , Taipei 101 and the India Gate . In Dubai , the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa , will switch off its lights . Other landmarks pledged to switch off : The Eiffel Tower in Paris , London 's Big Ben , the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin , the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro and the Empire State Building in New York . Kuipers will watch the spectacle from orbit , sharing photos and live commentary on the event from space for the first time . Taking place on the last Saturday each March , the numbers of people and countries participating has increased each year , Ridley says . "  It became easier than ever to connect people around the world , " says Ridley . But Earth Hour 's long term goal is to go "  beyond the hour . " For Ridley , the important question is not if action on climate change is happening , but "  is it happening fast enough , " he says . "  We need to move a lot further , faster and as soon as possible . That is the big challenge , that we all move and that the economies can adapt to the change . " Organized by the World Wildlife Fund , Earth Hour started in Sydney in 2007 , when WWF-Australia encouraged 2.2 million individuals and more than 2,000 businessmen to turn off their lights for one hour to support action on climate change .	Earth Hour asks individuals and businesses to turn off their lights at 8:30 p.m. The Sydney Opera House , Empire State Building and Eiffel Tower will go black Organizers have pledges from 147 countries and over 5,000 cities to go dark An astronaut on the International Space Station will blog on event from orbit
Boston  CNN  -- Out of sheer boredom , Susumu Ito , in World War II , became a forward artillery observer , one of the most dangerous jobs available . "  I lied to my mom and told her it was assigned , " he recalled . "  I did n't want to tell her I thought it was exciting . " Forward artillery observers are among the first to go behind enemy lines , scouting for enemy installations and troop formations , targeting them for artillery strikes . In combat , he used an artillery periscope to spot enemy positions and direct cannon fire . Ito had been in the Army since 1940 , but after the attack on Pearl Harbor , many Japanese-American soldiers were discharged , and even those kept on were disarmed and reassigned . "  They took our rifles away , they did n't know what to do with us , " Ito said . At first , the Army made him a mechanic , a job he found tedious . "  Except for reveille at 6 o'clock in the morning , we had duties that were entirely like civilians . " In 1943 , the creation of the segregated 442nd Regimental Combat Team allowed Japanese-Americans to prove their loyalty to the United States . Ito and thousands of other Asian-Americans welcomed the chance to demonstrate their courage in combat . "  The majority got into the infantry , and that 's what I expected , but I was happy to be in the artillery , " he said . On Wednesday , Ito , along with more than 1,000 members of the 100th Battalion , 442nd RCT , will be honored on Capitol Hill with a Congressional Gold Medal for their extraordinary accomplishments in World War II . The Congressional Gold Medal is the nation 's highest civilian award . Japanese-American WWII vets awarded special medal During World War II , Ito watched as hundreds of men , including dozens of his friends , fell in battle . He witnessed prisoners in striped uniforms look back at their liberators with sunken eyes . He even got to walk around the Berghof , Adolf Hitler 's residence near his famed "  Eagle 's Nest " retreat in the Alps . Before deploying to Europe , Ito had seen and been behind the barbed wire that surrounded his family 's barracks at Rohwer Relocation Center in southeast Arkansas . After the attack on Pearl Harbor , Japanese-Americans were labeled "  enemy aliens , " and more than 110,000 were sent to internment camps across the United States . Though he was concerned , Ito says that he and his family accepted this as something that had to be done . "  It was a strange feeling to have an armed guard give me a pass in order to be let in , " he said . Ito captured many of his wartime experiences with his small Argus camera . Under orders not to bring cameras , he brought one anyway , as he wanted to keep a record . "  It was quite unique because no one to my knowledge had a camera , they all obeyed orders . I bent them whenever possible . " Ito is now 92 years old , a retired Harvard Medical Emeritus professor who spends his days inside a laboratory using high-tech microscopy equipment to view his cell specimens . His photographs still generate a range of emotions . Many are group shots of smiling war buddies , posing near their howitzers or against scenic backdrops . Some feature the capture of German soldiers or the damaged buildings of the Berghof , and others contain more solemn reminders of the concentration camps , which evoke a sense of indignation . Ito 's unit , the 522nd Field Artillery , liberated concentration camp prisoners from a subcamp of Dachau , a town in southern Germany . "  It was an awful feeling , hearing a Lithuanian teenager , in his gray uniform , translate what had happened , " he recalled . As he snapped photos of the survivors , he thought of his parents and the stark difference in treatment between the German and American camps . "  I have objected to Americans calling the U.S. relocation centers ` concentration camps , ' because in my mind , they were nothing compared to the emaciated bodies and crematoria we found in Germany , " he said . The 442nd motto was "  Go for Broke , " a saying that rings true for the regiment 's battle-hardened soldiers . Most notably , it related to the famous rescue of the Lost Battalion in France in October 1944 , when around 230 men in the 141st Regiment , 36th Texas Division , were surrounded by German forces in the Vosges Mountains . Ito still gets goose bumps talking about it . The 442nd dug foxholes in the dense woods , as trees burst and casualties mounted from shrapnel . "  It was so dark , you could n't see the man in front of you , " he said . Artillery continued to rain down on them . On the fifth day , two infantry companies , plus 2nd Lt. Ito and his three men , were ordered to charge the hill and reach the 141st . The hill was later renamed Banzai Hill . " ` Banzai ' was a Japanese battle cry , " Ito explained . The Japanese were notorious for massed suicidal offenses , and now the Americans were directing the same charge at the Germans . Ito and the three men under his command were part of the K and I companies that sent up 371 men . Only 25 soldiers reached the battalion unhurt ; including Ito and his three artillerymen . "  I lost so many colleagues in the rescue , " Ito recalled , his voice hoarse . The 442nd suffered 800 casualties in less than a week . "  I do n't know why I was so fortunate . I 'm very grateful for the time given to me . I aim to make the most of it . " Needless to say , Ito is proud of his regiment 's accomplishments and humbled by the recognition after all these years . He believes this unit 's dedication to American patriotism is finally being noticed . "  Despite the fact that we were rounded up , segregated and interned , I think the message I would like to spread is that our loyalty to the United States is unquestioned . " CNN 's Amanda White contributed to this story	Japanese-American Susumu Ito fought in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team in WW II Members of the 442nd RCT are being honored on Capitol Hill with a Congressional Gold Medal The Congressional Gold Medal is the nation 's highest civilian award
CNN  -- Jockeys may rely on real live horsepower to help them reach the winning post , but they still train like athletes . When you are riding half a ton of flesh at 40 mph you have to be able to hold your horse . The riders , as well as their runners , follow a strict fitness regime -- and the result is a proven formula for a well-balanced and healthy body . "  Fitness has changed massively from the days when jockeys were just turning up at the races and were drinking , " flat racing jockey Martin Lane told CNN . "  Now we 're at the peak of our fitness . It 's definitely not just sitting on a horse ! " In the English town of Newmarket , ex-jockey Richard Perham runs a boot camp for jockeys at the British Racing School . Any budding jockey hoping to gain a license to ride from the British Horseracing Authority now has to pass a fitness assessment laid out by Perham . Getting race fit starts by building the key muscles used to guide the world 's speediest steeds to the finish . The legs , lower body and core are the three areas of the body on which jockeys focus in training . Upper body strength is also crucial when it comes to controlling the horse . "  If you looked at a jockey without clothes on , there are n't many who have an ounce of fat underneath the skin , " Perham told CNN . "  It 's literally muscle and bone . Jockeys are incredibly well-toned athletes in the same way that Olympic champions Jessica Ennis or Mo Farah are . " Racing fit Jockey training is not for the faint of heart , or those who like a lie-in . Lane trains six days a week -- and only allows himself a rest on Sunday mornings . "  I 'm up around half past five or six most mornings , " the 27-year-old explained . "  I 'd then spend two and a half hours riding out . "  Then I 'll have a cycle -- I ride 150 miles each week . The aerobic fitness from the cycling is what gets you through the season . "  Before the season starts , I 'm at the gym with a personal trainer three mornings a week working on basic strength and a bit of boxing thrown in there as well . "  In the afternoons I go racing , and race riding keeps you pretty fit too . " Jockeys can also top up their conditioning at the British Racing School 's training suite in Newmarket . Here resident fitness coach Yariv Kam , a former basketball player , oversees bleep tests , squats  at the wall and standing on wobble cushions  , timed sit-ups , push and pull band exercises and the dreaded plank . All these exercises in some way replicate the crouched racing stance adopted by jockeys -- the so-called "  Martini glass " position . This precarious pose also asks the riders to summon balancing skills , and this is tested on the "  equisizer " -- a cross between a rocking horse and a bucking bronco . Complete with a swishing tail and cozy blanket , the equisizer is a lifesize , legless horse which simulates the forwards and backwards rhythm that jolts jockeys during the races . It is used , along with other simulators like Perham 's own Rideaway device , to help jockeys stay balanced -- and stay on the horse . "  Balance and fitness are equally important for jockeys but balance must come first , " explained Perham . "  In the same way that in yoga you need to hold those positions for a period of time , a jockey also needs core stability to maintain his balance . " One meal a day Maintaining equilibrium is also important for jockeys when it comes to their weight . They are put under enormous pressure to meet weight requirements . In the U.S. and Great Britain , the minimum riding weight is 53 kg for the leaner flat racing jockeys and 61.5 kg for jump jockeys . The majority are naturally slim and slight , so their fitness regimes do not tend to be focused on weight loss , although the amount of intensive training and riding does help keep off the pounds . "  I 'm lucky that I can literally eat whatever I want and I wo n't get any heavier than 53 kg , " explained Lane , who started riding when he was 12 . "  But some of the other guys struggle with one meal a day . Mentally , it 's a big task not to be eating . " The British Racing School also helps jockeys maintain a balanced diet by offering advice from nutritionists . There is also a jockey cook book which includes calorie-counted recipes such as Mexican beans and rice , and spicy sausage hot pot . Not just about the horse But , in the same way that motorsport drivers rely on the horsepower of their car engines , are n't jockeys mainly relying on real horsepower to win races ? Perham concedes that the work level is split 90 % to 10 % in favor of the horse . But Lane , who has ridden more than 350 winners , believes jockeys can lose races if they are not physically fit . "  People say , ` It 's the horse , you just have to sit there , ' but we have proved that fitness definitely comes into it , " he reasoned . "  It may only be 10 % us but if we 're only 50 % fit then the jockey can only commit 5 % of the work during a race . "  If we 're not as fit as we can be then we 're definitely affecting the horse . " As an example , he cited last weekend 's Shergar Cup , a team event held at Britain 's Ascot racecourse where jockeys compete for international teams . "  The English and European jockeys were so much fitter than the jockeys from the rest of the world . You could see at the finish they were n't as strong . " To show how hard it is to train like a jockey , Perham put World Sport anchor Alex Thomas through his physical tests for CNN 's Winning Post show . At the British Racing School , Thomas was unseated on his first ride on the equisizer . He also found he was no match for a professional jockey like Lane . In Perham 's fitness assessment , Thomas managed to last 40 seconds in the sit-up test compared to the jockey average of 240 seconds , and while the average rider could stay in the stomach-clenching plank pose for 180 seconds , the journalist managed a third of that time . "  I knew it was going to be hard but I did n't think it would be that tough , " Thomas grimaced at the end of his grueling physical . "  Safe to say , I wo n't be applying for my racing license anytime soon ! " All-round fitness Not everyone has the lean and light physique that is a prerequisite for becoming a jockey , but getting race fit can help anyone become a fitness thoroughbred . "  The tools we use are all based around gym exercises that people do , " explained Perham . "  The simulator that I 've designed is based around preparing jockeys but it 's also very , very easily adaptable as a piece of gym equipment , similar to a rowing machine or a cross trainer . It 's an all-round fitness tool . " While following such a training regime might not ultimately help you ride a winner in the Grand National or Breeders ' Cup , Lane agrees that the principles of the program have benefits for anyone wanting to get fit . "  It 's good for an all-round level of fitness , " he added . "  Being fit makes everyday life so much easier . "	The British Racing School at Newmarket runs a fitness boot camp for jockeys Jockeys focus on core , legs and upper body strength but aim to avoid muscle mass Jockey Martin Lane trains six days a week and races every day in the summer Success in races depends 90 % on horsepower and 10 % on jockey ability
CNN  -- Robin van Persie officially arrived at Manchester United from Arsenal on Friday , declaring he was "  honored " to be spearheading the Old Trafford club 's hunt for a 20th English league title . The Dutch striker is in line to make his United debut in Monday 's Premier League fixture against Everton after signing a four-year deal until 2016 . He has never won a league title with Arsenal -- where his only trophy was a domestic cup seven years ago -- or at his previous club Feyenoord . "  I am looking forward to following in the footsteps of so many great strikers , bringing my experience and playing my part to help the team compete for the biggest trophies in the game . I ca n't wait to get started , " the 29-year-old said in an official statement . Van Persie , who finished last season as the English first division 's top goalscorer with 30 goals , moved to Arsenal from the Netherlands in 2004 . He went on to score 96 goals in 194 appearances , being named club captain last season . Which clubs will win Europe 's top leagues ? He had been linked with United 's crosstown rivals , Premier League champions Manchester City , as well as Italian league winners Juventus . "  In these situations , when you have to make a hard decision in your life , I always listen to that little boy inside me . What does he want ? That boy was screaming for Manchester United , " Van Persie told reporters on Friday . "  Everyone knows me by now . I love football . I am quite principled in that perspective . It is always difficult to find the perfect match but I do feel this is the perfect match for me . "  Manchester United breathes football . If you look at all the players from Manchester United , the stadium and manager , my choice was made very soon . " Manchester City 's Barcelona acquisition United manager Alex Ferguson hopes Van Persie can combine with England forward Wayne Rooney , who finished second behind his new teammate in the goalscoring stakes last term with 27 goals . "  Robin is a world-class striker with a proven record in England and in European football , " said Ferguson . "  His talents need no introduction to our fans -- he has scored a number of goals against us in some classic battles with his former club . His movement , finishing and all-round ability are outstanding . "  If you go back six months ago , I could n't see us getting him . I thought Arsenal are not going to let him go . When I read he had refused a new contract , that is when we acted . It has been a long haul . " Following the recruitment of Van Persie , Ferguson drew parallels with United 's current strike force and the group of goalscorers he had at his disposal when the club won a treble in 1999 , being crowned European champions and English league and FA Cup winners . "  In 1999 I had Dwight Yorke , Andy Cole , Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer , the four best strikers in Europe , " Ferguson told reporters . "  We are going towards that now . They  Rooney and Van Persie  are two fantastic players and it will be great to have both of them . It gives us more strength and more combinations up front . "  It is a fantastic collection of players and hopefully I pick the right combinations . It is great to have a player of Robin van Persie 's qualities to come into the squad . I am very pleased . " His arrival will almost certainly mean the departure of Bulgaria striker Dimitar Berbatov , who was the Premier League 's joint top scorer in 2010-11 but spent most of last season on the bench as Danny Welbeck and Javier Hernandez partnered Rooney . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will look to new signings Lukas Podolski of Germany and France 's Olivier Giroud to fire the Gunners to a first trophy since beating United in the 2005 FA Cup final . "  We have regret because we have lost a great player , " Wenger told a press conference ahead of Arsenal 's season opener against Sunderland . "  He had only one year left on his contract and he wanted to go . We had anticipated this situation might happen therefore we have bought Podolski and Giroud . We were prepared . " Van Persie may not be the last player to leave the Emirates Stadium this transfer window , with reports suggesting midfielder Alex Song is on the verge of a move to Barcelona . When asked about Song 's possible departure and a potential Arsenal move for Real Madrid 's Nuri Sahin , Wenger responded : "  Both can happen . " Meanwhile , U.S. international Clint Dempsey is expected to leave Premier League club Fulham , having been linked with Liverpool . The 29-year-old attacking midfielder , who scored 23 goals in all competitions last season , has been fined for refusing to play in Saturday 's opening game against Norwich , according to the UK Press Association .	Robin van Persie says he is "  honored " to have signed for Manchester United The striker signed a four-year deal with United after finalizing his move from Arsenal United manager Alex Ferguson hails Van Persie as "  a world-class striker " Midfielder Alex Song could follow Van Persie out of Arsenal after being linked with Barcelona
New Delhi  CNN  -- A day out turned to tragedy Tuesday when a white tiger in a New Delhi zoo mauled a visitor to death , an official said . The attack happened around lunchtime after the visitor "  jumped into the tiger 's enclosure , " zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri told CNN . At a police briefing on the case , Mandeep Singh Randhawa , a deputy police commissioner , said the victim was a man aged 19 or 20 from New Delhi . Only his first name , Maqsood , has been released so far . Oklahoma zoo tiger mauls employee 's arm Local media earlier reported that he appeared to be a teenage schoolboy . The tiger apparently grabbed the visitor by his neck , dragged him to a corner and mauled him , a cell phone video played out on local television networks showed . Eyewitnesses who spoke with reporters gave a similar account of the attack and accused zoo security of a slow response . "  Instead of focusing on saving that person 's life , the security was focusing on shooing away the crowds who had gathered there , " an unnamed woman visitor said in televised comments from outside the zoo . Family settles lawsuit in mauling death of boy at zoo	NEW : The victim was a man aged 19 or 20 from New Delhi , police say The visitor "  jumped into the tiger 's enclosure , " the zoo director says Cell phone video appears to show the tiger grabbing the man by his neck , mauling him
A Palestinian teenage girl with a knife assaulted an Israeli man Monday in the West Bank , adding another attack to a chain of ethnic violence . At least 10 Israelis have died in attacks since October . A young Palestinian girl was also reportedly killed in ethnic violence . Israeli security officers opened fire on the Palestinian teenager . She sustained "  serious injuries , " Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The girl was taken to a hospital . The stabbing victim was "  lightly wounded " near the cluster of Jewish settlements of Gush Etzion , Israel Defense Forces said . In recent weeks , Palestinian attackers killed and injured Israelis in gun , knife and car attacks . Israeli police have responded by shooting dead most of the alleged assailants . Authorities said Monday they are investigating an incident involving a vehicle that struck an Israeli citizen at the Alon junction on the West Bank . The 50-year-old man is in serious condition in Tel HaShomer Hospital in Tel Aviv . A slew of attacks Here is a look at a few recent acts of violence :  Two Palestinian cousins stormed a Jerusalem synagogue in mid-November with a gun and butcher 's knives , killing five . They were shot dead by police .  Days later , Israeli authorities said they foiled a plot by Palestinians to assassinate Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman .  More than a week earlier , attackers stabbed one Israeli soldier to death in Tel Aviv and three more Israelis near a West Bank settlement , the IDF said . One of the West Bank victims also died .  In early November , a Palestinian man driving a van plowed into pedestrians at a train stop in eastern Jerusalem , killing two . Another 12 people were injured . The man died in police gunfire after also attacking people with a metal bar , police said .  In October , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . The driver of the vehicle was shot as he tried to flee and later died .  Also in October , according to a Palestinian state news report , an Israeli man killed a 5-year-old Palestinian girl when he ran her down in a car as she walked home from kindergarten . The attack reportedly also injured a second 5-year-old girl . Tensions over the killings of Israeli teens and Palestinian boys marked the run-up to the military conflict in Gaza between Israel and Hamas this summer , which took dozens of Israeli lives and more than 2,100 Palestinian lives .	A Palestinian girl attacks an Israeli man in the West Bank , police say The knifing victim is lightly wounded , the IDF says Police open fire on the girl , wounding her seriously Palestinian attackers have assailed Israelis in recent weeks with knives , a gun and cars
