CNN  -- When CNN 's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "  a fan " of the president , Damon answered "  no . " Damon and the cast of "  The Adjustment Bureau " -- Emily Blunt , John Slattery and Anthony Mackie -- are Thursday evening 's guests on "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " During the course of their conversation , Damon and Morgan covered Hollywood , politics , fatherhood and much more . "  He  Obama  misinterpreted his mandate , " said Damon . "  He 's doubled down on a lot of things . " "  In his State of the Union he did n't even say the word ` poverty , ' " said Damon . "  You 've got millions of people languishing in it . " Damon , who backed the Obama campaign in 2008 , said he appreciates that the president is a "  deep thinker . " The actor called Obama brilliant , but said he "  definitely wanted more . " When questioned about what he 'd do about Afghanistan , Damon said , "  I do n't think the mission there has been very well articulated . And I think it would help to kind of reframe the way we 're thinking about being there and why we 're there . " Damon also said there has not been a meaningful reform of Wall Street . He said he believes that is "  dangerous " and "  shameful " and that the financial crisis is "  just going to happen again , " because "  they do n't make anything . They do n't build anything . " Morgan asked about Damon 's well-known disapproval of Sarah Palin and the fact that he has spoken out against her since she was announced as John McCain 's running mate in 2008 . Damon said he still feels it was reckless to have someone who was "  a complete mystery to everybody " be "  literally a heartbeat away from the presidency . " Damon also said he disagrees with Palin politically . "  She 's not somebody who I would vote for . " Damon said , though , that while he is passionate about politics , he has no political aspirations . "  I feel like the work I do now allows me to change things , " he said . Damon said he puts most of his free time into the nonpartisan Water.org movement , which is dedicated to getting clean water to people . While he said he is "  interested in everyone 's opinion " and "  interested in people who do n't agree with me , " when talking politics , that 's not his main interest . "  I love my job . I love making movies . " "  The Adjustment Bureau " is based on the premise that people have no control over destiny . Forces manipulate their every decision and there is no free will . In the film , the team known as the Adjustment Bureau is charged with keeping people on their predetermined paths . Matt Damon and Emily Blunt 's characters fall in love , even though they are not predestined for one another , and opt to fight the Adjustment Bureau . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Matt Damon : President Obama "  misinterpreted his mandate " The actor says he 's passionate about politics but has no political aspirations Damon : "  I feel like the work I do now allows me to change things " Damon is involved in the nonpartisan Water.org movement
CNN  -- Speaking Saturday at the Summit of the Americas , President Barack Obama said it is reasonable to debate alternatives in the war on drugs , but insisted legalizing drugs was n't a valid option in the United States . Obama voiced his view in his first public remarks at the hemispheric event during a meeting of business leaders , where he was part of a panel alongside Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . The possibility of drug legalization has gained traction in Central America , which is being squeezed between suppliers to the south and consumers to the north . Yet the idea goes against decades of the prohibitionist policy backed by the United States , which is largely followed and enforced in Latin America and the Caribbean . Santos noted Saturday that people in his native Colombia , too , have called for different ways to approach illicit drugs . "  Sometimes we pedal and pedal and pedal , and we feel like we are on a stationary bike , " he said of the war on drugs . "  I think the time has come to simply analyze if what we are doing is the best we could be doing , or if we can find an alternative that would be more effective and less costly to society . This is a topic of extreme political sensitivity . " He added , "  One extreme can be to put all users in prison . On the other extreme , legalization . In the middle there may be more practical policies , such as decriminalizing consumption but putting all the efforts into interdiction . " The first thing that regional leaders should do , Santos said later at the summit 's opening session , is seriously and collaboratively examine how to tackle drug trafficking "  without dogma , without prejudice . " "  This summit is not going to resolve this issue , " he said . "  But it can be a starting point to begin a discussion that we have been postponing for far too long . " Obama earlier Saturday left the door open for debate , but made it clear that the United States has a firm stance . "  I think it is entirely legitimate to have a conversation about whether the laws in place are doing more harm than good in certain places , " Obama said . "  I personally , and my administration 's position is , that legalization is not the answer . " Much attention in the run-up to the summit was on the drug issue , as well as on leaders from the hemisphere who are not present in the coastal city of Cartagena , Colombia . Venezuela 's foreign minister told reporters Saturday that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will not attend because of health reasons . Chavez had recently returned to his country from Cuba , where he underwent cancer treatment . Cuba , which is not a member of the Organization of American States , was not invited to join the leaders . But there was a last-minute push by Ecuador 's leftist President Rafael Correa to get Cuban leader Raul Castro a seat at the table . Correa boycotted the summit because of Cuba 's exclusion . Santos , a key U.S. ally , said in his opening remarks Saturday that it was time to overcome such issues -- calling it unthinkable if Cuba is not part of the next Summit of the Americas , as well as nearby Haiti . The United States has "  never been more excited " to work as equal partners with countries in Latin America , Obama said earlier Saturday -- a vow that 's been made before by U.S. presidents , but that nonetheless drew applause from the audience of business leaders . The president presented an upbeat assessment of hemispheric relations , touting a 46 % increase in trade between the United States and Latin American and Caribbean countries . "  This hemisphere is very well positioned in the global economy , " he said . Rousseff spoke of a need for a "  virtuous relationship " based on respect and equality among economies , while Santos said he welcomed a "  change of mentality in relations between north and south . " Obama pointed out one change he 'd like to see : "  I think in Latin America , part of the change in mentality , is also not always looking at the United States as the reason for everything ... that goes wrong . " There are many examples of increased cooperation between the United States and Latin America , but they are not always flashy and do n't draw the same type of attention that conflicts do , Obama said . "  Oftentimes in the press , the attention at summits like this ends up focusing on the controversies , " the president added . "  Sometimes those controversies date back to before I was born . " The summit 's start was momentarily overshadowed by two security incidents -- one involving bomb blasts and another involving Secret Service in Colombia to protect the U.S. delegation . Roughly a dozen Secret Service agents and officers are being investigated over early findings that they allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in Cartagena , two U.S. government sources familiar the investigation told CNN . The Secret Service personnel have since been sent back to the United States . Separately , two small blasts occurred nearly back-to-back Friday in Cartagena . The explosions -- one near a bus station and another near a shopping mall -- occurred a good distance away from where world leaders were gathering , said Alberto Cantihho Toncell , a spokesman for the Colombia National Police . There were no casualties , and only minor damage was reported , Toncell said . The explosions came on the heels of a similar one earlier in the day near the U.S. Embassy in the capital city of Bogota , authorities said . CNN 's Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Colombia 's president says it is unthinkable if Cuba is n't at the next summit NEW : Santos adds the summit can be a "  starting point " for talks on illicit drugs Obama says debate is fine , but insists legalization is n't an option in the U.S. The United States wants strong relations with Latin America , Obama says
A recently-fired employee opened fire at a UPS facility in Inglenook , Alabama , on Tuesday , killing two people before taking his own life , authorities said . Responding to calls of an active shooter , officers with the Birmingham Police Department entered the building and found the three dead , including the gunman from what looked to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Police said there were no other suspects . An investigation is under way . "  It will be a very methodical investigation , even though we have a pretty good idea about what transpired inside the business , " Birmingham Police Chief A.C. Roper told reporters . UPS released a statement confirming that two employees and a recently terminated employee are dead . They have not been identified , pending notification of next of kin . "  The safety of our employees is our primary focus , and UPS is cooperating fully with law enforcement , " the company said . "  Our focus now is on assisting the families of the victims , as well as the employees who work in this facility . " According to CNN affiliate WBRC , the two victims are believed to be higher-ranked employees . The gunman wore a UPS uniform . "  It appears that the shooter knew exactly who he wanted to target at the time , " said Birmingham police Lt. Sean Edwards , WBRC reported . The FBI in Birmingham had no immediate comment . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and co-workers of those who died this morning , " said Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley . He added : "  State law enforcement resources are available and ready to assist if needed as investigators work to determine a cause in this deadly shooting . " April : FedEx worker wounds 6 in Georgia , then kills himself	The suspected shooter was recently fired He died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound The FBI in Birmingham had no immediate comment
CNN Student News  -- May 3 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North Korea Mexico California ; New York City ; Jamestown , Virginia ; Portland , Oregon Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Britain 's love affair with the Tour de France will be rekindled when its 101st edition starts Saturday in a region famed for the literary works of the Bronte sisters and the rugged terrain which provided the setting for their most famous novels . The grueling three week-test over 3,664 kilometers , taking in the unforgiving mountains of the Alps and Pyrenees , will finish in Paris on July 27 , but in recent years Le Grand Depart has often taken place outside of France to widen the appeal of cycling 's most iconic race . Beating off bids from Florence and Edinburgh , Yorkshire -- which at 15,000 square kilometers and with a population of five million is the biggest county in England -- got the nod from race organizers in 2012 . Its biggest city Leeds will host the start of two days of racing in Yorkshire with the first stage finishing in Harrogate and the second going from the cathedral city of York to Sheffield . It will pass through the Yorkshire Dales , the Peak District and the Pennines , with stiff climbs that will provide an early test for the 198 riders from 22 teams teams of nine . The second leg Sunday will indeed see the peloton speed through the small town of Haworth where the Bronte 's -- Charlotte , Emily and Ann -- lived in the early 19th century . Their most famous works , Jane Eyre , Wuthering Heights and the Tenant of Wildfell Hall are literary classics set against the backdrop of the wild and windswept moors that surround their birthplace in the West Riding . Local organizers are banking that the worldwide appeal of the Tour will showcase the history and heritage of their region -- dubbed "  God 's own county " by locals -- and attract new tourism . If the huge crowds which greeted the last visit of Le Grand Boucle to Britain in 2007 are anything to go by , that is pretty much guaranteed . All over Yorkshire , Haworth included , towns and cities on the route are bedecked with welcoming signs and references to the unique magic of a race which started in 1903 with the aim of boosting the circulation of a French newspaper L'Auto and has grown to become the biggest spectator event in the sporting calendar . "  The race has excited the public and cycling community and is the biggest sporting event to take place anywhere in the UK in 2014 , " said Larry Hickmott , the editor of the website VeloUK.net and a veteran observer of the British cycling scene . Over a million people are expected to line the roads for the two stages in Yorkshire and the third from Cambridge to the British capital London , before the race heads to its traditional home in France for the remaining 18 stages . The pre-race buildup has been dominated by a row over the decision to leave Britain 's most famous cyclist , Bradley Wiggins , out of the Team Sky lineup . Wiggins made history when he won the 2012 edition of the Tour before going on to claim Olympic gold a week later at the London Games . With his trademark sideburns and ` Mod ' fashion sense , Wiggins assumed cult status and became a national hero , but his ongoing rivalry with fellow Team Sky member Chris Froome has since taken on the sort of brooding intrigue which would not have been out of place in a Bronte novel . Froome , who had been his right hand man in helping Wiggins win the 2012 Tour , still finishing a fine second , duly won last year 's race , with Wiggins absent after illness and crashes in an abortive attempt at claiming the preceding Giro d'Italia . Wiggins might have been expected to return to the Team Sky squad this year , particularly with the race starting in Britain , but instead has been left on the sidelines . His devoted fans believe Froome -- who has been quoted as calling his teammate "  mentally weak " -- played a part in his exclusion , but this is denied by the Kenyan-born British rider . "  Just to make it absolutely clear , I do not have a role in selection , " Froome told gathered reporters ahead of the start . Team Sky chief Dave Brailsford said the decision had "  kept him awake at night , but lauded the 29-year-old Froome as the "  the best stage race rider in the world . " Either way , while Froome and his eight teammates begin their quest to bring Team Sky a third straight yellow jersey , Wiggins will likely be training at the Manchester Velodrome ahead of riding the 4km individual and team pursuit at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow . "  The most popular opinion is that Wiggins should ride , both from public and avid cycling fans and even many of ` informed ' inside the sport , " said Hickmott , who has followed his career since he was a youngster . But to understand while Wiggins -- who may well have been capable of finishing on the podium -- has been left out it is necessary to examine the dynamics of a cycling team in its approach to races like the Tour de France . The entire Team Sky squad will act as "  domestiques " or helpers for Froome , sacrificing their own chances to help him claim the yellow jersey in Paris . At best , Wiggins would have been a "  super domestique " -- which is a rider who might be expected to step up to the plate if a mishap or illness befell the team leader Froome . Brailsford has given his role to Australian Richie Porte , hailing the Tasmanian as a "  Grand Tour winner of the future " but has courted further controversy by leaving out young British stars Peter Kennaugh and Ben Swift , who finished first and second at their national championship last weekend . With Swift omitted it will leave Team Sky without a recognized sprinter , the riders designated to contest the bunch finishes at the end of predominantly flat stages . Despite its recent dominance of cycling at the Tour de France and in the Olympics , Britain will only have four competitors in this year 's race , but in Froome and sprint king Mark Cavendish  Omega Pharma-Quick Step  it has two jewels in the crown . Cavendish , who has used his finishing speed to win 25 Tour de France stages , will be hoping his teammates can help him don the yellow jersey after the first stage which finishes in his mother 's home town of Harrogate . Last year 's green jersey winner Peter Sagan of Slovakia and Germans Andre Greipel and Marcel Kittel will be his main challengers in these finishes -- with all looking to win the coveted final stage on the Champs Elysees in the French capital . But the fastest men on two wheels are not contenders for the overall crown , usually losing time on the mountain stages and the individual time trials which decide that ultimate honor . Froome has proved his worth in both those disciplines , winning the 2013 Tour by over four minutes from Nairo Quintana of the Movistar team . Colombian Quintana won the Giro d'Italia earlier this year , but has decided against a tilt at the Tour , leaving two-time winner Alberto Contador as the likely main challenger to Froome . Contador courted controversy after a positive drugs test which annulled his 2010 Tour triumph and the Spaniard has struggled to repeat his earlier victories since serving his ban , but impressive performances in 2014 serve notice of his abilities . The 31-year-old always protested his innocence after failing a doping control for the banned stimulant Clenbuterol , but his presence as a podium contender will act as a constant reminder that cycling is still struggling to shrug off the doping controversies which have continually haunted the sport . On the eve of the tour came the revelation that Daryl Impey , the first South African to wear the yellow jersey last year , had tested positive back in February after his national championships for a banned substance Probenecid . He was withdrawn from the race by his Orica-Green EDGE team while Froome , who has known Impey since his time in school in South Africa , said that the news was a "  big shock to me . " Tour de France organizers will be hoping this year 's event passes off without a further doping story , preferring the positive images of massive crowds lining the route in both Britain and France to cheer on their heroes rather than the darker side of the sport .	101st Tour de France starts from English county of Yorkshire Saturday Yorkshire famous for home of Bronte sisters Kenyan-born Briton Chris Froome favorite to defend title Fellow Team Sky rider Bradley Wiggins left out of its team
CNN  -- Manchester United 's 24-match unbeaten run this season came crashing to a halt in an extraordinary , record-breaking schedule of English Premier League fixtures on Saturday . The leaders lost 2-1 at bottom club Wolverhampton on a day that saw title rivals Arsenal draw 4-4 with Newcastle , as an unprecedented 41 goals were scored in eight matches -- the previous record for one day was 36 . French striker Louis Saha netted four times in Everton 's 5-3 win over Blackpool while Wigan edged a seven-goal thriller against Blackburn . United ended the day four points clear of Arsenal , with Manchester City another point back on 49 after beating West Brom 3-0 thanks to a first-half Carlos Tevez hat-trick . Chelsea are 10 points adrift ahead of Sunday 's home clash with Liverpool , which should see new signing Fernando Torres face his former team . Fifth-placed Tottenham beat Bolton 2-1 in the day 's other lowest-scoring match , alongside Wolves-United , and even that game featured a missed retaken penalty and another awarded and then wiped out . Despite losing England defender Rio Ferdinand to a calf injury in the warm-up , United made the perfect start at Molineux as Nani fired home a left-foot shot in just the third minute . But Wolves leveled seven minutes later as fullback George Elokobi , who gave the Portugal winger far too much time and space in the penalty area , made amends with a header from Matt Jarvis ' cross . The Cameroon-born defender was also involved in the winner , credited to striker Kevin Doyle , after the duo lunged to meet a free-kick by Serbian playmaker Nenad Milijas five minutes before halftime . United 's much-vaunted forward line of Wayne Rooney and Dimitar Berbatov could not breach the Wolves defense , with the Bulgarian replaced by Javier Hernandez with a similar outcome despite five minutes of time being added on . The visitors could have ended the match with 10 men , but veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs was lucky to stay on after kicking out at Doyle . "  It 's disappointing , it 's been a long run for us , " United manager Alex Ferguson told reporters after his team 's first loss in 29 league games going back to last season . "  But we did n't get going really in the second half today . Wolves are a handful at set-pieces and they proved that again today . " Arsenal led 4-0 at 10th-placed Newcastle , but had to settle for a draw after French midfielder Abou Diaby was sent off soon after the halftime break . England forward Theo Walcott and Johan Djourou scored inside three minutes , then a double from Dutch striker Robin van Persie on 10 and 26 gave the London side an apparently insurmountable lead . But Joey Barton -- who was at the center of Diaby 's dismissal -- reduced the deficit in the 68th minute with a penalty and the midfielder added another on 83 for 4-3 after striker Leon Best bundled in Jose Enrique 's cross  75  . Ivory Coast midfielder Cheik Tiote then volleyed a spectacular equalizer with two minutes to play , and Arsenal held on with another five added on . Manchester City won for the first time in four matches as Tevez celebrated his 27th birthday with three goals in 19 minutes at home to West Brom , two of them from the penalty spot . The Argentina forward is now the league 's second-highest scorer on 18 , one behind Berbatov , and City have not lost in a game when he has netted . His first was a penalty in the 17th minute , having earlier hit the post , while David Silva set up his second before West Brom went further behind following handball by Jerome Thomas . The result left Roberto Di Matteo 's team just two points above the bottom three . Tottenham went ahead with Rafael van der Vaart 's sixth-minute penalty at home to Bolton , and should have doubled the lead soon after but the Dutchman was made to retake his second spotkick and promptly missed the target for what would have been his 13th goal this season . Referee Mark Clattenburg awarded Spurs another penalty before halftime before realizing that Peter Crouch had been flagged offside . Loan striker Daniel Sturridge leveled with his second goal in two matches 10 minutes after halftime , but Croatian substitute Niko Kranjcar snatched victory for Tottenham with an injury-time strike to leave Bolton in eighth place . Sixth-placed Sunderland trail Tottenham by seven points after a 3-2 defeat Stoke , where Germany defender Robert Huth scored two late goals to put his team ninth . Ghana striker Asamoah Gyan had given the visitors the lead with his ninth goal this season , but Huth netted from Jermaine Pennant free-kicks with seven minutes to play and then in time added on . Wigan joined West Brom on 26 points after holding on at home to 11th-placed Blackburn , with James McCarthy scoring twice . Ben Watson 's penalty made it 4-2 before David Dunn replied in kind with nine minutes left to set up a tense finish . Everton moved up to 13th place as Saha 's four-goal salvo condemned Blackpool to a seventh defeat in eight league matches . The 32-year-old former France international leveled the game at 3-3 with his hat-trick , then sealed victory after Jermaine Beckford 's spectacular volley . Fulham remained above Everton on goal difference after the London side continued to improve under Mark Hughes with a 2-2 draw at Aston Villa that left their opponents a point ahead of Blackpool in 14th . American Clint Dempsey earned the point with his 10th goal this season with 12 minutes to play , after on-loan defender Kyle Walker put Villa ahead from long range .	Manchester United lose 2-1 at bottom club Wolves as unbeaten run finally ends United four points clear at the top after Arsenal blow 4-0 lead at Newcastle English Premier League teams score a record 41 goals in one day , from eight matches Everton beat Blackpool 5-3 and Wigan win seven-goal thriller against Blackburn
CNN  -- When millions of Americans head to the polls on November 6 , only eight states will likely make or break the election . With the stakes that high , we took a look -- by the numbers -- at the swing states : CNN shifts North Carolina to ` lean Romney ' 8 : The number of swing , or battleground , states in play for the 2012 presidential election . They are : Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Nevada , New Hampshire , Ohio , Virginia and Wisconsin . Battlegrounds : ` It 's all about northern Virginia ' 95 : The number of Electoral College votes up for grabs in eight swing states . There are 538 votes available with a minimum of 270 needed to win the White House . 56.6 million : The population of the eight swing states , approximately 18 % of the total U.S. population . Down to the wire : Campaign enters stretch run 19 million : The population of Florida , the largest of the swing states . Florida has 29 Electoral College votes . 1.3 million : The population of New Hampshire , the smallest of the swing states . New Hampshire has four Electoral College votes . Tiny New Hampshire taking big role 34.3 million : The number of registered active voters in the eight swing states . 5 : The number of battleground states that had higher unemployment rates in September 2012 than in January 2009 . However , all are lower than their peak unemployment rates in 2010 . The Undecided : What will sway them ? 9.6 % : Nevada 's unemployment rate in January 2009 , when President Barack Obama took office . 11.8 % : The unemployment rate in Nevada in September 2012 , the highest of the swing states and the highest in the country . The unemployment rate peaked at 14 % in October 2010 . 5.2 % : The unemployment rate in Iowa in September 2012 , the lowest of the eight swing states . 8.6 % : Ohio 's unemployment rate in January 2009 when , Obama took office . It peaked at 10.6 % in January 2010 . Why Ohio is the ` big one ' 7.0 % : Ohio 's unemployment rate in September 2012 , down 3.6 points since January 2010 . 27.1 % : The percentage of Nevada residents that are Latino , the highest of the nine swing states . Latino vote may top 12 million in 2012 2.9 % : The percentage of New Hampshire residents that are Latino , the lowest of the battleground states . 7 % : Approximate percentage of Nevada residents that belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , the highest of the swing states . Billy Graham site removes Mormon ` cult ' reference after Romney meeting 0.4 % : Approximate percentage of Wisconsin residents that belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , the lowest of the nine swing states .	95 : The number of Electoral College votes up for grabs in eight swing states . 5 : The number of swing states that had higher unemployment rates in September 2012 than in January 2009 . 27.1 % : The percentage of Nevada residents who are Latino , the highest of the swing states 7 % : Approximate percentage of Mormon residents in Nevada , the highest of the swing states
Washington  CNN  Republicans are sensing that a world seemingly spinning out of control could give them an opening to reclaim their traditional strength on national security issues heading into the 2016 presidential election . Even before terrorists killed 12 people at a Paris magazine this week , Republicans were fine-tuning an assault on President Barack Obama 's foreign policy as timid and naive , and stumbling everywhere from the deserts of Syria to the Kremlin in Moscow . But one of the brothers who carried out the Paris strike spent several months in Yemen in 2011 , according to U.S. officials , receiving weapons training and working with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . That could undermine Obama 's proud claim of dismantling al Qaeda 's "  core " and put Democrats on the defensive -- especially Hillary Clinton , who carried out the President 's foreign policy as his first-term Secretary of State . "  There are big opportunities for Republicans to reclaim their traditional voter advantage on national security , " said Kori Schake , a former National Security Council , and State Department official in the George W. Bush White House . "  To most Americans , the world feels like a dangerous place right now . Six years into  the  Obama administration , it is difficult for President Obama to blame that on anybody but himself . " Until 2008 , Republicans enjoyed a perception among voters for several decades that they -- and not Democrats -- were best suited to lead America 's national security policy . But Obama reversed that conceit by arguing that former President George W. Bush squandered global goodwill after the September 11 attacks with a unilateralist foreign policy , the invasion of Iraq and "  tough talk " that alienated US allies . "  We are the party of Roosevelt . We are the party of Kennedy . So do n't tell me that Democrats wo n't defend this country . Do n't tell me that Democrats wo n't keep us safe , " Obama told Americans as he accepted his party 's 2008 nomination . Four years later , Obama turned a similar trick , brandishing his leadership in hunting down al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and ending the war in Iraq . The President painted Republican Mitt Romney as a vacillating hawk who wanted to return to endless war and taunted his opponent over his anti-Russia rhetoric by suggesting "  the 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back . " Foreign policy as an issue is rarely decisive in presidential elections -- at least once a candidate has managed to convince voters he or she is up to being commander-in-chief . But a chaotic global environment which defies U.S. efforts to exert control -- even if it is not all the fault of the sitting president -- is rarely good news for the party in control of the White House and key players in the Republican national security establishment believe that foreign policy could feature especially prominently in the coming election . Potential candidates like Sen. Marco Rubio and Rand Paul have been quick to spot the political potential of such an environment heading into the 2016 race -- and are already waging their own internal duel over the party 's national security message . Broadly , the establishment Republican critique of Obama is that far from his promise to reestablish American leadership , he has instead presided over an era of disengagement from the world . Republicans complain Obama is happier chatting to foreign dictators of longtime U.S. enemies such as Iran and Cuba than traditional American allies like Saudi Arabia , the Gulf states or even European powers . And they claim that Obama 's deliberate -- critics would say hesitant -- brand of global leadership on issues like Syria has deepened the global crisis and abdicated U.S. leadership . Of all the potential Republican candidates , Rubio has developed the most sweeping case against Obama 's foreign policy , as he has sought to frame himself as a statesman-in-waiting after four years in the Senate . He warned in a Daily Caller op-ed in November that Obama "  peeps timidly from behind an ever-thinning curtain of American strength , watching idly as new and resurgent forces challenge global order . "  Even as an increasingly hostile Russia threatens a new cold war , President Obama uses baby-steps and half-measures in defense of our allies , our principles , and our people , when he acts at all , " Rubio said , using the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall to paint himself as the heir to Ronald Reagan 's foreign policy legacy . Rubio 's fellow Floridian Jeb Bush has yet to lay out his foreign policy since moves to explore a possible presidential campaign , other than to slam Obama 's plan to reestablish diplomatic relations with Cuba . But he signaled in a Wall Street Journal forum late last year that he would associate himself with the traditional Republican orthodoxy on foreign policy . In general terms , that means more defense spending and robust US rhetoric backed up by action -- an approach likely shared by other possible Republican candidates including Texas Gov. Rick Perry and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Bush also believes that America 's role in the world will become an increasingly potent campaign issue . "  Six months ago , I would have said it might be a continuing of the focus on domestic issues because they are big and they are challenging , " he said at the forum . "  But there is a growing awareness that we ca n't withdraw from the world . There is an unraveling taking place . " He added : "  I do think that foreign policy and maybe a reevaluation of what the role is of the United States in the world will become is important . " Before they go after Obama however , Republicans have to get their own story straight on foreign policy as a debate plays out by traditional national security hawks and a more nuanced stance embodied by Paul . The Kentucky Senator , who comes from the libertarian tradition , has been keen to dispel perceptions that he is an isolationist as he considers how to build a coalition that could lead to the Republican nomination . But he still stands for a restrained use of US military force overseas . He explains that he backed the use of force against al Qaeda after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , but opposes a continued long-term U.S. engagement in Afghanistan . "  Yes , we need a hammer ready , but not every civil war is a nail , " he said in a major foreign policy speech in October . "  We need a foreign policy that recognized our limits , preserves our might and a common sense conservative realism of strength and action . " There is an irony to the coming Republican assault on Obama 's foreign policy , because it mimics the strategy the president himself used to pave the way to the White House . But it is n't a given that Republicans hopes of exploiting a national security meltdown abroad will pan out because the opening exchanges of a presidential campaign are often a poor guide to the themes and issues that will decide it . If , for instance , the current economic bounce back fizzles , the plight of the middle class could outweigh all other issues . "  It 's a heck of a long time , there is plenty of time for domestic issues to return and be number one , " said Peter Feaver , a former National Security Council official for George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , now with Duke University . "  But on the other hand it does seem likely that foreign policy will seem even more salient in 2016 than it was in 2012 . " And Obama can still claim to have crushed the leadership of al Qaeda in tribal regions of Pakistan and Afghanistan , and waged a largely covert drone war against extremists elsewhere . He sees his presidency as a historic mission to move America on from the post-Sept . 11 period of constant war and to chart a sustainable strategy to fight extremism . Any GOP candidate using foreign policy as a cudgel to attack against what will likely become known as the "  Obama-Clinton " foreign policy , must deal with one large elephant in the room -- George W. Bush . There is little public appetite for the era of intervention that characterized Bush 's presidency and Republicans face the task of winning back public trust . But Schake said any Republican running on a foreign policy platform would be able to acknowledge the faults of the last Republican presidency , while refocusing on the presidency of Obama . There are "  legitimate criticisms of Bush administration foreign policy , but  they  are hard to sustain after eight years of a Democratic presidency , " she said .	Republicans believe world turmoil undermines Obama But GOP yet to resolve its own argument on national security Bush , Rubio , slam Obama approach
CNN  -- Chinese actress Zhou Xun is a face recognized by millions , but so far , little known outside of China . The self-effacing 33-year old has recently graced the covers of China 's editions of Harper 's Bazaar and Elle magazines , but bringing her face to an audience away from China 's mainland remains elusive . Zhou is demur on the topic of international acclaim , preferring only to say that she hopes to become a better actress rather than rival Zhang Ziyi as the face of Chinese cinema abroad . Her latest film is "  Confucius " also starring Chow Yun Fat , but Zhou made her breakthrough on the big screen in 2000 appearing in "  Suzhou River , " and was soon hailed by the Chinese media as one of the country 's four best young actresses along with Zhao Wei , Xu Jinglei and Zhang Ziyi . Since then Zhou has taken on a number of alternative roles -- from a nerdy lab technician in "  All About Women " to an alcoholic spy in "  The Message " -- that have marked her out from her peers and attracted plaudits from critics and fans . She won best actress awards at the Paris Film Festival in 2000 and numerous awards in China for her role in 2005 film "  Perhaps Love " and more recently , "  The Equation of Love and Death . " Coming from a middle class family , she was a young girl at a dance academy when spotted by a film director and encouraged to become an actress . "  Being an actress in China , I 'm actually a very lucky actress ... Especially now that Chinese movies are becoming more diverse with more viewers overseas , " she told CNN . "  I think it 's the same to be an actress anywhere because the profession is about attitudes towards events -- it is a process to try to understand life . I think this is the case for actors across the world . "  It all comes down to how you try to be a good person , and act responsibly . " Acting responsibly , that is , except when the role demands it . Her clean-cut image was tarnished , on-screen at least , when she took a method approach to her part as a hard-drinking spook in "  The Message . " She admits to turning up on the set intoxicated in order to get into character . Even though she lends her face to a number of products and high-end brands , she 's honest enough to admit she has her flaws in real life as well . "  I think there are many faces to everyone . I also have my bad sides . Also I think everyone is trying to improve their shortcomings to become more wholesome . I have a lot of shortcomings , so it 's 50-50 , " she said .	Zhou Xun is one of the most famous actresses in China Contemporary of Zhang Ziyi known for taking on quirky roles Took a method approach to her role as a drunk spy in 2009 film , "  The Message "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Mega-rich Middle Eastern investors are the latest wave of businessmen being linked with some of the biggest clubs in English soccer . Sulaiman Al Fahim eyes Chelsea , while Liverpool 's fans also see a change of ownership looming . They follow an influx of ` foreign ' owners led by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich at Chelsea , and Americans at Manchester United and Liverpool . Sheikh Mansour , a member of the oil-rich Abu Dhabi royal family , has transformed the financial fortunes of Manchester City -- a team long in the shadow of its more successful neighbor United -- since buying the club last summer . He bought Brazilian Robinho for a record # 32.5 million  $ 45 million  at the start of the season , has spent millions more on players in the January 2009 transfer window and had a bid to sign Kaka , a former World Player of the Year , for a record-busting # 100 million  $ 138 million  fail . At the weekend British newspapers suggested that two of the Premier League 's "  Big Four " are attracting the attention of wealthy Gulf investors . Not for the first time , the Kuwaiti Al Kharafi family was linked with Liverpool FC , currently owned by Americans Tom Hicks and George Gillett . Meanwhile , Dr Sulaiman Al Fahim , an Emirates property mogul and TV personality , is fronting an audacious bid to buy a controlling interest in Chelsea from Abramovich . Jassim al Kharafi has shot down speculation that his family is interested in buying Liverpool . The Kharafis , who made much of their estimated $ 9.7 billion fortune in construction and fast-food interests , have been in talks with Liverpool before . They considered a bid last year after the ruler of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum , abandoned his efforts to buy the club . But that may not be the end of the story . Some analysts think potential suitors are biding their time , as Liverpool 's current American owners approach the deadline for refinancing their takeover of the club . That would mean renegotiating the terms of a whopping # 350 million  $ 550 million  loan by July . Most analysts think it highly unlikely in the current economic climate that the banks will want to refinance the loan . So if the Kharafi family denies interest in the club , that may be an act of brinkmanship to drive down the price as the July deadline looms . Dr Sulaiman Al Fahim , on the other hand , has already successfully overseen one takeover . He came to the public 's attentions after fronting the Abu Dhabi United Group 's bid for Manchester City , only to be removed when he made several audacious claims concerning City 's future transfer policy . Now he 's back , fronting a collection of investors who want to get their hands on Chelsea FC . "  It 's not entirely clear if Chelsea is for sale , but regardless of that , we first need to see if we are in a position to buy it , " Al Fahim told Arabian Business.com . "  Given that Roman Abramovich has invested over # 500 million  $ 694 million  into the club , it would not be cheap ... but through a number of investors , there is money available to put together a deal . " The moves highlight just how important money from the region has become . Manchester City has already smashed the British transfer record after signing Robinho and paid what many think are generous fees for other players during a slow transfer window . Middle Eastern investors have been offered the chance to buy anyone from Newcastle United , who are enduring a poor season in the Premiership , to Charlton Athletic , struggling in the second tier of English football . Companies based in the Gulf have been involved in huge sponsorship deals , like the Dubai-owned Emirates Airline who gave Arsenal # 100 million for naming rights for their stadium . Not everyone is happy however . UEFA president Michael Platini has criticized the influx of foreign owners into the Barclays Premier League , claiming that clubs are losing touch with their roots as a result . "  Do you want in Liverpool an Arab sheikh as president with one Brazilian coach and nine or eleven African players ? " Platini said at a news conference last October . "  Where is Liverpool in that ? We have to make some rules . " Is Platini right ? Have your say . With half a dozen Premier League clubs known to be up for sale , and Arab investors looking like the only ones willing to do the buying , Kharafi and Fahim wo n't be the last names the footballing world hears from the Middle East . What do you think ? Is Platini right to be wary of foreign owners ? Is the Premier League becoming too dependent on Middle Eastern money ? Or is the influx of money and big names a refreshing shot in the arm for European football ? Have your say .	Two new Arab investors look to buy Liverpool and Chelsea They 're the latest businessmen to look at buying a Premier League club The region has pumped millions of dollars into the game in recent years UEFA boss Platini is wary of foreign owners . What do you think ? Have your say
CNN  Selma , it seems , is everywhere . The Ava DuVernay film of that name continues to draw audiences and plaudits , while this month marks the 50th anniversary of three pivotal civil rights marches from the Alabama city -- the first two stopped by brute force , the third a triumphant procession to the state capital of Montgomery led by Martin Luther King Jr. , Ralph Bunche , Maurice Davis and other activists . Now , the events that seared those marches into the American consciousness are the subject of a photography show at the Steven Kasher Gallery in New York . "  Selma March 1965 " brings together -- for the first time , anywhere -- pictures by three essential witnesses of the civil rights era : James Barker , Spider Martin and the man Kasher calls "  the single greatest civil rights photographer " -- Charles Moore . The pictures in the gallery above include Moore 's work in Selma and from other parts of the South , including some of the riveting , award-winning photos he made in Birmingham , Alabama , in 1963 .  Two weeks after his Birmingham pictures appeared in a landmark issue of Life magazine , a letter to the editor succinctly captured the elemental power of Moore 's work . The Birmingham pictures , wrote a reader from Indiana , were "  superb and bone-chilling . " "  The quality , the depth , the sense of reality that he brings to the work is unparalleled , " Kasher said of Moore 's civil rights shots . Kasher 's own bona fides on the topic , meanwhile , are well-established : He 's mounted photography shows on the civil rights movement in 30 different public venues since the mid-1990s . "  It 's important to remember that Charles was a white Alabaman , " Kasher said . "  He was the photographer at the Montgomery Advertiser -- hardly a bastion of integration -- who became very sympathetic to the movement . I knew Charles pretty well , and he had many sides to him -- sides he was able to reconcile and that allowed him to shoot with a deep understanding of so many different points of view . He was not parachuting into these marches and protests in the South . He had roots there and was fully engaged . "  Of course , there are lots of really good pictures of the era by , say , Bruce Davidson , Bob Adelman and others , but they 're Northerners -- and I think that shows . There 's a sense in many of the photos made in the South by Northern photographers that what they were capturing was somehow exotic . For Charles , this was home . " At his very best , Moore invested his pictures with an unsettling intimacy . Whether he was chronicling the overt , graphic suppression of human rights or framing a profoundly human moment -- as in his unforgettable shot of bloodied poet Galway Kinnell in Selma -- Moore 's photographs often feel as if he was shooting with Robert Capa 's famous dictum ringing in his ears : "  If your photographs are n't good enough , you 're not close enough . " Moore was always , always close enough . John Loengard , who was a staff photographer at Life and later the founding picture editor for People magazine and for Life , the monthly , in the late '70s and '80s , calls Selma "  a not particularly dramatic event , photographically . " He does , however , have high praise for Moore 's Birmingham work , specifically , and his legacy in general . "  There 's no question that Charlie made some phenomenal pictures , " said Loengard -- who , incidentally , took one of the most memorable photos of the civil rights era : a Life cover of Medgar Evers ' weeping widow and son at the slain activist 's funeral in June 1963 . "  And he did a terrific job , for example , on a cover story on  Alabama Gov.  George Wallace in the first few months of People . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Whatever else Moore might have shot , and however routinely excellent his output over the course of his long career , there 's little doubt he 'll always be remembered and honored for his work during those fraught years of the early and mid-1960s . "  What 's especially significant to me about Charles ' civil rights work , " Kasher said , "  is his clear affinity with nonviolence at the same time that he 's depicting the irrationality and brutality of the segregationists . "  In his famous picture of a police dog attacking a black man in Birmingham in ' 63 , for example , the figure in the photo is a perfect symbol of nonviolence . You know , the man is standing there , taking it , not fighting back , amid this incredible rush of hatred and violence and as another dog is charging right at Moore 's -- at the viewer 's -- face . It 's a terribly complex image , swirling with information , but in the middle of it is this unmistakable emblem of the movement -- an emblem of the power and bravery of civil disobedience . " Charles Moore was an American photographer known for his images documenting the civil rights movement in the 1960s . Some of his photos are included in "  Selma March 1965 , " a photography show taking place at New York 's Steven Kasher Gallery from March 5 to April 18 .	The Steven Kasher Gallery will be showing powerful photos from the 1965 Selma marches Included are images from the late Charles Moore , whose civil rights work is legendary
CNN  -- Paula Creamer defied the odds to win her first major trophy at the 65th U.S. Women 's Open on Sunday after recovering from a career-threatening thumb injury . The 23-year-old American thought she would never play golf again after aggravating her injured left thumb while playing in the season-ending LPGA Championship in Houston last year . The win at Oakmont Country Club is even more impressive given that Creamer had surgery as recently as March and had to play through the pain in her thumb during the final day , when she played 23 holes due to earlier rain delays . "  You do n't have surgery on your thumb and win a championship , " she told reporters , quoted on the U.S.G.A. website . "  I do n't think the odds are very good after that . "  I had my surgery , and yes , there was a time before my surgery where I thought , ` Oh , my gosh , I may never play golf again ' or , you know , if the surgery goes wrong . "  But it was what I had to do , and here we are with a U.S. Open championship next to me . So it 's been pretty cool . " Creamer , who had previously won eight LPGA Tour titles , went into her fourth tournament since the surgery far from 100 percent fit . The Californian , who is limited to hitting mostly shots off a tee in practice , said her win shows how important the mental side is to the sport . "  I do n't even think I 'm 80 percent -LSB- fit -RSB- , " she said . "  Jeez , I 've said this whole time I think I 'm about 60 . "  It just shows , you know , how much the mental side of golf can really take over . You know , I believed I could do this . I believed I could do this when I had a cast on my hand . "  That 's what I just kept thinking about was Oakmont , Oakmont , Oakmont . " Creamer , nicknamed the "  Pink Panther " because of her fondness for wearing the color , beat joint second-placed Na Yeon Choi of South Korea  66  and Norway 's Suzanne Pettersen  69  by four strokes . She completed her rain-delayed third round of 70 before carding a closing 69 , at three-under for the tournament making her the only player to break par . She was in tears after watching her final putt sink in the hole to end years of questions from the media as to whether the former teenage amateur star would ever win a major tournament . Creamer became the first American to win the U.S. Open since Cristie Kerr in 2007 and the second after Meg Mallon 's 2004 triumph . "  It 's incredible , it really is , " Creamer said . "  It 's been amazing . "  I 've always thought of my career as I 've always been a pretty solid player , but yes , that question always lurked : How come you never won a major ? "  And now we have , and we never get to get asked that question again ! "	Paula Creamer battled through the pain to win the 65th U.S. Women 's Open The 23-year-old played a final round of 69 to win her first major trophy by four strokes The American went into her fourth tournament since having surgery only 60 percent fit Creamer follows 2007 champion Cristie Kerr as the second American to win in last six years
CNN  -- Mathieu Bastareaud returned from the international rugby wilderness to score two tries as France opened their Six Nations campaign with an 18-9 victory away to Scotland on Sunday . The center made his first start since being cast aside after fabricating a tale of being assaulted during France 's tour of New Zealand in June last year . The 21-year-old crossed for his first five-point scores at the highest level , having made his debut in the 2009 Six Nations before causing controversy when he claimed he had been attacked outside his hotel to explain facial injuries . He later admitted being drunk and falling over a table in his room , but speculation over the incident continued and French sports paper L'Equipe reported that he had psychiatric treatment following a suicide attempt . However , Bastareaud scored the first try of the game in Edinburgh in the 12th minute following a five-meter scrum , and powered over the line again out on the left seven minutes before halftime . Scrumhalf Morgan Parra converted to give France a 15-6 lead and then kicked his second penalty five minutes after the interval . Chris Paterson , playing his 99th international for Scotland , kicked his third penalty to reduce the deficit but the home side never looked like breaching the try line of last year 's third-placed team as France could afford to see Parra miss another attempt at goal . Scotland coach Andy Robinson was left to rue defensive lapses ahead of next weekend 's trip to Wales , who lost 30-17 to England on Saturday . "  We conceded two soft scores , and if we do that we 're not going to beat anybody , " the Englishman told reporters . "  It was hard against a good French scrum . The French were very canny in what they did . " France winger Vincent Clerc praised teammate Bastareaud , who was banned for three months after his admission of lying . "  It was a good performance after some problems in July . He had a great match with two tries and some great defense , " Clerc said .	Mathieu Bastareaud scores two tries on return from international rugby wilderness France defeat Scotland 18-9 in their opening Six Nations match in Edinburgh It was center Bastareaud 's first start since admitting he had lied about an assault in New Zealand The 21-year-old was banned three months after finally admitting he fell over while drunk
Hamid Dabashi is the author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted . " He is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York . His Web site is http://www.hamiddabashi.com/ Hamid Dabashi says protesters in Iran would be harmed by U.S. aid to "  promote democracy " in that nation . CNN  -- On a number of occasions and in perfectly pitched and calibrated statements , President Obama has expressed his unequivocal support for the civil rights movement in Iran without appearing to interfere in Iranian domestic affairs . This has been particularly admirable given the pressure that is coming his way from a U.S. Congress that -- up until the night before the Iranian presidential election -- was discussing even more severe economic sanctions on Iran , which would have hurt precisely the young men and women the legislators now seem too eager to support . Obama can help this budding seed of hope for civil liberties even more emphatically by altogether cutting the budget "  to promote democracy in Iran , " evidently channeled through the U.S. Agency for International Development . Ken Dilanian of USA Today reports , "  the Obama administration is moving forward with plans to fund groups that support Iranian dissidents . " This financial aid is not only a waste of taxpayer money under these severe economic circumstances , but is in fact the surest way to kill that inborn and grassroots movement . It mostly will be abused by expatriate and entirely discredited opposition groups ranging from the monarchist supporters of Reza Pahlavi to the members of the Mojahedin Khalq Organization , and it will in turn strengthen the hand of the regime to denounce the Green Movement as funded by Americans . The U.S. government should n't give a penny to these groups or any other outlet dedicated to promoting "  democracy in Iran " from the sunny coasts of California to the green suburbs of Washington . As the whole world is now a witness to it , the civil rights movement in Iran is a nonviolent demand to exercise people 's constitutional rights to participate in the democratic aspirations of their homeland , turned bloody only by the custodians of an Islamic republic who seem to be too conscious of their own illegitimacy . This movement has been decades , if not centuries , in the making . And it needs no American money to sustain itself . The only thing it needs is the moral voice of the American civil rights movement to come to its aid . Just one quote from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.  or more accurately from the prominent 19th century abolitionist Theodore Parker  about the arc of the moral universe being long , but ultimately bending toward justice , will go a long way toward supporting this movement . If I were the president , I would reallocate that budget and spend it on enriching inner city public schools , enabling them to develop courses on modern Iranian and Islamic history . I would convene a national convention with the first lady presiding in which public high school teachers would be brought together to think through curricular changes that would teach the next generation of Americans more about the world in which they have to live . From the same fund I would establish an annual prize for 100 best essays on a contemporary Islamic society written by a junior from a public high school . A prize could be applied to college tuition . I would call it the Rosa Parks-Neda Aqa Soltan Prize for Non-Violent Civil Rights Movement . Not just one but four swords of Damocles are now hanging over the Iranian civil rights movement . One of them , the severe crackdown by the custodians of the Islamic republic , has already dropped ruthlessly . Iranians are more than capable of dodging it and continuing with creative ways of civil disobedience and nonviolent strategies of pushing forward from their versions of the Montgomery , Alabama , bus boycott of 1955-1956 to their Civil Rights Act of 1968 . But the other three swords are held over this movement from outside Iran , in fact from the United States government . These are 1  the misappropriation of funds to promote democracy in Iran that will in fact abort it ; 2  the fear of even more severe economic sanctions that will do nothing to the ruling elite except exacerbate its belligerence while hurting the very brave men and women daring the brutality of their government ; and 3  the threat of military strike that , should it materialize , will have this hopeful uprising as its very first target while creating the condition of an open military coup in Iran , turning it to another Pakistan . The United States can only lead , if it must , by example , by practicing what it preaches . Our inner schools can not suffer from unfathomable poverty of educational tools while we allocate millions of dollars to useless , ineffective , discredited "  oppositional " forces . Whatever the fate of the Islamic republic , the noble cause of civil liberties will remain constant in Iran and will emerge as a model for the region . By wedding the freshly cut flower of Neda Aqa-Soltan 's young life in the fertile soil of Rosa Parks ' memory , Iranians and Americans will finally come together in their common dreams of basic human decency . And what better president to have a hand in that union than the man who is a beneficiary of the courage and imagination of Rosa Parks and a witness to Neda Aqa Soltan ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi : U.S. government planning millions to aid democracy in Iran He says the money could discredit and kill the Iran protest movement He says the money should be spent to improve schools in America Dabashi : Iranian protesters need inspiration from civil rights movement , not money
CNN  One of the most pernicious phrases in the debate over how to counter extremist use of social media is "  whack-a-mole . " In national security circles , many believe that suspending social media accounts used by violent extremists is a pointless endeavor . They argue that , as in the children 's arcade game "  Whac-a-Mole , " suspending accounts is a fruitless endeavor because , they claim , new accounts are created for every account that is suspended . To examine this assumption , technologist Jonathon Morgan and I collected data on millions of Twitter accounts , including tens of thousands used by ISIS supporters , and found substantial evidence to the contrary . In September 2014 , Twitter began to crack down on ISIS supporters who used its platform , suspending tens of thousands of accounts over the course of several months . While many users did create new accounts during the first month of the crackdown , the number of new accounts plunged after September , even though suspensions increased . Twitter has indicated that its suspensions fell at least at the high end of our estimated figure , possibly even higher still . The result is that suspensions are outpacing the number of new accounts successfully created , possibly by a wide margin . The size of ISIS 's support network on Twitter is shrinking as a result . Additionally , we found that the suspensions targeted some of the most active and effective users in the network , the professional activists who empowered ISIS to broadcast its propaganda to unsuspecting audiences by spamming hashtags such as #WorldCup and #CakeBoss . Not only has ISIS suffered a blow to its ability to spam others , its supporters on Twitter are so weakened that they are now hoist by their own petard . The hashtag that ISIS uses to promote its own messages has been taken over by opposing spammers , trolls and activists , who frequently tweet five times as much anti-ISIS content as ISIS can muster on any given day . ISIS content continues to be available online , of course . The number of suspensions is not sufficient to completely deny them the use of Twitter . But their audience is shrinking and their ability to game Twitter with manipulative tactics such as auto-tweeting "  bots " has been significantly diminished . An estimated 10 % of tweets sent by ISIS supporters are directed at rebuilding their social networks rather than disseminating propaganda , and that does n't account for the additional impact of time lost to the process of creating new accounts and waiting for followers to find them . These are worthy goals , and they detract from ISIS 's ability to accomplish its online strategy of intimidation , provocation and recruitment , which is discussed at more length in my new book with Jessica Stern , ISIS : The State of Terror . ISIS users call the suspensions "  devastating " and their fury provides evidence that suspensions hit them where it hurts . But that does n't mean suspensions are ineffective , any more than a cold day outside invalidates decades of temperature trends that show the impact of climate change . The view outside your window , especially if you are an analyst or journalist following a couple hundred terrorist accounts , will not always accurately reflect an online climate where tens of thousands of accounts are in play . While our study was only a preliminary look at this issue , it examined a body of data that dwarfs any existing study on the subject . While future research will help clarify the impact of suspensions over time , it is not likely to ever fully settle the complaints of the whack-a-mole crowd , who are as persistent as their favorite metaphor . Nevertheless , it 's time to move the serious debate away from the question of whether suspensions are effective and toward more complex issues with a better grounding in the available data . There are complications that arise from the suspension process . One of the most notable we observed in our study was the question of how people in the network behave under pressure . Our analysis suggested that the social network of ISIS supporters on Twitter is becoming more insular , with users following each other more and becoming less and less exposed to outside influences . While it is harder to enter the network in the first place and to stay there as an active user , it is possible that this echo-chamber effect might lead new users to radicalize more swiftly and more intensely . Tampering with an online social network , through suspensions or other means , is a form of social engineering , and we need to better understand what that means for users . We would be better served by research into such new questions than by continuing a tired debate about whether suspensions are effective at degrading the size and online distribution networks of extremist groups . It 's time to take this debate to the next level , and let the whack-a-mole mole stay whacked .	Many argue that suspending social media accounts used by violent extremists is a pointless endeavor Data shows size of ISIS 's support network on Twitter is shrinking as a result of crackdown
CNN  -- Lionel Messi needed just 25 minutes to dispel any doubts that he would break Gerd Muller 's longstanding world record of 85 goals in a calendar year on Sunday . Having made a quick recovery from the midweek injury that threatened to curtail his bid , the Barcelona soccer star drew level with the German after 16 minutes of the Spanish league match against Real Betis . A mere nine minutes later , the 25-year-old added another accolade to his collection as he put Barcelona 2-0 ahead to surpass Muller 's 1972 milestone with a possible three more matches to play in 2012 . Fifth-placed Betis hit back before halftime through Ruben Castro , but could not prevent unbeaten league leaders Barcelona from registering a 14th win from 15 matches to extend the club 's record start to the season . "  I 've said it a lot -- it 's nice to beat records but the win for the team is what is important and the points difference at the top , " Messi told reporters after Barca retained a six-point lead over second-placed Atletico Madrid . Messi 's next challenge is to become the first man to win the world player of the year award four times , as he heads the shortlist for January 's ceremony along with clubmate Andres Iniesta and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo . "  If Iniesta wins , it will be well-deserved for all that he has done , for the way he plays . Again , it will also be a prize for the dressing room , " Messi said of the Spain midfielder , who beat him to last season 's top European award . Click here to see a map of Messi 's first 84 goals of 2012 He is already Barcelona 's alltime leading scorer , having in March surpassed the 232 goal mark set by Cesar Rodriguez in the 1950s . Last season he scored a record 50 goals in La Liga , and he already has 23 this term . Of his 86 for 2012 , 74 have been for Barcelona and 12 for his country . The world has yet to see the best of Messi on the international stage , as he has yet to win a senior title with Argentina -- and that is the challenge he next faces if is to be known as a true great , according to British football journalist Henry Winter . "  Pele did it for Brazil and Maradona for Argentina . In the 2014 World Cup on Brazilian soil it 'll be wonderful to see Messi show the world what a special , special player he is , " Winter told CNN on Sunday . Messi vs. Muller : The goal kings "  They say top players hit their peak at 27 or 28 when they have the maturity and the game craft and still the athleticism of youth . I think we 'll see a player like Messi who 's very humble , very grounded , continuing to work and develop with the great Barcelona players he 's got around him , like Xavi and Iniesta . "  He 'll be the first to pay tribute to his teammates as well , because they are important . " Winter paid tribute to the humility of Messi , who became a father for the first time last month . "  He 's a fantastic role model , not just for his club but for football generally , " Winter said . "  He does n't cheat -- he gets whacked by some serious tackles , but he 's strong mentally physically -- even though he 's not the tallest or most imposing of individuals . "  He just keeps going because he 's got this great lust for goals , for scoring , for setting up his teammates . He 's the ultimate team player , an ambassador on and off the pitch . " Messi 's exploits came after it appeared he might be upstaged by Atletico Madrid 's freescoring Radamel Falcao , who became the first player in more than a decade to net five times in a La Liga match . The Colombia international took his league tally to 16 this season as second-placed Atletico kept the pressure on leaders Barca with a 6-0 thrashing of bottom team Deportivo La Coruna . Falcao joined Ronaldo on 13 goals with a first-half double , then completed his hat-trick with a penalty after being fouled . He added two more to seal Atletico 's eighth successive home win and guarantee that speculation about his future will intensify ahead of the January transfer window , with some of the world 's biggest clubs interested in signing the 26-year-old former Porto player .	Barcelona soccer star Lionel Messi breaks world record for goals in a calendar year Argentina forward scores twice in opening 25 minutes of match against Real Betis The 25-year-old matches then surpasses the 1972 milestone set by Gerd Muller Unbeaten Barcelona win 2-1 at fifth-placed Betis to extend record start to La Liga season
CNN  -- The voice is what you end up missing the most . If you 've ever had a friend who has meant the world to you , and the friend has died , you 'll find yourself half hoping to hear the voice even years after the friend has gone . I have a feeling that there are more than a few of you reading these words today who know exactly what I mean . So it can hit you like a small miracle when , against all odds , the voice of your friend returns . Jack Roth was my best friend from the time we were 5 years old . He died in 2004 at the age of 57 ; a man who was not a smoker , he nonetheless was cut down by lung cancer . For all those years , from the time we were boys , we never stopped talking to each other , about big things and small . There is not a week that goes by when I do n't want to talk with him again . On the cusp of every new summer for the last five years , Jack 's wife , his daughter and we who were his friends have held a charity race in his memory through the streets of the central Ohio town where we grew up : the streets he loved . We did it again this year , on a warm and gorgeous Sunday . But there was an additional kind of warmth this year because , in a pair of ways none of us could have predicted , Jack 's voice was there with us again . A fellow named Gary Bender discovered an audiotape . When we were all 12 years old , Gary , it seemed , was a member of the audio/visual club at our junior high school . He ran the public address system at assemblies . It turns out that he recorded reel-to-reel tapes during the presentations . Now living in California , he was going through some old boxes recently and found a tape on which boys and girls were being nominated for class offices . Jack had not been nominated . But he placed into nomination for president a boy named Gary Herwald . And now , almost six years after Jack 's death , here was Jack 's voice in a way I barely remembered it . Nervous , proud , high-pitched , the voice of a 12-year-old standing on a wooden stage : "  Mr. Stolzenberg , members of the faculty , and the student body ... As you know , I represent Gary Allen Herwald ... Gary has fine leadership abilities ... Gary is kind to all people he encounters , whether it is on the playground , classroom , or athletic field . ... " The last time I heard Jack 's voice , he was dying . The voice was so weak , struggling for air , filled with sadness that he was leaving his wife and daughter behind . So to hear the voice of Jack when life was new , for him and for all of us ... well , I listened to that tape over and over again . My oldest friend , rediscovered . And then I found another version of his voice . Unbeknownst to me , Jack , even in his final months , was writing letters of gratitude to those who had treated him thoughtfully . One of the people to whom he wrote was a man named Gary Zimmerman  I know -- a lot of Garys in this tale  , who lives in New York . I had never met Gary Zimmerman , but he sent me a copy of the letter Jack had written to him on October 16 , 2004 , barely two months before he died . It was pure Jack , full of care : "  Oh , Gary . That 's so kind of you . I just ca n't tell you what it means to my family and me to know of your feelings for us . Although my life continues to become more difficult and it 's harder to see a future that resembles anything like normalcy , I pray that someday we will once again find peace and good health . God bless you for your prayers . ... " Thus it was with those newly found voices in my ear -- the spoken voice of Jack at 12 , trying so hard to do a good job at the nominating assembly , the written voice of Jack at 57 , using some of his dwindling energy to send his thanks to a man who had been nice to his family and him -- that I arrived in Ohio for this year 's race in his honor . Gary Herwald -- that same Gary Herwald who , half a century ago , Jack had nominated for class president -- had come to town , too , to run in Jack 's race . He picked me up and we rode over to the starting line together . When Jack and I were young , there were five of us who were best friends . We called ourselves ABCDJ -- Allen , Bob , Chuck , Dan , Jack . In the town where we lived , there is a community plaza upon which residents and former residents are invited to purchase bricks with their names carved into the surface . Before Jack died , he purchased a brick . But he did n't have his name carved into it . Instead he had those five initials inscribed : ABCDJ . He told me he did it just so there was "  something to show that we were once here . " On race day , I walked to where the brick is . I think I can just about find it with my eyes closed . I looked down at it , and for a moment I did in fact close my eyes and heard again his voice when he was young , his voice when he was dying . If you are lucky , and I know that some of you are , you can do the same thing as you think about your own best friends who now are gone . In the ways that matter , their voices are always present ; they have a way of finding you just when you need them the most . Like friendship itself , the voices never die . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Often it 's the voice of a friend that you miss the most He recently heard an audiotape that brought back memories of a lifelong friend who died Greene : "  Like friendship itself , the voices never die "
CNN  -- Police have abandoned a ground search for a man who went missing five days ago over the Cascade Mountains in Washington . Kurt Ruppert of Lake City , Florida , disappeared Thursday after he jumped from out of a helicopter at 6,500 feet while wearing a special jumpsuit known as a "  wingsuit , " which allows a person to soar and glide before deploying a parachute . "  The only areas left to search are areas  authorities are  not able to search on the ground . They 're steep cliffs and ravines , and when the weather clears , we 'll hopefully get our helicopter back up there to look , " Sgt. Cindy West , a spokeswoman for the King County Sheriff 's Office , said Monday . It is unlikely Ruppert is still alive given the low temperatures on Mount Si where rescuers have focused their search , authorities said . "  Initially we thought he was probably flying 50 to 60 miles per hour , " West said , "  but after talking to his jump friends , we found more likely he was traveling 80 to 100 miles per hour , which ... in just a matter of a few seconds he 's going to be over a large area . And then the other issue is we do n't know exactly what direction he went . " In a written statement issued Sunday , West said : "  There are cliff areas that could not be searched due to the extreme risk to searchers . The Sheriff 's Office said they will search those areas by helicopter when weather permits . " CNN affiliate KOMO reported there was too much fog on Monday for air crews . Searchers covered 9 square miles looking for Ruppert , West said . Rescuers scour Washington 's Cascade Mountains for missing skydiver	Crews will continue to search from helicopters , sheriff 's office says Man disappeared over Washington state Thursday after leaping from helicopter It has been cold in the area , making it unlikely man lived even if he survived jump
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia man who spent a year in jail for nonpayment of child support -- despite the fact he has no children -- has been cleared of the debt , his attorney said Tuesday . Frank Hatley was ordered to make back payments even after he learned a teenager was n't his son . Frank Hatley , 50 , spent 13 months in jail for being a deadbeat dad before his release last month . A judge ordered him jailed in June 2008 for failing to support his "  son " -- a child who DNA tests proved was not fathered by Hatley . Last week , Cook County Superior Court Judge Dane Perkins signed an order stating , "  defendant is no longer responsible for paying any amount of child support . " The order permits the state 's Office of Child Support Services to close its file on Hatley . "  We 're satisfied with the result for Mr. Hatley , but still troubled by the state 's monumental lapse of judgment in this case , " attorney Sarah Geraghty with the Atlanta-based Southern Center for Human Rights told CNN in a written statement . Hatley did not immediately return a call from CNN Tuesday . His story dates back to 1986 , when Hatley had a relationship with Essie Lee Morrison , who gave birth to a son . According to court documents , Morrison told Hatley the child was his , but the two ended their relationship shortly after the child was born . The couple never married and never lived together , the documents said . When the child turned 2 , Morrison applied for public support for the child . Under Georgia law , the state , can recoup the cost of the assistance from a child 's non-custodial parent . For 13 years , Hatley made payments to the state until learning in 2000 that the boy might not be his . A DNA test that year confirmed the child was not fathered by Hatley , court documents said . He returned to court and was relieved of any future child support payments , but was ordered to pay more than $ 16,000 he owed the state before the ruling . Since 2000 , Hatley paid that debt down to about $ 10,000 , Geraghty said . Court documents showed he was jailed for six months in 2006 for falling behind on payments during a period of unemployment , but afterward he resumed making payments , continuing to do so even after he lost another job and became homeless in 2008 . But last year he became unable to make the payments and was jailed . The argument for keeping Hatley liable for the back payments , according to the attorney who represented him in 2000 , was that he signed a consent agreement with the Office of Child Support Services . The court agreed that Hatley had to comply with the consent agreement for the period he believed the child was his son , said attorney Latesha Bradley . But many , including Cook County Sheriff Johnny Daughtrey , did n't think Hatley 's incarceration was fair , given that the child was not his . "  I knew the gentleman 's plight and did n't know how to help him , " Daughtrey told CNN last month . When the Southern Center for Human Rights visited the jail earlier this year , Daughtrey told them about Hatley 's case . Hatley was released from jail last month after Perkins ruled he was indigent and should not be jailed for failing to make the payments . The Georgia Department of Human Services , which includes the Office of Child Support Services , plans to propose legislation in the next session of the state Legislature that would prevent similar situations in the future , said agency spokeswoman Dena Smith . Two things still remain to be cleared up for Hatley , Geraghty said -- lifting the child-support holds on his driver 's license and his income tax . It remains unclear whether he will be reimbursed for the $ 6,000 in payments he made since 2000 , she said -- so far , he has not been . Cook County , Georgia , is in the south-central part of the state , about 200 miles south of Atlanta .	Frank Hatley was jailed last year for falling behind on child support payments Hatley had paid for 13 years until he learned boy might not have been his DNA test proved child was n't Hatley 's , but court still ordered back payment The south Georgia man is cleared from his debt , his attorney announces
CNN  -- A suicide car bomber killed four people and injured 27 others in a neighborhood in southern Beirut on Tuesday , Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency reported . Black plumes of smoke rose from Haret Hreik , which is known as a Hezbollah stronghold . Ambulances rushed to the scene , NNA reported . The neighborhood is part of Hezbollah 's high-security area known as "  security square , " and many of the Shiite Islamist group 's leaders live there . Troops have formed a security perimeter around the area and deployed investigators to the blast site , the Lebanese army said in a prepared statement . The vehicle used in the attack was stolen , the army said . Cryptic claim A cryptic message claiming responsibility for the attack appeared on Twitter from a user with the name "  al-Nusra Front in Lebanon . " It claimed to be affiliated with the Syrian al Qaeda affiliate with the same name . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the Twitter user or the claim . Al Nusra Front in Syria has not commented on the attack . The message did not contain details that are typical of claims of responsibility by well-established terrorist groups . Previous bombing In early January , four people died in Haret Hreik , and 77 more were injured , when a car bomb exploded , NNA reported . The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , a Sunni Islamist militant group , claimed responsibility for that attack , calling it the "  first small payment " in a bigger push against the Lebanon-based Shiite militia Hezbollah . ISIS , which is an affiliate of the al Qaeda terrorist organization , is one of the rebel groups fighting to overthrow autocratic Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Hezbollah -- also considered a terrorist organization by the United States -- is fighting beside al-Assad 's troops , who are trying to quash the rebellion in Syria .	27 people also injured when a suicide bomber detonated a car bomb The Haret Hreik neighborhood is part of Hezbollah 's "  security square " The United States considers Hezbollah a terrorist organization Sunni Islamist terrorists claimed responsibility for a similar attack weeks ago
CNN  -- Goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has been dropped from Stuttgart 's first-team after he paid an unauthorized visit to the Oktoberfest just hours after his side 's defeat to Cologne . Goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has been dropped from Stuttgart 's first-team after he paid an unauthorized visit to the Oktoberfest . The 39-year-old former Germany international was spotted at Munich 's beer festival following Stuttgart 's 2-0 home defeat to Cologne in the Bundesliga and did not have permission to attend . Lehmann made an error to gift Cologne their second goal of the match when he raced out of his area only to lose possession and allow Wilfried Sanou to shoot into an empty net from 45 yards out . Marcus Babbel confirmed the decision to axe him from the side and told the Stuttgart Web site : "  Director of sport Horst Heldt and I will talk with Jens about this on Thursday and then we will see where to go . " Lehmann apologized for breaking club rules , accepted the suspension and claimed his motives were in a good cause . "  The visit to the Wiesn  Oktoberfest  was part of a charity event and it had been planned for a long time , " he explained . "  However , it was not agreed with the club . Of course I accept the measures taken by the sporting management . " Meanwhile Hamburg midfielder Ze Roberto has urged his teammates to set their sights on winning the Bundesliga title this season . The Brazilian , who won the league with Bayern Munich , has played a key role in the unbeaten start to the season which has left Bruno Labbadia 's side at the top of the table . He said : "  Hamburg must think big for the future . A team like Bayern Munich want to win the Bundesliga title every season . That should be our target as well . "  I want to win the league title this year already . I feel like we have a good chance to win the Bundesliga if we continue like this . "	Stuttgart goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has been axed from the club 's first team The 39-year-old made an unauthorized visit to the Munich beer festival Only hours earlier Lehmann had played in Stuttgart 's 2-0 defeat to Cologne Hamburg midfielder Ze Roberto has targeted a Bundesliga title challenge
Pumwani , Kenya  CNN  -- Asha Mohamed sits in her cramped room in Pumwani slum clutching a tiny photo of her son , Harun . He 's dressed in a blue-striped tie framed by a crisp white T-shirt -- a typical 15-year-old Kenyan high school student . But in September he vanished . "  Harun woke up very early and asked his sister "  what time is it ? " says Asha . He kept on asking her again and again . Then , at four in the morning , he left the house . " In her heart , Asha knew where he had gone , but the text messages later confirmed it . Harun left his school and home in Kenya to fight for al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab . "  It started when he was 14 . He came to me many times and said "  mom , I am going to Somalia to fight Jihad . " I thought he was just playing . " For years , Al Shabaab has targeted Somalis abroad to fight in their campaign to overthrown the weak transitional government . Now Kenyans , with no ethnic link to Somalia , are joining the Jihad . According to a recent U.N. report , there are "  extensive Kenyan networks linked to Al-Shabaab , which not only recruit and raise funds for the organization , but also conduct orientation and training events . " Many of those events centered on Pumwani , a largely Muslim slum in Nairobi . Here , residents and religious leaders speak of a charismatic young Kenyan Sheikh that arrived from Mombasa . They say he bravely stood up to corruption , promoted the Quran , and generously handed out scholarships to young men . And he stoked their passion for Al Shabaab . The man is Sheikh Ahmad Iman Ali -- now the leader of Al Shabaab 's Kenya cell . He is remembered fondly at the Maratib Islamic Center in Pumwani . "  He was fearless and , at the same time , kind , " says Abdullah Kilume , the administrator of the center . "  The majority think he was a good man , he did a lot of good , they saw what he did . " Sheikh Iman would conduct lengthy sermons at the center 's mosque , says the U.N. report . The sermons were called ` Jihad Training sessions ' and many of them are posted on the internet . According to the U.N 's investigations , training sessions included classroom based lectures about ` Islamic Struggles ' in Afghanistan , Iraq and Yemen . Many of the children wore "  Jihad is our Religion " T-shirts . Kilume remembers Sheikh Iman 's teachings well . He said that he appealed to the Kenyan youth of Pumwani . "  It reached the youth . I personally know that some of them wanted to go to Somalia . " But while parents in this area supported the Sheikh 's war on graft and welcomed his financial help in this grindingly poor place , they felt differently when their children started to vanish . "  I went to that mosque and caused havoc , but they did n't care , " says Asha . "  Somalia , that is not his war , I do n't even know why they are fighting , so why should he leave here and go fight in something he does n't even understand . " But increasingly , it seems , these Kenyan youth do see it as their fight too . Six of Harun 's school friends who attended the center also vanished , she says . Local authorities would n't comment specifically on the case , but they acknowledged that a problem exists . The youth , who fled face the prospect of fighting Kenyan soldiers , many of them Muslim , who are engaged in an incursion deep into Somalia to stamp out Al Shabaab . Kilumi , the Muslim Center administrator , says he can accept it if these Kenyan recruits to Al Shaabab end up killing Kenyan soldiers . "  Like every other Muslim , I would like the Sharia law to be implemented and that is what they want to do in that part of Somalia , " he says . "  Muslims first , Kenyans second . " Sheikh Iman 's recruiting and fundraising drive has apparently been so successful that he has been rapidly promoted through the ranks of Al Shabaab . In 2009 he moved his base to Somalia , where it 's believed that he commands a force of between 300 and 500 Kenyan fighters . In January a video of the sheikh was posted on jihadi websites . It 's not known when the video was recorded . It shows him seated cross-legged in battle fatigues . Sheikh Iman called again for Kenya 's youth to cross over the border to fight . And if they couldn  t , he gave them a simple message . "  Raise your sword against the enemy that is closest to you . Jihad should now be waged inside Kenya . "	Mom tells how her teen son living in a Kenyan slum was one of at least six persuaded to join al-Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab One mom said : "  Why should he leave here and go fight in something he does n't even understand " Kenyan Muslims say a charismatic iman taught the poverty-stricken kids about ` Islamic Struggles ' But the iman is remembered fondly by others at the Kenyan Muslim center where he groomed children for jihad
EW.com  -- Heaven knows , Morrissey is miserable now . A&E 's breakout pro-hunting hit "  Duck Dynasty " returned Wednesday night to record ratings . The season three premiere delivered 8.6 million viewers . That 's huge . It 's not only the most-watched "  Duck Dynasty " episode ever , it 's A&E 's most-watched telecast ever and ranks as cable 's biggest reality show telecast so far this year . The 10 p.m. episode  the first of two back-to-back airings  was up 132 percent vs. the second season premiere . Plus , a full 5 million of the viewers were in the adults 18-49 demo . The return of "  Duck Dynasty " benefited from an unexpected gift-from-the-PR-gods when British singer and animal rights activist Morrissey cancelled his planned Feb. 26 performance on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " at the last minute in protest of the "  Duck Dynasty " stars appearing the same episode . Morrissey called the show 's stars -- who own a family business that makes products for hunters -- "  animal serial killers . " Kimmel later hit back during his show 's Tuesday monologue : "  While I respect his stance on this , I really do , there 's a very good reason why I did n't dump the ` Duck Dynasty ' guys for Morrissey . And that 's because they have guns . " Kimmel also added of the famously downbeat singer , "  He keeps finding new ways to depress us . " The host aired a parody video for "  a new "  Duck Dynasty " product for vegans . " Joan Rivers called out on Heidi Klum joke The pop singer then countered that Kimmel "  found time to jokingly promote gun-ownership -- hugely amusing for the parents at Sandy Hook , no doubt . He also promoted his special guests "  Duck Dynasty " -- who kill beings for fun . None of the above issues are , of course , as important as Jimmy Kimmel himself , who has finally revealed his show to have an overwhelming loss of meaning . Tune in and relive the intellectual fog of the 1950s . " Kimmel followed that up by tweeting yestrerday , "  Note to Morrissey -- if you have more dumb statements to make , I invite you to make them where I do , on my show . " He included in the tweet a link to the cover art for Morrissey 's 2004 album You Are the Quarry , which featured the singer wielding a machine gun . The Christian-friendly A&E docu-series has been on a ratings tear since catching fire last year . One surprising survey found that "  Duck Dynasty " received more mentions on Facebook in 2012 than any other TV series , including social-network-friendly hits like HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " and CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory . " See the original article at EW.com . Ray Rahman contributed to this report . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " returned Wednesday night to record ratings The season three premiere delivered 8.6 million viewers it 's A&E 's most-watched telecast ever and cable 's biggest reality show telecast so far this year
CNN  -- A terrifying road rage incident involving a gang of bikers on Manhattan 's west side has gone viral on the web after video of the incident surfaced online . The New York City Police Department said a man driving a Range Rover with his wife and 2-year-old daughter inside Sunday struck a motorcyclist on Manhattan 's West Side Highway , breaking his leg . "  It was an accident , " says Lt. Karen Anderson . The SUV driver pulled over , and the bikers surrounded his vehicle , hitting it and spiking the tires , police said . The driver pulled away , hitting three more bikers in the process , police said . The gang , called "  Hollywood Stuntz , " according to police , chased the man , and he was forced to stop because of flat tires . The SUV driver was cornered and beaten , according to police . He was later treated at a local hospital for slashes to his face and released . His wife and child were not injured . One biker who was struck by the SUV , 28-year-old Christopher Cruz , was arrested and faces several charges , including reckless endangerment , reckless driving and endangering the welfare of a child , police said . Authorities have not identified the people in the SUV . A helmet camera one of the bikers was wearing captured much of the road rage incident , including the moment when one of the bikers walks up to the SUV and smashes its window with a bike helmet . The video has been posted online . Police say this same group of bikers descended on New York City and clogged up Times Square last year in what Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said is a "  major stunt event . " Authorities say they were able to prevent the group from entering Times Square this year . Police arrested 15 bikers in total Sunday , seized 55 bikes and wrote 68 summons for various violations . They are looking at video footage to try to determine if any other charges will be filed in the road rage incident . "  The investigation is ongoing , " Kelly said .	Range Rover driver accidentally hits biker , NYPD says Other bikers chase him , slash the vehicle 's tires , forcing him to stop , police say The bikers beat him , and he is treated at a hospital ; his wife , child are unhurt Video of the incident captured by a helmet camera goes viral on the Internet
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Touting himself as America 's "  first Pacific president , " Barack Obama called on his own connections with Asia Saturday as he pledged a renewed engagement with Asia Pacific nations based on "  an enduring and revitalized alliance between the United States and Japan . " The U.S. president , in his first Asia trip since taking office in January , told a packed house at Tokyo 's Suntory Hall that all Americans should know that what happens in Asia "  has a direct effect on our lives at home . " "  This is where we engage in much of our commerce and buy many of our goods , " he said . "  And this is where we can export more of our own products and create jobs back home in the process . "  This is a place where the risk of a nuclear arms race threatens the security of the wider world , and where extremists who defile a great religion plan attacks on both our continents . And there can be no solution to our energy security and our climate challenge without the rising powers and developing nations of the Asia Pacific . " Obama met with new Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama Friday after his arrival in Tokyo as well as with the Japanese emperor and empress . Obama touched on nearly every part of the Asia Pacific region during his speech , and talked about a boyhood visit to Japan with his mother , his birth in Hawaii , a childhood spent partly in Indonesia and the United States ' position as a Pacific nation . "  There must be no doubt : as America 's first Pacific president , I promise you that this Pacific nation will strengthen and sustain our leadership in this vitally important part of the world , " he said . He stressed that the United States was not interested in containing the emerging economic growth in China . "  The rise of a strong , prosperous China can be a source of strength for the community of nations , " he said . "  And so , in Beijing and beyond , we will work to deepen our strategic and economic dialogue . " Obama also called on Myanmar to make more definitive moves toward democracy , including releasing all political prisoners ; urged North Korea to return to the Six-Party Talks so that the reclusive nation could be reintegrated into the world stage and pledged America 's support for eliminating nuclear weapons and efforts to reduce the global effects of climate change . His trip is to include stops in Singapore , China and South Korea , during which Obama will hold formal talks with Asian leaders as a group and individually . The president plans to meet with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , Russia President Dmitry Medvedev and Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , and will take part in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit . APEC 's 21 member nations represent more than half of the world 's economic output . The forum sees its goal as "  facilitating economic growth , cooperation , trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region . " During a busy day in Singapore , Obama also will become the first U.S. president to take part in a summit of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  economic alliance . In China , Obama will continue efforts to define and strengthen the United States ' relationship with the world 's largest emerging economy , which has a growing influence in Asia , said Jeffrey Bader , the National Security Council 's senior director for East Asian affairs . "  We see it as a relationship where we 're obviously going to have differences , where we are going to be competitors in certain respects , " he said . "  But we want to maximize areas where we can work together , because the global challenges will simply not be met if we do n't . " Bader cited North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , the economy , climate change , human rights and Afghanistan as among the top issues for the China swing . On human rights , Bader said Obama is likely to address "  freedom of expression , access to information , freedom of religion , rule of law and , certainly , Tibet . " Obama will make clear to Hu that he intends to meet with the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , Bader said . China , which rejects Tibetan aspirations for autonomy , opposes such high-level contacts with the Dalai Lama . On North Korea , the State Department announced Tuesday that U.S. officials will travel to the country by year 's end to seek a resumption of broader talks on ending the Pyongyang government 's nuclear program . The Obama administration has claimed initial progress in its strategy of forging an international effort , including China and South Korea , to pressure North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions . Japan has been asking for a comprehensive solution to North Korea 's missile tests and the abduction of Japanese citizens in the 1970s . Saturday morning , Obama made clear that both were necessary . "  The path for North Korea to realize this future is clear : a return to the Six-Party Talks ; upholding previous commitments , including a return to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ; and the full and verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula , " he said . "  And full normalization with its neighbors can only come if Japanese families receive a full accounting of those who have been abducted . These are all steps that can be taken by the North Korean government , if they are interested in improving the lives of their people and joining the community of nations . " It wo n't be all diplomatic meetings , though . Obama 's first trip to China will include a town hall-style meeting in Shanghai and sightseeing in Beijing , including a stop at the Great Wall .	In speech , Obama renews U.S. ties with Japan , reaches out to China Obama : Rise "  of a strong , prosperous China can be a source of strength " U.S. president urges North Korea to return to Six-Party denuclearization talks Obama 's Asia tour includes Japan , Singapore , China and South Korea
CNN  -- Walter White might not have faded to black . Despite collapsing at the end of the "  Breaking Bad " finale , everyone 's favorite meth kingpin could still be alive -- or so star Bryan Cranston teasingly implied to CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield on Thursday . "  Hey , you never saw -LSB- body -RSB- bags zip up or anything , " he quipped . But it gets us thinking : If comic books  and comic-book movies  teach us anything , it 's that when some characters appear to die -- we 're looking at you , Superman , Captain America , S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Phil Coulson -- appearances can be deceiving . We never saw body bags at the end of "  The Sopranos , " either ; did Tony get a non-fatal heart attack from too much cannoli ? Or stress ? Tony had stress . What about the others ? Jack Shephard on the finale of "  Lost " ... Maddie on the finale of "  Burn Notice " ... Xena on the finale of "  Xena : Warrior Princess " ... we never saw literal or metaphoric body bags there , either . What if -- grievously but not mortally wounded , captured but not killed , sent to the land of the spirits with a round-trip ticket -- they survived ? Could there be spinoffs ? Movie sequels ? Hey -- death be not proud , and neither am I. Let 's examine some possibilities ... "  Lost " How you think it ended : On a mysterious , supernatural island , a wounded Jack Shephard  Matthew Fox  lies down on a forest floor and closes his eyes . What really happened next : The island had been purgatory all along , and his soul now ascends to Heaven . But all is not right in God 's kingdom . A mysterious plague has been killing the archangels , while leaving the seraphim and others untouched -- and only Dr. Jack Shephard has the knowledge and skills to isolate the virus , find the culprit and answer the burning question : Where do angels go when they die ? "  The Sopranos " How you think it ended : The mob war over , the Soprano family is together at Holsten 's diner when suddenly everything goes black . What really happened next : After awakening from his angina-attack blackout , Tony  James Gandolfini  vows to leave the business and get healthy . He slims down , grows a scruffy beard and opens a quiet little bar in Astoria , Queens , while wife Carmela  Edie Falco  becomes an ER nurse and develops a drug problem . "  Burn Notice " How you think it ended : Maddie  Sharon Gless  tells her secret-agent son Michael that she needs to blow up her house to take out some gunmen and give her grandson Charlie and his protector Jesse a chance to escape . Unfortunately , she has no remote detonator . What really happened next : Maddie realizes she 'd actually been listening to Michael 's voiceover narration about spy-craft and absorbing it . Using two cell phones , she whips up a remote detonator , blows up the house from a safe distance and escapes with Charlie and Jesse -- who discovers he has a thing for older women . They form a very modern family and buy a house near Michael , who finally marries Fiona , and surrogate grandpa Sam  Bruce Campbell  . Wacky complications ensue . "  Xena : Warrior Princess " How you think it ended : Xena  Lucy Lawless  sacrifices herself in battle in order to free the souls of 40,000 people . Xena 's spirit appears and reassures sidekick Gabrielle  Renee O'Connor  she 's at peace . What really happened next : "  Xena 's spirit appears " ... and she 'll appear again ! The partnership continues ! New series : "  Xena : Ghost Warrior " ! "  Breaking Bad " How you think it ended : Wounded , cancer-riddled , former drug kingpin Walter White collapses in a meth lab as police storm in . What really happened next : He was just passed out , and after struggling with cancer in prison volunteers for experimental drug therapy in exchange for clemency . The treatment works , but he ca n't return to his family and he 's broke . Solution ? Write a best-selling memoir ! Called "  Bad Breaks , " it makes a fortune and gets optioned for a TV series . Given casting approval , he confounds the industry by choosing the goofy dad from "  Malcolm in the Middle " to play him . We could go on . We bet you could , too . Few series wrap things up perfectly  "  Newhart " the rare and brilliant exception  . Are there other series finales where we could resurrect the dead ? Let us know in the comments field .	Bryan Cranston dropped teaser to CNN 's Banfield : Walter White really dead ? Frank Lovece : There were other finales where doomed characters were not what they seemed He speculates on what real outcome was for "  The Sopranos , " "  Breaking Bad , " "  Xena " ...
Mishazi , China  CNN  -- The 38-year-old man stands on the road outside the burned out poultry processing plant , yelling at passing vehicles and demanding answers . He blocks the path of a local official 's car and shouts , "  My wife 's just gone like that -- what kind of country is this ? " Wang Shoufeng is very angry , and he 's not alone . He says he last saw his wife before she went to work at 4 a.m. Monday to start her 14-hour shift at the poultry factory in this town in the northeastern Chinese province of Jilin . About two hours later , according to authorities , a fire broke out in the plant 's slaughterhouse and spread through the building . The lights went off , witnesses say , and smoke quickly filled the rooms and passageways . Workers rushed to escape the rising flames , stumbling into one another and slipping over in the confusion . Their panic deepened when they found many of the exits were locked or blocked . It took firefighters several hours to quell the raging flames , according to state media . At the latest count , authorities said that at least 119 people had died in the blaze and 70 others were injured , making it one of China 's deadliest workplace accidents in recent years . It has focused renewed attention on lax safety standards in Chinese industries . An unknown number of people remain trapped inside the slaughterhouse , with rescuers still struggling to get into the building because of its "  complicated interior structure and its narrow exits . " Grief and anger On Tuesday , Wang and family members of other missing workers gathered at the road outside the plant . They displayed a mixture of grief , anxiety , rage and the need to know what had happened . But authorities kept them back from the chicken factory 's charred remains and tried to stop some of them from talking to journalists . Despite the risks , Wang described the tough conditions at the plant where his wife earned 2,000 yuan  about $ 325  a month . "  They work 14 , 15 hours a day with very short bathroom breaks , " he said . "  They work year round with no time off . " He and others complained that local authorities were putting more energy and resources into stopping grieving and anxious families from protesting and seeking answers than into finding their missing loved ones . Initial investigations suggest the fire may have been started by an explosion resulting from a buildup of ammonia gas , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . Witnesses have described hearing a loud bang and seeing the building fill with smoke . It remains unclear why exits were blocked . Some accounts have suggested that when the electricity went off during the fire , that locked some of the doors . Safety concerns The reports of workers ' difficulties exiting the building have revived concerns about work safety in Jilin and elsewhere in China . Xinhua said the fire was the latest in a series of workplace accidents in China in the past month . It cited a blast at an explosives factory in Shandong province on May 20 that killed 33 people and an explosion at a coal mine in Sichuan province that killed 28 workers on May 11 . "  Past investigations have shown that poor safety awareness and inadequate supervision caused many of the accidents , despite a repeated emphasis on work safety from the central government , " the official news agency said in a commentary article . "  The accidents are also the result of companies ' desire to pursue profit at the cost of safety , as well as the laziness of officials who fail to fulfill their responsibilities , " the commentary said . Local officials and the Jilin Baoyuanfeng Poultry Company , which ran the plant , are under pressure . Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top leaders are calling on authorities to find the cause of the fire and hold those responsible accountable . "  Those who are suspected of being responsible for the accident have been taken into police custody for further inquiry , " Xinhua reported without providing further details . "  Rescue work is still underway , " Zhao Xian , deputy director of the local emergency office , told Xinhua on Monday . "  The rescuers are trying their utmost to search for any survivors in the fire . We 'll do our best to treat the wounded , identify the victims and investigate the cause of the incident . " Such words were little consolation for the anguished , angry relatives . What they wanted were answers . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Steven Jiang reported from Mishazi , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : "  What kind of country is this ? " shouts one man whose wife is missing NEW : Authorities try to prevent some victims ' relatives from talking to journalists Officials do not know how many people are still trapped in the plant The blaze has revived concerns about work safety in China
CNN  Icelandic photographer Sigga Ella wanted to show that people with Down syndrome are more than a chromosomal abnormality . They are diverse and they 're unique , just like everyone else in the world . Ella 's series , "  First and foremost I am , " consists of 21 portraits of people ranging from 9 months to 60 years old . She chose the number 21 to represent chromosome 21 , the location of the most common genetic mutation causing the condition . It is currently on exhibit at the Reykjavk Museum of Photography and will be featured in May at the Warsaw Festival of Art Photography . Ella shot the photos in 2013 and 2014 as part of a final project at The School of Photography in Reykjavik . She recently shared the images with CNN iReport . The inspiration started with a radio interview Ella heard in which people were discussing ethical questions brought up by prenatal tests to detect birth defects . She hopes her photos shine a light on "  the beauty and diversity of mankind " and make us wonder if a future without that diversity is desirable . "  I am not against prenatal/genetic testing for abnormalities but I think we need to stop and think what 's next . ... It 's necessary to open the discussion and educate people more about Down syndrome . It 's not a disease or a flaw . Parents of children with Down syndrome ... would n't exchange them for anything in the world . " The title of the series , "  First and foremost I am , " comes from a newspaper article by Halldora Jonsdottir , a 30-year-old woman who is also featured in Ella 's project . "  I have Down syndrome but FIRST AND FOREMOST I AM Halldora , " Jonsdottir writes . "  I do a million things that other people do . My life is meaningful and good because I choose to be positive and see the good things in life . I go to work , attend school and have hobbies . " Jonsdottir goes on to say , "  Who is perfect ? Who can say , that we who have Down syndrome are worth less that anyone else ? We are all different and would it be so great if we were all alike ? " Ella staged the portraits against a floral background because she wanted the subjects "  to stand out but also underline that all kinds of flowers can grow and flourish together . " The photo shoots lasted from one to three hours . She said she did n't give any coaching or direction for how they should pose ; she just talked with them and waited for the right moment to shoot . "  My favorite part of this project was how relaxed the atmosphere was . No one was pretending to be anything , the emotions were real and some of the times , there was such genuine happiness . "	Sigga Ella 's portraits show people with Down syndrome from 9 months to 60 years old She hopes her photos shine a light on "  the beauty and diversity of mankind "
CNN  -- Federal troops are on the way to a southern Mexican town where 43 students went missing , and local police have been ordered to lay down their weapons . Mexico 's federal Gendarmerie force will take over security in the southern municipality of Iguala along with the Mexican Army , the head of the country 's National Security council told reporters Monday . Monte Alejandro Rubido Garcia , head of the commission , said President Enrique Pe  a Nieto had ordered the takeover , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . Mexican Army and Federal Police forces are on the way to the municipality , where authorities are investigating the disappearance of 43 students after a night of violence last month . Authorities have accused local police of involvement in shootouts the night of September 26 , when gunmen opened fire on buses carrying dozens of students and soccer players . Since then , 43 students from a rural teachers ' college have been missing . Investigators found unmarked mass graves near the town over the weekend , and they say the graves could be connected to the case . State prosecutors say the remains of at least 28 people were in the graves , but the bodies were covered with gasoline and burned before they were buried , and it could take months to identify them . On their Twitter account Monday , Mexican Federal Police posted a photograph of vehicles on the way to Iguala , lights flashing . The case has drawn widespread attention and sharp criticism of officials in Iguala and Mexico 's Guerrero state . "  Like all of Mexican society , I am outraged and troubled by this situation , and I assure you there will not be impunity , " Pe  a Nieto said in a Twitter post Monday . Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office also said Monday that it was forming a special team to investigate the students ' disappearance . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Mexican federal forces are taking over security in the municipality of Iguala 43 students went missing there more than a week ago , and mass graves were found "  I am outraged and troubled by this situation , " Mexico 's President says
CNN  -- A 14-year-old boy allegedly beaten at a boot camp in China for young Internet addicts was in critical condition Thursday , less than three weeks after a youth at a different camp died , Chinese state media reported . People sit at a wireless cafe in Beijing , using their laptop computers . Internet use has skyrocketed in China , especially among teens . And Chinese parents have turned to hundreds of training camps that offer to wean their children -- mostly teenagers -- from excessive Internet use . There are at least 400 private rehabilitation clinics or camps in the country , according to a recent survey by the China Youth Internet Association , adding that China has 10 million teenage Web addicts . But the Chinese Ministry of Health says none of the private rehab clinics are legally registered . The parents of Pu Liang , the injured teen , had sent him to a camp called the Anti-traditional Education Training Center on August 4 near Chengdu , capital of the southwestern province of Sichuan , Chinese media reported . Pu allegedly was beaten three times between August 4 and August 11 . Police discovered the boy in solitary confinement last week and he was taken to a hospital , according to media reports . His parents accused a counselor at the camp and Pu 's peers of repeatedly hitting him , Chinese media said , adding that particular camp has been closed . "  He is suffering from water on the lungs and kidney failure , " Pu 's father , Pu Shiwei , told the publication China View on Wednesday . "  All injuries were done by the people at the camp . " The training center denied that a counselor beat the youth , contending Pu was hit by other campers because he could n't get along with them , China View reported . Authorities in Zhongjiang county , where the camp is located , said they detained the counselor after a report of alleged abuse from the parents of another child . The man who established the military-style camp , Wu Yongjing , admitted to the BBC that youngsters were sometimes subjected to "  physical punishment . " "  Physical punishment is an effective way to educate children -- as long as it can be controlled , " he said in an online story Wednesday . The injured youth 's mother told Chinese media that her son "  got addicted to online games and frequented Internet cafes ... at the end of last semester , my son said he did n't want to go to school . " The mother , Li Shubing , saw an ad for the training camp and hoped her son could be helped , she told China Daily . The parents signed a contract with the center and paid 5,000 yuan  about $ 730  , she said . In a separate incident , 15-year-old Deng Senshan died after his parents sent him to a summer training camp for his Internet addiction , according to Chinese news agency Xinhua . That camp was in south China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region . Authorities detained several counselors and were investigating the incident . Injuries found on the body indicated the teen had been beaten , Xinhua reported . China is in the process of classifying Internet addiction as a mental illness , according to China Tech News . Medical experts have called for laws and regulations to govern treatment . Last month the government banned electro-shock therapy as treatment for Internet addiction after abuses were reported . Internet users claiming to have received the treatment wrote in blogs and forums about being tied down and subjected to shocks for 30 minutes at a time . "  The market of Internet addiction treatment in China is in a total mess due to lack of diagnostic standards and treatment guidelines , " said Tao Ran , director of the country 's first Internet addiction clinic at Beijing 's Military General Hospital . China started to pay attention to the prevention of addiction in 1994 , when his clinic opened , Tao said . Data from the Beijing Public Security Bureau indicate that about three-quarters of juvenile criminals in China say they are addicted to the Internet . The proposed Diagnostic Criterion of Internet Addiction makes clear that the Internet-addicted should be treated in medical units with psychiatric departments , Tao said . "  Internet addiction is treatable . Through about three months ' treatment , 80 percent of the patients can get away from the addiction , " Tao has said . Some youths are so immersed in chat rooms and online games that they drop out of school , he added . "  They are suffering from depression , nervousness , fear and unwillingness to interact with others , panic and agitation . They also have sleep disorders , the shakes and numbness in their hands , " Tao said . One authority on Internet use in China said she has known several college students there who are wildly enthusiastic about the Internet . "  When they 've come to the U.S. , they 've all been hooked on the social networking sites , " said Susan Barnes , associate director of the Laboratory of Social Computing at the Rochester Institute of Technology . "  No matter what time it is , you can always find somebody online . " The Internet can easily become compulsive behavior for anyone with an addictive personality , Barnes said .	Survey : China has 400 private rehab clinics or camps , 10 million teen Web addicts Chinese Health Ministry says none of the private rehab clinics are legally registered Pu was allegedly beaten three times between August 4 and August 11 Report : Boy is suffering from water on the lungs and kidney failure , father says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A special court set up by Afghan President Hamid Karzai that had been prosecuting alleged electoral fraud by 62 parliament members has been dissolved , a presidential spokesman announced Wednesday . Karzai said in a written statement that the country 's electoral commission has final say over election outcomes , noting that Afghan courts can not change electoral results . The decree appears to put an end to months of legal wrangling over the legitimacy of roughly one quarter of the lawmakers in the country 's lower house of parliament . But presidential spokesman Siamak Herawi said the commission will now review the court 's findings to determine if any lawmakers need to be removed . Critics of the Afghan president have long suggested that the creation of the now-dissolved special court had been part of an effort to stack the lower house with Karzai supporters . Herawi declined to comment on those claims . Meanwhile , four police officers were killed in southern Afghanistan during an inadvertent clash between NATO forces and Afghan police , according to an Interior Ministry statement on Wednesday . The incident occurred in southern Kandahar province late Tuesday evening when NATO "  mistakenly attacked a police checkpoint in Arghandab district , " the statement said . Two other police officers were also injured in the clash . NATO says it is aware of the incident and an investigation is underway , according to International Security Assistance Force spokesman Capt. Pietro D'Angelo . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	A special court set-up to prosecute alleged electoral violations is dissolved 4 Afghan police officers die in clashes with NATO forces , Afghan officials say NATO "  mistakenly attacked a police checkpoint , " Afghan officials say NATO is investigating
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If you have a stash of pistachios in your house , pistachio ice cream in your freezer or trail mix in your backpack , do n't eat any of it . The FDA says it and the California Department of Public Health are taking "  a proactive approach . " Wait until an inquiry into possible salmonella contamination is further along , advises FDA Associate Commissioner David Acheson . Kraft Foods Inc. notified the U.S. Food and Drug Administration last Tuesday that it found salmonella in roasted pistachios during routine testing . The nuts were traced to Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California , about 75 miles south of Fresno . Setton announced a recall , Kraft removed its Back To Nature Trail Mix from store shelves , and Kroger -- a grocery chain with stores in 31 states -- recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores . See the FDA 's complete recall list "  Ultimately , the question is what should consumers do , and our advice to consumers is that they avoid eating pistachio products and keep checking the FDA Web site for the latest information , " Acheson said . Watch why it 's important not to eat the nuts " An investigation is under way into how the pistachios came to carry the bacteria . Salmonella can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems . Acheson stressed at a news conference Monday that the potential problems with pistachios were unrelated to this year 's recall of peanut products , including peanut butter . The pistachio investigation also involves the California Department of Public Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . Setton Farms told the FDA that it anticipates recalling about 1 million pounds of products nationally in the next few days , which covers its crop output last year . Several people have told the FDA that they suffered gastrointestinal illnesses after eating pistachios , and the CDC was doing a genetic analysis , looking for any link between the people and salmonella strains , Acheson said . He said there could be some results by the end of the week . He said the FDA is "  ahead of the curve " in the current investigation . "  I want to emphasize that this recall was not triggered because of an outbreak , in contrast to some of the previous situations , for example , like the peanuts where people were getting sick and it was determined that peanuts , peanut butter was the likely cause , " Acheson said . "  This is a situation that the recall is being triggered because of ... action taken on the part of the food industry , " he added . "  What we 're doing here is getting out ahead of the curve . It 's a proactive approach by the FDA and the California Department of Health . " Jeff Cronin , spokesman for the advocacy organization Center for Science in the Public Interest , had a mixed reaction to Acheson 's comments . "  I think it 's partly the case , " Cronin said . "  It 's good that the FDA is proactively issuing advice to consumers . " But "  this still begets the question of ` how did this contamination happen in the first place ? ' Is this an isolated problem , or are we going to be hearing the same kind of horror stories that we heard about ... the company that produced the peanuts ? " He said he wondered when was the last time the FDA visited Setton Farms and whether it had known of problems there . In February , the Texas Department of State Health Services ordered the recall of all products shipped from the Peanut Corporation of America 's plant in Plainview , Texas , after discovering dead rodents , rodent excrement and bird feathers in the plant . The company 's peanut butter and peanut paste products produced at its plant in Blakely , Georgia , were linked to a nationwide outbreak of salmonella poisoning that affected 600 people , nine of whom died . According to state health officials and many experts , the deadly outbreak of salmonella was fueled by poor oversight by food safety regulators and a slow response by federal agencies . The first problem is that almost nothing can stop companies from shipping contaminated food , William Hubbard , a former FDA associate commissioner , told a U.S. Senate committee in February . He also said there are not enough federal inspections . Other critics said the FDA stepped in too late in the peanut case to prevent a bigger problem . Food safety experts say the underlying cause of the problem is that the century-old system of regulation is broken . In the peanut case , the experts say , the federal government failed to oversee the safety of products coming out of the Blakely plant and was slow to identify it as the source of the salmonella .	FDA : Do n't eat pistachios until possible salmonella contamination is investigated Kraft Foods notified FDA of salmonella found during routine testing The tainted nuts were traced to Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California Setton Farms announced a recall of 1 million pounds of pistachio products
EW.com  -- Things have n't been going great for Paula Deen the last few days : She 's been dropped from the Food Network , QVC is "  reviewing the relationship , " and her biggest defenders so far have been her sons  $ " and their examples left a lot to be desired . But Deen has got at least one public figure in her corner : Anne Rice . The vampire author took to her own Facebook page to defend the chef , but her comments  first discovered by Jezebel  are likely to just cause more controversy . Rice first posed the question to her readers by saying : "  What 's happening with Paula Dean ? Is it fair ? I never heard of her until today , and wow , this looks like a crucifixion . Opinions , thoughts welcome ... are n't we becoming something of a lynch mob culture ? " QVC is ` reviewing business relationship ' with Paula Deen She then decided that the "  opinions , thoughts " needed were her own , and had quite a bit to say in the comments , including , in part , " ... This woman is just what you said . She 's an old southern lady , and she never made these unwise remarks of hers to a black person . We have no evidence at all that she has ever personally insulted or injured any black employee or friend . " No evidence , of course , except Deen 's own sworn deposition about the offense level of jokes . "  I ca n't , myself , determine what offends another person , " Deen said before going on to explain how she wanted to hire "  all black waiters for her brother 's 2007 wedding . " Paula Deen releases statement after being dropped from Food Network Rice continued her defense in the court of public opinion , via Facebook : "  It 's so easy to persecute an older , overweight , unwise , crude , ignorant woman who may very well be a good person at heart who has achieved a great deal in her life . So easy to vilify her and hate her and try to destroy her life . Woe to anyone today who is not slender , young , clever and politically correct . " Paula Deen will finally be giving her own side of the story on the "  Today " show Wednesday . A rep for Rice did not immediately respond to EW 's request for comment . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Anne Rice has come to Paula Deen 's defense on Facebook The author began by asking whether what 's happening to Deen is fair She also wondered if the present reaction is akin to a ` lynch mob culture '
The matchup in the title game of the new college football playoff system likely would n't have happened in past years . Second-ranked Oregon and fourth-ranked Ohio State will play for the championship after winning the initial semifinal games in the first College Football Playoff . Oregon crushed undefeated and defending national champ Florida State 59-20 in the Rose Bowl on Thursday then Ohio State continued its surge by edging No. 1 Alabama 42-35 in the Sugar Bowl . Under the former system , the Bowl Championship Series , FSU and Alabama probably would have met in the final game . In the first semifinal , Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota completed 26 of 36 passes for 338 yards and two touchdowns for Oregon  13-1  . He also ran for one score . "  You prepare all week to find success . And to execute the way we did , it definitely feels good , " he told reporters . "  Hopefully we can take a little bit of this momentum heading into the next game . " Oregon running backs Royce Freeman and Thomas Tyner each scored on two touchdown runs as the Ducks ended the Seminoles 29-game winning streak . Florida State  13-1  , the defending national champion , was done in by five turnovers . The miscues included a fumble in the third quarter by quarterback Jameis Winston that was turned into a back-breaking 58-yard touchdown return by Ducks linebacker Tony Washington . Oregon scored four TDs in the third period to lead 45-20 going into the fourth . "  We just turned the ball over too many times . We had one of the worst quarters we have ever had , " Florida State head coach Jimbo Fisher said . "  They made the plays , and they converted . " Winston , the 2013 Heisman Trophy winner , was 29 of 45 for 348 yards with one touchdown and one interception . Bleacher Report : Highlights from the Rose Bowl In the second semifinal , running back Ezekiel Elliott rushed for 230 yards on 20 carries and had two touchdowns for Ohio State  13-1  . The key score came on an 85-yard bolt to the end zone . "  Playing for each other . That 's how we did it , " Ohio State coach Urban Meyer said . Alabama  12-2  gave up 537 yards of offense to Ohio State . "  It was our goal to play our best in this game so we would have an opportunity to play in a national championship game , but we obviously did n't do the things that we needed to do , " Alabama coach Nick Saban said . "  But I think there are a lot of winners on this team and I do n't think that you necessarily need to get a trophy to be a winner . " Bleacher Report : Highlights from the Sugar Bowl The two semifinal winners will meet for the championship on January 12 in Arlington , Texas , at 8:30 p.m. ET . Bleacher Report : Fumble ends FSU chance at comeback	Ohio State upsets No. 1 Alabama behind sizzling running of Ezekiel Elliott Oregon ends defending champ Florida State 's 29-game winning streak Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota passes for two scores , runs for another
CNN  -- As Texas Rangers pitcher C.J. Wilson took to the mound Monday night , he wore a rope-like necklace that may be nothing more than a fashion choice , but if he believes in the maker 's claims , that may give him an "  edge " against his opponents at bat . It 's not just Wilson ; a surprising number of professional athletes have begun wearing the titanium-laced necklaces , including Rangers Derrick Holland , Mitch Moreland and Elvis Andrus . The "  edge " the necklaces ' manufacturer , Phiten , claims to give is not proved , but especially for athletes , there is psychological value to an item worn consistently , rituals and superstitions , one sports psychologist says . "  For athletes , there 's this unpredictability in sports . They never know how they 're going to play , how the other team is going to play , so when you do something that 's superstitious , like wearing a trinket , it gives you a greater sense of control , " said Gregg Steinberg , an author of "  Full Throttle " and professor of human performance at Austin Peay State University . Some athletes ' rituals have been well documented : Pitcher Turk Wendell wore a necklace made from the teeth of hunted animals . Michael Jordan famously wore his college shorts under his NBA uniforms ; third baseman Wade Boggs had to eat chicken before games and wrote the Hebrew symbol "  chai , " meaning life , in the dirt before batting . The extra sense of control from the ritual leads to calmness , and calm leads to better performance , explains Steinberg . Whether there are any tangible , special properties in the lucky charm is just beside the point for a sports psychologist . Fourteen-year-old baseball player Derek Halford of Baltimore says he got his own Phiten necklace when he was 11 , after watching the pros wear them . "  Last season , I forgot to wear it to a game , and I called my mom to go get it , because I refused to play without it , " Halford said . This season , he says , he views the necklace differently , but only slightly . "  I probably would still play , but my mind would be all messed up . I probably would n't play as well . I probably would n't be focused on the game , because I 'd be thinking about not having it on . " His first necklace was the plain kind -- selling for $ 36 -- but now he has upgraded to the newer , larger twisted-rope "  Tornado , " which costs $ 50 . Halford adds this self-observation : "  I got it for the purpose of making me a better athlete , but now I use it just as a lucky charm . " Bill Burgos , an NBA strength and conditioning coordinator , says that he does n't intervene when high-performers find value in lucky charms . "  When guys have a certain way of doing things , you do n't want to mess with that . " The Japanese manufacturer says its products , which include bracelets worn by some pro golfers , do have a special technology that sets them apart . By fusing fabric with "  a novel form of technology that involves metals broken down into microscopic particles dispersed in water " -- metals like titanium and gold -- Phiten is "  able to realize customers ' potentials in a variety of extents that leads to restore normal status of customers , " says the company 's website . Claims like that -- and paid endorsements from 23 professional athletes in the United States alone -- seem to be enough to convince many athletes that it 's better to be safe than sorry . Better to be mistaken than without . "  Phiten has used a pseudoscientific appeal in marketing their products . They talk about ` micro-sized titanium spheres ' and other things that give the product the air of technology without any real science to back it up , " explains professor Stuart Vyse of Connecticut College , author of "  Believing in Magic : The Psychology of Superstition . " The Lavidge Co. , which represents Phiten U.S.A. , could not provide any published studies finding a medical benefit from wearing its metal-infused necklaces and bracelets . "  Baseball players and others who engage in superstitious behaviors understanding that they have no scientific support are likely to say ' I just do n't want to take a chance , ' " Vyse said . " And they get an emotional benefit from doing something that makes them feel like they have greater control . Even when that feeling is an illusion . "	Texas Rangers face St. Louis Cardinals in World Series Game 6 , postponed to Thursday evening There is psychological value to an item worn consistently , one sports psychologist says Some well-known superstitous athletes include Michael Jordan , Wade Boggs and Turk Wendell Manufacturer 's claims of special technology in metal-infused jewelry are unproved
CNN  -- An Atlanta , Georgia , judge who ordered white lawyers out of his courtroom so he could lecture African-American defendants called that decision a "  mistake " Tuesday night . Judge Marvin Arrington says he is fed up with the defendants he keeps seeing in his courtroom . "  In retrospect , it was a mistake , " Judge Marvin Arrington told CNN . "  Because my sheriff said to me , ` Judge , that message should be given to everybody ' -- ` Do n't violate the law , make something out of yourself , go to school , find a role model , somebody that will help you advance your life . ' " Arrington , who is African-American , is a judge in Fulton County , Georgia , which includes the city of Atlanta . He said he got fed up seeing a parade of young black defendants shuffle into his courtroom and decided to address them one day last week -- out of the earshot of white lawyers . "  I came out and saw the defendants , and it was about 99.9 percent Afro-Americans , " Arrington told CNN affiliate WSB-TV of Atlanta , "  and at some point in time , I excused some lawyers -- most of them white -- and said to the young people in here , ` What in the world are you doing with your lives ? ' " The judge thought his message would make a greater impact if he delivered it to a black-only audience , he said . Watch judge talk about decision to lecture black defendants " "  I did n't want them to think I was talking down to them ; trying to embarrass them or insult them ; be derogatory toward them , and I was just saying , ` Please get yourself together , ' " Arrington said . In his Tuesday night appearance on CNN , Arrington told Anderson Cooper that that seeing the same faces walk in and out of his courtroom year after year takes its toll . "  I ask them all the the time , ` What progress are we making with you ? ' And sometime they can not answer , " he said . He said he would open his court doors to everyone on Thursday and "  I am going to give the same identical speech : ` You 've got to do better . ' " E-mail to a friend	Judge Marvin Arrington regrets decision to remove white lawyers from court Arrington says he wanted to talk to black defendants , urging them to get lives together Arrington plans to open court to everyone Thursday , deliver same speech
CNN  -- King of Clay Rafael Nadal began his defense of his Monte Carlo Masters title Wednesday with a routine 6-4 , 6-3 victory against the Finnish player Jarkko Nieminen . Nadal , whose incredible form on clay has seen him go unbeaten at the tournament since 2003 , showed little discomfort in dispatching Nieminen despite suffering persistent injury problems with his left knee . The Spaniard had pulled out of the Sony Ericsson Open semifinal against Andy Murray to receive treatment and also missed several tournaments after the Australian Open . "  I need practice , and today was a good practice , " Nadal told AFP . "  Tomorrow  is  going to be another tough match against a player who is dangerous . " That "  tough match " will be against Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin . If Nadal wins it will be his 39th straight win in the tournament and put him on course for a record eighth title . "  It was the first match on clay after a long time , and the first match after 15 days without touching a racquet , " said Nadal . "  The important thing was that I won in straight sets . Tomorrow I have another chance to keep improving , and that 's what I 'm going to try . " But Nadal is n't the favorite to win . Top seed and world number one Novak Djokovic looked impressive after beating Italian Andreas Seppi 6-1 , 6-4 . "  I was really focused first set and played it well against a tough , quality opponent who plays good on clay , " explained Djokovic . "  For the first official match since -LSB- the French Open at -RSB- Roland Garros last year , it was satisfying . " Djokovic will play the Ukrainian Alexandr Dolgopolov in the second round in the hope he can finally break Nadal 's clay court stranglehold in Monte Carlo and beyond . "  We 've played already here finals in 2009 , good match , but Nadal is the ultimate challenge on clay , " Djokovic said on Monday . "  He 's the king of clay . He 's the best tennis player ever to play on this surface and one of the best tennis players ever , so that says enough . "  Obviously , knowing in 2011 I won Rome and Madrid and winning against Rafa in finals back-to-back gives me a lot of confidence for coming into the clay court season now . "	Rafael Nadal beats Jarkko Nieminen in first round of Monte Carlo Masters Defending champions Nadal aiming for a record eighth title Tops seed Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov in first round Djokovic aiming to break Nadal 's clay court stranglehold
CNN  -- Rescue teams are scrambling to reach the site of Monday morning 's strong and shallow earthquake in northwestern China that has killed at least 89 people , according to state media . Another 593 people were injured and five were believed missing after the quake tore through Gansu Province , China Daily reported . The quake hit along the border of two counties -- Min and Zhang -- at around 7:45 a.m. local time , according to state news agency Xinhua . Emergency services are converging on the area , including the Red Cross Society of China , which is sending 200 tents and other supplies to shelter and sustain those left without homes . According to state broadcaster CCTV , Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged crews to prioritize the rescue of survivors and minimize casualties . The original quake and powerful aftershocks caused roofs to collapse , cut telecommunications lines and damaged a major highway linking the provincial capital of Lanzhou to the south , according to the China Daily newspaper . More than 300 armed police troops and 64 heavy machines have been dispatched to repair National Highway No. 212 , the paper reported . Train services in the area have also been suspended . Rescue efforts are expected to be hampered by heavy rain that 's soaked the region in recent weeks . More rain is forecast and experts have warned about potential landslides . According to the Gansu Provincial Seismological Bureau , the quake registered a magnitude of 6.6 , however the U.S. Geological Survey said it was a 5.9-magnitude tremor , which struck at the relatively shallow depth of about half a mile  1 kilometer  . The epicenter was eight miles  13 kilometers  east of Chabu and 110 miles  177 kilometers  south-southeast of Lanzhou , the USGS said . Tremors were still being felt from the quake , Xinhua said , quoting sources within the Min County government . Locals said buildings and trees shook for about a minute . Residents within the earthquake zone took to Weibo -- China 's version of Twitter -- soon after to describe how the earth shook . "  This morning at 7:40 I was brushing my teeth , all of a sudden everything shook for a few moments , I thought I did n't get enough sleep last night and was feeling dizzy , " @wyyy wrote . "  Turns out it was an earthquake , sigh , seems that with the huge rain downpour outside , we really do n't know how much longer this planet is going to let us live here . " Another , @dengdjianjyany , said : "  Gansu earthquake . So many natural disasters in so short a time , another flood , another landslide , another earthquake , another something . And it 's not finished , my God ~ is there any safe place left ? Wish everybody a life of peace " @Heidiping : "  Another earthquake , life really is fragile , survivors , be at peace ! " Earthquake strikes New Zealand Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	China quake death toll rises to 89 , state media reports The Red Cross Society of China is sending tents and supplies Hundreds reported injured across a number of counties Fears rescue efforts may be hampered by recent heavy rain , more forecast
CNN  -- Barcelona captain Carles Puyol says Tito Vilanova is "  the ideal man " to replace Pep Guardiola as Barcelona coach . Assistant manager Vilanova was named as Guardiola 's replacement after the 41-year-old announced Friday that he was stepping down as coach at the end of the season . "  Tito knows the team like nobody else , he knows its philosophy through and through , " said Puyol . Drained Guardiola quits "  He is the ideal man to continue the project . The departure of Guardiola is a big blow , but the fact that Tito has succeed him softens it somewhat . " The 34-year-old defender , who has captained the club since 2004 , also extended his gratitude to his outgoing coach . "  I would like to thank Pep for everything he has given us , he leaves us a lot in terms of football , a manner of understanding , of respecting ones opponent . "  He laid down a before and an after in football . Now life goes on . " Ten-man Chelsea stun Barcelona Guardiola will be in charge for Barcelona 's away meeting with Rayo Vallecano on Sunday -- a match they must win if they are to keep alive their slim hopes of retaining the La Liga title . If Barcelona lose and Real Madrid beat Sevilla in Sunday 's early kick-off , Jose Mourinho 's side will be crowned champions . In Saturday 's La Liga fixtures , Levante moved back into the top four on Saturday with a 3-1 over Granada . Second-half goals from Arouna Kone , Xavi Torres and Valdo helped see Levante move up a place ahead of Malaga , who entertain Valencia on Sunday . Sporting Gijon kept their slim hopes of a avoiding the drop alive with a convincing 3-0 win away to Espanyol . The result moves them up to 18th on 34 points ahead of Real Zaragoza who play Europa League finalists Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . But Racing Santander 's relegation from La Liga was confirmed on Saturday as they went down to a 3-0 defeat at Real Sociedad . Mid-table Mallorca moved above Getafe with a 3-1 win . Meanwhile in Serie A , Napoli 's quest for Champions League football next season suffered a blow as they were held to a 2-2 draw at Roma . The result only moves them level on 55 points with Lazio who can consolidate third place with a win at sixth-placed Udinese on Sunday . Any hopes Catania have of playing in the Europa League next season appear to be fading after they could only draw 1-1 draw with Palermo . The draw keeps Vincenzo Montella 's men in eighth , five points adrift of sixth-place . Mid-table Chievo also drew , playing out a goalless draw with Cagliari . Serie A leaders Juventus are in action on Sunday away to second-from-bottom Novara while title rivals AC Milan travel to Siena .	Barcelona captain offers his support to Pep Guardiola 's replacement saying he 's the "  ideal man " Departure of Guardiola "  a big blow " but softened by Tito Vilanova 's appointment Barcelona face Rayo Vallecano in Sunday ; Real Madrid host Sevilla In serie A , Napoli 's 2-2 draw against Roma dents Champions League qualification hopes
London  CNN  -- Lawyers acting for David Miranda , the partner of journalist Glenn Greenwald , said they will bring his case to the High Court in London on Thursday after he was detained at Heathrow Airport . Greenwald , who works for The Guardian newspaper , has been at the forefront of high-profile reports exposing secrets in U.S. intelligence programs , based on leaks from former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . Miranda , a Brazilian citizen , spent nearly nine hours in detention Sunday being questioned under a provision of Britain 's terrorism laws . He was stopped as he passed through London on his way from Berlin to his home in Brazil . Opinion : Silence the media , compromise freedom Authorities confiscated Miranda 's electronic equipment , including his mobile phone , laptop , memory sticks , smart watch , DVDs and games consoles , lawyer Gwendolen Morgan wrote in the court filing Wednesday . The lawyers , hired by The Guardian to represent Miranda , are trying to recover his property and prevent the government from inspecting the items or sharing what data they may have already gleaned from them . "  What they 're essentially seeking right now is a declaration from the British court that what the British authorities did is illegal , because the only thing they 're allowed to detain and question people over is investigations relating to terrorism , and they had nothing to do with terrorism , they went well beyond the scope of the law , " Greenwald told CNN 's AC360 on Tuesday . "  And , secondly , to order them to return all the items they stole from David and to order that they are barred from using them in any way or sharing them with anybody else . " Miranda ` afraid ' during questioning Pressure on The Guardian ? Meanwhile , new claims have emerged that the pressure placed on The Guardian over its reporting on information leaked by Snowden came from the highest levels of government . The British newspaper The Independent reported Wednesday that Prime Minister David Cameron ordered the country 's top civil servant , Sir Jeremy Heywood , "  to contact the Guardian to spell out the serious consequences that could follow if it failed to hand over classified material received from Edward Snowden . " Asked about the report by CNN , Cameron 's office did not deny it . "  We wo n't go in to specific cases , but if highly sensitive information was being held insecurely , the government would have a responsibility to secure it , " a Downing Street press officer said . She declined to be named in line with policy . The Guardian 's editor , Alan Rusbridger , said in an editorial published Monday that the paper had physically destroyed computer hard drives under the eyes of representatives of Britain 's General Communications Headquarters -- the UK equivalent of the NSA . The move followed several meetings with "  a very senior government official claiming to represent the views of the prime minister " and "  shadowy Whitehall figures , " Rusbridger said . They demanded The Guardian hand over the Snowden material or destroy it , he said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , the head of Cameron 's Liberal Democrat coalition partners , considered the request "  reasonable , " his office said .  $  "  The Deputy Prime Minister felt this was a preferable approach to taking legal action , " according to a statement issued Wednesday evening . "  He was keen to protect the Guardian 's freedom to publish , whilst taking the necessary steps to safeguard security . " Greenwald broke the story of the existence of a U.S. National Security Agency program that is thought to have collected large amounts of phone and Internet data . The Guardian also claimed , based on documents provided by Snowden , that GCHQ made use of the NSA program , known as PRISM , to illegally spy on UK citizens . A UK parliamentary committee subsequently found "  no basis " for this claim . The UK government says GCHQ acts within a strong legal framework . ` Journalistic material ' Miranda was stopped as he returned to the couple 's Rio de Janeiro home after staying in Berlin with filmmaker Laura Poitras , who has been working with Greenwald on NSA-related stories . Miranda will seek a judicial review on the grounds that the legislation under which he was detained was misused , his solicitor Morgan said Tuesday . Morgan wrote to Home Secretary Theresa May and the Metropolitan Police chief asking for assurances that "  there will be no inspection , copying , disclosure , transfer , distribution or interference , in any way , with our client 's data pending determination of our client 's claim . " The law firm has also demanded the same from any third party , either domestic or foreign , that may have been given access to the material . The letter , seen by CNN , claims that Schedule 7 of Terrorism Act 2000 was used to detain Miranda "  in order to obtain access to journalistic material " and that this "  is of exceptional and grave concern . " Miranda has said he does not know what data he was carrying back with him . ` Huge black eye ' for British government Britain 's Home Office on Tuesday defended Miranda 's questioning , saying the government and police "  have a duty to protect the public and our national security . " "  If the police believe that an individual is in possession of highly sensitive stolen information that would help terrorism , then they should act and the law provides them with a framework to do that , " it said . "  Those who oppose this sort of action need to think about what they are condoning . " In a statement that did n't name Miranda but referred to his detention , the Metropolitan Police called what happened "  legally and procedurally sound " and said it came after "  a detailed decision-making process . " The statement describes the law under which Miranda was detained as "  a key part of our national security capability which is used regularly and carefully by the Metropolitan Police Service to help keep the public safe . " But that 's not how Miranda and Greenwald view the law , or at least how it was applied in this case . Sitting alongside his partner , Greenwald said the detention gave the British government "  a huge black eye in the world ,  made  them look thuggish and authoritarian  for  interfering in the journalism process  and created  international incidents with the government of Brazil , which is indignant about this . " Greenwald added , "  To start detaining people who they think they are reporting on what they 're doing under terrorism laws , that is as dangerous and oppressive as it gets . " White House knew Miranda would be detained Miranda , who did n't have an interpreter on hand during his detention despite English being a second language for him , said : "  They did n't ask me anything about terrorism , not one question . " He added , "  They were just telling me : ` If you do n't answer this , you are going to jail . ' " Greenwald said the entire episode was designed to intimidate him and other investigative journalists from using classified information and digging into stories critical of the British and allied governments . But , he said , it will have the reverse effect on him , making him more determined to carry on . The seizure of material from Miranda will not stop the newspaper reporting on the story , he added . "  Of course , we have multiple copies of every single thing that we 're working on , " Greenwald said . "  Nobody would ever travel with only one copy of anything . " CNN 's Bryony Jones , Greg Botelho , Caroline Paterson and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	David Cameron pushed for The Guardian to hand over Snowden material , report says Glenn Greenwald says lawyers for his partner have filed a lawsuit over his detention They are seeking a declaration that what the UK authorities did is illegal , Greenwald says The UK government says it has a duty to protect national security
CNN  -- Funeral and memorial services will take place at week 's end for two young women killed when a train carrying coal derailed near Baltimore , burying them . Elizabeth Nass and Rose Mayr , both 19 , died early Tuesday when the train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting , spilling coal on top of them , police said . Visitation is scheduled for Thursday and a memorial Mass on Friday for Nass at Church of the Resurrection in Ellicott City , Maryland . For Mayr , two viewings are planned for Friday at Harry H. Witzke 's Family Funeral Home and a funeral service at Bethany United Methodist Church on Saturday , also in Ellicott City . A makeshift memorial of ribbons and flowers sprung up along Main Street , not far from where the women perished , CNN affiliate WJLA-TV reported . The roadway is closed while crews clear the scene and authorities investigate . It is expected to reopen Friday . The National Transportation Safety Board said the crew aboard the train did not apply the emergency brakes just before the accident . Instead , the air brakes were automatically triggered , agency spokesman Jim Southworth said Wednesday , noting that a possible rupture in an air line may have caused the emergency braking . Southworth said the investigation was just in its beginning stages . He added the train , with two locomotives and 80 cars , had been traveling about 25 mph when it jumped the tracks . The first 21 cars behind the locomotives derailed . Maryland train derailment delays terrorism trial at Guantanamo The derailed train also damaged fiber-optic lines and temporarily disrupted Internet service at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , delaying the trial for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others facing terrorism charges this week , a base spokesman said . The facility lost about 50 % of its connectivity , which is serviced by satellite downlink locations in Maine and Maryland , according to Capt. Robert Durand . The service was restored withing 24 hours , a spokesman for Verizon , which maintains the line , said . Howard County Executive Ken Ulman said that once the initial investigation has been completed , authorities will assess how Mayr and Nass got access to the bridge . They were apparently sitting on the bridge ledge just after midnight with their backs to the train when it derailed , according to a written statement from Howard County police . The two posted photos to Twitter shortly before the crash . One showed feet dangling over a road , with the caption "  Levitating . " Another appeared to look down Main Street . Nass tweeted , "  Drinking on top of the Ellicott City sign with @ r0se_petals . " The name Ellicott City is painted on the railroad bridge . Rachel Green , who went to school with Mayr in the nursing program at the University of Delaware , said , despite the Twitter posts , her friend was not irresponsible . "  They were just living life a little bit on the edge , and some people can do that five billion times and they live to be 80 and they live to tell all the times they lived on the edge , " Green told affiliate WMAR-TV . "  Some people do it once in their life , and they ca n't live to tell their tale . " Mayr was about to start her junior year . Nass attended James Madison in Virginia . "  They were both terrific kids , " Mount Hebron High School Principal Scott Ruehl said . "  Both girls were really involved in the dance program . They were pleasant ; they always said hi in the hallway . " Marmie Edwards , a spokeswoman for Operation Lifesaver , a nonprofit organization that promotes railroad safety , said the number of fatalities in 2012 involving people on tracks was up significantly . "  It 's probably just as well to stay away , not just to be off the tracks , but stay away from the train so you know you 're going to be safe , " she said . "  Because it 's hard to say , ` OK , here it 's safe ; there it 's not . ' So just stay away . " According to the Federal Railroad Administration , in the first five months of the year , 178 people were killed in accidents on or near tracks , not including at railroad crossings . iReport : Damaged rail car CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	They died early Tuesday when a train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting NTSB says a break in an air line may have caused emergency braking County official says he plans to assess how the young women got access to the bridge
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Coordinated attacks in at least eight Mexican cities killed three federal police officers and two soldiers Saturday in what officials are calling an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs . Attacks occurred after arrest of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana . Another 18 federal officers were wounded , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing federal police official Rodolfo Cruz Lopez . The attacks were in retribution for the capture early Saturday of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , a high-ranking member of the drug cartel known as La Familia Michoacana  The Michoacan Family  , Notimex reported . Rueda is considered second in command to the group 's two top leaders , Nazario "  El Chayo " Moreno Gonzlez and Jos " El Chango " de Jess Mndez Vargas , acting as a "  right arm " to Moreno , the secretary of public security said Saturday in a statement . Among other allegations , he was arrested for his role in designing the hierarchy of the organization , the production of synthetic drugs and movement of marijuana and cocaine to the United States , said Mexico 's secretary of public security . Rueda was arrested along with a 17-year-old male who worked for him . Following his arrest Saturday morning in Morelia , Michoacan , men armed with high-powered rifles and grenades attacked the police station where he was being held , the Secretary of Public Security said . After failing to win his freedom , members of the group launched attacks in the cities of Morelia , Zitacuaro , Zamora , Lazaro Cardenas , Apatzingan , La Piedad and Huetamo in Michoacan state , Notimex news said , citing federal police . The three officers were killed in Zitacuaro , police official Eduardo Moran told CNN en Espaol , while six police officers were reported wounded in Morelia . Two soldiers were killed in Zamora , shot by men in a passing car as they walked to their headquarters . The Secretary of Public Security told the newspaper Cambio de Michoacan that 25 spent shells from an R-15 rifle and 17 from an AK-47 were found at the scene . Michoacan is in west-central Mexico , on the Pacific coast . Another rifle and grenade attack took place near Acapulco in Guerrero state , which borders Michoacan , but no one was injured . Saturday 's attacks came just days after a drug gang in Tijuana declared they were at war with police , threatening to kill five officers every week until Police Chief Julian Leyzaola resigns . The threat was made in a note found on the windshield of a slain officer 's car , news reports said . At least three Tijuana officers have been killed since Monday , reports said . Leyzaola , a former army colonel , replaced a police chief removed from office in December after receiving numerous threats . "  Leyzaola has become the poster boy for honest police work , which has put the drug gangs on notice , " Vicente Calderon , a reporter for the Tijuana Press news agency , told CNN affiliate KUSI . "  They believe he is serious , that he means business and is trying to re-establish the rule of law that has been affecting the city and whole state for many years since organized crime established themselves in Baja -LSB- California -RSB- . " Tijuana , the westernmost city in Mexico , is across the border from San Diego , California . Sixteen police officers have died there in 2009 , and officers are now patrolling the city in groups of six , KUSI reported . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg and Monica Trevino contributed to this report .	NEW : Gang targets police station where Arnoldo Rueda Medina was being held Attacks were reprisals for capture of member of La Familia gang Series of coordinated attacks in at least eight cities kills 3 federal officers , 2 soldiers Officials call the coordinated attacks an unprecedented onslaught by drug gangs
Richmond , Virginia  CNN  -- In the Virginia House of Delegates , Republican Robert Marshall is a longtime abortion opponent who has tried repeatedly to pass legislation in his state that would give rights to the unborn . This year , on his third try , Marshall just might get his wish , and that has advocates for women 's reproductive rights concerned . The House of Delegates passed a so-called "  personhood " bill Tuesday sponsored by Marshall that would give unborn children at all stages of development -- including embryos -- the same rights available to "  other persons " in the state "  subject only to the laws and constitutions of Virginia and the United States , precedents of the United States Supreme Court , and provisions to the contrary in the statutes of the Commonwealth . " "  We need to get back to the respect for life that we used to have in this country that 's been lost , " Marshall told CNN . Virginia is the latest front in a long-running battle over women 's reproductive rights -- a fight that has taken center stage in recent weeks after a controversial decision by the Obama administration to require religious groups to provide their employees access to birth control in their insurance plans at no cost . The administration later offered a compromise , after drawing fire from Catholic leaders and other religious organizations . However , the issue has stayed in the headlines . Marshall 's bill must still be passed by the Virginia state Senate . If that happens , Republican Gov. Robert McDonnell 's office has said he will review the measure if it reaches his desk , but he has not committed to signing it . Opponents of the legislation believe it could restrict access not only to abortions but to some forms of contraception , like those that prevent implantation of fertilized eggs . Democratic Delegate Eileen Filler-Corn , who supports abortion rights , said the legislation represented an "  overreach by the state . " "  These decisions should be left to a woman and her physician , a medical professional , " Filler-Corn said . "  This is a slippery slope and eventually , the goal of the personhood movement is to ensure that birth control is illegal . " Marshall says his law does not directly challenge the Supreme Court 's landmark 1973 Roe vs. Wade decision affirming a woman 's right to an abortion , although he acknowledged it is a step in that direction . He has dismissed what he calls the "  sky is falling " claims of his critics , saying all his bill does is grant legal recognition to the unborn prior to birth . "  By itself , it does not outlaw abortion . It does n't address birth control , " he said . "  This is a side show designed to distract people 's attention from what we 're doing here . " A bill similar to Marshall 's is pending in Oklahoma 's state legislature . Voters in Colorado and Mississippi have rejected "  personhood " ballot initiatives in recent years . Women 's rights advocates say these legislative and ballot efforts around the country to establish fetal personhood are part of a move to place greater restrictions on women 's access to abortion . "  Over the past several years , we 've seen more and more attempts to restrict abortion directly , " said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at the Guttmacher Institute , an organization that describes itself as advancing sexual and reproductive health and rights through research and policy analysis . "  These efforts around redefining ` person ' are a little more of a back door approach , because they do n't use the term abortion . They 're not an outright abortion ban . Instead they 're using a less obvious approach in a way that does not exactly indicate exactly how far they go . " According to the Guttmacher Institute , new laws in 24 states in 2011 restricted access to abortion services , while according to the advocacy group NARAL Pro-Choice America , the number of "  anti-choice " measures being implemented in states has risen steadily over the past decade , from 303 in 2001 to 713 in 2011 . NARAL cites measures that place limits on when and where a women can have an abortion , limit state aid or insurance coverage for the procedure , and mandate counseling . Whether the Virginia bill ultimately succeeds , politicians like Marshall are committed to keeping the issue front and center . "  I 've been here for 20 years , " he said . "  That means I do n't quit . " His dedication is matched by those on the other side -- proof positive that 39 years after the Roe decision , the debate over women 's reproductive rights is not going away any time soon .	A measure giving rights to the unborn passes the House of Delegates It still must pass the Senate , and the governor has yet to commit to signing it Similar measures are under consideration in other states Opponents say "  personhood " legislation is a step toward outlawing abortion
CNN  -- Months after he told off a passenger over a plane 's public address system , a former JetBlue flight attendant told CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday that "  a perfect storm of bad manners " triggered his much ballyhooed outburst . "  It was a stressful , rushed  plane  full of harried carriers ... and a harried crew , " Steven Slater said in his first extensive interview since the August incident . "  I was angry at all of it . I call it the perfect storm of bad manners that created this situation , including my own . " Slater talked to CNN exactly one week after reaching a deal with prosecutors and pleading guilty to second-degree attempted criminal mischief , a felony , and fourth-degree attempted criminal mischief , a misdemeanor . Under terms of the deal , he must enter a yearlong mental health program , which includes treatment for substance abuse , and take certain medications . Slater must also pay a $ 10,000 fine to JetBlue for the cost of repairing or replacing the chute . That 's a steep cost given that Slater earned $ 9,700 last year after taking time off to help his ailing mother , said his publicist Howard Bragman . But Slater said he was happy to avoid a trial that , as long as he is n't arrested again , keeps him out of jail . "  I do n't look very good in horizontal stripes , " he said . Slater has signed with a book agent , through the William Morris agency , to work with a co-writer on a story documenting his 20 years in the travel business . The book is tentatively titled "  Cabin Pressure , " Bragman said . According to Slater , the incident occurred during the third and final leg of a day of flying for him and his crew , capping three straight days on the road and in the air . While on the ground in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Slater said his forehead got cut as he worked with a woman trying to wedge an oversized bag into an overhead bin . He said most of the brief Pittsburgh to New York City flight was largely uneventful , though some passengers later said he 'd been rude to them en route . Slater said Tuesday , "  I would n't deny that one bit . I 'm sure my service was less than stellar that day . " After the plane landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport in Queens , Slater said the passenger with the large bag -- which had to be checked as it would n't fit in the overhead bin -- began berating him . With the PA microphone already in hand , he said that he thanked the "  respectful " passengers on board but not the woman who Slater said had called him a curse word . Slater said he then grabbed a few beers from the beverage cart , looked outside , opened the emergency evacuation slide and slid down . He described his thoughts at the time as a combination of "  pure rage " and serenity and clarity that "  I did n't need to do this anymore . " "  I was just thinking , ` I 'm free , I 'm finally free , ' " he said . "  It was a nice , hot beach day , and I had a couple of cold beers . " Slater hopped in his car and drove to his Belle Harbor , New York , home , where police came and arrested him a few hours later . A self-described "  recovering alcoholic , " Slater said he had "  a few sips " of an alcoholic beverage while on the late-morning flight , but he denied he was drunk . Almost hours after it became public , the episode became a national phenomenon . His "  take this job and shove it " sentiment stirred support from hundreds of thousands of fans online , on talk radio , on late-night talk shows and elsewhere , as well as strong opinions about Slater , travel stress and the perceived growing rudeness of people . The son of an American Airlines pilot and flight attendant , Slater said that he 'd been a flight attendant for 20 years for TWA , Delta and ultimately JetBlue before that airline suspended him after this summer 's incident . Being a flight attendant had changed significantly in that time , he claimed , becoming more stressful , less satisfying and less rewarding -- for people like himself as well as passengers . Slater said he was set to work a return flight for TWA Flight 800 before it crashed in July 1996 minutes after taking off from New York . He got counseling after that crash , which killed several friends , and after the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  The days of the pillbox hat and the white gloves are long gone , " he said . "  I think of myself as someone who reached the end of the rope and may not have handled it the best way ... but I 'm moving forward . " Slater himself says he was taken aback by the media frenzy and found humor in some of the potshots . "  It 's surreal , it 's very strange , " he said . "  I kind of remind myself that  Steven Slater  has been a two-dimensional media , Internet-created figure . This is my chance to become a little more three-dimensional . " Watch Larry King Live Monday through Sunday 9pm ET . For the latest from Larry King Live click here .	Steven Slater was "  angry " when he blasted a passenger , exited via an evacuation slide The flight attendant became a pop culture icon after the incident Slater has struck a deal to co-write a book , tentatively titled , "  Cabin Pressure " He 's plead guilty to two counts of criminal mischief , and must get counseling , pay a fine
It was the bomb credited with ending World War II . Days after the United States dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 , Japan announced its unconditional surrender . In Hiroshima , 80,000 people died instantly when the bomb was dropped on August 6 , 1945 , and another 112,000 died in the aftermath . More than 70,000 people died instantly when the second bomb was dropped on August 9 in Nagasaki . The Manhattan Project , the federal military program where leading scientists developed the atomic bomb in secret , could become a national historic park with the help of recently passed congressional legislation . The National Defense Authorization Act includes seven new national park sites , the expansion of nine national park sites and the extension of 15 National Heritage Areas . The legislation awaits President Barack Obama 's signature . "  Our national parks are a reflection of our nation , both past and present , and these seven new national park sites will further tell America 's stories , " said Clark Bunting , president and CEO of the National Parks Conservation Association . "  Bipartisan , congressional approval for protecting and preserving Harriet Tubman 's heroic life and work , Columbian mammoths and Ice Age fossils at Tule Springs , and the complexity of the Manhattan Project continue to make our National Park System our country 's best idea , " he said . Here are some potential new and expanded park sites worth exploring . Manhattan Project National Historical Park Working in secret during World War II , scientists J. Robert Oppenheimer , Maria Goeppert Mayer and others led thousands of workers in Los Alamos , New Mexico ; Oak Ridge , Tennessee ; and Hanford , Washington , to build a nuclear reactor and assemble the atomic bomb . The legislation authorizes the proposed park , which would be located in all three states . Its creation is dependent on land acquisition . While the National Park Service will interpret the sites for the public , the U.S. Department of Energy is responsible for ensuring safety , environmental remediation and historic preservation of its Manhattan Project properties , and access to the properties . Harriet Tubman National Historical Park Born into slavery in Maryland , Harriet Tubman escaped to Philadelphia and rose to become an iconic conductor on the Underground Railroad , returning again and again to Maryland to help enslaved people escape to freedom . After the Civil War , she fought for women 's suffrage along with Susan B. Anthony in Auburn , New York . The proposed national historical park , whose creation is also dependent on land acquisition , would include the existing Harriet Tubman National Monument on Maryland 's Eastern Shore and add new sites in New York . Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument Once home to bison herds , prides of lions , Columbian mammoths , saber tooth cats , herds of bison and other Ice Age animals , Nevada 's Tule Springs desert used to be lush wetlands . The evidence of its past is ripe for further exploration if the area becomes a new national park site as the Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument . Valles Caldera National Preserve The Valles Caldera National Preserve in New Mexico is "  one of the world 's best examples of a resurgent caldera and its large eruptions , " says the National Parks Conservation Association . Calderas are vast sunken areas formed after supervolcano eruptions blow out the ground and the land falls back to rest .  Yellowstone may be the world 's most famous supervolcano . Visitors can also enjoy exploring the mountains , old growth timber and Native American heritage in the area . The site is already owned by the federal government , and it would get even more attention as a new national park site . Gettysburg National Military Park The Gettysburg Train Station , where President Abraham Lincoln arrived on a train to deliver the historic Gettysburg Address , would be added to the existing Gettysburg National Military Park . The train station also served as a field hospital during the Battle of Gettysburg . The Gettysburg Foundation owns the land , and there are plans to donate it to the National Park Service .	Manhattan Project may become new national park site There are seven new sites included in Congressional legislation Some sites require land acquisition to become parks
CNN  -- Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke has delivered an emotional tribute to friend and fellow cricketer Phillip Hughes at his funeral , telling mourners he felt his spirit with him . Breaking down at times , Clarke spoke of visiting the pitch at the Sydney Cricket Ground where Hughes fatally injured when hit by a "  bouncer " -- a short-pitched , aggressive delivery that bounces up towards the batsman 's torso -- while batting for the South Australia side against New South Wales . "  I walked in the middle of the SCG on Thursday night , those same blades of grass beneath my feet where he and I and so many of his mates here today had built partnerships , taken chances , and lived out the dreams we painted in our heads as boys , " said Clarke . "  The same stands where the crowds rose to their feet to cheer him on , and that same fence he sent the ball to time and time again , and it 's now forever the place where he fell . " He continued : "  I stood there at the wicket , I kneeled down and touched the grass . I swear he was with me , picking me up off my feet to check if I was okay , telling me we just needed to dig in and get through to tea . " In a tribute referencing the "  spirit of cricket " and the outpouring of grief from the sport 's fans around the world in the wake of Hughes ' death , he said his friend had "  left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment . " "  I do n't know about you , but I keep looking for him . I know it 's crazy , but I expect any minute to take a call from him , or to see his face pop around the corner , " said Clarke , who also acted as a pallbearer . "  Is this what we call the spirit ? If so , then his spirit is still with me , and I hope it never leaves . " Hughes ' funeral service took place Wednesday in a packed school hall in his home town of Macksville , New South Wales -- a small town on Australia 's eastern coast , where he was raised on a banana and beef farm . Other mourners gathered to watch from the school fields outside , while Australian television broadcast the funeral live . It was also screened on big screens at Australia 's major cricket grounds . Delivering a eulogy on behalf of the family , his cousin , Nino Ramunno , remembered the cricketer as "  a young kid from the country who dared to dream big . " He recalled how his cousin was introduced to cricket through backyard cricket games with his brother and neighbors in the country . "  There was no quarter either asked or given in those backyard test matches , " said Ramunno . Although initially reluctant to take part , Hughes took to the sport with a passion , and never looked back . OPINION : The unspoken ` if only ' in Hughes ' death The left-handed batsman represented Australia in 26 Tests , the highest standard of the game , after making his debut in 2009 at the age of 20 . Australian cricket writer Gideon Haigh told CNN that although Hughes , who was named Australia 's domestic cricket player of the year in 2013 , had been dropped from the national side on occasion , "  no one seemed to doubt that he was a character that we would be watching for the next 10-15 years . " "  No one had a greater appetite for the game , " said Haigh . "  He had that drive , he had that enthusiasm . " Hughes ' cousin Ramunno spoke of his response to those setbacks in his career . "  I never , ever once heard him complain about being dropped from the Australian team , " he told mourners . "  He believed he would come back bigger and better , and continuing to pile on runs . " Hughes ' friend , Corey Ireland , recalled the cricketer 's love of Angus cattle -- and a deal he made with himself to add to his herd every time he scored a century , an innings of 100 runs or more . "  His herd grew very quickly , " said Ireland . A host of past and present Australian and other international cricketers attended the funeral -- as did Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . The streets of Macksville were decorated with cricket bats , following a social media-led tribute using the hashtag #putoutyourbats . There were also numerous references to the numbers "  408 " -- Hughes was the 408th Australian Test cricketer -- and "  63 not out , " the score Hughes was on when injured . Haigh told CNN that cricket fans and the wider Australian public were "  all making it up as we go along " in terms of mourning Hughes , he said . "  People want to make some form of communal gesture , " he said . "  It 's unprecedented in any era for a player of his profile to have been cut down in his prime in this way . "	Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes ' funeral took place in his hometown Wednesday Hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week His friend , the Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke , said he felt his spirit He said his friend had "  left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment "
CNN  -- If you did n't know that Perry Farrell , Dave Navarro and Stephen Perkins were members of Jane 's Addiction , you might think they belonged to three different bands -- and Farrell is the first to admit it . "  One guy 's just a ball of sunshine . That 's Stephen , " the singer said . "  Then Dave is like a black hole sometimes , like places where he goes . And me ? I 'm just like a pingpong ball put in the cosmos , man . " And that , ladies and gentlemen , pretty much sums up the genius of Jane 's Addiction -- the friction of three disparate parts rubbing together , until finally , it explodes into a glorious musical fireball . It 's a chemical reaction that , throughout the band 's 26-year-history , has all too often imploded as well . "  I 'm not really sure how many times we 've parted ways , " said Navarro , the group 's guitarist . "  I was n't really one of the people who thought we would n't be back together , primarily because we 've gotten back together so many times over the years . We do n't break up anymore . We just go on five-year hiatuses . " The alternative rock pioneers are prepping the October 18 release of "  The Great Escape Artist , " their first studio album in eight years . "  The sound is definitely updated on this album , " Farrell said . "  The differences are that we are now working with synthesizers and computer software that goes with guitars , so you 'll hear a lot of very modern sounds mixed in with what people call the ageless , or timeless , sound of Jane 's Addiction . " With original bassist Eric Avery , Jane 's Addiction put a soundtrack to the gritty Southern California underground arts scene of the late 1980s . The group 's first studio album , "  Nothing 's Shocking , " was an examination of love , lust , violence and drugs . By 1990 , the band was all over rock radio with "  Stop ! " and "  Been Caught Stealing , " a pair of hit singles off its sophomore disc , "  Ritual de lo Habitual . " The new CD is only the group 's fourth studio album . "  We pull from the environment , " said drummer Perkins . "  Jane 's Addiction wrote our  first  music in Hollywood in 1986 . You hear Los Angeles . You hear that Mexico is only 100 miles away from us . You can hear the struggle , and also the glory , of being a musician in L.A. . Our music was never negative , but it had that strong urge . You wanted to go f**k , not to go punch . And I think Jane 's still has that . " CNN visited the band during a video shoot for the new single , "  Irresistible Force , " on a Hollywood soundstage . Farrell , the lyricist , said the song chronicles how the universe was created . "  I say the big bang was actually a conscious act of cosmic lovemaking . " Perkins , the pragmatist , has a different interpretation . "  To me , the ` Irresistible Force ' is what pulls me , Dave and Perry together . Ever since I was 13 , I 've been playing with Navarro . I met Perry when I was 17 . And no matter how much we stopped playing with each other , and tried to get away from each other , it 's the magnet -- it pulls us closer . " The band members discussed their reunion and new album and how they 've avoid fistfights for nearly two decades : CNN : How does it feel to have Jane 's Addiction back together again ? Perry Farrell : I love performing with Jane 's Addiction . I hope I get to do it all my life . It 's healthy for bands to take a break every now and then . People are really looking forward to this new record because they 're a little starved . I 'm pulling the old woman 's trick of making them want , and want , and need and desire . CNN : Who 's the peacemaker who calls and says , "  Let 's try this again ? " Dave Navarro : I do n't really know how it happens . I 'm all about peace , but it 's like with any family . If there 's a conflict in a family , and it 's Thanksgiving , and everybody gets together , and you have a few drinks and you start chatting with the family member that you have a problem with -- next thing you know , it 's all water under the bridge . Stephen Perkins : If we 're not getting along , we do n't just stay together because we 're getting paid for it . But when we like each other , the music sounds better , and it feels better to cash those checks when you 're doing it with friends . Navarro : The old stuff percolates , of course , but the tools we have as adults are different to handle it , you know what I mean ? When you 're younger , you 're not as equipped -- or at least we were n't equipped -- to handle diverse personalities . What seemed a big deal at 19 is way less of a big deal in your 40s . CNN : So no awesome fistfights lately ? Navarro : No , no . People keep asking about that . That was done in like ' 91 . That was done a long time ago , and I do n't even have any recollection of that . CNN : Maybe that was part of the problem . Navarro : That probably contributed to the problem .  Chuckles CNN : Do you think you 'd still be making music if you had continued to live the way you were living ? Navarro : Well , I ca n't speak for anybody else about that , but I certainly feel that any day above ground is a blessing . Been through a lot . CNN : How do you think you guys would have held up through the scrutiny that 's part of today 's culture ? Navarro : When Jane 's Addiction got started , it was the '80s , and there were n't cell phones , and there were n't people chasing people down the street with cameras , and there was n't the Internet , and there was n't cable news the way it is now . And I do n't know if we 'd be where we are , quite frankly , if there was , because we had some what I 'd like to call ` colorful times . ' You know , the less widely reported , the better . CNN : In order to generate press sometimes , you ca n't be just a musician . You have to be a musician/celebrity . Navarro : I did n't write the book , but I read the book that earlier had been written by Tommy Lee . CNN : Are people meaner now ? Navarro : Back in the old days , there was no "  commenting " section . Whatever comments you had were up here  points to his head  , or you told your friend . It was n't like public fodder . So yeah , people are meaner now . Sure . But you 've got to take the attitude of , "  OK , we 're in a blessed position . " You ca n't ask the world to entirely love you . CNN : The story of Jane 's Addiction is very rock 'n' roll . Farrell : We 've definitely had some dark moments . What would a story be without the dark moments ? Part of the greatness of any story is that you can rise up out of that darkness and shake off the dust and the dirt . CNN : How are things different now ? Farrell : Socially , we 've never really hung out , although these days , I 'm inviting the guys to things that I do just because I love 'em . But we definitely go to different parts of the universe . Some bands , they all have to like the same thing , and as a result , the sound is very linear , and once the time passes , they sound dated . When it comes to our prescription , we like to have different elements of music and influence coming together . That 's what makes a new sound . Perkins : Jane 's Addiction used to be the only thing in my life , and now , I 've got so many other things . My pie has got a few slices . There is n't just one slice . But it 's always got whipped cream on it , and it 's always really warm , and I ca n't wait to get another bite of it .	The alternative rock pioneers are prepping the release of "  The Great Escape Artist " CNN visits band during video shoot for new single , "  Irresistible Force " Lead singer Perry Farrell says the song chronicles how the universe was created
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- In another major sign of growing ties between India and the United States , President Barack Obama on Monday backed a permanent seat for India in the U.N. Security Council . "  In the years ahead , I look forward to a reformed U.N. Security Council that includes India as a permanent member , " he said in an address to the Indian parliament . The statement came as Obama made a wide-ranging address that envisioned closer economic and security ties between the United States and India , standing "  shoulder to shoulder " with the world 's largest democracy . In a swift reaction , Pakistan said it is discounting the possibility of such a development . The Foreign Ministry said that "  India 's aspirations for recognition as a global power notwithstanding , there are reasons enough to discredit this proposed direction of the process of UNSC reforms . " It cites "  India 's conduct in relations with its neighbors and its continued flagrant violations of Security Council resolutions on Jammu and Kashmir , " a disputed region that the nuclear rivals have fought about . Ben Rhodes , a top White House aide , told reporters before the speech that the Obama administration wants to "  send as clear a statement as possible " that the United States sees India as a "  rising player " on the international stage . But Rhodes said the United States is "  not getting into " details about the time frame in which the United States would like to see India get the permanent seat and whether it will push to get India veto power as well . Rhodes , a senior staffer on the National Security Council , said the president 's endorsement "  speaks volumes " about U.S. support for India and the administration will let the key details be "  hashed out " by the United Nations itself . At present , there are five permanent members -- the United States , Russia , China , Britain , and France . All have veto power . Actually getting India a permanent seat will not be easy . Obama administration officials acknowledged that they and previous administrations have supported Japan , Germany and Brazil at various times for permanent seats on the Security Council without any success so far . Before Monday 's announcement was made , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh alluded to the deal during a joint news conference before Obama 's speech to parliament in which he highlighted the close cooperation on major issues typically confronted by the United Nations . "  As states possessing nuclear weapons , we have today put forth a common vision of a world without nuclear weapons , and decided to lead global efforts for non-proliferation and universal and non-discriminatory global nuclear disarmament , " Singh said . "  This is a historic and bold bilateral initiative . We have also decided to strengthen cooperation to tackle nuclear terrorism , and we welcome U.S. participation in the Global Center for Nuclear Energy Partnership , which will be set up in India . " Pakistan , noting that reform is a "  difficult process and will take significant time , " said it hopes that the United States "  will take a moral view and not base itself on any temporary expediency or exigencies of power politics . " "  Pakistan believes that U.S endorsement of India 's bid for its permanent seat in the Security Council adds to the complexity of the process of reforms of the Council , " the Foreign Ministry 's written statement said . "  Pakistan 's position on U.N. Security Council 's reforms is based on principles . Any reform of the Council that contradicts the very fundamental principles of the U.N. Charter -- including the principle of sovereign equality ; of equal rights and self-determination ; and the principle of collective security -- would gravely undermine the system of international relations based on the U.N. Charter principles . " Obama , who mourned the deaths of American citizens in the November 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai and the killings of Indian citizens in the September , 11 , 2001 , strikes in the United States , said the shared bond is prompting both countries to work together to fight terrorism . He addressed the conflict in Afghanistan and Pakistan in his speech . "  America 's fight against al Qaeda and its terrorist affiliates is why we persevere in Afghanistan , where major development assistance from India has improved the lives of the Afghan people . " He said the United States is working with Pakistan to address the threat of terror networks , such as those in Pakistan that were responsible for the Mumbai attacks , and it welcomes "  dialogue " between the governments in New Delhi and Islamabad . "  The Pakistani government increasingly recognizes that these networks are not just a threat outside of Pakistan -- they are a threat to the Pakistani people , who have suffered greatly at the hands of violent extremists , " said Obama . "  And we will continue to insist to Pakistan 's leaders that terrorist safe-havens within their borders are unacceptable , and that the terrorists behind the Mumbai attacks be brought to justice . We must also recognize that all of us have an interest in both an Afghanistan and a Pakistan that is stable , prosperous and democratic -- and India has an interest in that as well . " Obama said India and the United States "  are now ready to begin implementing our civil nuclear agreement , " a measure he called a "  landmark " deal . At the same time , he talked about the importance of reducing the spread of nuclear weapons . "  The United States and India can pursue our goal of securing the world 's vulnerable nuclear material . We can make it clear that even as every nation has the right to peaceful nuclear energy , every nation must also meet its international obligations -- and that includes the Islamic Republic of Iran . " Obama also said Monday that "  the world can not remain silent " as "  peaceful democratic movements are suppressed , " citing the government of Myanmar , also known as Burma . "  For it is unacceptable to gun down peaceful protesters and incarcerate political prisoners decade after decade . It is unacceptable to hold the aspirations of an entire people hostage to the greed and paranoia of a bankrupt regime . It is unacceptable to steal an election , as the regime in Burma has done again for all the world to see , " he said . He said India should n't avoid condemning human rights violations . "  If I can be frank , in international fora , India has often shied away from some of these issues . But speaking up for those who can not do so for themselves is not interfering in the affairs of other countries . It 's not violating the rights of sovereign nations . It 's staying true to our democratic principles . " Obama hailed Mahatma Gandhi , who used peaceful non-violence to help India gain its independence , and he noted Gandhi 's influence on Martin Luther King and the non-violent resistance that typified the American civil rights movement . "  I am mindful that I might not be standing before you today , as president of the United States , had it not been for Gandhi and the message he shared and inspired with America and the world , " the president said . Obama lauded India 's rise on the world stage , saying that "  for Asia and around the world , India is not simply emerging ; India has already emerged " and he said the country is unleashing an "  economic marvel . " He envisions , he said , U.S.-Indian relations as "  one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century . " He said India has overcome critics who say the country was too poor , vast and diverse to succeed , citing its Green Revolution and investments in science and technology . "  The world sees the results , from the supercomputers you build to the Indian flag that you put on the moon . " Obama praised India 's democratic institutions : its free electoral system , independent judiciary , the rule of law , and free press . He said India and the United States have a unique link because they are democracies and free-market economies . "  When Indians vote , the whole world watches . Thousands of political parties . Hundreds of thousands of polling centers . Millions of candidates and poll workers , and 700 million voters . There 's nothing like it on the planet . There is so much that countries transitioning to democracy could learn from India 's experience ; so much expertise that India can share with the world . That , too , is what 's possible when the world 's largest democracy embraces its role as a global leader , " he said . Noting the country 's rise as a world power , Obama said he sees the United States cooperating with India in various international and regional alliances . He praised India 's role in the climate change negotiations and its role as a top contributor in U.N. peacekeeping missions . Obama talked about the two countries pursuing joint research efforts , such as starting green jobs . He talked about reducing barriers to foreign investments , helping India improve weather forecasting before monsoons and aiding families in saving water . He mentioned improved food processing and sharing India 's knowledge with African farmers , with support for India 's efforts to battle disease and increase educational exchanges .	Obama makes wide-ranging speech to parliament in New Delhi He welcomes talks between India and Pakistan The president notes Gandhi 's influence on Martin Luther King
China has smashed four child-trafficking rings and arrested more than a thousand people for using websites and instant messaging groups to trade babies , Chinese authorities said Friday . On February 19 , police from 27 provinces across China rescued 382 babies and arrested 1,094 people suspected of buying and selling infants online , China 's Ministry of Public Security said in a statement on its website . The sting was part of a six-month operation launched after police in Beijing and Jiangsu in eastern China received reports of a website promoting private adoptions . Potential buyers Further investigations uncovered a virtual black market -- involving four websites , online forums and some 30 groups on a popular Chinese messaging platform -- that connected traffickers with potential buyers . The ministry said some of the people arrested confessed to using the sites . According to local media reports , 27 suspects were arrested in the country 's southern Sichuan province , where 13 babies were also rescued . Another 43 suspects were arrested and 11 babies rescued in Anhui province , in eastern China . A woman arrested by police in Leshan , Sichuan admitted to buying two baby girls from Wuhan and Chengdu , in August 2013 and January 2014 , respectively , Chinese state broadcaster CCTV reported . Another couple in their 30s told CCTV they used a Chinese website to buy a baby from an expectant teenage couple in Chengdu . They paid 20,000 yuan  US$ 3,250  for the child . It is not known where the other arrests took place . Major concern Child trafficking has become a major concern in China , as traffickers seek to profit off a growing demand for healthy babies from potential adoptive parents both in China and beyond . Last month , a Chinese doctor received a suspended death sentence for selling babies to a trafficking ring . The woman , an obstetrician at a hospital in Shaanxi province in central China , sold seven babies in six separate cases after persuading her patients that their newborns were sick and should be given up , according to statements posted on the local court 's official microblog account . The ministry said its investigation into the online baby-trading networks is still ongoing . It did not say whether charges have been brought against any of the suspects , or if the trafficking extended beyond China .	China busts crime networks using the internet to sell babies , authorities say Police arrest 1,094 suspects and rescue 382 babies in the sting Local media say some arrests took place in Sichuan and Anhui provinces
CNN  -- British researchers say a new drug could effectively halt the progression of Alzheimer 's disease , offering hope to millions . The pioneering research -- a joint initiative between the University of Aberdeen in the UK and Singapore-based TauRx Therapeutics -- was announced this week at the Alzheimer 's Association International Conference on Alzheimer 's Disease  ICAD 2008  in Chicago . The product -- remberTM -- is the first drug to act on the "  tangles " discovered by Alois Alzheimer over a century ago . Tangles are made up of the protein , tau , which forms inside nerve cells in the brain . According to Aberdeen University , the drug works by dissolving these tau fibers to prevent a build up of tangles which destroy nerve cells and neurons critical for memory . Trials were carried out on 321 people with mild and moderate Alzheimer 's disease in the UK and Singapore . Patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer 's disease were given either 30 , 60 or 100mg of the drug or a placebo . The 60mg dose produced the most pronounced effect , with those with both mild and moderate Alzheimer 's experiencing an 81 percent reduction in mental decline after 50 weeks . Those on rember did not experience a significant decline in their mental function over 19 months , while those on placebo got worse . Brain imaging data also showed that the drug had its biggest effect in the memory critical parts of the brain where the tangle density is highest . In a statement on the university 's Web site , Professor Claude Wischik , Chairman of TauRx Therapeutics and Professor of Psychiatric Geratology and Old Age Psychiatry at the University of Aberdeen 's Institute of Medical Sciences , who led the research , said : "  This is an unprecedented result in the treatment of Alzheimer 's disease . "  We have demonstrated for the first time that it may possible to arrest the progression of this disease by targeting the tangles which are highly correlated with the disease . " Professor Clive Ballard , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , told the British Press Association : "  This is a major new development in the fight against dementia . "  It suggests the drug could be over twice as affective as any treatment that is currently available . " If further trials prove successful , the drug could be available by 2012 .	Announced at Alzheimer 's Association International Conference in Chicago remberTM is first drug to act on the "  tangles " discovered by Alois Alzheimer Tangles destroy nerve cells and neurons critical for memory If further trials prove successful , the drug could be available by 2012
CNN  -- The U.S. ambassador to Islamabad was summoned to Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Saturday , a day after Pakistan Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed by a U.S. drone strike . Foreign Ministry spokesman Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry did not explain why the envoy was summoned . A U.S. State Department official confirmed the meeting to CNN but would not disclose details about it . The State Department official would not discuss U.S. operations in Pakistan but stressed the Pakistan Taliban 's 2009 attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan and claims of responsibility for a failed attempt to bomb Times Square in New York . The official was not authorized to speak publicly and is not being named by CNN . Pakistan : Peace talks will go ahead Pakistani Information Minister Pervez Rasheed insisted that Mehsud 's death would not delay proposed peace talks between the government and the Pakistan Taliban , amid concern that anger about the strike might derail the process . Rasheed condemned the use of drones in Pakistan . "  Drones are used for killing , but they will not let the peace process be killed with it , " the minister told reporters . Mehsud , who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head for his alleged involvement in the 2009 attack , was killed in a drone strike in northwestern Pakistan on Friday , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials told CNN . He was buried overnight , though the body was burned beyond recognition , Taliban sources said . The organization was scheduled to meet Saturday to pick a new leader , the sources said . The Afghan Taliban condemned the drone strike as "  cowardly " and "  barbaric " in a statement posted on its website Saturday , the SITE intelligence group said . The statement urged the Pakistani government and people to take measures to stop the attacks . A new leader ? No official announcement has yet been made on who will be the new chief for the Pakistan Taliban . But a number of names have emerged , as different factions and individuals jockey for position . Saleem Mehsud , a journalist who is close to the Mehsuds and familiar with the Pakistan Taliban , told CNN on Saturday that the central shura , or council , of the Pakistan Taliban has approved Sheheryar Mehsud as its new chief . Sheheryar Mehsud is from the Jangara area of South Waziristan and belongs to the Shabikheil sub-tribe within the larger Mehsud tribe , he said . That 's the same sub-tribe that Baitullah Mehsud , who led the Pakistan Taliban before Hakimullah Mehsud , belonged to . Sheheryar Mehsud , who 's 33 years old , has been involved in fighting in Kashmir and Afghanistan , he said . Pakistan braces for reprisals There are fears the killing of Hakimullah Mehsud may spark a surge in violence . This is in part because the attack in Afghanistan in 2009 -- in which seven U.S. citizens died -- was launched in response to the strike that killed Baitullah Mehsud four months earlier . The Haqqani Network , designated by the United States as a terrorist organization , vowed to avenge Meshud 's death . Spokesman Ahmed Yousaf said the group will launch attacks within a few days . The network is blamed for more than 1,000 U.S. casualties in Afghanistan . Security around Peshawar , the capital city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northwest Pakistan , is being beefed up as police and security brace for reprisal attacks , Home Secretary Akhtar Ali Shah said . "  Since this drone strike , we are waiting for a reaction , " he said . "  We know the reaction will be strong . We have strengthened security in Peshawar , especially at the entry points in to the city . We have extra security on patrol with sniffer dogs . " Strike hit Taliban stronghold Three other people were killed in Friday 's strike , Pakistani intelligence sources and tribal officials said . They described the incident as a suspected U.S. drone strike in a remote area of Pakistan 's North Waziristan region , a Taliban stronghold bordering Afghanistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . One missile hit a compound , and another struck a car nearby , the Pakistani sources said . This is not the first time Hakimullah Mehsud -- who took the reins of the Pakistan Taliban in 2009 -- has been reported killed after a drone strike . In February 2010 , multiple sources said he had died after being hit in a drone strike in Pakistan a month earlier . But reports that he was alive surfaced in April of that year , and in May 2010 he appeared in a video in which he vowed attacks on major U.S. cities . The fact that senior Pakistani government officials have commented so quickly on the news of his death this time adds credence to the reports . Pakistan Taliban claimed Times Square plot The Pakistan Taliban , which has long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , claimed responsibility for the December 2009 suicide bombing at the United States ' Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . Five CIA officers were among the seven U.S. citizens killed , and a member of Jordanian intelligence also died . The U.S. Justice Department charged Hakimullah Mehsud in the summer of 2010 for his alleged involvement in the attack , and U.S. officials offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . The group also claimed responsibility for a failed May 2010 attempt to detonate a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . The following September , the U.S. State Department designated the Pakistan Taliban a foreign terrorist organization . Mehsud took over from Baitullah Mehsud , a fellow clan member , in 2009 after the latter was killed in a U.S. drone strike . Peace prospects Hakimullah Mehsud 's death could make progress in proposed peace talks between the Pakistani government and Pakistan Taliban more difficult . A relatively young and charismatic leader , he held together a disparate group with different tribal and other allegiances . There had reportedly been talks about him being involved in peace talks with Pakistan 's government . His killing may upset some elements within the Pakistan Taliban if they believe that the Pakistani government was involved . The Pakistan Taliban could also pose an increased security threat if it splinters into smaller groups , which could be harder for security forces to detect . There has been a series of suicide bombings in the region over the past couple of years . CNN 's Shaista Aziz and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official stresses Pakistan Taliban ties to 2009 attack and Times Square plot U.S. and Pakistani officials say Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud died in a drone strike Haqqani terror group vows attacks within a few days Government peace talks with the Pakistan Taliban will not be delayed , minister says
CNN  -- Unprecedented demonstrations sweeping the Middle East and North Africa spread Wednesday to Libya , where police clashed with anti-government protesters in the coastal city of Benghazi , an independent source told CNN . About 200 protesters came out to show support for human rights activist and lawyer Fathi Terbil , who had been detained earlier , the source said . Several people were arrested after police confronted the protesters , the source added . But Libya -- ruled by Moammar Gadhafi since 1969 -- is not Egypt , said a highly placed Libyan source close to the government who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to talk to the media . "  There is nothing serious here , " he said . "  These are just young people fighting each other . " Driven by discontent and fueled by social media , protests in the region spread this week not just to Libya but to Iran and Bahrain . Anti-government sentiment has also manifested itself on the streets of Algeria , Jordan , Syria and Yemen . In Yemen , Sanaa University students protested Wednesday , calling for an improved curriculum , but the demonstration rapidly morphed into an anti-government stand . Participants said government supporters outside the university gates hurled rocks , but the situation stayed under control . It was at least the sixth day that scuffles had broken out between the government 's supporters and foes . Activist Abdul Rahman Barman said three anti-government protesters were injured when government supporters attacked them after the demonstration . One had to be hospitalized for head injuries , he said . Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in power for 32 years but has pledged not to run for re-election when his current term ends in 2013 . In nearby Bahrain , thousands of people marched in a peaceful funeral procession for Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima , who was killed when clashes erupted during the funeral for another protester . They camped out at the Pearl Roundabout , a landmark in the capital , Manama , that has been adopted by protesters as their Tahrir Square , the epicenter of Egypt 's revolution . A massive pearl sits at the apex of a circle of inward-sweeping arches , and Wednesday , Bahrainis camped out at its base and painted anti-government slogans . Later in the day , flag-waving pro-government demonstrators were out in Manama and the second largest city of Muharraq . New York Times journalist Nicholas Kristof said security forces have backed off after "  a concerted deliberate effort to use a truly stunning amount of force . " "  Now that the regime has backed off , it 's a little hard to say where things will go , " Kristof told CNN . "  It is possible that ... there will be some kind of truce and agreement to have more democracy , some more concessions . " Large crowds showed up for a funeral as well in the Iranian capital , where 26-year-old Saneh Jaleh was laid to rest . Iranian authorities said Jaleh belonged to the pro-government Basij militia and was shot to death by the outlawed People 's Mujahedeen of Iran . But some of Jaleh 's acquaintances disputed that account , and Jaleh 's funeral strangely drew both supporters and foes of the Islamic regime , which has cracked down on dissent even though it publicly praised Egyptians for toppling President Hosni Mubarak . International journalists are barred from covering Iran 's unrest , but a protester told CNN that police fired tear gas and beat people with batons . Sara , whose full name has been withheld for security reasons , said she was risking her safety to march on the streets because Jaleh was part of Iran 's reformist Green Movement . "  We are not allowing his blood to go to waste , " she said . "  I am doing this for him . " In the place that gave rise to the spirit of the region 's freedom movement , changes were still slowly unfolding . Tunisia lifted its midnight-until-4 a.m. curfew , though a state of emergency remains intact , the state-run Tunis Afrique Presse said . Weeks of demonstrations forced the ouster of longtime President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in January . "  Tunisia now after the revolution of its population is now searching for its independence , " said Lazhar Samali , an engineer who protested against the government . "  It 's a sovereign state , and Tunisia has in its own hands its destiny . " The end of Ben Ali 's 23-year rule inspired Egyptians , and then others , to rise up for their rights . Last Friday , after 18 days of mass demonstrations in Egypt , Mubarak stepped down , leaving the nation in the hands of its powerful military . CNN 's Tim Lister , Mohammed Jamjoom , Jenifer Fenton and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Source : Several people arrested after police confronted protesters in Benghazi , Libya In Yemen , calls for better curriculum turns into an anti-government protest In Bahrain , protesters camp out at a landmark In Iran , thousands turn out for a funeral of man claimed by both sides
CNN  -- Egypt 's antiquities minister , Zahi Hawass , said Friday he plans to step down to protest police inaction as the country 's ancient treasures are being looted and vandalized . "  The police can not do enough , or anything to protect Egypt 's antiquities and treasures , and I ca n't stand by while that happens , " he said . "  It is a protest really , that not enough can be done now to protect these sites and treasures . " Hawass said two dozen sites have been looted or vandalized since the uprising that led to the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak . Hawass said he has not resigned yet but will if asked by new Prime Minister Essam Sharaf . Sharaf , a former transport minister tapped to be the post this week , is in the process of forming a new Cabinet . Hawass said he does not intend to be a part of it . "  I have no interest in doing that at all , " he said . Hawass , former secretary-general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , was appointed to the post of the antiquities minister on January 30 under Mubarak .	Hawass : The police can not do enough to protect Egypt 's treasures He says two dozen sites have been looted or vandalized in recent days "  I have no interest " in joining the new Cabinet , he says He was appointed to the post by Mubarak
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U.S. safety officials have recalled about 4.2 million Chinese-made Aqua Dots bead toys that contain a chemical that has caused some children to vomit and become comatose after swallowing them . Bindeez , which were named Australia 's toy of the year , contain a chemical that converts into a "  date rape " drug . Scientists have found the popular toy 's coating contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic "  date rape " drug GHB , or gamma-hydroxy butyrate , U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission spokesman Scott Wolfson told CNN . "  GHB is this drug that in low doses actually causes euphoria , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  In higher doses , it can cause people to go into a coma . It can cause seizures . It can cause something known as hypotonia , where all your muscles just become very flaccid . "  And it can cause people to become amnestic , ... which is why it became a date-rape drug , " Gupta said . "  So this is nasty stuff , and it appears that the chemical is actually converting into it in the body . " The arts and craft beads , aimed at children 4 years and older , have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores as "  Aqua Dots " and in Australia under the name "  Bindeez Beads . " CPSC spokeswoman Julie Vallese said anyone with Aqua Dots at home should immediately take the toy away from children and contact distributor Spin Master Ltd. to return for free replacement beads or a toy of equal value . For additional information , contact Spin Master at 1-800-622-8339 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET , Monday through Friday . The toy was named toy of the year in Australia and recently made Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 's list of top 12 Christmas toys . Wal-Mart on Thursday listed Aqua Dots on its Web site as "  out of stock online " and had removed them from its top toy list . Toronto-based Spin Master stopped shipping Aqua Dots and asked retailers to pull them off their shelves , where they had sold for $ 17 to $ 30 . Watch what 's known about the beads " Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. recalled Bindeez Beads on Tuesday after three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the beads and were hospitalized . "  I was so frightened because I thought she was n't going to make it , " Heather Lehane told CNN affiliate Network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , Charlotte , who was sickened by the beads . In the United States , the Washington-based safety commission said it has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads . The CPSC said a boy nearly 2 years old "  swallowed several dozen beads . He became dizzy and vomited several times before slipping into a comatose state . " The toddler was hospitalized and has since fully recovered , the commission added . In the second incident , a child vomited , fell into a coma and was hospitalized for five days . It was not immediately clear whether the child had made a full recovery . The recall is the latest to target Chinese-made toys . See if your child has any recalled toys " Last month , U.S. government safety officials and retailers recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause lead poisoning . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Janine Brady , Jason Carroll , Laura Dolan , Julie O'Neill and Leslie Wiggins contributed to this report .	NEW : Distributor provides phone number for return and replacement Children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures Toys are sold as Aqua Dots in the U.S. , as Bindeez Beads in Australia Three children were hospitalized in Australia after swallowing large quantities
Washington  CNN  -- On Tuesday , President Barack Obama will present his fourth State of the Union address , the 224th in the nation 's history . However , this will be only the 80th time a president has delivered the speech before Congress -- earlier presidents routinely delivered a written message to be read to Congress . Here are some firsts from past State of the Union addresses : First African-American : Obama is the only African-American to have addressed a joint session or joint meeting of Congress . Over the years , several black speakers from other countries have addressed a joint meeting of Congress . Notable examples are Nelson Mandela in 1990 and 1994 and Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in 2006 . By the Numbers : State of the Union Records : Although Woodrow Wilson holds the record for most speeches delivered before Congress with 26 , Franklin Roosevelt holds the record for the most State of the Union/annual message addresses with 12 . Ten were in person , and two were in writing -- one of those he read over the radio from the White House as a "  fireside chat . " Speechless : Two presidents never prepared any type of State of the Union or annual message : William Henry Harrison and James Garfield . Harrison died after only 32 days in office ; Garfield after only 199 days . On the radio : The first of the annual messages broadcast nationally on radio was Calvin Coolidge 's speech on December 6 , 1923 . A year earlier , Warren Harding 's annual message was broadcast on radio to a very limited audience , including the first lady , who listened from the White House while recovering from an illness . John King : Why State of the Union might do little to fix divided Washington On TV : The first televised State of the Union was delivered by Harry Truman on January 6 , 1947 . Prime time : The first prime-time State of the Union was delivered on January 4 , 1965 , when Lyndon Johnson moved the speech from its traditional midday time slot to the evening to attract a larger television audience . Online : The first State of the Union to be webcast live on the Internet was George W. Bush 's 2002 address . High-def : The first high-definition TV State of the Union broadcast was Bush 's 2004 address . 8 memorable State of the Union moments Postponed : The first and only postponement of a State of the Union occurred in 1986 . Ronald Reagan was scheduled to deliver his address on January 28 , 1986 -- the same day the Space Shuttle Challenger exploded . Reagan instead addressed the nation from the Oval Office that night on the tragedy and the State of the Union was delayed a week . The longest : Bill Clinton 's 2000 address , which clocked in at 1 hour , 28 minutes and 49 seconds , according to the American Presidency Project at the University of California at Santa Barbara . Written annual messages were usually very long , with Jimmy Carter , William Howard Taft and Truman submitting the longest . The shortest : George Washington 's 1790 address was only 833 words and is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes . Highlights from past addresses	Obama is only African-American to address joint session or joint meeting of Congress The first high-definition TV broadcast of the State of the Union was in 2004 First televised State of the Union was Harry Truman 's 1947 address George Washington 's 1790 address is believed to have lasted less than 10 minutes
CNN  -- Critical water pipelines are breaking from coast to coast , triggered by this summer 's record high temperatures . It 's not a phenomenon or coincidence , experts say . It 's a clear sign that Americans should brace for more water interruptions , accompanied by skyrocketing water bills . The heat wave of the past few weeks has burst hundreds of crucial pipes in California , Kansas , Oklahoma , Texas , Indiana , Kentucky and New York , temporarily shutting off water to countless consumers just when they needed it most . "  It 's one of the worst summers , " said Debbie Ragan of Oklahoma City 's Utilities Department . As days of 100 degree-plus temperatures bake the region , the utility reports 685 water main breaks since July alone . That 's an estimated rate of four times normal . To keep up with repairs , Ragan said , workers have been putting in 12-to 16-hour shifts 24/7 . "  It 's the heat and the high water usage , " Ragan said . High temperatures can dry soil so that it shrinks away from buried pipes . Increased water usage raises pressure inside the water lines . Both factors add strain to pipeline walls , making older pipes more susceptible to bursting . It underscores the fact that much of the nation 's underground water lines are 80 to 100 years old -- and approaching the end of their lives . Experts call it America 's "  Replacement Era , " when hundreds of water utilities nationwide will be forced to replace their aging infrastructure -- or suffer the consequences . Who will probably have to pay for those hundreds of thousands of miles of new pipelines ? Utility customers , industry experts say . Water rates ranked for 50 cities For towns like Kemp , Texas , population 1,150 , the situation reached emergency levels this week . A historic drought throughout Texas has left Kemp with what Mayor Donald Kile described as "  cracks so big in the ground , you could lose a small dog in them . " Fourteen major water line breaks August 7 emptied water towers and forced Kemp to shut off water service until Tuesday , officials said . The mayor blamed the crisis on 80-year-old pipelines and high demand as temperatures rose above 100 degrees for 37 straight days . Texas town turns off water , leaving residents boiling mad It 's even worse in the Texas town of Robert Lee . The hellish heat has left its entire reservoir dry as a bone . Community leaders are considering trucking water in from elsewhere or laying a 12-mile pipeline to connect to water in a nearby town . Get ready for more of the same , environmentalists say . Shifting climate change in the coming decades , they warn , will probably bring more droughts , record high temperatures and other weather conditions that will damage water infrastructure . Texas town threatened by dried-out reservoir Options to ensure water for small towns like these are few and expensive , ranging from building larger reservoirs to connecting their water systems to utilities in nearby areas . "  That kind of interconnection might be life-saving for that community , " said Tom Curtis of the American Water Works Association . But the expense of laying miles of pipe may be too much for many utilities to handle . Town turns sewer water into drinking water Three facts hammer home the scary status of the nation 's water infrastructure :  The nation averages about 700 water main breaks nationwide each day , according to the EPA .  U.S. water utilities lose an average of about 10 % of their water -- worth $ 2.8 billion per year -- through leaks and other causes , according the EPA .  The American Society of Civil Engineers grades the water infrastructure at a D minus . "  We 've gotten so good at capturing and transporting water that we 've really started to take it for granted , " said Alex Prud ` homme , author of "  The Ripple Effect , " about the nation 's declining water infrastructure . "  We had better start looking ahead and repairing our water infrastructure , because with the pressure from climate change , population growth , shifting demographics and the way we use water , the problem is only going to get worse rather than better . " Skyrocketing water bills mystify , anger residents Searching for answers with technology Inside a control room in the nation 's capital , not far from the Potomac River , experts are hoping technology will solve this problem . The room is filled with multiple monitors displaying brightly colored graphs . "  It looks like we should be launching rockets into space , " said George Hawkins , general manager of Washington , D.C. 's Water and Sewer Authority . The room helps stand guard over the city 's 13,000 miles of water pipes and 42,000 valves . Strategically placed sensors detect leaks ranging from a trickle to full-blown water main bursts . Data about the breach are sent from these sensors to the control room , and technicians respond immediately . This allows the utility to more quickly and easily identify aging pipes and valves before they blow . "  The highest cost we face is digging up the street on an emergency basis any time of day or night -- often overtime , " Hawkins said . The cost of replacing these aging systems is stunning . Hawkins recalls a major water main break last year along the National Mall that flooded parts of buildings housing the Internal Revenue Service and Justice Department . The burst pipe buckled Constitution Avenue by about a foot and cost almost $ 1 million in repairs and restoration . Smart water meters have slashed monthly meter readings from $ 3 per customer to just pennies . When these meters show a spike in customer 's water use , the utility sends an e-mail to alert customers that they may have a leak . The technology is credited with cutting water leaks from 36 percent to 22 percent , saving customers even more . "  Quadruple hit " The Replacement Era is going to be expensive . The EPA estimated that between 2007 and 2027 , drinking water utilities will have to invest $ 334 billion on new infrastructure . The problem is worsened by the timing of it all . There 's budget-cutting talk at the local , state and federal level . Hawkins called it a "  quadruple hit . " "  I do n't see that there 's any way , other than rate increases for most cities given the size of the financial need , " Hawkins said . "  If we 're not able in parallel to demonstrate how we 're efficiently using the dollars we 're collecting , I think this industry is in for huge challenges with our customers . " Water officials in Pittsburgh are considering raising rates more than 13 % for infrastructure improvements . In Cleveland , authorities increased water fees for the same reason . Leaders in Baltimore took similar action . "  With this increase , we can either stop drinking water , stop showering , stop doing the laundry or get out of the city , " complained a reader on CNN affiliate WBAL 's website . "  The mayor and City Council need to realize that we along with other homeowners are the tax base , and if we leave , they 're up the creek ! " In Southern California , Los Angeles water officials are thinking about raising rates to replace thousands of miles of decaying water pipes . The city of Indianapolis is trying something different . Hoping to save yearly operating costs by combining utilities , the city shifted control of its water and sewer system to a not-for-profit trust that also runs the local natural gas . It will free up $ 425 million in city funds that could be used for other expenses . "  Taxpayers have been unwilling to look at the long-term , " Prud ` homme said . "  But taxes and water rates go to maintaining this very important infrastructure that we take for granted , and if you 're not willing to pay those fees and taxes , then you 'll eventually suffer the consequences . " National water dialogue Those consequences , some warn , include shifting weather patterns due to global climate change . Hotter summers and fluctuating water levels in lakes and oceans due to climate change will damage water and sewer systems in the coming decades , according to a new report from the Natural Resources Defense Council . "  I 'm not hearing any outrage , " Prud ` homme said . "  I kind of feel like the crazy person on the roof yelling and shouting and saying , ` hey , everybody we 've got to wake up and pay attention to this , ' especially when it comes to our dams and levees . " In a year that has seen historic flooding in several Midwestern and Southern states along the Ohio and Mississippi rivers , Prud ` homme says , he thought the levee failures during Hurricane Katrina would have prompted more alarm about flood defenses . "  More than 100 levees are at risk of catastrophic failure , " he said . "  And this is from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . " Prud ` homme fears that U.S. water issues are so threatening , sweeping policy changes are needed . He 's calling for a national dialogue focusing on water infrastructure issues . "  We have no single federal office that 's overseeing the nation 's water supply , " Prud ` homme said . "  There are n't really any easy answers to this , but these are issues that we have to tackle . "	Heat wave blamed for water pipeline bursts from California to New York Experts : It 's a sign that sweeping replacement is needed for U.S. water pipelines Cost of new water infrastructure $ 334 billion through 2027 , EPA says Many U.S. utilities are already requesting rate increases to pay for new pipelines
Boston  CNN  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's bombs tore through their bodies : singeing flesh , shattering bones , shredding muscles and severing limbs . But on Tuesday , jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead . Now that he has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide whether Boston Marathon bomber Tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done . This is the victim impact part of the case , and the testimony was heartbreaking . Four young people are gone , and grief fills the spaces they once occupied . A father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called "  Princess . " "  Krystle was the light of my life . She was extremely smart , hardworking , beautiful , every father 's dream . I miss her a lot , " said William A. Campbell Sr. , dabbing at his eyes as he described his daughter , a 29-year-old restaurant manager who was killed in the first blast at the 2013 Boston Marathon . She was the one who could round up the family and put on big celebrations , he said . "  Nobody fills that boot now . " Others are expected to come and cry for Lingzi Lu , "  a jolly soul , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Nadine Pellegrini said , quoting the slain Chinese grad student 's father . More tears will be shed for Martin Richard , who was 8 and looked just like his dad . And for Sean Collier , who was remembered at his memorial service by these words : "  Big heart , big smiles , big service . All love . " "  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev murdered each one of them in a way that they had time to feel pain , they had time to be scared and frightened , but they had no time to say good-bye , " Pellegrini told the jury . "  And that is the very essence of terror . " Timeline of bombings , manhunt and aftermath To understand the toll Tsarnaev 's bombs took , jurors must know the stories of his victims , the prosecutor said . "  These young women , this young man and this little boy , all of them were loved and they loved in return , " Pellegrini said . "  Before he murdered them in some of the cruelest ways imaginable , they were sons , they were daughters , they were grandchildren , they were brothers and they were sisters . " Jurors saw photograph after photograph of smiling , happy people with arms around siblings at weddings and birthday parties and family gatherings . There was the photo of Campbell as a little girl in a red tap-dancing outfit . And then came the one that made her father smile through his tears . She was a little older and wearing a baseball uniform . "  She traded that in for a bat , " Campbell said . "  She was n't really a girly girl , but she loved to whitewater , camp , play baseball . She had a good arm on her . I was very proud of her . " By contrast , jurors also were left with an indelible image of Tsarnaev , taken when he was in a holding cell in the very courthouse where the trial is being held . It is dated July 10 , 2013 -- the day of his arraignment on charges he deliberately set off the deadly bombs at the Boston Marathon . He glares into the camera defiantly , his middle finger raised in a profane salute . "  This is Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , unconcerned , unrepentant and unchanged , " Pellegrini said . "  Without remorse , he remains untouched by the grief and the loss that he caused . " Tsarnaev saw the people he killed as "  the enemy , " she said . As a result , two women and a man never reached the age of 30 , and a little boy never made it to the third grade . "  He knew they were innocents . He even called them that , " Pellegrini added , referring to the message Tsarnaev scrawled onto the sides of a boat where he hid from police after the bombings . "  But it did n't stop him from murdering them . " The people who were maimed by Tsarnaev 's bombs are also testifying during the sentencing phase of the trial as prosecutors try to show the impact on victims of the attacks . The stories they told on the witness stand were even more gripping and horrific than the stories told during the guilt phase of Tsarnaev 's trial . When the first of the two bombs went off , Gillian Reny , a senior in high school , was standing near the woman she came to know was Krystle Campbell . "  There was a complete , utter chilling silence and then chaos . Chaos like I 'd never seen and never hope to see again , " she said . The force of the blast knocked her to the ground . When she looked around , she saw blood and muscle everywhere . Her shin bone had snapped and was protruding . "  Muscle was everywhere . It was the most horrifying image I could imagine . Just seeing that on my own body , " she said , and began to cry . "  I remember looking around and it just seemed like there were bodies everywhere , blood everywhere . " Were you bleeding ? she was asked . "  Yes , enormously . Looking down at the blood I was just shocked that much blood could come out of someone , " she said . "  I was terrified that I was going to die . I did not know that I could be that injured and survive . " She said she began to scream . Her bone-chilling cries could be heard on a video played in court -- the most graphic of many graphic images the jury has been shown . Doctors were able to save Reny 's leg , but others were n't so lucky . Celeste Corcoran lost both legs , one below the knee and the other above the knee . An amputation above the knee is the most difficult injury to recover from , jurors have learned at this trial . Corcoran was at the finish line , waiting for her sister to cross . "  And then our whole world just exploded , " she said . "  I unfortunately remember every single detail . " She remembers being knocked to the ground , hearing nothing and then screams , and seeing blood everywhere . "  It 's kind of hard to explain but I want to get it right for all of you to understand , " she told the jury . She said it was "  a surreal , out-of-body experience . " She remembers thinking , "  What was that ? " and wishing she could turn back time by five minutes . Her husband bent over her and told her it was a terrorist attack . By then , she began to feel pain worse than anything she had imagined . She wondered if she would die . "  It hurt too much . I just did n't care , " she said . "  I remember thinking I was going to die , that no one could go through that much pain . I knew it was very bad and I was thinking , ` Is this it ? Am I going to die ? ' I remember thinking I wanted to die . The pain was too much . I wanted to die . " And then , she said , "  the mom in me " took over . She remembers telling herself : " ` Hell no , I do n't want to die . I have too much living to do . Do n't let this be the end . This ca n't be the end . ' " She remembers feeling relief once she arrived at the hospital , even as she signed the form authorizing doctors to take both her legs . "  Can I get on with my life ? Absolutely , " she said . But she can never forget she 's a double amputee . "  There 's always a level of discomfort . Right now I 'm not comfortable , " she said from the witness stand . "  The bottoms of my limbs , there 's this constant numb burning sensation . The only way I can describe it is it 's like you have the worst athlete 's foot in my life . " Sometimes , she feels a stabbing sensation where her toes and calves used to be . "  You do n't realize until you 're a double amputee how many dips and hills and inclines there are , " she said . "  Inclines are very hard . " Daily life is literally an uphill battle . Opinion : What Tsarnaev deserves CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The sentencing phase in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial begins in a federal court in Boston Prosecutor shows pictures of the four victims and Tsarnaev flipping his middle finger Victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives
CNN  -- Bill Coleman 's business in New Orleans was looted during Hurricane Katrina . Now , Hurricane Isaac threatens to bombard the region with heavy wind and rain on Katrina 's anniversary . He may have to close up shop again until the storm passes and , if necessary , power is restored . But this father of two and grandfather of one said he is "  not concerned . " "  Katrina was a once-in-a-lifetime event , " the owner of Coleman 's Retail Store told CNN Monday , noting that forecasters are n't predicting Katrina-like catastrophic conditions for the city he 's lived in his whole life . Also , "  We have a vastly improved police department , " Coleman said . "  A much higher level of conduct is expected . ... There have been a lot of positive changes . " "  The city was under siege " during Katrina , with a "  total breakdown of society , " he said . Now , "  it 's just a different city . " Coleman is n't alone in his outlook and relatively relaxed state about the impending storm . Jerry Amato feels confident that his restaurant , just a couple of blocks from the water , wo n't be flooded . Preparing for Isaac , state by state "  I just do n't think it 's going to be strong enough -- but I 'm not weatherman , " he said . When the storms come through , he 'll "  just lock the door " to Mother 's Restaurant and wait out the storm , he said . He does n't think it 'll be long before he reopens so the establishment -- which closed down for months in 2005 -- can resume serving the "  world 's best baked ham . " It has n't closed yet . Amato planned to "  wait until the last minute to decide whether to pull the trigger , " but now he faces "  a quagmire . " He would n't mind staying open longer , but since schools are closing , his employees need to leave . "  They have to stay home and take care of the kids . " Thomas Blais , manager of the upscale men 's shoe shop Allen Edmonds at New Orleans ' Canal Place mall , said his and other shops were closing Monday "  because our families need to get home to prepare their houses for the storm . " But he , too , is "  not overly " concerned about Isaac . While the mall experienced looting and fires during Katrina , he does n't expect a repeat . It 's a "  considerably smaller storm , " Blais notes , and he expects the authorities to keep order . In fact , there 's something Blais looks forward to if the power goes out . Disaster dining : How to stay safe and fed during a storm "  Neighbors will get together and have one big barbecue . As soon as we lose power , we 're going to start cooking out the food in all the refrigerators . " If the streets are too wet , there are "  rooftops , terraces , courtyards that are kind of covered , " Blais said . "  It 's wonderful after the storm , when everybody comes out and starts talking , drinking , and hanging out . "  That 's the good part about the storms -- it brings neighbors together . " Coleman said those neighborly feelings have grown in recent years . "  I think we 've got a really a much improved and a much higher level of thought and spirit in the city . There 's much more unity . " The seeds of that came in Katrina 's wake , he said . "  In some ways there was a lot of good that came from Katrina . I 'm still very emotional about it . It changed my whole life . "  It brought out some of the very best in America . " Share photos and videos of Isaac	The owner of a business looted during Katrina says New Orleans is now "  a different city " A restaurant owner 's quagmire : No employees because schools are closing The manager of a store in a mall looted during Katrina looks forward to a cookout
CNN  -- Last week , powerhouse wedding gown designer Vera Wang announced that she and her husband of 23 years , Arthur Becker , were separating . "  Vera Wang and Arthur Becker have mutually and amicably agreed to separate . They remain devoted parents to their two daughters , " Mario Grauso , the president of the Vera Wang Group , said in a statement to CNN . The couple married in 1989 when Wang was a design director at Ralph Lauren and Becker was a stockbroker at Bear Stearns & Co. . Before her tenure at Ralph Lauren , Wang worked at Vogue magazine for more than 15 years . Wang , 63 , launched her label in 1990 , a year after her own wedding , with a prestigious Madison Avenue address on New York City 's Upper East Side . She opened Bridal House Ltd. , as it was called at the time , because she noticed something was missing from bridal gowns during her own wedding planning : art . Tamara Albu , an associate professor of fashion design at Parsons The New School of Design , said Wang revolutionized the way people looked at the wedding gown ; she upped the sophistication and made the gown an expression of a state of mind , not just a marker of a special occasion . "  She understands women who embrace fashion . In her case , she markets the wedding gown as a personification of love and beauty , not herself , " she said . However , Wang 's recent announcement has caused speculation as to whether her fairy-tale aesthetic will be affected by her own not-so-happily-ever-after ending . Wang 's empire has grown into a multitiered , multimillion-dollar effort , a marriage of ready-to-wear and sportswear , as well as bedding , eyewear , fragrance , stationery , luggage , footwear , tableware and flower collections . Ivanka Trump , Chelsea Clinton and Victoria Beckham are just a few of the influential people who have said "  I do " donning Vera Wang . Nowadays , designers sell a lifestyle , and with it , their clothes and accessories . Diane von Furstenberg is renowned for her iconic wrap dress and signature prints for the ever-sassy career woman -- embodying the DVF label . Donatella Versace is synonymous with over-the-top prints and unabashed sexiness , fitting for her brand 's Miami jet-set look . For Wang , it was romanticism . "  Vera Wang is a magnificent designer who has created a unique aspirational world that alludes to sensuality and youthful sophistication . Exquisite details , intricate draping and a nonchalant sense of style characterize the Vera Wang aesthetic , " Albu said . Does the end of Wang 's marriage mean her enchanted empire is in danger ? Albu says not necessarily . Wang 's Fall 2012 bridal collection departed from the typical matrimonial hues of white and ivory and included several black wedding dresses , while her spring 2013 bridal collection was emblazoned with scarlet-hued gowns . Both are creative decisions Albu says could have been foretelling of Wang 's own marital woes . "  I think there is something there . This did n't occur overnight and  is  , in a way , a symbolic gesture . Creative people do take their inspiration from everywhere , including their own personal life , " Albu said . However , fashion experts like Albu also say Wang 's customers are looking for their own fantasy -- not trying to mimic the designer 's . "  Without doubt , every bride has her own fantasy about her own wedding . Does this fantasy include the personal life of her dress designer ? I do n't think so , " Albu said . "  It is about a dream and an image and not a projection of someone that is instrumental in setting the stage , " she said . Molly R. Leis , who owns the retail marketing firm MRL Communications , agrees Wang 's personal life wo n't drive away sales because she never made it a part of the story . "  The Vera Wang brand does not sell her personal love story nor her marriage , but the soul of a New Yorker dedicated to offering women a luxury lifestyle brand , " said Leis , who is also a former director of marketing for Saks Fifth Avenue New York . "  Vera sells a lifestyle beyond the wedding . The dream she sells is that of an ambitious , driven , determined woman destined for success . She is often photographed and interviewed alone without mention or sight of her husband , " she said . Reports have indicated that Becker , a successful businessman , played a significant role in expanding the Vera Wang brand , and neither party has commented on how their marital split might affect the company 's operations . But for customers devoted to Wang 's designs , it does n't change the bottom line . Alli Sosna of Washington , D.C. , will walk down the aisle on June 8 , 2013 , in a Wang gown . The 27-year-old says she did n't , and still does n't , consider the designer 's personal life in her decision . "  I saw myself comfortable in my own skin , in a well-fitted elegant dress on a very important day in my life , " Sosna said . "  The design spoke to me , not the artist 's marital status , but what she stands for . If anything , her dresses are probably going to get better since she will be back on the market and falling in love again . " And if there 's anything popular culture loves more than a fairy tale , it 's a second chance at love . Are your fashion buying decisions influenced by a designer 's personal life ? Would you buy a Vera Wang gown post-split ? Share your opinion in the comments section below . Maria LaMagna contributed to this report .	Vera Wang built a multimillion-dollar company around fairy tale wedding gowns Wang and her husband , Arthur Becker , recently announced their separation Speculation has swirled that Wang 's marital split might affect her dress empire A design expert says customers are n't looking to mimic the gown designer 's personal life
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo 's hat-trick booked Portugal 's place at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil as the Real Madrid forward ensured Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be watching the tournament on television . After two Ibrahimovic goals gave Sweden a 2-1 lead with just 18 minutes left , the 28-year-old scored a quickfire double to turn Tuesday 's playoff tie on its head . Portugal 's 3-2 victory in Solna enabled the visitors to qualify as 4-2 aggregate winners . "  I know Portugal needed me in these matches and I showed I am here , " Ronaldo told Portuguese TV afterwards . The hat-trick enabled Ronaldo to become the joint highest scorer for Portugal , level with Pauleta on 47 goals , and to take his recent scoring record to an astonishing 31 goals in 19 games . The tie had been billed as a battle between Paris Saint-Germain forward Ibrahimovic and Ronaldo , and the latter -- who had scored the only goal in the first leg -- was the clear winner by the end . Elsewhere , France qualified for the finals after making history with a 3-2 aggregate defeat of 10-man Ukraine . No European side had ever come back from two goals down to win a World Cup playoff but the 1998 world champions did precisely that when winning 3-0 in Paris . Strikes from Mamadou Sakho and Karim Benzema gave the hosts a two-goal lead before an own goal from Oleg Gusev in the 72nd minute sealed one of World Cup qualifying 's most famous comebacks . Didier Deschamps was instantly rewarded when the French Football Federation announced that his contract had been extended by two years , meaning it will now finish in 2016 . "  It was important for French football to be in Brazil next year -- when we 've got all the ingredients we can do great things , " the coach told French television . Croatia , who also enjoyed a memorable 1998 finals when finishing third , booked their place when beating Iceland 2-0 in Zagreb . Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring but he is set to miss the opening match of the World Cup in June after receiving a straight red card for a reckless tackle . Dario Srna sealed the win against a nation of 330,000 inhabitants , with the visitors having been in contention to become the smallest nation in history to reach the finals . The final European playoff was decided by Greece , who drew 1-1 in Bucharest to qualify as 4-2 aggregate winners against Romania . An early strike by Konstaninos Mitroglou enabled a team that has struggled for goals in this qualifying campaign to comfortably book a place in Brazil . In Africa , Ghana lost 2-1 in Egypt but the quarterfinalist at South Africa 2010 reached a third straight World Cup by virtue of a dominant first-leg performance , winning 7-3 on aggregate . Algeria ensured that the same five African teams that had qualified for the last World Cup will be there again , following the weekend qualifications by Nigeria , Ivory Coast and Cameroon . Trailing 3-2 from last month 's first leg in Burkina Faso , the hosts won 1-0 in Blida to qualify on the away goals ruling . The two remaining places of the 32 were decided on Wednesday . Mexico secured one of them , beating New Zealand 9-3 on aggregate after a 4-2 victory in Wellington , with striker Oribe Peralta adding a hat-trick to his first-leg double . Uruguay also went through despite being held 0-0 at home by Jordan in Montevideo , with the 2010 World Cup semifinalist having set up a 12th finals appearance by winning the first leg 5-0 last week . It was the fourth successive time the two-time world champion had come through the playoffs . On December 6 , the draw to determine the eight groups at next year 's World Cup will be held in the Brazilian state of Bahia .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores hat-trick to fire Portugal to World Cup Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's two goals not enough for Sweden France make history when beating Ukraine to reach Brazil Croatia , Greece , Algeria and Ghana also through on Tuesday
CNN  -- If you are pregnant , ask your doctor questions about their delivery habits long before you go into labor . Several studies now suggest doctors may be performing too many cesarean sections . Doctors may be performing them based more out of habit , training , expediency or worry about lawsuits than out of medical necessity , according to the studies . A surgical birth , while generally safe , does carry more health risks and more expense . If a woman has a C-section once , it also increases the chances she 'll need another if she gets pregnant again . Risks go up with each procedure . The latest information comes from Consumer Reports . The nonprofit ranked hospitals based on the number of C-sections performed at each . Looking at hospital billing records the authors found the number of procedures performed vary wildly -- even at hospitals in the same town . In Texas , for instance , 15 % of births at El Paso 's University Medical Center are C-sections ; four miles away , at Sierra Medical Center , the rate is more than double that at 37 % . The Denver Health Medical Center earned Consumer Report 's highest rating for low rate of C-sections . Doctors delivered 8 % of babies by C-section ; at Denver 's Presbyterian-St . Luke 's Medical Center , by comparison , 20 % of the low-risk deliveries were C-sections . The report looked at more than 1,500 hospitals in 22 states . Not all states make such information available -- something Consumer Reports said it hopes will change . Overall , 66 % of the hospitals in the report earned the organization 's lowest or second-lowest rating for a high rate of C-sections . Only 12 % got either of the organization 's top scores for a low rate . Nation gets "  C " for preterm birth rates "  The variation is what gets you , that really is the thing , " said Doris Peter , director of Consumer Reports ' Health Ratings Center . "  If you compare peer hospitals in urban areas that treat the same kind of patients -- meaning they share similar socioeconomic issues -- to have wildly different rates suggests that there is a problem here . " Sometimes C-sections are medically necessary , meaning either the life of the mother or her fetus would be endangered by a vaginal birth . But several studies found surgical births are being performed for low-risk pregnancies , too . C-sections are generally considered safe , compared with vaginal births , but the surgery carries risks , including infection , increased bleeding , reactions to anesthesia and blood clots , according to the Mayo Clinic . The rates vary regionally as well , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More C-sections are performed in the South compared with the Mountain States , the West Coast and the Upper Midwest , which tend to have the lowest rates . The South does have higher diabetes and obesity rates . Both lead to more medically challenged deliveries , as does the mother 's age . The older she is , the more complications she may have . Overall nearly one out of three women now give birth by C-section , according to the CDC . That number has made medical associations uncomfortable . Making note of other studies that look at regional variations in surgical birth rates , the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine issued guidelines in March . These are intended to help doctors make more informed decisions about which mothers need C-sections . The high number of surgical births , plus the fact that fewer women or children die these days during the childbirth process , "  raises significant concern that cesarean delivery is overused , " according to the recommendations . Definition of "  term " pregnancy changing Dr. Aaron Caughey , lead author of the report and recommendations , said he hopes these guidelines will raise awareness about this issue . "  Over the next five years , I would hope we will see a slow decline in the rate , " Caughey said . But it "  will be contingent on more people embracing the message and will have to involve people at the grass-roots level doing things in their practice that changes this trend . " The medical community started to see the number of C-sections going up during the 1970s when there was an increase in the ability to monitor the fetus ' heartbeat . "  We did n't always know precisely how to interpret the data , " Caughey said , adding at the time there was a "  general abandonment of more aggressive vaginal deliveries . " The medical community still needs better research on fetal heart rates , he said . Monitoring the heart rate can tell a doctor if a fetus is in distress . Doctors also do C-sections if they believe labor is "  going on too long , " according to the recommendations . However , that decision may be based on outdated research , according to Consumer Reports and other studies . The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine do recommend that "  normal " labor should be a longer process than initially thought , and concluded doctors "  should be more patient in the first and second phase of labor . " Doctors should not induce labor unless "  it 's an absolute medical necessity , " according to the recommendations . Encouraging a woman to give birth before her body is ready increases the likelihood she 'll need a surgical birth . Doctors often perform C-sections if there is a possibility the baby will be large . The new guidelines said that may not always be warranted . A baby should be more than 11 pounds before inducing labor . "  Everyone can do better , " Caughey said . Consumer Reports ' Peter agrees , saying that the women she talks to often do n't know the extra health risks of having a C-section . The best and worst place to give birth "  We want to get a dialogue going , " Peter said . "  We want the patient to go to her doctor and say , ` I 'd like for us to find ways to avoid a C-section if possible . ' Find a doctor that meets your needs in all practice patterns . " Most doctors likely will not know the number of C-sections they perform , Caughey said . Even if a doctor does know it , the rate of the surgical deliveries they perform still may not give patients the perspective they would need . A doctor doing general rounds , for instance , could have to finish up a procedure another doctor started . Or a doctor could be seeing a disproportionately older , heavier and sicker population , which would affect his or her rates of C-sections . Caughey suggests women ask doctors about their general philosophy on C-sections . "  I think a healthy dialogue is always important for any kind of medical care , " he said .	C-section rates vary wildly among hospitals , Consumer Reports finds Nearly one out of three women gives birth by C-section , the CDC says C-sections carry higher health risks and expenses
London  CNN  -- People trafficking syndicates could try to exploit the unrest in North Africa , potentially causing a surge in the number of victims arriving in Europe , experts fear . The trade in people trafficking is worth $ 3 billion a year in Europe alone , but organized smuggling syndicates are constantly looking to expand their operations beyond national boundaries , analysts add . Europol , the European Union 's law enforcement agency that handles criminal intelligence , says it is now sending experts to Italy to see if syndicates are trying to take advantage of violent protests on the other side of the Mediterranean . Italy has long been at the forefront of Europe 's battle to stem the flow of illegal immigrants , due to the close proximity of some of its islands to the African coast . The current influx to Italy -- nearly 10,000 migrants since the start of 2011 -- is much higher than in previous years . Italy : Al Qaeda will exploit North African migrant flood "  I think there 's an important dynamic around the external border of the EU , Turkey , central Asia republics and now of course North Africa and the Middle East , " Europol 's director Robert Wainwright told CNN Tuesday . "  We have experts on the ground in Italy working with the Italian authorities right now to try to identify any signs that organized crime , even terrorist organizations , are trying to exploit the situation in North Africa in particular and the upsurge in the migratory flows that we 've seen in recent weeks . "  We have n't seen any strong indications yet but we 're working very hard to see the extent to which organized crime might be doing that . " Europol 's warning follows a similar one by the United Nations refugee agency that people trying to flee Libya , Tunisia , Egypt and other countries where protests have taken place this year , will be fair game for those trying to profit from their fear and misery . "  Obviously , smugglers ' business is seeing big opportunities to exploit the situation , " UNHCR spokeswoman Melissa Fleming told reporters in Geneva on February 15 . "  As said in Tunisia , we are very concerned . We are hearing the smugglers are not only hanging out at the ports waiting for people to come , but they are actually moving inland and seeking out people falsely advertising what they could offer , what kind of futures they could offer to young Tunisians frustrated and wishing to move on , " Fleming added , according to reports . There are about 270,000 trafficking victims in Europe at any one time , according to Europol . Many of these people come to Europe hoping for a better future but end up becoming coerced into sexual exploitation and forced labor . Money is the driving force , Europol 's Wainwright said , adding that trafficking syndicates are constantly looking to diversify and improve their operations . Despite this , European law enforcement officials have had some successes . Last year they carried out 500 operations against crime syndicates organizing trafficking and sexual exploitation . One operation , against a Romanian gang allegedly trafficking Roma children , culminated in the arrest of 120 suspects , Wainwright said . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Traffickers could try to exploit unrest in North Africa , experts fear European law enforcement officials send experts to Italy to investigate Italy has long been at forefront of Europe 's battle to stem flow of illegal immigrants
The parents of Kendrick Johnson , whose death this year created a mystery that has gripped a South Georgia town , held a rally at the state Capitol on Wednesday , a day after filing a complaint with the state about the handling of their son 's body . The "  Who Killed K.J. " rally had several scheduled speakers , according to a news release from the Johnson family , but the Rev. Al Sharpton and the Rev. Joseph Lowery -- both of whom were slated to address the demonstrators , the family said -- never spoke . That did n't stop more than 100 protesters from assembling at the Capitol before noon . Johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at his high school in Valdosta , Georgia , on January 11 . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation conducted an autopsy and ruled the death accidental , but his family questioned the ruling and had his body exhumed for a second autopsy . At the second autopsy , it was discovered that his organs were missing and his body cavity was filled with newspapers , contrary to industry practice . The family 's complaint , filed Tuesday with the Georgia Board of Funeral Service , a division of the secretary of state 's office , alleges that Harrington Funeral Home mishandled Johnson 's body and specifically accuses director Antonio Harrington of helping obscure the teen 's cause of death . However , the funeral home 's attorney , Roy Copeland , said in an October letter to CNN that coroner Bill Watson has already stated that "  the accusations and innuendo regarding Mr. Harrington 's involvement in the disposition of young Mr. Johnson 's internal organs are baseless . " According to "  The Principles and Practices of Embalming , " a sentence of which was included in an October letter Copeland sent to CNN , when the organs have been removed in an autopsy , the person handling the body should dry the cavity , "  dusting it with hardening compound or embalming powder and then filling it with dry , clean sawdust or cotton mixed with a small quantity of hardening compound or embalming powder . " Copeland conceded at a November interview that newspaper was not listed , but he added , "  nor is it precluded as one type of foreign substance that may be introduced into a body for purposes of building it up for public display . " Gov. Nathan Deal 's office did not respond to questions about whether Deal had faith in the local investigation into Johnson 's death or the subsequent GBI autopsy . Asked whether Deal would call for a special investigation , spokeswoman Sasha Dlugolenski said , "  We have been told that the U.S. Attorney 's Office is looking into the case . "  This is such a tragedy , and we extend our deepest sympathy to this young man 's family and friends . It is our hope that the U.S. Attorney 's Office will be able to shed some light on the situation . " Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , said in October that federal authorities would investigate the circumstances behind Johnson 's death . The family 's complaint alleges that when Johnson 's body was exhumed for a second autopsy , "  all of our son 's inner organs , including his brain , were missing . " CNN was the first to report the development in October . Harrington has previously told the family that the organs were missing when he took custody of the body after the GBI autopsy , and Copeland said last month that the funeral home "  absolutely , positively " did not receive the organs . "  There is no collusion between Mr. Harrington and any law enforcement . In fact , I 'm appalled that anyone would even suggest that , " Copeland told CNN . William Anderson , a pathologist hired by the Johnson family 's attorney , further told the family "  that our son was stuffed with newspaper . At no time did we ever authorize the removal of our son 's inner organs for any purpose whatsoever , " the complaint says . Harrington Funeral Home never informed the family the organs were missing , and the GBI said it replaced all of the organs after the autopsy , the complaint alleges . Harrington initially said "  one or two organs might be missing , " according to the complaint , but in an October 4 letter to the family 's attorney , C.B. King Jr. , Harrington said the organs had been "  destroyed " and "  discarded ... before the body was sent back to Valdosta , " where the funeral home took custody of the body . "  It is our belief that Mr. Harrington , at best , misled us as to the condition of our son 's body , and at worse , is responsible for the removal and destruction of his organs , and , thus , desecration of our son 's body , " the complaint says . The family concludes by requesting an investigation and alleging that Harrington engaged in fraud by misleading the family into believing Johnson 's remains were intact and "  facilitated a coverup " that deprived pathologists of "  the means by which to determine how he may have died , " the complaint says . The funeral home has not commented to CNN in the past , but Harrington said in the October letter to the Johnsons ' attorney that the prosector -- an agent who prepares bodies for pathological examination -- discarded the organs . The secretary of state 's office confirmed receiving the Johnsons ' complaint Tuesday , but would not comment . The Georgia Board of Funeral Service says all investigations are confidential , but after a formal hearing , several resolutions are possible : It can close the probe and take no action ; it can issue a "  letter of concern , " which wo n't be made public ; it can issue a public inspection report ; or it can publicly or privately handle any violation with the funeral home .	Rally at Capitol draws scores of protesters wanting answers about teen 's death Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a gym mat at his high school in January Family demands investigation into why their son 's body was stuffed with newspaper Family : Autopsy showed "  all of our son 's inner organs , including his brain , were missing "
CNN  -- "  Mother , mother , there 's too many of you crying . / Brother , brother , brother , there is far too many of you dying . / You know we got to find a way to bring some lovin ' here today . / Father , father , we do n't need to escalate . You see war is not the answer , for only love can conquer hate ... " From "  What 's Going On , " sung by Marvin Gaye in 1971 . In Chicago , we asked that simple question of people in the heart of communities plagued by violence . What 's going on ? "  We need jobs , education , recreation and we want to live , we want to feel safe , " is mainly what young people told us . They shared their stories with Mayor Rahm Emanuel , the Rev. Michael Pfleger of St. Sabina 's Church , the Rev. Chris Devron of Christ the King Jesuit College prep school and me . A young man said : "  When I grow up I want to be a lawyer . I am good at arguing and debating . My friends call me good news because I always take the positive side of the argument . " Another young man said , "  I 'm good with the pen . I write short stories and put music behind the story so you can really hear what I 'm saying . " Nurses dodge bullets to provide care What we heard was that they all have hopes and dreams . Not one of them dreamed or aspired to a life of crime . Among the violence and death that so many experience , hope is alive . I was not shocked or surprised . It is what I expected to hear and what I knew : These kids want to belong and they want to feel valued and , yes , respected . Earning respect , having a positive reputation and being a valued member of a group or a team is partly the reason I 'm where I am today ; I was taught I could achieve these virtues by playing on a basketball team . Too many of our kids try to achieve them by being in a gang . We need to teach our young people that respect is given and never taken , that reputation comes from doing honest work and not hard time . They need to know the only group worth being a part of requires giving back through teamwork . My coaches , mentors and teachers taught me those lessons when I was growing up on Chicago 's West Side . They taught me to use my sports platform to help others , better the community and better others ' lives . It can be the crucial difference for thousands of young people , whose only knowledge of a structured organization comes from gangs . Chicago 's murder rate : Do n't blame the guns alone Over the years , sports and play have broken down racial and cultural barriers . We believe that once kids who might be at risk get to know each other and play sports together , the murder rate will drop . In fully functioning parks and schools , we can win their hearts and minds and create safe places for them to interact with each other . I am proud to join forces with Mayor Emanuel to expand the "  Windy City Hoops " basketball league , which would extend our Friday and Saturday night tournaments to 10 more Chicago parks beginning in March . This is where all of us come in . We are calling on all Chicagoans to donate what they can at cityofchicago.org/hoops in order to reach our goal of $ 500,000 . With that money , we can provide an additional 3,200 young people in Chicago a safe alternative to drugs , gangs and violence , one hoop at a time . Donations will go toward buying a jersey , paying a referee for a game , reserving a court or supporting another part of the program . This effort began last fall when I met the mayor at a Saturday morning basketball game at Christ the King High School on the West Side . The tournament brought rival gang members together to compete . When the colors came off and the jerseys went on , nobody saw gang members : We just saw great athletes playing classic Chicago basketball . My view : How we talk about guns in my Chicago classroom Right then , the mayor and I started working out how we could give as many young people as possible across Chicago this opportunity to show off their skills and do what they love in a safe place . Whether it is 3-on-3 or 5-on-5 competition , basketball teaches you how to get along in a group ; it teaches you how to set common goals and work with others to achieve them . From the courts on the West Side to the Hall of Fame , those are lessons that stayed with me my entire life , and they can give other kids from a similar background a better shot . I believe deeply in what the mayor is trying to achieve because I see the incredible potential in Chicago 's young people . When I walk down the street in Englewood or Austin or Little Village , I do n't see criminals or gang bangers or thugs ; I see athletes and artists and academics capable of great things . Our challenge is often to get them to see themselves in the same light . Right now , too many kids are n't optimistic because they do n't have much to look back on with pride . We can change that ; we can give them an opportunity to build up their confidence and build up each other . We can help them see clearly that they have choices . Poverty should no longer be wedded to drugs and weapons . We want them to know that education is the only true way to better their lives . Opinion : Chicago 's violence took my dad , friends Our kids are worth saving and they 're worth fighting for . If you ca n't give resources , give them your time ; have conversations with them , and become a strong mentor . Being present and showing up can change a kid 's life for the better . I know , because I was one of those kids . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isiah Thomas .	Isiah Thomas : In Chicago , kids want jobs , schools and safety , not lives of crime Thomas : Basketball gives kids an alternative to finding sense of safety and belonging in gangs Sports break down barriers ; Thomas ' life was set on the right track by basketball Thomas and Mayor Emanuel want to expand a basketball league for at-risk kids
CNN  -- The Obama administration is launching a big new offensive : Combating sexual assault on college campuses . On Friday , the White House launched "  It 's On Us , " a campaign aimed at tackling the problem plaguing universities across the country . The movement , developed from recommendations issued by a White House-ordered task force in April , will seek to raise awareness and educate college students about the issue and what can be done to prevent it . A top priority "  It 's On Us " is a next step in a series taken by the Obama administration to address the problem of sexual assault at colleges . In April , the task force released a 20-page report that highlighted what it described as the four most pressing problems in this area :  Identifying the problem on campuses ;  Engaging men in prevention measures ;  Effectively responding to assault where it 's reported ; and  Increasing transparency in the federal government 's effort to enforce laws and respond to sexual assault cases . The new campaign will focus on tackling those issues by expanding student-led efforts at individual colleges and partnering with associations including the NCAA and athletic conferences such as the Big Ten , and large companies , including Viacom , which will promote the campaign on MTV , VH1 and BET . Over 200 colleges have signed on to participate in the campaign , including Dartmouth , the University of Michigan and Bates College . "  This is on all of us , every one of us , to fight campus sexual assault , " President Obama said Friday . "  We are going to organize campus by campus , city by city , state by state ; this entire country is going to make sure that we understand what this is about and that we 're going to put a stop to it . " Senior administration officials told reporters in a conference call ahead of Friday 's unveiling that ending sexual assault has been a top priority throughout Obama 's presidency . "  Since the very beginning of the administration , the President and vice president have made it a top priority to end sexual assault . Today , one in five women is sexually assaulted while in college , " senior Obama officials told reporters on a conference call . "  Most often , it happens to her during  the victim 's  freshman or sophomore year by someone she knows . And also most often , she does n't report what happened . " The one-in-five statistic is often cited by the White House when discussing this issue . It is derived from two studies conducted in 2007 and 2009 . Many sexual assault instances go unreported , so it is difficult to get a complete count of instances . Reference to the NFL scandal Though neither Obama nor Vice President Biden mentioned recent revelations of domestic abuse by several NFL players , both made allusions , with Obama calling on athletic associations , among others , to step up their efforts and set a better example . Biden said that the campaign will be a success when every man understands that domestic violence is never acceptable . "  As far as we 've come , the fact is that from sports leagues , to pop culture , to politics , our society still does not sufficiently value women . We still do n't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should . We make excuses . We look the other way , " Obama said . "  The mark of success will be that not a single woman in America blames herself and when every man in America understands ... there is no circumstance at all under , other than self-defense , when he has the right to raise a hand to a woman . None . Zero , " Biden said . Obama administration officials did n't say whether the President or vice president would address the NFL scandals at the campaign 's launch . They stressed that the focus of the movement was "  primarily on college students as opposed to professional athletes " but said the NFL needs to "  get a handle " on the problem and adopt a "  zero tolerance " policy , since younger players tend to look up to professional athletes . "  The nexus to our campaign is an important one , too , in that many of these professional athletes are marketed as role models to young people , " one official said . "  So their behavior does have the potential to influence these young people . " "  So that 's one of the many reasons it 's important the league gets a handle on this and have zero tolerance : Because many , many young people who are playing sports in high school or in colleges are looking up to these men as role models . And that behavior is not something we 'd want them to replicate . " Engaging men A key component of "  It 's On Us " will be to engage college-age men in the prevention process , White House officials told reporters . "  While we 're going to seek to raise awareness with everyone and encourage everyone to get involved , there 's also going to be a special focus on reaching and engaging men , " a senior administration official said . That is "  based on the social norms research that tells us that young men often overestimate other men 's acceptance of violence . " "  Most men in fact are not comfortable with violence against women , but they do n't speak out because they believe that other men accept this behavior . By getting men involved , we think we can interrupt that way of thinking , " they said . Biden made a blunt appeal to men in his remarks Friday . "  So to the guys out there who are watching this on television : Step up , " he said . Officials stressed , though , that above all else , the campaign aims to be "  inclusive , " reaching everyone on a college campus , from students to faculty to top administrators . Bringing in the celebrities In addition to partnering with universities , associations , private companies and others , the administration launched a website and an anti-sexual assault public service announcement featuring Obama and Biden , plus several celebrities , including Jon Hamm , Joel McHale and Kerry Washington .	NEW : President : "  This is on all of us , every one of us , to fight campus sexual assault " The White House says one in five women are sexually assaulted while in college The campaign will target students through an array of media platforms A key component will be to engage college-age men in the prevention process
CNN  -- Playing cards with images of Hitler . Toy fuhrers . And a lamp and church tapestry with swastikas emblazoned across the front . No , it 's not a neo-Nazi convention . Rather , it is a groundbreaking exhibit that opened Friday in the German capital and is intended to show Adolf Hitler 's relationship with the German people . Germany has produced exhibits on the Holocaust and Nazism before but never since World War II has one focused solely on the man who taught an entire nation to hate . "  Hitler and the Germans " is not about the fascist dictator 's memorabilia , not about the man himself , said curator Hans-Ulrech Thamer . It 's not about textbook history or scholarly writings . The everyday objects on display show how Hitler won the heart of the German people . Everyone can read a book , but "  objects have another quality , " Thamer said . There are rows and rows of magazine covers carrying the face of Hitler as well as enormous metal busts carved for industrial mantle pieces . And propaganda signs , welfare collection boxes , photographs , film footage promoting a visionary leader of the fatherland . Thamer hopes viewers -- many of whom are sure to be Germans who no longer have direct memories of their nation 's ugly history -- will look inside themselves as they cast their eyes on ordinary things that back then , served a very extraordinary purpose . Michael Salberg of the Jewish civil rights group the Anti-Defamation League , called the exhibit "  extraordinary . " "  It 's the ordinary objects -- that is what makes it powerful , " he said . They are disquieting , upsetting , even off-putting , he said . Viewers might even go home and turn on a lamp in their living rooms and think about how the objects in the exhibit once occupied the same kinds of places . "  It was n't just among a group of elites , " said said Salberg , director of international affairs at the ADL . "  That German society was permeated with the symbols and the images that the regime was promoting was an important first step , and it took hold in a very frightening way . " More than 1,000 people streamed into the museum on opening day , Thamer said . They walked through halls devoted to three chronologically and thematically arranged chapters showing the circumstances of Hitler 's rise and rule . Swastikas are banned in Germany but Thamer said museums have special permission to display them for historical purposes . Still , organizers of the show agonized over possible repercussions : inciting neo-Nazi extremists and infuriating the rest of the world . A new study published this week in the German magazine Der Spiegel revealed far-right thoughts are common in Germany today . One-third of Germans said they would send foreigners home if there were not enough jobs to go around . One-sixth of Germans said Jews have too much influence . "  Yes , we have had some objections , " Thamer said . "  One of the fears discussed in the newspapers is that this might promote extreme groups . But I am not sure they enter museums . " Salberg said he did not believe an exhibit was likely to accelerate or motivate extreme viewpoints . "  People who have a xenophobic view of their society are not going to be any less or more xenophobic because of this exhibit , " Salberg said . Deborah Lipstadt , a scholar of the Holocaust , also felt such exhibits are important . "  You understand that these things did not come out of nothing , " said Lipstadt , who teaches at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . "  There was a method to the madness . " She found powerful a similar exhibition of the power of Nazi propaganda at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington . Some 55 million people died in World War II , including 6 million Jews who perished in the Nazi-orchestrated Holocaust .	This is the first exhibit in Germany that focuses on Hitler On display are ordinary propaganda objects The curator hopes viewers will look inward as well
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The home life Diana Krall shares with husband  and fellow musical brain  Elvis Costello and their 2-year-old twin boys is a little nutty . Diana Krall 's new album , "  Quiet Nights , " was inspired by a trip she made to Brazil . "  It 's zany in the most wonderful way , " says the 44-year-old jazz singer-pianist . "  You have two little boys leaping off the furniture who think they 're Buzz Lightyear while we 're practicing and playing . It 's just a happy house . " Krall 's domestic bliss -- "  domestic " being a new concept for the ever-touring artist -- is suggested in the warm , intimate vibe of her latest album "  Quiet Nights . " "  It 's a very natural process for me , making a record . It ends up being a reflection of where I am at that time . My life is just tremendous right now . It could n't be better , " she says . No kidding . "  Quiet Nights " debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 album charts last week , a career high for Krall . A memorable trip to Brazil in 2007 inspired the Canadian chanteuse to take her 12th album in a bossa nova direction : The title track is the English version of the bossa nova classic "  Corcovado . " She also covers "  The Girl from Ipanema " -- though naturally in her whispery rendition she flips "  girl " to "  boy " -- and gives a fresh spin on Frank Sinatra 's "  Where or When . " Watch Krall find bliss in Brazil " "  There was something about turning ` Where or When ' into a bossa nova that changes the feeling for me of the song , " Krall said . "  It 's much more emotional than if I sang it in a swing feeling . I 've always experimented with that . " Krall brought arranger and conductor Claus Ogerman on board . He was a natural , having worked with Sinatra and Brazilian singer-songwriter Antonio Carlos Jobim who wrote both "  Ipanema " and "  Corcovado . " And Krall co-produced the album with frequent collaborator Tommy LiPuma . "  One of the best parts of making a record is the dinner after where you all you go to the restaurant , you decompress , have some great wine and just tell stories and listen to Claus and Tommy and -LSB- engineer -RSB- Al Schmidt and all these people telling amazing stories , " says Krall . Diana Krall recently sat down with CNN to share some stories of her own about a teenaged letter to Oscar Peterson , idolizing Harry Connick Jr. and Mickey Mouse pancakes . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : This is the first album you 've made since becoming a mother . Does it feel different somehow ? Diana Krall : I think -LSB- this album reflects my present -RSB- state of mind . It 's not about loss , it 's not preparing for loss . I 'm not peeling grapes . Life has changed a lot and it 's not just about performing and touring . It 's motherhood and having a home for the first time , because I 've always been on the road . So it 's an incredible thing to be making Mickey Mouse pancakes in the morning while you 're doing your interviews . CNN : You 've been producing Barbara Streisand 's new album . What has that been like ? Krall : Incredible . I just am so thrilled with her performance on this album . -LSB- She gives -RSB- one of the most incredible performances I think of her career on a song called "  You Must Believe in Spring " with a great pianist from New York named Phil Charlap . It 's just piano and voice and it 's so incredibly stunning . She said to me , "  Maybe it needs some strings or something . " I said "  Do n't touch it ! Just leave it ! It 's gorgeous ! " It 's been great working artist to artist and we had a lot of fun . We played cards . So when there were moments in the studio where there was something technical that had to be fixed , we 'd deal the cards and we 'd play gin rummy , which I 'm lousy at . Thank goodness . CNN : This is the first album you 've produced for another artist . Way to choose somebody really small to start off with . Krall : She chose me ! I had a few phone calls and it was a little daunting , but it was a great experience and really , really intense , as you would expect it to be . CNN : Some people were a little put out by your record "  The Girl in the Other Room " because you strayed from jazz . How did you process that reaction ? Krall : Somebody 's always put out with anything I do  laughs  . "  Why 'd you do ` The Look of Love ? ' " "  Why do n't you do ` The Look of Love ' again ? " I do n't know ! I 'm too busy trying to put the Lego back in the box , and making sure nobody 's eating all the Play-Doh . That record did very well and a lot of people say to me , "  That 's my favorite record . " And I wrote -LSB- it -RSB- with my husband , so I do n't really look back . I look forward . And I 've got a pretty loyal audience . CNN : What would you say to your sons if they tell you they want to be musicians when they grow up ? Krall : They should do whatever makes them happy . This is what they know so if that 's what they choose to do -- who knows . They could be like my mom and my dad and be a teacher-librarian and a chartered accountant . That 's fine too . A month ago I found this letter I wrote to Oscar Peterson when I was 16 years old and my mom had saved it for me and put it in a box in the attic . It was a five-page letter I wrote to Oscar Peterson saying , "  Dear Oscar , I 'm 16 years old and I hear a professional musician 's life is a very difficult one but I know this is the only life I want to have . " And it was really enlightening for me to see the focus of a 16-year-old . It reminded me of how much I love the music and always wanted to do what I 'm doing , so how lucky am I ? CNN : But it 's not all luck . Krall : I think it 's a lot of luck . I think I started in a very good time . When I went to see that film "  When Harry Met Sally , " and I heard Harry Connick playing the piano , I though there 's somebody who 's my age and he 's playing the music that I love . And I felt like there was a kindred spirit and it inspired me to go , "  I want to do exactly what he 's doing . " And I still owe a lot of thanks to Harry . I 've only met him like a couple of times , but he 's still a favorite artist of mine .	Diana Krall 's new album , "  Quiet Nights , " features bossa nova interpretations Singer-pianist is producing Barbara Streisand 's new album She 's doing what she loves ; "  How lucky am I ? " she says
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela spent almost three decades in jail , but he was n't alone -- he had two Indian goddesses and a 17th century playwright for company . Locked in solitary confinement on Robben Island , newspapers were banned and letters from loved ones a rare treat . Where did he find the inspiration to continue his long struggle for freedom ? As the twittersphere explodes with quotes from the legendary leader , it 's perhaps easy to forget there was a time when Mandela was in need of a few words of wisdom himself . He found them in the musings of another great thinker -- one born centuries before and on the other side of the world . A tattered book covered in luminous Hindu deities might have seemed like a strange choice for the South African political activist languishing in his cell . But the beatifically smiling women on the cover knew something the prison wardens did n't . Inside was the "  Complete Works of Shakespeare , " and the historic text became a source of strength for Mandela and his fellow inmates during their darkest days . A bible by any other name It became known as the "  Robben Island Bible , " and today is one of the most remarkable artifacts from Mandela 's 27 years in jail . "  What resonance does a white guy from England 400 years ago have to a group of South African political prisoners in the latter half of the 20th century ? " said Matthew Hahn , who wrote a play based on the "  Robben Island Bible , " and interviewed many of the inmates who read it . "  There 's this universality to Shakespeare -- including many lessons on good and bad leadership -- and I think Mandela found resonance in his words . He once said that ` To be taken seriously as a politician , one must always quote from Shakespeare , ' and a lot of his speeches when he was president did just that . " The valiant The book was smuggled into the jail by political prisoner Sonny Venkatrathnam , who disguised it in colorful Diwali cards celebrating the Hindu festival of lights , convincing the warden it was his bible . Between 1975 and 1978 , the volume was passed between 33 of Venkatrathnam 's fellow prisoners -- including Mandela . Many of the inmates signed and dated their names beside particularly poignant passages -- words of hardship , political unrest , or injustice . Mandela chose a passage from Julius Caesar -- just before the Roman statesman leaves for the senate on the Ides of March -- and his sweeping handwriting on the now-yellowing page is a haunting reminder of the activist 's dedication to his cause . It includes the lines : "  Cowards die many times before their deaths/The valiant never taste of death but once . " "  I believe when Nelson Mandela signed this passage , he recognized this book would get out and be circulated in the liberation movement -- his would be the quote people looked to , " said Hahn . "  It was an incredibly powerful quote -- he lived his entire life according to these two lines . " Lasting impression The quote is all the more poignant considering Mandela 's speech during the 1960s Rivonia Trial , where he said : "  If need be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . " Mandela signed the passage December 16 , 1977 . He never could have imagined that December 16 would later be known as "  Reconciliation Day " in South Africa -- a public holiday which only came into effect after the fall of apartheid . While Hahn believes the "  Robben Island Bible " began as an attempt by Venkatrathnam to gain the autographs of the most famous political activists at the time , it has now become a powerful memento of their many years -- and sources of inspiration -- behind bars . "  It was amazing to see visitors from all over the world drawn to this book like a magnet , " said Jonathan Bate , Professor of English Literature at Oxford University , who helped curate the British Museum 's Shakespeare exhibition last year . "  It was a coming together of one of the greatest writers of humanity , and one of the greatest humans of the 20th century . With Mandela 's death comes a particular poignancy in a passage referring to the death of the valiant . "	Nelson Mandela quotes flood social media . But what inspired man himself ? Answer : "  Robben Island Bible , " Shakespeare book disguised in Hindu cards Book was smuggled into jail by fellow political prisoner Mandela signed Julius Caesar passage referring to death of the valiant
CNN  -- Japan is getting bigger and bigger and bigger -- one volcanic blast at a time . The growth so far -- compared to the size of the Asian nation 's main Honshu island or the vast continent of Asia -- is minuscule , about 200 meters  650 feet  long by about 50 meters wide . That 's small enough that , if the volcanic activity stops , the newly created island could wash back into the sea in months . But if it keeps going , it could enlarge even more and stick around for the long haul , expanding Japan 's footprint in the process . "  A lot of it depends on how fast it erodes , " said Ken Rubin , a University of Hawaii at Manoa professor and expert in deep submarine volcanism . "  Until it shuts off , it 's too soon to tell . " Even it slips away , and even if such volcanoes poke up from the sea floor like this every few years , what 's happened so far is exciting for volcanologists . And video of the steady eruption -- a stream of white smoke , interrupted by occasional blasts of blackish material -- is powerful imagery of what 's unfolding , even if what 's emitted does n't spew anywhere as high into the sky as land-based volcanoes like El Chichon or Mount Pinatubo . Unlike these deadly examples , this Pacific volcano started its eruption -- on Wednesday , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency , at the least -- in shallows off the small , remote island of Nishinoshima , hundreds of miles over sea due south of Tokyo . The national agency since issued a warning for those around the island crater . The most common type of volcano , by far , are those that erupt and spew material underwater : Rubin estimates "  probably more than 80 % happen in the oceans , and we never know about them . " Volcanoes that erupt on land get the most attention , for good reason , given their impact on people , vegetation and  by virtue of their expansive eruptions into the atmosphere  on things like air traffic patterns and climate . What 's happening near these isolated Japanese islands is more of a sea-land hybrid . It is rooted on the flank of a string of underwater volcanoes a few hundred feet from the main island , Rubin explained . What 's being expelled into the air -- a mixture of water that appears as whitish , fluffy steam and darker coarse rock fragments -- is distinct from the magma , he adds . "  In the shallow sea water , ... it causes it to behave explosively , " Rubin said . "  It 's kind of a short-term thing . If it kept growing , it would act differently . " By "  differently , " he means acting like a more traditional land volcano with the crater well out of the water . Whether or not that happens , people should be able to safely set foot on the island "  pretty soon after it stops erupting , " Rubin notes -- assuming experts are 100 % sure it wo n't blow again . If it 's feasible , say , a year from now , remains to be seen . There was a similar case two years off the Canary Islands in 2011 where there was no breakthrough , and thus no new island . Two years earlier , a new island did emerge in such circumstances near the Pacific island of Tonga -- as happened in 1963 with Surtsey , an island that built up over four years in the 1960s off Iceland .	A volcanic eruption hundreds of miles south of Tokyo forms a new island Video shows white smoke mixed with black material , including rocks "  It 's too soon to tell " if the island will grow or erode into the sea , expert says
CNN  -- They stepped forward to help reform the way football 's world governing body FIFA operates - and are now bitterly regretting their decision . Two female whistle-blowers gave evidence to American lawyer Michael Garcia , who over 18 months investigated the bidding process of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The women claim Garcia ensured they would have anonymity in his investigative report -- and that he broke his promise . It 's a report that has become mired in controversy after German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics adjudicator -- published a summary of the evidence the American had collated . "  Our cooperation was facilitated by Mr Garcia 's repeated promises - made privately to us and also in public - to ensure the confidentiality of his witnesses , " said Bonita Mersiades and Phaedra Al-Majid in a joint statement . "  He said the report would not be published ; that only four people would see it ; and that the identities of the people he spoke with -- other than current serving football officials or employees -- would remain confidential . "  This was a crucial element behind our decision to cooperate , as we are private citizens and no longer protected by the legal and PR functions of wealthy football federations . " Assurances The two women insist that assurances were given to them both in private and public that they would not be compromised after agreeing to give evidence "  through a sense of natural justice and a desire to bring closure to a long running chapter in our lives . " The women were not identified by name , but they contend they were "  clearly identifiable " in Eckert 's summary . Garcia 's office declined to respond to CNN 's request for a response to the women 's statement , while FIFA has said its disciplinary committee will investigate the duo 's claims . Former head of corporate affairs in the Australia 2022 bid , Mersiades told CNN that Garcia - FIFA 's independent ethics investigator -- made a verbal promise to her "  more than once " that the report would not be published . In September Garcia said for the first time that his report should be made public with redactions . Soon after its publication , Garcia said the 42-page summary contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations . " According to FIFA , Garcia and Eckert are due to meet on Thursday to discuss their differences . The bidding process surrounding the 2018 and 2022 events has become a lightning rod for criticism of the way FIFA is run . The organization had hoped the report 's publication would put in an end to the intensive scrutiny FIFA has faced . But Garcia 's negative reaction to Eckert 's summary and the two whistleblowers ' subsequent complaints make that seem unlikely . In a statement , FIFA told CNN that "  any potential breach of confidentiality committed by a member of the FIFA Ethics Committee should be examined by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee . " It added : "  We can not prejudice any decision that said Committee could take in this or any similar situation . However , names of witnesses have not been disclosed in the statement of the Chairman of the Adjudicatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee to protect their personality rights . "  Furthermore , the discussion and the public letter by Phaedra Al-Majid and Bonita Mersiades underline exactly the confidentiality issue concerning any of the witnesses when talking about a publishing of the full report . " Eckert 's report cleared Russia and Qatar , who will stage the 2018 and 2022 events respectively , of wrongdoing and instead was critical of rival bidders England and Australia . However on Eckert 's recommendation , FIFA lodged a criminal complaint with the Swiss judiciary on Tuesday in relation to bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Unmasked Mersiades says she was not notified before the summary into the report was published , claiming the first she knew about it was last Friday after FIFA released the document . "  The summary by Judge Eckert clearly breached all such assurances of confidentiality , " added the statement from Mersiades and Al-Majid , who was in charge of international media relations for the Qatar 2022 bid until 2010 . "  Although not named in the report , we were clearly identifiable and within hours of its publication had been widely unmasked as the ` whistle-blowers ' in German , British and Australian media . "  To compound this situation Judge Eckert used his summary report to question our credibility . This is particularly puzzling as the summary simultaneously uses the same information we provided to form significant parts of his inquiry in respect of the Australian and Qatar World Cup bids . " According to Mersiades , Garcia told her that FIFA 's Ethics Code did not allow for reports to be published . Confidentiality Earlier this year FIFA 's legal director Marco Villiger told reporters that witness confidentiality for Garcia 's work could prove difficult to sustain if the report was published . "  The code of ethics is based on certain principles , one of which is confidentiality , " said Villiger . "  Cooperation between witnesses and the ethics committee is based on confidentiality -- if not perhaps certain witnesses , whistle blowers or other parties might not cooperate to such an extent . " Since Eckert 's findings were made public , FIFA has faced a barrage of criticism over the way the entire episode has been handled . Last week Reinhard Rauball , president of the German football league , warned that UEFA 's 54 member nations could leave FIFA if the report into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 was not published in full . His remarks came just before the Dutch Football Association demanded FIFA hand over a copy of the report , while Greg Dyke , chairman of the English Football Association warned that "  urgent action " must be taken to restore confidence in the world governing body .	Michael Garcia under fire from key witnesses Allegations made following publication of Garcia 's summary report FIFA under fire over World Cup bidding process for 2018 and 2002 FIFA launches criminal complaint in relation to bidding process
RollingStone.com  -- The BBC assembled a "  We Are the World " -- style cast of globally famous musicians to sing the Beach Boys ' "  God Only Knows " with its 80-piece BBC Concert Orchestra for a spot promoting the network 's newly launched BBC Music venture . The network has dubbed the ensemble -- which sings in a classically fantastical array of settings , from a jungle-scape on a stage to a hot air balloon -- the "  Impossible Orchestra . " Watch Brian Wilson , Weird Al , Conan cover George Harrison Pharrell Williams , Elton John , Lorde , Chris Martin , Brian Wilson , Florence Welch , Stevie Wonder , Brian May , One Direction , Chrissie Hynde , Baaba Maal , Dave Grohl and Sam Smith are among the dozens of performers who comprise the ensemble . "  All of the artists did such a beautiful job , I ca n't thank them enough , " Brian Wilson told The Guardian . "  I 'm just honored that ` God Only Knows ' was chosen . ` God Only Knows ' is a very special song . An extremely spiritual song and one of the best I 've ever written . " Lorde shares alluring ` Hunger Games ' single ` Yellow Flicker Beat ' "  Once you start going into a song like we have been today , you come up on a new respect , " Brian May said of the experience in a behind-the-scenes video , streaming here . "  It 's beautifully constructed , and quite enigmatic , really . " The BBC has created a charity single of the song to raise money for its BBC Children in Need campaign . A physical copy of the CD is available for purchase in the U.K. and on Amazon , and it 's also available for download and streaming . The BBC previously made a similar video in 1997 , remaking Lou Reed 's "  Perfect Day . " That campaign featured Reed , Bono , David Bowie , Burning Spear , Tom Jones and more . Elton John is the only performer to have appeared in both videos . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	The BBC assembled a group of famous musicians to sing "  God Only Knows " The TV spot is to promote the network 's newly launched BBC Music The BBC has also created a charity single of the song
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Your smartphone might help retailers to be smarter about your purchasing habits and even let them send you targeted discounts while you shop . Mobile marketing is an essential tool for the retailer in the next two years , said Gary Schwartz , the CEO of Impact Mobile , a mobile-tech firm . He said nearly half of all cell phones in use today are smartphones , the kind necessary for mobile marketing . In two years , that figure will jump to 70 % , he said . You can register with a retailer and sign up for alerts , text messages or other notifications about special offers and sales . The retailer then can keep tabs on your shopping and spending habits and lure you into their stores . Schwartz said it 's quite possible that smartphones will help boost sales and in doing so , help lift the economy . "  If they 're used in a smart way , it will absolutely drive sales , " he said . The Gap , along with its other brands Old Navy and Banana Republic , is one of the companies taking advantage of mobile marketing . "  Basically we send them offers as they shop , " said Amy Carr , the Gap 's senior director of customer relationship marketing . The Gap brands have teamed up with Visa on a smartphone app , "  Gap Mobile4U . " "  So Gap/Visa 's technology allows you to see where the customers are shopping , and we can -LSB- provide -RSB- offers or discounts telling them what 's going on in the store when we see that they are close to stores or inside malls shopping , " she said . Digital marketing consultant Zachary Cohen refers to the technology that links stores directly with potential shoppers as the "  Wild West . " "  There are no rules , there are no protocols , " said Cohen . "  The law is very fuzzy on it , because the government ca n't legislate things that they barely understand . " Cohen worries about smartphone spam and digital junk mail invading your most personal of personal devices . But Carr said that when it comes to this technology , the industry will most likely regulate itself . Carr said it 's too dangerous for retailers to risk angering potential customers with unwanted messages that eat up texting minutes and battery life . After all , sign-up is still voluntary . Shopper David Thomason in Los Angeles said he does n't like retailers knowing his whereabouts . "  They 're privy to too much information , " he said . "  It 's invasive . " Several other shoppers outside an Old Navy store in Los Angeles also said they would not take advantage of the technology . But there are plenty of other people who have signed up for it . And according to Carr , it is working . "  We can see that this has a high take rate , so we know the customer is responding to it , " she said . She declined to cite sales figures . The technology is still in the development phase , Carr said , but the company has models , which include unique sales codes , that it can use to measure success .	Half of all cell phones in U.S. are smartphones , needed for mobile marketing The Gap , Banana Republic are among the brands using mobile to target shoppers Some worry the technology used to link stores directly with shoppers lacks regulation
CNN  Texas is nearly out of its lethal injection drug . If scheduled executions this Wednesday and the next go forward , the state will have completely exhausted its supply of pentobarbital . "  We 're exploring all options , " said Jason Clark , spokesman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , " including the continued use of pentobarbital or an alternate drug  s  in the lethal injection process . " In recent years , states across the country have struggled to maintain a supply of lethal injection drugs as manufacturers either stopped producing the drugs or barred their use in executions . The European manufacturers of pentobarbital , an anesthetic , explicitly banned U.S. prisons from using its drug in executions . Tennessee has said it will electrocute inmates if it ca n't get the drugs it needs . Other states have sought out substitutes or gone with one drug instead of the traditional three-drug cocktail . In April , Oklahoma used midazolam as a substitute for pentobarbital as part of a three-drug cocktail in an execution that went awry . Clayton Lockett , a convicted rapist and murderer , writhed and convulsed after the drugs were administered . It took 43 minutes for him to die . Texas gets its pentobarbital from compounding pharmacies , which are not subject to Food and Drug Administration oversight , something opponents of the death penalty have decried . The state leads the nation in the numbers of executions . Last year , it put to death 10 people . This year , it has executed three so far .	States have struggled to maintain supply European makers of pentobarbital bans its use in executions
EW.com  -- Cher will appear on two tracks off of Wu-Tang 's upcoming "  secret album " "  The Wu -- Once Upon a Time in Shaolin . " I imagine the conversation that led to this decision went something like this : Wu-Tang publicist : You want people to bid on this , we got ta sell what 's hot right now . Like fairytale shows , ` secret albums , ' Lady Gaga ... RZA : No . Not Gaga . This album is too special to jeopardize with her shenanigans . Ghostface : Sick . She 's the one with the meat dress and the vomiting ? Pass . Wu-Tang publicist : But people love her ! Fine . Well , what about Cher ? Method Man : Sure . -LSB- Shrugs , but secretly jumping for joy inside . Yes ! Cher ! Finally we will meet ! -RSB- EW : Adele tweet sparks rumors of new album this year To be fair , Cher 's got a killer voice and some serious flavor and Wu-Tang brings it hard , so who knows , this could be the best thing ever . I sincerely hope we get a promotional mash-up of "  Strong Enough " and "  Wu-Tang Clan Ai n't Nuthing Ta F -- k Wit . " EW : New Black Keys album ` Turn Blue ' now streaming on iTunes Unfortunately , the Wu is only pressing one copy of this record , which will be sold to the highest bidder as a collector 's album in a gold case . The always-understated RZA explains their motivation for the album : "  We 're about to put out a piece of art like nobody else has done in the history of -LSB- modern -RSB- music . We 're making a single-sale collector 's item . This is like somebody having the scepter of an Egyptian king . " Before it 's sold though , mere civilians will be able to listen to it  using headphones to prevent piracy  as it goes on a world tour of festivals and museums . Rolling Stone has details of how this crazy collaboration came to be . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Cher will collaborate with the rap group Only one copy of the album is being pressed The album will be sold to the highest bidder
CNN  -- A Chinese woman has been sentenced to a year in a labor camp for retweeting a Twitter post that mocked Chinese protesters who smashed Japanese products during a recent demonstration , her fiance said Thursday . On October 17 , Cheng Jianping , under the username wangyi09 , added a few words to a message written by her fiance , before resending it on Twitter . Eleven days later on the day the couple had planned to marry , Cheng 's fiance , Hua Chunhui was taken away by the police from his office in the southeastern city of Wuxi . Although he was released 5 days later , Hua has n't seen Cheng since . He learned from her family that she was taken away by the police from in front of the couple 's apartment on the same day as his arrest . Cheng , 46 , was sentenced to one year in a Henan Province labor camp for disturbing social stability . Cheng also has supported imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo on Twitter . Hua said that the tweet was simply meant to be satire , with no intention of inciting anti-Japan sentiment . The Twitter message mocked young protesters who smashed Japanese products during a recent demonstration and suggested they smash the Japan Pavilion at the Shanghai World Expo . "  This is ridiculous and a typical case of censorship jail , " Cheng 's lawyer Lan Zhixue said . "  People should not be put in jail due to their sarcastic words . " Lan Zhixue and Hua have appealed Cheng 's case to the Henan Provincial Department of Justice and People 's Court , asking for medical parole for Cheng , who suffers from high blood pressure . The appeal also asks that she be removed from the labor camp . CNN 's Jackie Huang contributed to this report .	Cheng Jianping goes by the Twitter username wangyi09 Cheng has supported imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo on Twitter Cheng has high blood pressure
CNN  -- Police on Friday arrested a former Massachusetts chemist accused of lying about drug evidence she handled while working at a state police lab , which has raised doubts about thousands of criminal cases . Annie Dookhan , 34 , was picked up by state police at her home in Franklin , Massachusetts , and has been accused of obstruction of justice and pretending to hold master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . She allegedly "  lied about the integrity of drug evidence that she analyzed , " according to an attorney general statement Friday . Massachusetts authorities will review the sentences of 1,140 people who are in prison after being convicted with evidence at least partly provided by Dookhan , whose work with criminal evidence is under investigation . The former chemist has admitted to wrongdoing during her nine-year employment with the Department of Public Health . A preliminary investigation looked into every case Dookhan may have touched from 2003 until she left in March , and it is possible she touched 60,000 samples that were involved in 34,000 drug cases . "  There will be designated court sessions in each county to hear the cases , " Chief Justice Robert Mulligan said in a statement . "  The Trial Court is fully cooperating with the prosecutors and defense counsel who are responding to these issues . " State police were tipped off in July by Dookhan 's co-workers at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory in Jamaica Plain that her work might be unreliable . At the time , state police were taking over what had previously been a Department of Public Health drug laboratory , which certified random drug tests for the police departments in Norfolk , Suffolk , Middlesex and Bristol counties , as well as for Cape Cod and the nearby islands . "  When they were getting ready to take over the lab , they learned through conversations with other employees who were afraid to verify the work of their colleague , " said Terrel Harris , communications director for the Executive Office of Public Safety and Security . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick ordered the lab to be shut down on August 30 .	Annie Dookhan , 34 , was picked up by state police at her home in Franklin , Massachusetts She 's accused of obstruction of justice and pretending to hold a master 's degree She allegedly "  lied about the integrity of drug evidence " she analyzed , attorney general says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Liverpool and England midfielder Steven Gerrard has denied assaulting a man during a nightclub brawl last month , a court in Southport , northern England , heard on Friday . Gerrard leaves court on Friday after pleading not guilty to actual bodily harm and affray . Gerrard , 28 , issued a not guilty plea to affray and assaulting company director Marcus McGee , 34 , at the Lounge Inn , Southport , after Gerrard scored twice in Liverpool 's 5-1 win at Newcastle , reported the UK 's Press Association . The Liverpool captain was charged with occasioning actual bodily harm and affray along with co-defendants John Doran , 29 , and Ian Smith , 19 . Dozens of photographers were kept back from the magistrates ' court entrance in a penned area as Gerrard arrived in a dark blue suit . Nick Evans , prosecuting , asked for the case to be heard next on April 3 after a 10-week break to prepare it . But after submissions from the defense solicitors including Gerrard 's , Richard Green , the magistrates adjourned the case back to the court at Southport on March 20 . Gerrard , a father of two young daughters , spoke only to confirm his name and address and say he intended to plead not guilty along with the other defendants .	Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard denies assault charges in court on Friday Alleged incident came hours after Gerrard scored twice in win at Newcastle Gerrard pleaded not guily and will return to the court in Southport on March 20
CNN  -- AT&T has been slow to adopt a feature that lets customers share a smartphone data signal wirelessly to other gadgets and computers . But a mobile hotspot feature is coming to at least two new AT&T phones running Google 's Android operating system . The carrier is also mulling whether it will add the ability to Apple 's iPhone through a software update . Verizon Wireless says its iPhone 4 models , which come out February 10 , will have the hotspot feature . The next version of the iPhone 's operating system , iOS 4.3 , will have that ability built in , say developers who were provided with access to a beta version . But it 's unclear whether AT&T will allow customers to make use of the feature . "  It 's something we 're taking a look at , " said AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel . He declined to comment on negotiations with Apple regarding the feature 's deployment . Once the hotspot feature is enabled , a phone creates its own Wi-Fi access point . Then as many as five devices , usually , such as laptops , iPods , Kindles or other Wi-Fi-enabled electronics , can get online . Enabling the feature generally reduces the phone 's battery more quickly . HTC 's Inspire 4G and Motorola 's Atrix 4G , two upcoming AT&T Android phones , will allow owners to subscribe to a more expensive data plan in order to utilize mobile hotspot . Some AT&T phones , including the iPhone , offer a feature called tethering . This uses a phone 's USB cable or a Bluetooth connection to share the internet connection to a single computer . The extra monthly fee for tethering is comparable to what AT&T will charge for hot spot . T-Mobile USA offered its free Hotspot feature on Google 's Nexus One phone . However , a T-Mobile spokesman said in June that usage of that is "  not something the company encourages . " Now , T-Mobile offers the feature , with an upgraded data plan , to MyTouch 4G owners . Sprint Nextel 's Evo and Verizon 's Droid phones , among others , can act as hotspots . For Verizon 's 3G phones , the internet signal is cut -- and the connected devices dropped -- when on a phone call . That 's a limitation of the type of 3G network Verizon uses , but it should n't affect the carrier 's upcoming 4G phones . Verizon , with Mi-Fi , was one of the first carriers out of the gate to offer standalone hardware that connects to its wireless data network and shares that signal with other devices . AT&T , which has perpetually struggled to meet data demand from iPhone customers in the last three years , began selling a Mi-Fi device in November -- more than a year after competitors . As AT&T rolls out faster networks , including 4G infrastructure with speeds to match Verizon 's later this year , the second-largest U.S. carrier by subscribers is finally ready to encourage heavier data usage . That 's especially an attractive proposition for the company now that it has a tiered pricing plan in place to charge heavy users more .	AT&T is preparing to allow customers to use a feature called mobile hotspot Hotspot allows users to share a phone 's wireless data connection among other devices AT&T is late , compared to competitors , in adding this ability to its phones
CNN  -- Perhaps somebody forgot to tell Rafael Benitez that the Oscars were last week . It does n't matter . Benitez 's extraordinary post-match performance Wednesday managed to combine the good , the bad and the ugly as the Chelsea manager launched a scathing attack on his employers and club 's supporters before revealing he will quit at the end of this season . Here was Benitez , the victim . Here was the man in the middle of one of football 's most high-pressure jobs being circled by an army of critics . Perhaps the adrenaline kicked in . Perhaps he had just had enough . It was fight or flight . Now he will await his fate , with the English club 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich -- who has employed nine managers in 10 years -- expected to take note . Foreign owners in UK football : The good the bad and the ugly Since Benitez walked into Stamford Bridge last November , the former Liverpool boss has been a sitting duck . Protests , placards , songs about former managers from the stands -- even the most genial of men would have found their patience challenged . Replacing a Chelsea favorite and Champions League-winning manager in Roberto Di Matteo was never going to be easy , but for Benitez , it has been a losing battle . Out of the Champions League , beaten in the country 's third cup competition by Swansea and 19 points off the league leader , Chelsea 's season is in danger of collapsing . Contrast that with the fact that the Blues were third and four points behind then leader Manchester City when Di Matteo was given his marching orders . The Europa League is not seen as salvation -- not at least by those who sit in the stands with their thumbs pointed downwards in Benitez 's direction . More woe for Chelsea boss Benitez Then there 's the speculation surrounding alleged disagreements with key players and the constant scrutiny of his side 's failings , and it 's easy to see why Benitez has found life in west London so difficult . Not even Wednesday 's 2-0 win over second division Middlesbrough in the FA Cup -- which earned a quarterfinal clash with Manchester United -- could please the traveling Chelsea fans , who once again voiced their displeasure at the man they call the "  interim manager . " "  I have been in charge in football for 26 years , " he told reporters . "  I have won the Champions League , won the FIFA Club World Cup , the FA Cup , the Italian Super Cup , the Spanish league twice , nine trophies , all the trophies you can win at club level . "  A group of fans , they are not doing any favors for the team when they are singing and wasting time preparing banners . " Benitez takes over Chelsea While Benitez accepted the post until the end of the season , he hit out at the use of the term "  interim manager " and the club 's insistence on using the title . "  It 's because someone made a mistake , " he added . "  They put my title "  interim manager " and I will leave at the end of the season , so they  the fans  do n't need to waste time with me . "  They have to concentrate on supporting the team , that 's what they have to do . In the end , they are not doing any favors to the club , to the rest of the fans and to the players . "  Every game they continue singing and they continue preparing banners , they are wasting time . What they have to do is support the team . "  If we can not achieve what we expect to achieve , that is to be in the top four and be in the Champions League for next year , I will leave . They will stay in the Europa League . "  I am the manager . I will manage the players and I will make decisions . I will leave anyway -- I 'm interim , as they say -- so they 're wasting their time . " How much longer Benitez will have on screen in his current role is up for debate , but this is one performance his critics wo n't forget .	Rafael Benitez reveals he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season Spaniard launches attack on club 's fans following abuse at press conference Benitez also hits out at "  interim manager " title Chelsea qualifies for FA Cup quarterfinal and will play Manchester United
CNN  -- Salman Rushdie will always be most famous for "  The Satanic Verses , " the 1988 novel that earned the author a death warrant from the late Ayatollah Khomeini . But for literary merit alone , some rate the earlier "  Midnight 's Children " as Rushdie 's greatest work . Now , the classic novel is hitting the movie screen in an adaptation by Rushdie himself . The author 's first foray into screenwriting was not an easy assignment , he admits . After all , the book encompasses 30 years of India 's history , from independence from Britain in 1947 to the turbulent rule of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi . CNN spoke with the renowned writer about the cinematic rendering of his book , directed by Deepa Mehta  out in limited release now  . Below is an edited version of the conversation . CNN : "  Midnight 's Children " was published in 1981 . It took a long time to become a movie . Had you always wanted it to be made into a film ? Salman Rushdie : I never had a real desperate need for it to be a film . I was quite happy for it to just be a book , and actually , I had sort of given up on the idea there would be a film because of how long it had been since the book came out .  I had  this serendipitous conversation with Deepa Mehta where we actually met to talk about other things , and it suddenly popped into her head to ask about "  Midnight 's Children . " I had known her for a while , and she had spoken to me very passionately about her feeling for the book and what it had meant to her when she read it and how it connected to her own experiences . I thought , well , that 's valuable , because it means that that 's not just a gig . It 's not just taking the job in order to adapt this film , but it becomes a personal project , and that 's what I felt made her the right person to  direct  . CNN : How satisfied are you with the translation to this new medium ? Rushdie : I 'm actually delighted , but on the other hand , I 'm scarcely objective , you know , because I wrote the film and I narrate the film , and I was very , very involved at every stage of it . I was involved in the casting . I was even involved in talking to the production designer , showing him photographs of  my  childhood and trying to get him to make the film look right . I was involved in the cutting room . So if the film is no good , it 's my fault too , but if it is any good , I can take a bit of the credit . One of the things I like is that young people in the audience have found it easy to connect to their lives . It does n't feel like a period piece . I worried that this is a story which ends in 1977 and might feel to a lot of people like ancient history . But I just think that there is something about the way in which small individual lives are impacted by the great events of history which is easy for us to connect to now when the great events of history , almost on a daily basis , assault our individual lives . CNN : How challenging did you find it to write the screenplay ? Rushdie : Well , of course it 's challenging , but , you know , all writing is challenging . Writing is difficult ; one should just say that . What I found interesting writing a screenplay as opposed to writing a novel is not the obvious thing , which is having to pare everything down and find the kind of essence , the skeleton if you like , which can then be fleshed out by performance and cinematography . That , of course , you have to do . But I think the thing that 's really different and very interesting is that when you 're writing for the screen , you have to be hyper-conscious every moment of how the audience is going to react . If you write just one scene where the audience is confused or it breaks their concentration in some way , then you 've lost them , and you might never get them back . You 're really thinking all the time of what you have to do to make sure that they have the information that they need , that the emotional thread is not snapped , that the story moves at the right speed , to keep the audience hopefully sitting on the edge of their seats or else weeping or laughing . Any of those is good . CNN : You narrate the film . That 's interesting , because you have n't chosen to record many of the audio versions of your books . Rushdie : I 've done bits -- "  Haroun and the Sea of Stories . " I did my collection of short stories , but it 's not the same thing , you know . Reading is a very different thing than performing . In fact , one of the things I think that does n't work in books on tape is if the person doing the reading "  acts " too much ; it becomes irritating to you listening to it . So reading is a different place , a different voice , and  "  Midnight 's Children "  after all was not me reading the book ; it was me performing the part of the older Saleem looking back at his younger life . It 's a first-person narrative , first-person voiceover , and it 's his first person , not mine . So this involved a tiny bit of acting . CNN : Most people do n't like the sound of their own voice . How was that for you ? Rushdie : Well , I was really worried because one of the things I felt is the real strength of the film is that we have a wonderful cast which turns in wonderful performances , and I did n't want to be the one who did n't . I did n't want to be like the amateur amongst a group of great professionals , and that worried me . One of the things I know about Deepa is that she is a great director of non-professional actors . She 's really good at guiding you at what to do -- a bit faster , a bit slower , a bit more of this and a bit less of that -- and I think all you have to do is be good at taking the direction and responding to it . I told her that if I was embarrassed by the results , I would want to fire myself and find an actor , but in the end , people seemed to like it , so it stayed in . CNN : The film has played in India . What was the reaction like ? Rushie : It was very emotional to take it there , particularly showing it in Bombay , which is where I was born and raised .  It  is the great movie city and , in many ways , is the city out of whose spirit the novel was born . To take the movie back did feel like closing a big circle . I think Indian audiences reacted very emotionally to it . They loved it . There was a moment we showed it at the Kerala Film Festival , and when in the film the emergency rule period -- the authoritarian period of Mrs. Gandhi 's sort of semi-dictatorship in the mid - '70s -- comes to an end , there 's a line in the voiceover where I say , "  The emergency was over . " People in the theaters jumped to their feet , started applauding , because it meant that much to them , too . CNN : Do you think "  Midnight 's Children " will play in Pakistan ? Rushdie : I doubt it , truthfully . It has been invited to the film festival in Dhaka in Bangladesh , so it seems like that 's not a problem . And it 's already opened in a number of countries with very large Muslim populations : It 's been played in Malaysia , and I think it 's due to open very soon in Indonesia and Thailand , so it 's getting around . Pakistan , I do n't know . Pakistan 's a mess . CNN : I know you met E.M. Forster late in his life . There have been some wonderful adaptations of his books by the late Ruth Prawer Jhabvala . When you look at films adapted from great novels , do any come to your mind that were particularly successful ? Rushdie : I actually have taught a course in that at Emory University , where I have a part-time professorship . I think you could name certainly the ones you mentioned : Ruth Jhabvala 's adaptations of Forster . Actually , I thought Martin Scorsese 's adaptation of Edith Wharton 's "  Age of Innocence " was really very successful . I really thought it was a wonderful film . I think one of the great examples is Visconti 's film of "  The Leopard , " a great Italian novel , which is actually one of the films we thought a lot about  in making "  Midnight 's Children "  because it does something that we were also trying to do , which is to take big historical events -- revolution in Italy -- and against that quite epic background , set the intimate story of a particular family . I think actually Volker Schl  ndorff 's film of Gunter Grass ' great novel "  The Tin Drum " is pretty successful . John Huston 's film of James Joyce 's story "  The Dead . " I mean , I think you can find a best-case scenario in which the film does just fine compared to the book .	Salman Rushdie adapted his novel "  Midnight 's Children " It is Rushdie 's first screenplay , and he narrates the film He says the historical events of the movie are still relatable today
CNN  -- A suspected Russian spy is missing after being arrested in Cyprus and released on bail , a police spokesman told CNN Wednesday . Authorities arrested Robert Christopher Metsos , 55 , in Larnaca after an Interpol "  red notice " was served on him , Cypriot police said Tuesday . Police said he was released on bail pending further proceedings but was told not to leave the country and was ordered to check in nightly with police . He did not check in Wednesday and police are searching for him , a spokesman said . Metsos is among 11 suspects in an alleged Russian spy ring in the United States . At the time of his arrest , he was traveling on a Canadian passport and was about to board a flight to Budapest , Hungary . Metsos faces extradition to the United States . His disappearance came two days after the U.S. Justice Department announced the arrest of 10 people on charges of being Russian agents involved in a long-term mission in the United States . Five of the suspects appeared in a New York courtroom on Monday . Four of the five , including a longtime U.S.-based columnist for the Spanish-language El Diario newspaper , were advised of their rights and ordered held due to flight risk , with their next hearing scheduled for Thursday . The other defendant , identified in a court document as Anna Chapman , was denied bail . No additional hearings have been scheduled . The Russian Foreign Ministry said the suspects committed no actions directed against American intereststhe and the arrests are "  unfounded and have unseemly goals . " "  We do not understand the reasons why the U.S. Department of Justice has made a public statement in the spirit of the Cold War , " said a statement on the ministry 's website . "  Such incidents have occurred in the past , when our relations were on the rise . In any case it is regrettable that all these things are happening on the background of the ` reset ' in Russian-U.S. relations announced by the U.S. administration . " Russia 's prime minister , Vladimir Putin , said American police were "  out of hand " but expressed the hope that relations would not be harmed . "  I hope the positive developments that have been accumulated recently will not be damaged , " Putin said . On Wednesday , Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley said the State Department had no plans to expel any Russian diplomats over the matter . "  I 'm not projecting any diplomatic consequences other than the good will that we hope will be there going forward to continue to focus on the issues where we agree and work constructively on the areas on which we disagree , " Crowley said , adding that officials throughout the State Department had been in touch with various levels of the Russian government to discuss the issue . "  As we 've made clear -- and as I think officials in Moscow have made clear -- we are going to work as hard as we can to move beyond this and continue to focus on the many issues with which we have common interest , " Crowley said . "  Our focus is on the process going forward . " The Justice Department said the suspects were supposed to have recruited intelligence agents , but were not directly involved in obtaining U.S. secrets themselves . They were charged with acting as agents of a foreign government , and nine also were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering . The charges include conspiracy to act as an agent of a foreign government without notifying the U.S. attorney general , a crime that carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison , the Justice Department said . Conspiracy to commit money laundering has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . The case resulted from a multiyear investigation conducted by the FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Justice Department 's National Security Division , according to a Justice Department statement . The 11 suspects were charged in two separate criminal complaints . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Jill Dougherty , Michael Schwartz , Arkady Irshenko , Elise Labott and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect gone after missing Wednesday check-in with police NEW : Suspect faces deportation to United States NEW : State Department has no plans to expel Russian diplomats
Mashable  -- Lady Gaga is the first Twitter user with over 10 million followers , which is a first for both the singer and Twitter itself . Lady Gaga celebrated this milestone with a tweet saying : "  10MillionMonsters ! I 'm speechless , we did it ! Its an illness how I love you . Leaving London smiling . " The mega-popular music celebrity is a huge social media star , having been the most popular user on Twitter for quite some time now . She was also the first person to hit 10 million fans on Facebook , as well as 1 billion views on YouTube . Lady Gaga recently partnered up with social gaming company Zynga to launch GagaVille , a Gaga-themed offshoot of Zynga 's hit game , FarmVille . See the original article on Mashable.com  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	This is first for the singer and for Twitter itself Gaga tweets : "  10MillionMonsters ! I 'm speechless , we did it ! Its an illness how I love you " She was also first to hit 10 million fans on Facebook , 1 billion views on YouTube
CNN  -- A 5.9-magnitude earthquake killed at least four people Saturday morning in southwestern China , state media reported . Officials reported 10 injuries as emergency teams began to respond , the Xinhua News Agency said . The state-owned news agency quoted Yunnan provincial officials as saying that 600 residential units collapsed . An additional 55,000 residential units were damaged , and 9,200 people had been forced to relocate , Xinhua reported . The quake -- with a depth of 10 kilometers -- hit in remote areas near the border of the Yunnan and Sichuan provinces , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Roads were blocked in some villages by boulders rolling down mountains , and 17 people on three tourist buses were trapped by landslides , Xinhua said . The Civil Affairs Ministry in Yunnan province was sending tents and clothing , Xinhua said . The epicenter was near Benzilan Township , the USGS reported . "  We are heading to Benzilan , " Liao Wencai , vice secretary of the Deqen County Committee of the Communist Party of China , told Xinhua . "  The telecommunication there has been cut off , and many residents can not be reached by mobile phone . " Xinhua reported it reached a Benzilan resident who said people "  rushed outdoors hastily " because of the strength of the quake , but houses there did not collapse . On Wednesday , a 5.1-magnitude earthquake hit the same region . CNN 's Larry Register and Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	NEW : Four dead , 10 injured in early reports Quake topples 600 residential units , damages 55,000 in Yunnan Province 9,200 people forced to relocate Same remote region was hit by a quake on Wednesday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a move that is surely music to the ears of Apple fans in Asia , the U.S. technology giant has rolled out its online digital media store , iTunes , in a dozen territories , including Hong Kong , Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand , and the Philippines . While Apple 's wildly popular Mac computers , iPhones , and iPads are widely available in the Asia-Pacific region , its customers outside of Australia , Japan , and New Zealand have previously been unable to purchase music , movies , and other media from iTunes without a gift card or credit card attached to a billing address in a country with an iTunes store . Brunei , Cambodia , Laos , Macau , Taiwan , Sri Lanka , and Vietnam complete the list . Curiously , mainland China is the obvious absentee , despite being the California-based company 's second largest market and the site of five Apple retail stores . Apple would not comment on the company 's plans to launch iTunes in China . The tech giant 's sales in China surged to a record high of $ 7.9 billion for the first quarter of 2012 , putting it on course to double the $ 13.3 billion it made for the whole of 2011 . Apple has sold more than 16 billion songs via its iTunes Store since it was launched in 2003 , according to the company .	U.S. technology giant has rolled out its online digital media store , iTunes , across Asia Apple customers previously had to purchase media using gift cards from countries with an iTunes store China -- Apple 's second largest market -- will not yet have an iTunes store
CNN  -- Not long ago it seemed like Jose Mourinho might be parting company with Real Madrid , but now the "  Special One " has committed to the newly-crowned Spanish champions until mid-2016 . The club announced on Tuesday that the Portuguese coach had agreed terms on a new deal , having moved to the Santiago Bernabeu on a four-year contract in May 2010 . "  The manager has won La Liga and the Copa del Rey , establishing impressive records at the club and in every championship , therefore prompting his contract to be extended , " Real 's website reported . In January , the 49-year-old was reportedly considering quitting at the end of this season due to an alleged dressing-room rift with the team 's Spanish contingent and unhappiness at board level after bad-tempered defeats against bitter rivals Barcelona . He had been linked with a possible return to England , and such speculation continued after his former club Chelsea won the Champions League for the first time on Saturday under interim manager Roberto di Matteo . However , his reported unhappiness at Real appears to be water under the bridge after Los Blancos ended Barca 's three-year La Liga title reign in fine style , setting records for points and goals scored . Mourinho became the first coach to win league titles in England , Italy and Spain , being the first Portuguese manager to triumph in the latter nation . He matched Ernst Happel and Giovanni Trapattoni in winning in four different European countries , including his own -- only Bela Guttman and Tomislav Ivic have clinched league titles in more nations . Mourinho is still seeking to become the first coach to win the European Champions League with three different clubs , having already done so with Porto in 2004 and Inter Milan in 2010 . He took Real Madrid to the semifinals last season for the first time since 2003 , and also won the Spanish Cup . This season brought more European disappointment , losing to Bayern Munich in the semis after a penalty shootout , but there was consolation on the domestic front as Real finished nine points clear of Barca . Mourinho 's star player Cristiano Ronaldo told CNN last week that he thinks his compatriot is the best coach in the world . "  This is why he wins the titles that he won . Because for me , not just because I work with him , but he 's the best because of what he does : the tactics , everything around the players , the motivation ... and you know , the titles speak for themselves , " Ronaldo said . "  He won in every country that he 's passed , so I think that 's great . I think nobody ... two or three coaches do that in their lives , so we have to appreciate that . "	Jose Mourinho extends his contract at Real Madrid until end of 2015-16 season Portuguese coach led Spanish club to La Liga title for the 32nd time He had been linked with a possible return to England 's Premier League Real ended Barcelona 's three-year Spanish reign in record-setting season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was the stench . That was what really hit Danny Boyle the first time he went into a slum in India . In "  Slumdog " a poor man wins a place on India 's version of "  Who wants to be a Millionaire ? " "  There 's this smell you get first of all , " recalls the British director . "  This incredible mixture of our excrement -- it belongs to all of us -- and then saffron . It 's just this mixture of sweet and sour . " Boyle 's experiences shooting in the teeming , chaotic port city of Mumbai could also be described as sweet and sour . The director , who is renown for films like "  Trainspotting " and "  28 Days Later , " had never even been to India before he and his crew traveled there to make the critically acclaimed Oscar contender "  Slumdog Millionaire . " "  It 's pretty mad , " admits Boyle . "  Everything is extreme . It 's too hot , the tea is too sweet ; everything is kind of too much . " But , he adds : "  That 's wonderful for drama , absolutely wonderful . " He and his crew threw themselves into shooting their drama in the streets and landmarks of India 's "  city of dreams " using passers-by as extras . They also shot in the Dharavi -- Asia 's largest slum -- and Juhu slum which can be seen from the city 's airport . "  Slumdog " is a classic rags-to-riches story about a young boy from the slums , Jamal Malik  played by British actor Dev Patel  , who beats millions of other Indians to bag a coveted place on the country 's version of TV game show "  Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? " Through the timely story of the young "  slumdog , " Boyle illuminates the contradictions of present day India -- the nuclear power that does not provide public sanitation for its population -- and Mumbai was the ideal city in which to do it . "  Mumbai is a city of extremes , " Boyle explains , "  Life is raw . It 's incredibly powerful and rich because their economy is expanding , the richest men in the world are there ... but then there is also this enormous poverty as well . " Do you think Danny Boyle has captured India in "  Slumdog Millionaire " ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . Boyle 's film shows these extremes with great realism . He takes the audience from the cheerfully money-grubbing micro-commerce of the slums where young boys charge slum dwellers to use filthy latrines , to Jamal 's job as a "  chaiwallah "  tea boy  in one of India 's much-publicized call centers , and later , to the Indian game show phenomenon , "  Kaun Banega Crorepati . " Boyle achieved this realism by immersing himself , his crew and actors in the Mumbai sprawl , and shooting as much as possible in real locations . "  I wanted to feel really involved in the city . I did n't want to be looking at it , examining it . I wanted to be thrown into the chaos as much as possible . "  There 's a period of time between about 2 a.m. and 4 a.m. where it all stops and just the dogs move around , but other than that , the place is just a tide of humanity . " With limited time in India , Boyle made the decision to travel to the places he intended to shoot and film the cast 's rehearsals there . This was something the film 's star , Patel , found challenging at first . "  It 's daunting at first doing these scenes outdoors with loads of people watching , but they just warm to it and everybody is , like , laughing and they start clapping at the end of the scenes , " Patel laughs . His co-star Frieda Pinto , who plays love interest Latika , was born and brought up in Mumbai and knows the city well . Watch Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto talking about the making of "  Slumdog Millionaire . " "  You ca n't stop the bystanders in Bombay , " she explains , "  It is something that you attract anyway , especially if you have a camera out there and a foreign crew and a song and dance . "  You are definitely going to attract a huge crowd and you ca n't do anything about it . The only thing you can do is enjoy it . " For Boyle and the crew , on the other side of the camera , the energy and chaos was a pretty intense experience . "  You just do n't have any control in India , " he explains . "  If you seek it , it will drive you insane . You 've got to go with it really and just see what happens . " But they did have some tricks up their collective sleeve . Boyle and veteran cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle shot crowd scenes , like the chase through Juhu slum at the beginning of the film , using the people who happened to be passing by on the street for added realism . They wanted to draw as little attention to themselves as possible to keep the crowds looking natural . To achieve this feeling of being right in the middle of everything without disturbing the local communities too much , they used a variety of small digital cameras and digital stills camera . " -LSB- We used -RSB- a Canon stills camera , which takes 12 frames per second . If people see a stills camera , they do n't think it 's recording live action , " he explains . For Boyle , who believes his first film , "  Shallow Grave "  1995  is still his best , because "  you have n't a clue what you are doing " and "  you have n't learnt the tricks yet , " he says , shooting in Mumbai was a way of recapturing that early originality . "  You arrive and you feel a bit vulnerable and naked again , and that 's a really good thing , because you are not tempted to just step in your own footsteps all the time . "	Danny Boyle had never been to India before shooting "  Slumdog Millionaire " The British director shot the film in the streets and slums using passers-by as extras Boyle on shooting in Mumbai : "  It 's pretty mad . Everything is extreme . " "  Slumdog " has been critically acclaimed and is hotly tipped for Oscars
CNN  -- Formula One bosses are under increasing pressure to review their decision to stage the Bahrain Grand Prix later this month . A British politician added his voice to the growing chorus of dissent on Friday saying motorsport officials should "  rethink " their plans . "  In hindsight , the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  should not have scheduled the 2012 race so early in the season , " said Richard Burden , a Labor member of parliament . "  It was always going to be too early to know how far things had moved on in Bahrain since last year . F1 ca n't turn the clock back but , with three weeks to go before the race , it can still rethink . It should do so , " he added . "  In a context where genuine and sustainable reform is taking place , holding a Grand Prix could be a unifying event for the people of Bahrain as well as a positive showcase on the world stage . But things are not at that stage . " The calls come amid continuing unrest in the country with demonstrators and Bahraini authorities continuing to clash . Burden 's words echo those made by former British F1 world champion Damon Hill on Thursday , who said running the race now could create more problems than it solves . "  It would be a bad state of affairs , and bad for Formula One , to be seen to be enforcing martial law in order to hold the race . That is not what this sport should be about , " Hill said . Most recently , Bahraini officials have arrested the daughter of the human rights activist Abdulhadi al-Khawaja who is currently on hunger strike to protest the life sentence he received for his alleged role in the ongoing unrest . In February , the country 's Formula One organizers , the Bahrain International Circuit  BIC  insisted the race would go ahead . But Nabeel Rajab , the president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights  a group started by al-Khawaja  urged officials to reverse the decision . "  If Formula One go ahead with the race it will give the impression that everything is back to normal when everything is not back to normal . People are dying on a daily basis , Rajab told CNN . "  I say think of the human rights , think of things other than just your profit and your interest . Human rights have to come first , " he added . "  We will welcome you back when everything is back to normal , when the killing and arrests have stopped in the streets . " However , the BIC insisted that the race would be safe . "  The BIC is in regular contact with the FIA , FOM  Formula One Management  and the Bahrain government , " it said in a statement . "  All of the above continue to state that the grand prix goes ahead , and we are therefore going about our business of ensuring that this sporting event can be enjoyed by a hundred thousand local spectators , as well as hundreds of millions of viewers around the world . We speak to F1 teams regularly , and have received no communication regarding an unwillingness to race . "  With particular reference to travel advice , Bahrain has had a ` green ' travel alert  i.e. no travel restrictions  from the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office for some months now . This rating is safer than even the first race in 2004 . "	Calls for motorsport officials to rethink running of Bahrain Grand Prix later this month British member of parliament says event should not have been scheduled so early in season Former world champion Damon Hill says running race could cause more problems that it solves Race scheduled to take place on April 22
BudgetTravel.com  -- With seas of jostling crowds and sky-high costs  not to mention jellyfish and riptides  , ocean retreats can be more frustrating than fun , which is why we 've compiled a list of quintessential American lake towns . These are places where you can swim and sunbathe to your heart 's content and fill up on BBQ , grilled trout and freshly made apple pie as you watch the sun go down from your balcony . If you 're anything like us , you may decide to turn one of these trips into a new summer tradition . Budget Travel : See a slideshow of the lakes Coeur d'Alene , Idaho , on Lake Coeur d'Alene Framed by pine-forested hills , the deep blue Lake Coeur d'Alene is 25 miles long . At the northern end , weekenders from Seattle and California pack the town 's brewpubs and art galleries , while its southern reaches are more secluded , with sheltered coves and inlets . The best ways to soak it all in is by kayak ; the guides at ROW Adventures will point out wildlife like eagles and osprey along the way as you paddle  four-hour excursions from $ 67 per person  . Where to Refuel : There 's almost always a line outside Hudson 's Hamburgers , but its Huddy Burgers -- garnished only with pickles , onion , and a closely guarded ketchup recipe -- are well worth the wait . 207 E. Sherman Ave. , 208/664 -5444 , burgers from $ 2.45 . Where to Stay : McFarland Inn Bed & Breakfast has been a familiar sight in the historic garden district since the building was constructed in 1905 . Its five rooms are small , but quaint , and it 's only a 15 minute walk to the lake . 601 E. Foster Ave. , 800/335 -1232 , mcfarlandinn.com , from $ 155 , breakfast included . Sackets Harbor , New York , on Lake Ontario This under-the-radar gem along Lake Ontario in New York is not only rich in colonial-era history , but it 's also pretty darn scenic , too . A battlefield from the War of 1812 has been converted into a lakefront park , while yacht clubs dotting the harbors to the south lend an almost Riviera-like feel . Spend the day at Robert G. Wehle State Park , a waterside retreat of pastures and hiking trails  315/938 -5302 , nysparks.state.ny.us  . Snakefoot Trail is the most popular , with stunning views from limestone cliffs that tower some 80 feet high . Where to Refuel : Tin Pan Galley 's sunny outdoor patio makes a great place to kick off the morning , with Mediterranean omelets and French toast stuffed with cream cheese and topped with maple butter and fresh strawberries . 110 W. Main St. , 315/646 -3812 , tinpangalley.com , breakfast entrees from $ 5 . Where to Stay : Ontario Place Hotel 's 46 rooms and suites have an unbeatable location -- overlooking the marina right in the center of town . 103 General Smith Dr. , 800/564 -1812 , ontarioplacehotel.com , from $ 109 . Budget Travel : 10 best affordable beachfront hotels Bigfork , Montana , on Flathead Lake If mountain-ringed Flathead Lake captures Big Sky Country 's raw beauty , the town of Bigfork makes for an artistic counterpoint . The Riverbend Concert Series runs each Sunday of the summer through mid-August , while the Bigfork Festival of the Arts welcomes food , jewelry , and crafts vendors to the town on August 6 and 7 . There 's also Wild Horse Island , a Tom Sawyer-like preserve of pastures and pioneer homesteads -- reach it via charter boat  406/837 -5617 , wildhorseislandboattrips.com , trips from $ 80 per hour for up to seven adults  . Where to Refuel : Bigfork Inn 's chalet-style restaurant has an outdoor deck in the summer months and standout prime rib . 604 Electric Ave. , 406/837 -6680 , bigforkinn.com , entrees from $ 8.50  $ 24 for the prime rib  . Where to Stay : Historic Tamarack Lodge & Cabins is set right in the midst of Flathead National Forest . The main lodge has one room that sleeps two , but most folks book one of the 18 cabins . 9549 U.S. Hwy . 2 East , 877/387 -4420 , historictamaracklodge.com , from $ 114 . Saugatuck , Michigan , on Lake Michigan Long a weekend getaway for Chicagoans , Saugatuck 's independent shops , trendy restaurants , and LGBT presence are starting to gain the town national attention . But beaches are its trademark , with long sandy stretches that often feel more Miami than Midwest . Oval Beach is one of the most popular with picnic areas and sheltered dunes  saugatuck.com/beaches.asp  . Ride the Saugatuck Chain Ferry from downtown to Oval ; it 's the only hand-cranked chain ferry on the Great Lakes  adults and children ages 3 and up $ 1  . Where to Refuel : Pumpernickel 's Eatery bakes its bread fresh on-site . Pair two loaves with your favorite lunch meat , have them wrap your sandwich picnic-style , and tote it with you to the beach . 202 Butler St. , 269/857 -1196 , pumpernickelssaugatuck.com , sandwiches from $ 7.50 . Where to Stay : Lake Shore Resort overlooks Lake Michigan from its bluff above the water . In celebration of local craftsmanship , each of the 30 rooms is decorated with paintings by hometown artist James Brandess . Rates include free continental breakfast , Wi-Fi , and use of bikes , kayaks , and outdoor BBQ pits . 2885 Lakeshore Dr. , 269/857 -7121 , lakeshoreresortsaugatuck.com , from $ 160 . Grand Lake , Colorado , on Grand Lake Surrounded by the high peaks of Rocky Mountain National Park , Colorado 's largest natural lake could n't be more picturesque . The town was founded in 1881 and affects a rustic , Wild West vibe , with saloons and a boardwalk along Grand Avenue . Embrace the theme by hitching a ride on horseback with Sombrero Ranches , whose ranch hands will lead you through alpine meadows , alongside clear mountain streams , and up steep hillsides  970/627 -3514 , sombrero.com , four hour rides $ 75 per person  . Where to Refuel : The chefs at Sagebrush BBQ & Grill were taking advantage of local riches -- Rocky Mountain trout , elk , buffalo -- long before it became trendy . 1101 Grand Ave. , 970/627 -1404 , sagebrushbbq.com , entres from $ 10.95 . Where to Stay : The Grand Lake Lodge dates back to 1920 and has a homey , welcoming vibe with a circular fireplace and hickory rocking chairs in the main lodge . Plus it 's perched on a hillside overlooking the lake . 15500 U.S. Hwy . 34 , 855/585 -0004 , grandlakelodge.com , from $ 125 . Budget Travel : 25 greatest travel books of all time Bemidji , Minnesota , on Lake Bemidji Bemidji best captures the Norman Rockwell glow of a summer lake town , with clean beaches , quirky annual traditions , and a packed social calendar . Its Fourth of July and county fair are pure Americana , while the Dragon Boat Festival and its competitive racing crews channel a Minnesota-style Mardi Gras from August 1 to 6 . Book an afternoon with one of the guides at Tomahawk Lodges to fish for walleye , a flaky white fish that does nicely on the grill  800/452 -8023 , call for price estimates  . Where to Refuel : Minnesota Nice Caf is a sure bet for Midwestern favorites like potato pancakes with applesauce . Do n't miss the freshly baked apple pies -- they taste like they come straight from a county fair . 414 Beltrami Ave. NW , 218/444 -6656 , minnesotanicecafe.com . Where to Stay : Ruttger 's Birchmont Lodge occupies the lake 's quieter northwest shore , with 38 lakefront rooms and suites and 29 cabins on a 1,700-foot-long sand beach . 7598 Bemidji Rd. . NE , 888/788 -8437 , ruttger.com , from $ 62 . Jackson Hole , Wyoming , near Jackson Lake Framed by the Grand Tetons and situated just north of posh Jackson Hole , Jackson Lake is a pristine glacial stunner . Soak in the views from a four-wheel cruise down the John D. Rockefeller , Jr. . Memorial Parkway on its eastern edge . For a more immersive take , Jackson Lake Boat Rentals provides six types of watercraft , from sea kayaks by the hour to deck cruisers by the day  307/543 -2831 , full-day rentals from $ 79 per person  . Where to Refuel : The Bear 's Den restaurant serves all the hearty fare you 'd expect at a Wyoming ranch ; favorites include Campfire Chili with cheddar cheese and Mom 's Meatloaf . At Flagg Ranch , right off Hwy . 89  two miles south of Yellowstone  , 800/443 -2311 , entrees from $ 9 . Where to Stay : It 's nothing fancy , but Signal Mountain Lodge is the only waterfront resort on the shores of Jackson Lake . Each of its rustic log cabins has semi-private balconies and views of the Tetons . Inner Park Rd. , Moran , Wyo. , 307/543 -2831 , signalmountainlodge.com , from $ 131 . Newport , New Hampshire , near Sunapee Lake Sunapee Lake is quintessential pastoral New England , with a handful of beaches made for swimming and a revolving lineup of outdoor concerts all summer . Its focal point is the lively marina scene at Sunapee Harbor ; other highlights include the Fells Historic Estate & Gardens , an 84-acre estate with gardens dating back to the early 20th century . Where to Refuel : One Mile West specializes in New England favorites like Atlantic haddock fish and chips ; try the signature Brook Rd. . BLT , which adds pepper-crusted sirloin to the tried-and-true bacon-lettuce-tomato combo . 6 Brook Rd. , 603/863 -7500 , onemilewest.com . Where to Stay : Dexter 's Inn 's estate-like grounds are immaculate , with an outdoor pool , tennis court , and views of the lake . 285 Stagecoach Rd. , 800/232 -5571 , dextersnh.com , from $ 110 . Budget Travel : 16 awe-inspiring American monuments Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Quintessential American lake towns provide a nice summer vacation option From Montana to New Hampshire , cozy lake towns are full of natural scenery These towns offer fun recreational activities , shopping and scrumptious regional dishes
Egyptian voters who went to the polls this week have overwhelmingly approved a new constitution , a spokesman for Egypt 's electoral commission announced Saturday in a national broadcast . The referendum passed handily with 98.1 % voting in favor of the new constitution and 1.9 percent voting no , the commission official told reporters in Cairo . The head of the Egypt Constitutional Committee described the turnout as "  unprecedented " -- 20 million people , representing 38.6 % of those eligible to vote . Supporters of the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood had boycotted the vote , which took place Tuesday and Wednesday , in response to a continuing government crackdown . The Brotherhood had supported the country 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , who was ousted last July in a military coup . The Anti-Coup Alliance , composed largely of supporters of Morsy and the Brotherhood , rejected the results in a posting on its Twitter account : "  98.1 % is not considered a real democracy but a solo dictatorship , " it said . "  If people are arrested for holding ` vote NO ' posters ... should these results be counted ? " The head of the committee heaped praise on this week 's results , calling them a move forward on the path toward democracy . Rights groups have expressed concern about what they call an increasingly repressive environment in Egypt , where more than 2,200 people have been killed since the ouster of Morsy , who had replaced strongman Hosni Mubarak after he stepped aside in February 2011 amid the massive anti-government demonstrations that were part of the Arab Spring . Many officials in the international community , too , have spoken out against the Egyptian government 's crackdown on dissenters . In a statement Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated his own country 's "  serious concern about the limits on freedom of peaceful assembly and expression in Egypt . " The new constitution could be a positive milestone for the volatile North African nation , Kerry said , so long as its leaders stand by it . "  It 's what comes next that will shape Egypt 's political , economic and social framework for generations , " Kerry said . "  As Egypt 's transition proceeds , the United States urges the interim Egyptian government to fully implement those rights and freedoms that are guaranteed in the new constitution for the benefit of the Egyptian people , and to take steps toward reconciliation . "	Top U.S. diplomat says constitution could be good for Egypt if leaders abide by it The referendum passes with 98.1 % of the vote , electoral commission says The 38.6 % turnout was "  unprecedented , " the head of the constitutional committee says Supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood had boycotted the vote
CNN  -- The release of a scathing report on how Penn State University dealt with a sexual predator who for years abused young boys on and off campus is far from the end of the school 's troubles . The university is still under scrutiny by the Department of Education and the National Collegiate Athletic Association  NCAA  , inquiries that could further tarnish Penn State 's reputation and that of its storied football program . The organization that grants the school 's crucial academic accreditation is keeping a watchful eye on the unfurling scandal that centers on university officials ' handling of Jerry Sandusky , a former defensive coordinator convicted in June of sexually abusing children over a 15-year period . Two former university administrators are awaiting trial for their role in the scandal , and more charges are possible as the state 's Attorney General 's Office investigates what Penn State may have known about Sandusky 's behavior . Opinion : After Penn State report , it 's time to look at Second Mile Then there 's the possibility of a rash of costly civil lawsuits after former FBI Director Louis Freeh 's finding that Penn State 's most powerful leaders showed "  total and consistent disregard " for child sex abuse victims and covered up attacks by the school 's former assistant football coach . "  The university hired their own executioner when they hired Louie Freeh , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . "  They are going to get pounded in civil litigation , " likely for millions of dollars by victims who use Freeh 's report as "  a roadmap " in their case . Though in some ways , Callan added , Penn State should be commended for "  hiring an investigator who was so brutally honest " in his review . Freeh 's report was so scathing that some say it could be the nadir of the university 's reputation . "  In the public minds , yesterday was the moment that everyone remembers about Penn State , the higher ups and Paterno , " said Callan . "  You did n't hear it to that extent in even the Sandusky trial . This was likely the biggest moment of adverse publicity the university will endure . " Freeh released the results of the university-funded probe on Thursday , reporting that his team of investigators had found that several school officials had "  empowered " Sandusky to continue his abuse . More storms looming for Penn State in wake of report Legendary head football coach Joe Paterno also could have stopped the attacks had he done more , Freeh concluded . "  Our most saddening and sobering finding is the total disregard for the safety and welfare of Sandusky 's child victims by the most senior leaders at Penn State , " Freeh wrote . "  The most powerful men at Penn State failed to take any steps for 14 years to protect the children who Sandusky victimized . " He blamed Paterno , former Penn State President Graham Spanier and administrators Gary Schultz and Tim Curley for having "  never demonstrated ... any concern for the safety and well-being of Sandusky 's victims until after Sandusky 's arrest , " while the board of trustees failed to perform its oversight duties . That collective failure "  to protect against a child sexual predator harming children " lasted "  more than a decade " and allowed Sandusky to further harm his victims , the full report says . Freeh 's 267-page report is separate from a grand jury investigation into charges of perjury and failure to report abuse against Curley , a former athletics director for the school , and Schultz , a former vice president . Penn State review recasts story of football hero Paterno Trustee Kenneth Frazier , head of the committee addressing the Sandusky scandal , said Thursday that the school 's board of trustees is "  deeply ashamed " by its lack of oversight identified in the report . The board met again on Friday for a regularly scheduled session , and again pledged to make good on implementing the changes . They made some changes Friday including reducing the term of board members from 15 years to 12 years . This change applies to board members elected this year . The board also voted to add 30 minutes of public comment during future board meetings . It has not gone unnoticed that the school has been up front and cooperative with investigators from various organizations since the scandal surfaced last year , said Richard Pokrass , a spokesman for the Middle States Commission on Higher Education , which issues the school 's academic accreditation . Because university leaders have acknowledged a problem and have been up front , it seems unlikely the school will risk losing that accreditation , Pokrass said . "  That being said , the commission certainly feels there are problems that need to be addressed . " Read the report here  PDF It is less clear what the Department of Education and NCAA inquiries will bring the school . In November , the Education Department notified Penn State that it was looking into the school 's compliance with the Clery Act , a federal law that requires universities to report crimes on or near campus and provide timely warnings if reported crimes threaten the campus community . In his report , Freeh said top university officials forged an agreement to conceal Sandusky 's sexual attacks more than a decade ago , outlining a culture of secrecy while pointing to an incident in which janitors aware of the abuse took no action , out of fear . "  They witness what I think in the report is probably the most horrific rape that 's described , " Freeh told reporters . "  And what do they do ? They panic . " One janitor , a Korean War veteran , said it was "  the worst thing he 's ever seen . " He and other janitors were "  alarmed and shocked , " but were afraid that if they reported it , they 'd be fired . The law carries fines of up to $ 27,500 per violation , but more critically , schools that fail to comply can be suspended from the federal financial aid program , according to the Department of Education . A department spokesman did not immediately return a telephone message left Friday seeking an update on the investigation . Key passages from the report The NCAA said Thursday that it is reviewing Freeh 's report and is awaiting the school 's response to a November 17 letter seeking answers to questions about Penn State 's institutional control and ethics policies . That letter called the allegations "  deeply troubling " and said that , if confirmed , appear to show conduct "  starkly contrary to the values of higher education , as well as the NCAA . " The organization has not said what penalties the university could face , and the media relations office did not immediately return a message left Friday . Common penalties include public reprimands and censures , according to the NCAA website . A ban on participation in postseason tournaments and television appearances are less commonly applied . Recruiting restrictions , fines and scholarship reductions are also possible penalties . The NCAA also has the authority to completely shut down participation in a particular sport for repeat violations , the so-called death penalty . Clery Act at center of Penn State probe , 26 years after young woman 's murder The report also could play into the criminal trials for Curley and Schultz , who are accused of failing to report abuse and of lying to investigators looking into the allegations against Sandusky last year . Their attorney said Thursday that Freeh did not have access to critical witnesses and came up with an incomplete report . Curley 's attorney termed it a "  lopsided document that leaves the majority of the story untold . " In his report , Freeh said he was asked by the Pennsylvania attorney general not to interview former coach Mike McQueary , instead using information from his testimony before a grand jury in November . Criminal defense attorney Ted Simon said it was "  very , very important " to note that he was n't interviewed again because there are still questions about what McQueary specifically told Paterno . "  I think there may be an overstatement with respect to what Paterno knew or did not know , " he told CNN . "  And I think one has to be very careful about that . Keep in mind , also , McQueary claims he made specific allegations , criminal in nature , to Curley and Schultz . But Curley and Schultz out -- completely deny that . So there 's a contest with regard to those facts . " Tom Farrell , Schultz 's attorney , said at trial the jury will learn that there was no effort among the four leaders to conceal Sandusky 's behavior . Whether anyone else will face criminal charges remains to be seen , but Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said Thursday that an investigating grand jury is continuing its work . The university is already facing three civil lawsuits , and Tom Kline , the attorney for one Sandusky victim , said Freeh 's report documents a "  colossal , monumental " failure by Penn State leaders that provides a road map for further legal actions in the scandal . Penn State community still admires Paterno , wants to move forward Penn State leaders disregarded victims , 'em powered ' Sandusky The shower and locker room in the campus Lasch Building will be remodeled , according to university spokesman David La Torre . Some of the sexual assaults occurred in those showers . The plans were drawn up after Sandusky 's arrest last fall , but the work wo n't be done until legal proceedings in the case are completed . La Torre provided no further details . Penn State President Rodney Erickson said substantial security changes have been made in the building and other athletics facilities . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Josh Levs , Jason Carroll , Steve Almasy and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	University plans to renovate locker room "  The university hired their own executioner when they hired Louie Freeh , " legal analyst says Trustee Kenneth Frazier says the school 's board of trustees is "  deeply ashamed " Scott Paterno says he wishes his father had been more aggressive in following up
The Chicago Crime Commission named a new Public Enemy No. 1 on Thursday , a designation originally crafted for Al Capone . The new holder of this dubious distinction , however , is not American nor believed to be in the United States . He is Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , the infamous Mexican drug lord who is Chicago 's most wanted because his Sinaloa cartel supplies a majority of the narcotics in the city . Not since Capone "  has any criminal deserved this title more than Joaquin Guzman , " commission President J.R. Davis said in a news release . "  Guzman is the major supplier of narcotics to Chicago . His agents are working in the Chicago area importing vast quantities of drugs for sale throughout the Chicago region and collecting and sending to Mexico tens of millions of dollars in drug money . " Daughter of accused drug lord deported to Mexico Guzman is the boss of the Sinaloa cartel , one of Mexico 's most powerful drug trafficking operations . His nickname , which means "  shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame , though he has climbed to great heights in the drug smuggling business . Forbes magazine has estimated that "  El Chapo " is worth $ 1 billion . The U.S. Treasury Department has declared him the most influential trafficker in the world , and Mexican authorities have been on his tail since his 2001 escape from a Mexican prison in a laundry cart . Chicago is among the major destinations for the cartel 's illegal drugs . "  While Chicago is 1,500 miles from Mexico , the Sinaloa drug cartel is so deeply embedded in the city that local and federal law enforcement are forced to operate as if they are on the border , " said Jack Riley , who heads the Drug Enforcement Administration 's office in the city . The DEA is heading up a new strike force focusing on what Riley calls "  choke points " : where the drugs and money change hands between the cartel operatives and Chicago gangs . Language and cultural barriers at that juncture make the criminal groups more vulnerable , he said in a statement . Officials hope this strategy weakens the cartel and creates leads that may bring the capture of Guzman , who is in hiding in Mexico . "  If I pitted Chicago 's traditional organized crime group against Guzman and the Sinaloa Cartel , it would n't be a fight , " Riley said . "  In my opinion , Guzman is the new Al Capone of Chicago . His ability to corrupt and enforce his sanctions with his endless supply of revenue is more powerful than Chicago 's Italian organized crime gang . " Rape case in Mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight	Chicago Crime Commission names a new Public Enemy No. 1 Mexican drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman is the most wanted man He is in hiding in Mexico but is blamed for the majority of narcotics in Chicago
New York  CNN  -- When writer-actor John Leguizamo shows up to do a show in New York , fans outside the theater are surprised to see him ride up on a bicycle . "  People go , ` Hey , John , I thought you 'd be in a limo . ' "  This is my limo , my green limo . I 'm saving the planet for your kids and your grandkids , " says the performer , who has starred in award-winning one-man shows on Broadway and appeared in dozens of films and TV shows . Biking gets you places faster , reduces your carbon footprint , lowers noise , makes you fit and lowers your stress level -- unless you get impaled on the door of a suddenly opened cab or cut off by a guy from New Jersey . Leguizamo thinks urban biking is a form of transportation that dramatically improves the environment and riders ' physical and mental health . New York City 's government shares Leguizamo 's enthusiasm about biking , having added 200 miles of bike lanes in the past three years . The city says it has seen a 45 percent increase in commuting by bike . Leguizamo took CNN on a tour of his favorite biking spots and shared his thoughts about the best way to get anywhere fast in the nation 's biggest city : CNN : How long have you been biking ? Leguizamo : I started biking when I was 7 years old , and I 've been biking in Manhattan ever since I got that first bike . I grew up in Queens . Jackson Heights , East Elmhurst , Astoria , Corona , I started going to high school in Manhattan when I was 15 , and I moved to Manhattan when I started going to NYU . In high school , on the weekends I would bike to Central Park over the 59th Street bridge . Very Paul Simon and Garfunkel . At NYU , my bike was stolen . The pole I locked it to was a fake pole , and I came back and the pole was gone . I thought at first that I had chained my bike on a different block , but then I realized there was a hole in the concrete . CNN : Why should people bike ? Leguizamo : There are a lot of great reasons . First of all , we all want to lower our carbon footprint , and this is one of the great ways , reduce pollution , reduce traffic , reduce noise pollution , improve your heart with reduced stress . When you 're out there , it makes you friendlier . You get a little bike rage , but that 's only when people cross you . I usually get to places with a lot of great energy and a lot more relaxed . I just saw this old good lady , she must have been in her late 60s , and she had like an adult tricycle , and she had her guitar in the back and a loud horn , and she was smiling and biking down Fifth Avenue . It was great . And for a lot of people who ca n't run , biking is a lot less stress on your knees . CNN : What are the biggest risks of biking in New York City ? Leguizamo : Kamikaze cabs , buses , tourists , people from New Jersey . A Jersey plate will always try to cut you off for sure . And you know Miami and Connecticut plates are always going to go way slow , but that 's not as dangerous . And then the crazy pedestrian that comes out between two big vans that block the view , that jump out . There 's more danger for them than for you , but you do n't want to hurt nobody , either . Opening the door on the street side , my God , that 's the most dangerous : passengers opening up the street door instead of the curb door . That should be taught in school . That should be part of your SATs . It 's amazing too the amount of cursing you hear from drivers , bikers , cabbies . You learn to curse in every language . CNN : How can you get started biking ? Leguizamo : Start slowly in parks until you get maximum skill , and then start taking less busy streets . Just go slow . Do n't try to race . If you go slow , you will learn all the urban tactics that you need for biking in Manhattan . You will learn that people are going to do the craziest things . People are going to cut you off . Expect the unexpected at every second . You got ta look for potholes , doors swinging , pedestrians . It 's a massive amount of focus . But the fact that you survive and you 're home , you feel incredible . And it 's so great . It relieves so much stress . I always lose weight . It keeps my cardio up , too . Every time I get tested , they say , "  You have the heart of a 20-year old . " They 're not talking about my liver . CNN : What about the equipment you need ? Leguizamo : Get a recycled bicycle , recycle a bicycle , you know , something old and beat up . If you ca n't and you 're too high-maintenance , get something really fancy and wreck it . Get sandpaper and a screwdriver , and you got to mess it up . Because if it looks shiny and nice , no matter what massive lock you have , somebody 's going to cut it . If you recycle a bicycle , you get the cheapest lock , and you do n't have to carry that massive chain that will weigh you down . You got to have some rain fenders , some rain guards , or then you can only bike and be messy . You ca n't bike in your suit as much if it rains . And if you 're going to ride at night , you 've got to have lights , either on your bike or your helmet . I like it on the helmet because people can really see you . And get a front light and a back light . And you need something for the hem of your pants . Either tuck them in your sock or get one of those little pant grips . When I do n't pay attention , my jeans have gotten caught many times on the chain . Wear elbow pads , wrist guards , a Kevlar vest . It 's Manhattan . Although we 're not the murder capital any more . Is it Philadelphia ? Or Arkansas ? CNN : What about the tourists who come to New York ? Should they try biking at all ? Leguizamo : No , not in Manhattan . You have to know what you 're doing . You can bike on the West Side Highway . That 's good for kids and tourists . In Manhattan , you need to know the terrain . You got ta be alert and know what those signs of danger are . If you 're a tourist , you 're going to be looking at the Empire State Building . "  Look at how big and beautiful all those Art Deco buildings are . " All of a sudden : Pow . Crash .	John Leguizamo thinks urban biking is a winner all-around It cuts carbon emissions , saves time , improves health New York added 200 miles of bike lanes , saw 45 percent increase in bike commuting Added benefit : "  You learn to curse in every language "
CNN  -- Clashes between protesters and police in the Omani industrial town of Sohar wounded about 10 people Sunday , state media reported Sunday . At least two protesters were killed , Oman TV editor Asma Rshid told CNN . "  The police shot them because they burned shops and cars in Sohar , " Rshid said . Another source said it was rubber bullets that the police fired . A number of police had also reportedly been injured , but numbers were not confirmed . The protests started Saturday and were ongoing Sunday , said Zamzam al Rashdi , editor-in-chief of the state-run Oman News Agency . There were about 1,000 protesters in Sohar , calling for more jobs . The demonstration started peacefully before a couple of groups split off and started attacking a supermarket and a police station , and members from the Shura Council , al Rashdi said . One of the targeted buildings was the Walli House , where the governor who represents the sultan in Sohar lives , a witness told CNN . CNN 's Caroline Faraj and Victoria Brown contributed to this report .	Clashes were reported in the Omani industrial town of Sohar The protests started Saturday , and turned violent Sunday At least two people were killed and 10 injured , sources say
London  CNN  An 18-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to join ISIS in Syria , UK police say . Counterterrorism officers arrested the man at his home in Hodge Hill , in the city of Birmingham , early Monday , West Midlands police said . "  The operation was pre-planned and intelligence led . There was no immediate threat to public safety , " they said in a statement . The arrest follows that of three teenagers from northwest London on Sunday after they were intercepted by Turkish police in Istanbul . The two 17-year-old boys and a 19-year-old man were arrested "  on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts , " the Metropolitan Police said . They have since been released on bail . The investigation started Friday , after police learned the two 17-year-olds were missing and were believed to be traveling to Syria . They were traveling with a 19-year-old , police said . British authorities shared intelligence regarding the 17-year-olds with Turkish officials Friday , and that night , they landed in Istanbul on a flight from Barcelona , Spain , a Turkish official told CNN . The teens were stopped with another person seen as suspicious by Turkish intelligence at the airport 's risk analysis center , which monitors risky flights and runs checks on suspicious passengers trying to enter Turkey . Turkish authorities questioned the teens , the Turkish official said , and the Metropolitan Police said the three returned to London shortly before midnight Saturday and were arrested . Last week , Turkish authorities said they had arrested a person -- working for an undisclosed nation 's intelligence service -- on suspicion of helping three British girls who are thought to have entered Syria to join ISIS . British police say they think the three east London classmates -- Shamima Begum , 15 ; Kadiza Sultana , 16 ; and Amira Abase , 15 -- traveled to Syria after flying from London to Istanbul on February 17 . Metropolitan Police on Monday announced a new media campaign to deter young people from traveling to Syria . Radio and press advertisements highlighting the influence a mother could have on her daughters would be placed in ethnic minority media , police said . The campaign said that it was mothers who often noticed changes in behavior that could signal an intention to travel to Syria , they said . There was increasing concern about the number of women traveling to Syria , Deputy Assistant Commissioner Helen Ball said . "  It is an extremely dangerous place , and the reality of the lifestyle they are greeted with when they arrive is far from that promoted online by terrorist groups , " she said . "  The option of returning home is often taken away from them , leaving families at home devastated and with very few options to secure a safe return for their loved one , " Ball said .	Metropolitan Police announce a media campaign to deter young people from traveling to Syria The Birmingham man , 18 , was detained at his home in a preplanned operation , they say Police said there was "  no immediate threat to public safety "
CNN  -- In a Connecticut elementary school , 26 people , including 20 children , were killed by a gunman Friday morning . This comes on the heels of a shooting rampage on Tuesday in Oregon , where a masked man opened fire into crowds at a mall , killing two before killing himself . Tragic images flash across our television screens and computer monitors , as they have so many times in recent memory . These events will once again set in motion a predictable cycle of ineffectual chatter about gun violence in America . We will be told that now is not the time to discuss policy . By tomorrow , a well-funded gun rights propaganda machine will move into action . For the adherents of this ideology , the solution to the problem of gun violence is not better regulations but more guns . School shootings ? Arm the teachers . Movie theater shootings ? Arm the moviegoers . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America Contemporary gun rights ideology makes a mockery of the Enlightenment ideals of the Framers of the Second Amendment . The Founders obviously supported gun ownership , but they favored strong gun regulation . America has the former , but nobody seems willing to talk rationally about the latter . We all need to take a cue from the Founding Fathers . Some have interpreted the Second Amendment 's affirmation of the right to bear arms as a barrier to reasonable regulation . Nothing could be further from the truth . The Second Amendment does not pose a barrier to gun regulation , it requires it . As long as there have been guns in America they have been regulated . It would have been impossible to muster the militia to fight the British if we applied today 's gun rights ideology to the American Revolution . Registration , mandatory inspection of firearms and frequent training were all essential to a well-regulated militia . In America today , we have many more guns , but far less government regulation of firearms . Our ideas of armed self-defense are at odds with the Founders ' vision . At the time the Second Amendment was written , the common law view of the right of self-defense inherited from England was very limited . Indeed , returning to the original understanding of the right of self-defense would require repealing "  stand your ground " laws that some states have adopted . Under English common law one had a legal duty to retreat , not stand your ground . As early as 1328 , Parliament acted to limit armed travel , with the notable exception that members of the nobility were allowed to travel with armed retainers , a legal recognition of the privileges of aristocratic birth . The American Revolution did not usher in a new era of expansive gun rights . Thomas Jefferson , one of the most pro-gun voices among the Founding generation , proposed but failed to secure a robust individual right to have arms included in the Virginia Declaration of Rights in 1776 . 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools Individual states did recognize a right to travel armed with a musket to meet the legal obligation to attend militia musters , but states and localities regulated the exercise of this right and in some cases prohibited traveling with a loaded weapon or discharging a weapon at or near a muster . In 1835 , Massachusetts passed a law that severely limited the right to travel armed : "  no person may go armed with a dirk , dagger , sword , pistol , or other offensive and dangerous weapon , without reasonable cause to apprehend an assault or violence to his person , family , or property . " The key legal concept here is reasonable cause for fear , precisely the standard that gun rights advocates wish to overturn and a federal court in New York recently upheld . Supporters of gun regulation won an important victory when the Second Circuit Court of Appeals upheld New York State 's requirement that one show "  proper cause " to obtain a license to carry a concealed handgun in public . The court rejected the idea that one had a right to carry arms in the absence of a reasonable fear of imminent violence . The lead plaintiff in the case , Alan Kachalsky , said that the court 's emphasis on reason is a "  ridiculous interpretation of the Second Amendment . " Sadly , the idea of reason has become ridiculous to some . Polls : Your thoughts on gun control But champions of gun control were handed a defeat when on Tuesday , in Illinois , the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the state 's ban on carrying a weapon in public is unconstitutional . In contrast to New York , and against the advice of experts , Illinois did not rewrite the law to include an exception for arming oneself when there was a reasonable fear of imminent danger . The Court of Appeals ' ruling in the New York case has put us in the right direction ; Illinois ought to follow New York 's example . It is time to inject more sense and reason back into America 's debate over guns . Not talking about changing our default gun policy will guarantee more tragedies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Saul Cornell .	In a Connecticut school , at least 26 were killed , including at least 20 children Saul Cornell : Gun rights ideology makes a mockery of values of Second Amendment He says New York recently upheld a reasonable gun law , but Illinois did not Cornell : It is time to inject more sense and reason back into the debate over guns
CNN  -- It all started with a simple phone call . But the result , Australian police say , is by far their largest seizure of methamphetamine -- as much as $ 450 million  438 million Australian dollars  worth of the destructive drug , shipped from southern China and caught in Sydney . Police have arrested three men in the operation -- an Australian , a Singaporean and a Hong Kong citizen -- and say they believe the bust has thrown a major international crime syndicate into disarray . More arrests could follow , they add . The complex operation involved multiple law enforcement agencies and months of monitoring shipments coming into Sydney . But the key to the whole process was a call five months ago from a member of the public in New South Wales to the state 's Asian Crime Squad , police said . "  That one phone call was the one thread that allowed us to pull and unravel a syndicate that will be stopped forever , " New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said at a news conference Thursday . Australian authorities found the drugs in Sydney last week , hidden among bags of chemicals for cleaning products in a container from the southern Chinese trading hub of Shenzhen , according to police . A big haul of ` ice ' In total , authorities seized 585 kilograms  more than half a ton  of methamphetamine , also known as ice . That is almost twice as big as their previous record haul of the drug , which took place in July . After confiscating the drugs , police replaced them with an "  inert substance , " and delivered them to a warehouse in Sydney , said Australian Federal Police Commissioner Tony Negus . Drug lab According to Negus , the three suspects arrived at the warehouse Wednesday , removed what they thought were the drugs and were then arrested . They have been charged with multiple offenses -- including attempting to possess a commercial quantity of a border-controlled drug -- for which the maximum penalty is life in prison and a fine of 1.275 million Australian dollars . Police say they also found a clandestine drug manufacturing laboratory during the operation . Officials described the bust as an important victory in the fight against the thriving trade of methamphetamine in Australia . "  Make no mistake , this is a hideous , insidious drug , " Scipione said . "  It 's the one drug that we know is so popular across Australia that we need to continue to do all we can to take it out of circulation , " he added . In 2012 : Australian police seize $ 526 million worth of meth and heroin	Authorities seize more than half a ton of methamphetamine in Sydney Police arrest three men , including a Singaporean and a Hong Kong citizen "  Make no mistake , this is a hideous , insidious drug , " a police official says
CNN  -- A double murderer was executed in Florida Wednesday night , becoming the third man put to death in an American prison during a 24-hour period . All three died by lethal injection . John Ruthell Henry , 63 , was declared dead at 7:43 p.m. ET at the Florida State Prison in Starke , according to CNN affiliate WFLA , which had a media witness inside the prison . Henry fatally stabbed his wife and her 5-year-old son from a previous marriage in December 1985 . In Georgia , Marcus A. Wellons , 59 , was declared dead at 11:56 p.m. ET Tuesday . Wellons was convicted in 1993 of raping and killing India Roberts , 15 , in Cobb County , just outside Atlanta . In Missouri , John Winfield was declared dead at 12:01 a.m. CT Wednesday , the state Department of Public Safety said . In 1996 he killed two women who were friends of his ex-girlfriend , whom he also shot , leaving her blind , reported CNN affiliate KOLR . Those three executions were the first in the United States since the botched execution of an Oklahoma man in April . The Oklahoma execution raised questions about how prisons use drugs in lethal injections .	John Ruthell Henry , 63 , was executed Wednesday in Florida He fatally stabbed his wife and her 5-year-old son in 1985 Two other men -- in Georgia and Missouri -- also were executed by lethal injection
CNN  -- An oil tanker bound for the United States was hijacked off Somalia with a crew of 28 aboard , maritime authorities said . The M/V Maran Centaurus was commandeered about 600 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles , on its way to New Orleans , Louisiana , according to the Maritime Security Center . The crew consists of 16 Filipinos , nine Greeks , two Ukrainians and a Romanian , said the security agency , which is run by the European naval force . The 300,000-ton tanker , which started out from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , was seized Sunday . It had changed course westward , toward Harardhere or Hobyo , along Somali 's central-western coast . Somali pirates have turned high-seas kidnappings into a lucrative business . Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 12 , including the fishing vessel Alakrana , Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon said recently . Attacks in the region have significantly increased this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . But successful attacks have gone down as a result of a strong presence of international monitors . The first nine months of this year have seen more pirate attacks than all of last year , the bureau reported on October 21 . From January 1 through September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , it said . More than half of this year 's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia .	M/V Maran Centaurus commandeered about 600 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles 300,000-ton tanker , which started out from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , was seized Sunday The crew consists of 16 Filipinos , nine Greeks , two Ukrainians and a Romanian
CNN  -- Sen. Joe Lieberman is crossing party lines and endorsing Republican Sen. John McCain for president . Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , is endorsing Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , for president . "  Being a Republican is important . Being a Democrat is important . But you know what 's more important than that ? The interest and well-being of the United States of America , " the Democrat-turned Independent said in announcing his decision Monday morning in New Hampshire . "  Let 's put the United States first again , and John McCain is the man as president who will help us do that , " he said . Lieberman , the Democrats ' vice presidential nominee in 2000 , said the next president needs to "  break through the reflexive partisanship that is poisoning our politics today and stopping us from getting anything done in Washington . " Watch Lieberman explain his move " In accepting Lieberman 's backing , McCain said , "  It is one of the great honors of my political career to have known him , to have worked with him and to have received his endorsement . " The Connecticut senator decided to endorse McCain because he considers him "  the most capable to be commander in chief on day one of his administration , and the most capable of uniting the country so that we can prevail against Islamic extremism , " a Lieberman aide said earlier . The Lieberman aide insists the senator does not see this as a "  commentary on or an endorsement of the Republican Party , only the person . " The endorsement could help emphasize McCain 's experience on national security issues , demonstrate his ability to work across party lines and perhaps help persuade Independent voters in New Hampshire to support his 2008 presidential bid , as many of them did during his first campaign in 2000 . McCain also picked up key endorsements this weekend from two of the most influential papers for voters in Iowa and New Hampshire , The Des Moines Register and The Boston Globe . Lieberman , who broke with the Democratic Party over Iraq , won re-election as an Independent after losing the party 's Senate nomination to an anti-war challenger in 2006 . He still caucuses with the Democrats , giving them their razor-thin majority in the chamber . Lieberman chairs the Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee , and he still attends weekly Democratic strategy meetings . But his adviser said the endorsement appears to be a "  hangover " from the 2006 race , when top Democrats backed the Democratic nominee , Ned Lamont , rather than support Lieberman 's Independent candidacy . "  I have the greatest respect for Joe , but I simply have to disagree with his decision to endorse Senator McCain , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , told CNN in a written statement . Lieberman 's office called Reid 's office Sunday to inform the Democratic leader of his decision to endorse a Republican , a Reid spokesman said . In response to the endorsement , Al From , founder and CEO of the Democratic Leadership Council , said , "  I am very saddened by Senator Lieberman 's choice , and profoundly disagree with it . We need to elect a Democratic president in 2008 . " Lieberman and McCain co-sponsored the 2002 resolution that authorized the U.S. invasion of Iraq the following March , and Lieberman has remained a supporter of the nearly 5-year-old war in Iraq at a time when Democratic leaders are trying to bring the conflict to an end . He had not planned to endorse anyone until after the primary season , but McCain asked for his endorsement a few days after the two men returned from a Thanksgiving trip to Iraq together , the aide said . A CNN/WMUR poll released last week found McCain tied for second in the New Hampshire , which hosts the first primary of the 2008 presidential race in January . He and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani both rated 19 percent support among New Hampshire Republicans , while Mitt Romney , the former governor of neighboring Massachusetts , led the race with 32 percent . The poll of 354 likely Republican primary voters was conducted from December 6 through December 10 . It has a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percentage points . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondents John King and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Sen. Joe Lieberman was Democrats ' vice presidential nominee in 2000 Lieberman broke with Democrats and became an Independent McCain picked up endorsements from The Des Moines Register , The Boston Globe McCain tied for second among GOP candidates in New Hampshire
CNN  -- Officials from the Massachusetts Port Authority issued an apology Wednesday after conducting a fire training exercise at Boston Logan International Airport on the 12th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . "  The fire department will be training this morning . Smoke on the airfield is part of the training , " the airport 's Twitter account announced . In response to negative reactions on social media sites , the port authority , which operates the airport , said in a statement , "  Massport apologizes for conducting the fire training exercise and understands that it may have offended many of those touched by the events of Sept. 11 . " "  It 's just dumb , " Gov. Deval Patrick said . "  The timing could not be worse . " American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 traveled out of Logan and struck the World Trade Center towers in New York City after being hijacked on September 11 , 2001 . The terror attack orchestrated by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden killed 2,977 people in New York City ; Washington , DC ; and Pennsylvania , in the worst such attack in U.S. history . Steve MacDonald , spokesman for the Boston Fire Department , told CNN on Wednesday that the department had no involvement and that the airport used its own fire department for the exercise . "  Safety and security is our top priority and constant vigilance and readiness is critical , but the exercise should not have taken place on the anniversary of 9/11 , " Massport 's apology stated . "  The airport community recognizes the day with moments of silence , a service in the chapel , and a wreath at the 9/11 memorial . " In an unrelated act of vandalism , police are trying to find out who placed two cardboard cutout images of crashing planes at the 9/11 Memorial in downtown Lafayette , Louisiana , according to CNN affiliate KATC .	Boston Logan International Airport holds fire training exercise on anniversary of 9/11 Massachusetts Port Authority issues apology in response to harsh condemnation Gov. Deval Patrick : "  The timing could not be worse "
