CNN  -- Keith Campbell , the scientist who helped pioneer the birth of Dolly the sheep , the world 's first mammal cloned from fully developed adult cells , has died , according to The University of Nottingham . Campbell , 58 , died on October 5 , according to a university statement released Thursday . His funeral has been scheduled for October 24 . The university did not say how he died . Campbell was part of a team at the Roslin Institute near Edinburgh , Scotland , that cloned Dolly in 1996 . Her birth made headlines worldwide , capturing the scientific imagination of many while generating intense controversy over the ethics of cloning . While Campbell is not listed in research papers as the principal investigator in papers related to Dolly 's cloning , the man who is -- Ian Wilmut -- told The Telegraph newspaper in 2009 that Campbell deserved much of the credit for the feat . He was more recently focused on the use of stem cells and gene transplantation as tools for studying and treating human disease , according to his research profile . Jose Cibelli , a Michigan State University researcher , said Campbell 's work has led directly to treatments that will soon be saving lives around the world . "  We anticipate that within the next five years , patients suffering from degenerative diseases will be treated -- if not cured -- using technology introduced by Dr. Campbell , " the university quoted him as saying . "  All these scientific breakthroughs Professor Campbell gave us did not happen by chance ; they are the product of years of study , hands-on experimentation and above all , a deep love for science . " Dolly died in 2003 . Her mounted remains are on display at the National Museum of Scotland . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Scientist was credited with much of the work behind Dolly 's cloning He was a researcher at Scottish institute when the sheep was cloned in 1996 The work is leading to therapies that will save lives , a researcher told Campbell 's university
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela once said his wife , Graca Machel , makes him "  bloom like a flower . " Despite her reluctance to marry him at first , they 've been inseparable since they tied the knot on his 80th birthday . Here are 10 things to know about the woman who was at the international icon 's side to the very end . She 's been first lady of two nations : Before she got married to the South African anti-apartheid icon , Machel was the first lady of Mozambique . Her husband , President Samora Machel , died in a mysterious plane crash in 1986 . She was much younger : When they got married in 1998 , she was 52 . But she says their advanced age made their relationship better . "  We were grown up ; we were settled ; we knew the value of a companion , of a partner , " she says . She separated the man from the icon : At the beginning of their relationship , Machel says , there was a conflict between the man she married and the world 's perception of him . "  The aura around him was a bit confusing . But then I learned to live with it , in terms of separating the two , " she told CNN 's Robyn Curnow in a rare interview in 2008 . South Africa was n't always in love with her : Protective of their beloved Madiba , the nation did not warm up to a foreign first lady at first . She remained in the background at the beginning , and then slowly won them over with her loyalty and laid-back demeanor . She has something in common with the Kennedys : In Mozambique , she was nicknamed Jackie Kennedy . Not just for her class and grace , but because of the tragedy that befell her husband while in office . It was n't love at first sight : After they met , she was reluctant to marry him or discuss their relationship in public . But Mandela wooed her the old-fashioned way , occasionally giving his bodyguards headaches as president when he 'd make unannounced stops to buy her chocolates . She 's kindred spirits with Mandela : Machel has something in common with her freedom fighter husband . While living in Mozambique , she was outspoken against the Portuguese colonial government . She 's qualified in her own right : She served as minister of education and culture in Mozambique for more than 10 years . She is especially passionate about youth education , and has served as an expert on children 's issues for the United Nations . She 's Mandela 's third wife : Mandela was first married to Evelyn Mase , but their marriage ended in divorce . In his biography "  Long Walk to Freedom , " Mandela has said Mase made him choose between family and politics . He later married Winnie Mandela , a firebrand who became his voice when he was in prison . After their contentious divorce in 1996 , Mandela married Machel two years later . Their wedding was private : Despite Mandela 's larger-than-life status , they got married on his birthday 15 years ago . Their wedding was a low-key event attended by close family and friends . Nelson Mandela : Surprising facts you probably did n't know	Graca Machel was reluctant to marry Nelson Mandela Her nickname was Jackie Kennedy Mandela has said she made him bloom "  like a flower "
CNN  -- Forbes ' list of the world 's wealthy has named Warren Buffett the richest person on the planet , surpassing his friend and philanthropic partner Bill Gates who had held the title for 13 consecutive years . American investor Warren Buffett has been named world 's richest person . The American investor and philanthropist is worth an estimated $ 62 billion , up $ 10 billion from a year ago thanks to surging prices of Berkshire Hathaway stock , according to Forbes magazine 's annual ranking of the world 's billionaires . Gates , the co-founder of Microsoft , is now ranked as the world 's third richest person . At $ 58 billion , his net worth is up $ 2 billion from a year ago . Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim Helu was named the world 's second richest man , with a net worth of around $ 60 billion , up $ 11 billion since last March . For the first time , Forbes ' rich list named more than 1,000 billionaires from around the world , with 226 newcomers . The total net worth of the group is $ 4.4 trillion , up $ 900 billion from 2007 . Watch who 's up and who 's down " This year 's survey finds an increasing number of the world 's richest coming from emerging markets , including China , India and Russia . Two years ago , 10 of the top 20 billionaires were from the United States . This year , there are only four . India is now home to four of the 10 richest people in the world , the highest number for a single country . But the United States still holds the top spot as the country with the most billionaires -- Americans account for 42 percent of the world 's billionaires and 37 percent of the total wealth , according to Forbes . With 87 billionaires , Russia is now in second place , overtaking Germany , with 59 billionaires , which had held that position for six years . It is also a record-breaking year for young billionaires , with Forbes listing 50 billionaires under the age of 40 . Check out the youngest billionaires " Over half of them are self-starters , including Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page , and India 's Sameer Gehlaut , who started online brokerage Indiabulls . Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , age 23 , was called "  quite possibly the world 's youngest self-made billionaire ever . " E-mail to a friend	Forbes crowns American investor Warren Buffett as world 's richest person After 13 years on top , Microsoft 's Bill Gates drops to number three position Russia replaces Germany as No. 2 country with 87 billionaires Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may be youngest self-made billionaire in history
Actor Paul Walker , who shot to fame as star of the high-octane street racing franchise "  Fast & Furious , " died in a fiery car crash in Southern California on Saturday . He was 40 . Walker was in the passenger seat of a 2005 Porsche Carrera GT , driven by a racing team partner , that slammed into a light pole and burst into flames in an office park in the community of Valencia in Santa Clarita , about 30 miles north of Hollywood . Walker 's publicist Ame van Iden confirmed his death Saturday . The driver , identified by CNN affiliate KCAL-TV as Roger Rodas , also died . "  Thank you all for your condolences and prayers while we mourn the loss of our loved ones , " read a message posted on the Facebook page for Always Evolving , the high-performance car shop owned by Rodas . Los Angeles Coroner Investigator Dana Bee told CNN on Sunday it would likely take 48 hours to officially identify the remains taken from the twisted wreckage . The families are gathering dental records for use in the identification , which is necessary because of the condition of the bodies , Bee said . Speed was a factor in the crash , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office said . A 45 mph speed limit sign was attached to the light pole knocked down by the Porsche . The car , which sold for $ 450,000 when new , is a notoriously difficult vehicle to handle , even for professional drivers , according to Autoweek magazine . A top driver called it "  scary , " the magazine reported Sunday . It is powered by a V-10 , 610-hp engine . The wreck took place about 3:30 p.m. just a few hundred yards from the shop owned by Rodas . Both men had attended a holiday toy drive for Walker 's charity , Reach Out Worldwide , hosted at the shop Saturday afternoon . Antonio Holmes told the Santa Clarita Valley Signal newspaper that he was at the charity event when Walker and Rodas left for a ride in the Porsche . "  We all heard from our location , " Holmes told the Signal . "  It 's a little difficult to know what it was . Someone called it in and said it was a vehicle fire . We all ran around and jumped in cars and grabbed fire extinguishers and immediately went to the vehicle . It was engulfed in flames . There was nothing . They were trapped . Employees , friends of the shop . We tried . We tried . We went through fire extinguishers . " A crowd of grieving fans , curious onlookers and media surrounded the crash site for hours , watching as investigators and firefighters worked to extract the bodies from the wreckage . A memorial of flowers , left by fans , remained on the charred roadside Sunday . Walker and Rodas had planned Saturday as a day to help survivors of victims of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . The car shop website invited customers to the Charity Toy Drive & Automotive Social Gathering . "  During the holiday season , many economically disadvantaged children from around the world are faced with the same dilemma year after year ; the lacking of joy and cheer , " the invitation read . "  Our goal here is to be able to provide aid to these less fortunate children in hopes of helping them grow up to become confident , responsible and productive young adults . " Walker 's charity is described as "  a network of professionals with first responder skill-sets who augment local expertise when natural disasters strike in order to accelerate relief efforts . " The website lists Rodas as captain and lead driver of the shop 's racing team . Walker is also listed as a team driver . Hollywood left stunned by Walker 's death Walker 's generosity Tales of the actor 's philanthropy are not new . CNN confirmed one story from a decade ago when Walker noticed a young U.S. military veteran shopping with his fiance for a wedding ring in a Santa Barbara jewelry store . "  The groom was just back from duty in Iraq , and he was going to be deployed again soon and wanted to buy a wedding ring , but he said he just could not afford it , " saleswoman Irene King told CNN . "  I do n't think the soldier realized how expensive those rings are , about $ 10,000 . " Although Walker noticed them , the couple apparently did not know who he was , King said . "  Walker called the manager over and said , ` Put that girl 's ring on my tab , ' " she said . "  Walker left all his billing info , and it was a done deal . The couple was stunned . She was thrilled and could not believe someone did this . " King called it "  the most generous thing I have ever seen . " Box office success Walker 's career began on the small screen , first with a commercial for Pampers when he was 2 , and then with parts in shows such as "  Highway to Heaven " and "  Touched by an Angel . " His first few movie roles were as supporting characters in teen flicks , most notably in "  Varsity Blues . " His career really took off when he was cast as undercover cop Brian O'Conner infiltrating a street-racing gang in 2001 's "  The Fast and the Furious . " The box-office success of the surprise summer hit yielded numerous sequels . And along with Vin Diesel , Walker was one of the franchise stalwarts . At the time of his death , he was working on the seventh film of the franchise , due out next year . Walker was n't just a car enthusiast on the silver screen ; offscreen , the actor competed in the Redline Time Attack racing series . On his verified Twitter account , Walker described himself as "  outdoorsman , ocean addict , adrenaline junkie ... and I do some acting on the side . " Walker also is the star of "  Hours , " an independent film scheduled to be released December 13 about a father struggling to keep his newborn infant alive in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans . Twitter and other social media exploded with reactions to Walker 's death . "  Completely numb and saddened to hear of the tragic death of Paul Walker , " wrote one . Hollywood condolences came from Will Smith , Jack Osbourne , DMX and others . "  No , @RealPaulWalker . No . No . No , " tweeted actress Alyssa Milano . Walker appeared with her as a guest star in the '80s comedy "  Who 's the Boss ? " "  Rest with the angels . You . Sweet boy . #beauty #love #RIP . " Walker is survived by his 15-year-old daughter , Meadow . People we lost in 2013	Autoweek : The Porsche Carrera GT is a hard car to drive , even for professionals Paul Walker 's racing team partner was driving the Porsche , CNN affiliate reports Official identification of the remains will take days , coroner investigator says Speed was a factor , the sheriff 's office says
Miami  CNN  -- A Florida father found in a contaminated pest control truck with his seriously injured son and a bagged body has been charged with aggravated child abuse , authorities said Tuesday night . George Barahona , 53 , will likely face other charges from the "  complicated " investigation , said Chase Scott , a spokesman for the West Palm Beach Police Department . The incident began Monday morning when a pest control truck pulled to the side of Interstate 95 in the West Palm Beach area . Firefighters called to the scene found the man and boy suffering from some type of illness , Scott said . Barahona and his son , Victor , 10 , were rushed to hospitals in serious condition , Scott said . The father is in intensive care in another hospital , but is lucid and has talked with investigators , police said . The charge is related to his 10-year-old son . The boy suffered burns and injuries from inhaling unknown contaminants , Scott said . "  He is in a difficult medical condition " and is in isolation . "  He did suffer some burns from the chemicals that were on his clothing and his body , " Scott said . Investigators found in the rear of a truck a somewhat deteriorated bagged body . Workers had to don emergency hazardous materials outfits and wrapped the body twice more to limit exposure . The workers were later decontaminated . Police do n't know how long father and son were exposed to the toxins , Scott said . "  They were incredibly toxic chemicals . " The body was taken to the county medical examiner 's office for positive identification , said Scott , adding investigators have an idea of who it might be . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is examining the truck and chemicals , Scott said . The entire vehicle , which was emitting fumes , is covered in unidentified chemicals , according to Scott . The FBI has been asked to assist ; it is taking samples to identify the makeup of what Scott described as a highly toxic liquid . Neighbors of Barahona told reporters that he is an exterminator . Within the past few days a child protection investigation had been opened to look into a complaint involving the Barahona family , said Florida Department of Children and Families spokesman Mark Riordan . The agency is responsible for investigating allegations of abuse , abandonment and neglect of a minor . He would not elaborate on the nature of the complaint in this case , but said the agency has investigated complaints about the family in the past , "  Several times we 've been out to the home , " he said . The Barahonas had adopted four children , including Victor , from Florida 's foster care system , Riordan said . Police have spoken with Victor 's mother , Scott said . "  We 're in the preliminary stages of an extremely tragic , complex set of circumstances , " Riordan said . "  We 're working side by side with law enforcement from two jurisdictions to make sure from DCF 's perspective that the children are safe . " To ensure their safety , the "  remaining " children have been removed from the family home and have been placed with a close relative , Riordan told CNN . He would not specify how many children were removed . Law enforcement officials in West Palm Beach are handling the death investigation , while authorities in the Miami area , where the Barahona home is located , are looking into the family and the safety of the children , Riordan said . Scott said some firefighters became sick from fumes coming from the vehicle , but they have all been treated and released . A guard and others at the hospital where the boy was taken also complained of feeling ill . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report	NEW : Father charged with aggravated child abuse No identification has been made on the body , which was found in a bag The son is in serious condition ; the father is in intensive care Florida 's Department of Children and Families is involved in the case
CNN  -- Bitcoin is still in beta , and users should only invest what they can afford to lose , Bitcoin Foundation executive director Jon Matonis says . "  It 's still experimental , even though it 's five years old and very successful , it still is considered experimental , " Matonis told CNN 's Jim Boulden at the world 's biggest mobile tech trade show in Barcelona . "  I do n't think that people should treat it as non-experimental . You should only invest in trade what you can afford to lose , " he said . Matonis ' comments to CNN at Mobile World Congress come just days after Mt. Gox , one of the world 's largest Bitcoin exchanges , was taken offline , putting millions of dollars of investors ' money at risk and shaking confidence in the digital currency . On Friday , Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy protection at a Tokyo court on Friday with debts of 6.5 billion yen  $ 64 million  , Japanese media reported . Matonis , speaking before Mt. Gox 's bankruptcy filing , told CNN the melt-down represented the opposite of "  too big to fail capitalism " because it was not bailed out . "  If this had been a traditional financial institution , the losses would probably be papered over with tax payer money . We did n't see that in this case , " he said . Mt. Gox has been mired in problems since February 7 , when it halted withdrawals from its accounts . The company 's computer programmers had n't accounted for a quirk in the way Bitcoin works , allowing cyber attackers to dupe Mt.Gox with a scheme resembling receipt fraud . When Mt. Gox discovered it was under attack , it stopped any investors from pulling their money out of their trading platform . Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles resigned from the Bitcoin Foundation 's board of directors on Sunday . Matonis remained bullish about Bitcoin 's future , telling CNN the currency was "  massively resilient . " Further , he said , "  the exchanges that are still in existence and operating will tend to be stronger because of this . " Matonis said the currency would move out of beta in the next few years . "  I would say in about three to five years we 'll start seeing user-friendly apps which really will complete the transition to mainstream . It should be as easy to download and use Bitcoin apps as it is to download something like Skype , " he said . The currency has fluctuated wildly in value since its inception in 2009 , shooting to $ 1,000 in December as investors began leaping into the currency . It is now around $ 545 . Some traditional businesses , including online retailer Overstock.com , some Subway sandwich shops and Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic , have begun accepting Bitcoin . But the anonymous nature of the currency also has linked it with less reputable outlets . Bitcoin and other digital "  cryptocurrencies " have been the de facto payment system on underground websites that deal in drugs , weapons and other illegal merchandise . Read more : Bitcoin ATMs coming to a corner near you	Bitcoin 's executive director Jon Matonis tells CNN people should only invest what they can lose His comments come after the meltdown of Mt Gox , one of the biggest Bitcoin exchanges Matonis says Bitcoin is still considered experimental , even though it 's very successful Since its inception in 2009 , Bitcoin has fluctuated wildly in value
CNN  -- Michael Vick turned himself in to authorities on Monday to get a head start on serving his sentence for running a dogfighting ring , the U.S. Marshals Service said . Michael Vick leaves court in Richmond , Virginia , in August after pleading guilty to dogfighting charges . The Atlanta Falcons quarterback is scheduled to be sentenced on December 10 on a federal conspiracy charge of bankrolling the dogfighting operation . Vick , 27 , voluntarily turned himself in around noon , said Kevin Trevillan of the Marshals Service , and is being held at Northern Neck Regional Jail in Warsaw , Virginia , until the sentencing hearing . The quarterback , who has been suspended indefinitely by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , faces 12 to 18 months in prison on the charge . Vick pleaded guilty in August after three associates admitted their own roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . "  From the beginning , Mr. Vick has accepted responsibility for his actions and his self-surrender further demonstrates that acceptance , " Vick 's attorney , Billy Martin , said in a statement . "  Michael wants to again apologize to everyone who has been hurt in this matter and he thanks all of the people who have offered him and his family prayers and support during this time , " Martin 's statement said . CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin speculated that Vick started his sentence early "  to get it out of the way . " Watch Toobin explain why Vick would surrender early " On September 25 , a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants -- Purnell Peace , 35 , of Virginia Beach , Virginia ; Quanis Phillips , 28 , of Atlanta , Georgia ; and Tony Taylor , 34 , of Hampton , Virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at Vick 's home outside Newport News . The Surry County grand jury brought two charges against the four men : one count of unlawfully torturing and killing dogs and one of promoting dogfights . Each is a felony charge that could result in a five-year prison term . In addition , Taylor faces three additional counts of unlawful torture and killing of dogs . A hearing in that case is set for November 27 , but Vick does not have to be in court at that time . In September , Vick was put under tight restrictions by the federal court after he tested positive for marijuana use . Vick tested positive for the drug on September 13 , a court document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows . As a result , U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson ordered Vick to "  submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . " Those methods could include random drug testing , a remote alcohol testing system "  and/or any form of prohibited substance screening or testing , " the order said . Vick was also ordered to stay home between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. , "  or as directed by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer , " the order said . He was to be electronically monitored during that time . Vick must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling "  if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer " at his own expense , the order said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Vick 's attorney says early surrender shows Vick accepts responsibility Sentencing set for December 10 on dogfighting charges against Michael Vick Atlanta Falcons quarterback pleaded guilty in August Monday , he surrendered to begin whatever sentence he gets on December 10
RollingStone.com  -- When the Flaming Lips took the stage toward the end of the annual Tibet House benefit show at Carnegie Hall last night , there were none of the mirror balls or laser beams that typically end a Lips show -- but the band had a different surprise in store . After a stunning take on rarely played "  Soft Bulletin " track "  Feeling You Disintegrate , " frontman Wayne Coyne invited composer Philip Glass to the stage 's grand piano . "  We 've been rehearsing with him all day , " Coyne said . "  And he 's pretty f -- ing cool . " The band kicked into a slow , hushed version of their classic "  Do You Realize ? " , Coyne strumming his acoustic guitar , the body of which was connected to a green bubble . Late in the song , Glass took over with a spiraling piano line that vaguely hinted at the Lips ' melody while guitarist Steven Drozd slowly added chilling touches of reverb . Coyne looked visibly moved and stopped playing entirely , closed his eyes and raised his fist , grinning . Rolling Stone : Exclusive performance : The Flaming Lips rehearse trippy version of ` Do You Realize ? ' "  Playing with him is how playing with Syd Barrett must have been , " Coyne said after the performance , "  Changing something just as you 're catching on . And that 's exactly what you want . " This year marked the 61st anniversary of the 1950 Chinese invasion of Tibet , and the benefit -- which also featured Patti Smith , Michael Stipe , Taj Mahal and the Roots -- is in its 21st year . The show kicked off with several Tibetan monks in robes chanting in front of a large painting of the region 's sprawling Potala Palace . The Roots were the first performers to bring the entire audience to their feet when they were joined by Angelique Kidjo for a rousing "  Move on Up . " Their peak was their take on Neil Young 's "  Down by the River , " a reprise from their Carnegie appearance last month at a Young tribute show . Guitarist Captain Kirk Douglas took center stage , wailing on his Gibson SG and throwing in riffs of "  Hey Joe " under Young 's lyrics . R.E.M. are n't touring off "  Collapse into Now "  out March 8th  , but Michael Stipe looked thrilled to be onstage . He debuted two never-performed R.E.M. songs : "  Saturn Return , " off 2008 's "  Reveal , " which he performed standing behind the piano , and gorgeous new "  Collapse " track "  Everyday is Yours to Win . " He told the crowd he had only played the song in bassist Mike Mills ' living room in L.A. two weeks earlier , but it sounded like an R.E.M. classic . Rolling Stone : Michael Stipe discusses making "  Collapse into Now " at rehearsal for Tibet House Benefit Concert Last year , Iggy Pop made a scene stage diving into the relatively stiff Carnegie crowd as Smith watched from the side of the stage . This year , she gave the most aggressive performance , beginning with the Youngbloods ' "  Get Together , " which sounded like more of a plea than ever , and then kicked into an apocalyptic take on Buddy Holly 's "  Not Fade Away . " Her band grooved on the raucous Bo Diddley beat while Smith gave an impassioned speech that proved she 's been glued to the news lately . "  In Cairo and Wisconsin ... . the people are taking to the streets , taking the power ! " she yelled . She also cited recent mysterious incidents -- thousands of blackbirds falling from the sky and dead fish washing up in Arkansas -- saying , "  Mother Nature is calling with such anguish . We must find a way to show love , because if you do n't show love for Mother Nature , she will fucking take you down ! " Rolling Stone : Video : Watch Iggy Pop 's final stage dive at Carnegie Hall At the after party at New York 's Gotham Hall , Coyne clutched he scarves he wore during his performance . He was still beaming from playing with Glass . "  There 's a vulnerability to the song , and I think he knew that , " Coyne said . "  That vulnerability makes all the difference . That makes it believable and makes it seem like anything can happen . " Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	This year marked the 61st anniversary of the 1950 Chinese invasion of Tibet The benefit in its 21st year The Roots were the first performers to bring the entire audience to their feet
CNN  -- Justin Rose could n't miss when he was part of Europe 's triumphant Ryder Cup team last year but his putter let him down when his time came to force a playoff at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship . The Englishman 's putt caught the lip but did n't drop meaning Jamie Donaldson was able to secure his second European Tour victory without the nerve-shredding tension of a head-to-head over an extra few holes . It took the 37-year-old Welshman 255 appearances to claim his maiden victory on the Tour -- at the Irish Open last year -- but only another 14 to land one of the most prestigious trophies on the circuit . Donaldson carded a four-under-par final round of 68 but he dropped a shot on the final hole , opening the door to Rose and Denmark 's 23-year-old Thorbjorn Olesen , who was also one shot back . But both players missed with their birdie attempts to secure Donaldson a title he admitted he thought he had no chance of winning during a pro-am tournament at the course on Wednesday . "  It 's pretty surreal , " Donaldson said at the presentation . "  I played good golf all week , particularly today . I got away with murder up the last to be fair , but I 'm very happy to be stood here with the trophy . "  It 's a funny old game . I came during the week to play the pro-am and thought the course was too difficult . To be stood here holding the trophy is just mad . "  It was a nerve racking wait . I thought I hit a good putt on the last , I just misread it . I thought one of them would hole , if not both . I thought it was going to be a playoff , but when both slid by I knew it was my week . " Donaldson 's impressive 2012 catapulted him to No. 47 in the world rankings -- he is set to climb higher with this latest triumph -- and secured him an invitation to the first major championship of the year , The Masters at Augusta in April . He carded five birdies in the opening 17 holes to overtake a stuttering Rose , who bogeyed three of his first 16 . Rose , instrumental in Europe 's Ryder Cup comeback at Medinah last October , struggled on the greens to relinquish his grip on the tournament . The lead was briefly held by England 's David Howell , a member of Europe 's winning Ryder Cup teams of 2004 and 2006 , as he continued his resurgence having been 569th in the world rankings three years ago . But an inexplicable four-putt from four feet on the 13th saw him plummet down the leaderboard . In a sparkling round , Donaldson 's only dropped shot came on the final hole , which opened the door to the chasing duo , but neither Rose nor Olesen could take advantage as they shared second place . Portugal 's Ricardo Santos came fourth on 11-under while South Africa 's Branden Grace was a shot further back on 10-under . Both Tiger Woods and world No. 1 Rory McIlroy failed to make the cut . Donaldson said he was delighted with his recent form , and to pick up another title so soon after his first triumph at the 2012 Irish Open . "  It 's like buses I suppose , it took a while , " he added . "  I had four years in wilderness if you like . To come through and win the Irish Open was fantastic and to top it off with this has been awesome . " As for his chances of winning the Masters he said : "  You never know in this game , like I say you are stood here thinking on Wednesday you 've got no chance and here I am with the trophy . "  I 've got to keep working hard and doing the things that enabled me to win this trophy . "	Welshman Jamie Donaldson usurps Justin Rose to win HSBC Abu Dhabi Golf Championship Donaldson shoots 68 to win by one shot as Rose misses putt on 18th to force playoff Rose led by two going into final day but Welshman records second European Tour win Two of Nike 's stars , Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy , missed the cut on Friday
CNN  -- Let 's be clear : Israel 's latest operation in Gaza is not about security . Cease-fires between Hamas-ruled Gaza and Israel have brought security for months on end and there is ample evidence to show that Israel is largely responsible for truce breakdowns . Israel decided to escalate the conflict last Wednesday with its assassination of Hamas leader Ahmed al-Ja ` abari despite a truce that had been observed by all Palestinian factions during the previous two days . Read more on CNNArabic And even though they knew that al-Ja ` abari had just received a proposal for a permanent truce agreement with Israel , as revealed in Haaretz . Some analysts have tied Israel 's latest operation to the forthcoming elections , a way of cementing victory for Benjamin Netanyahu . Previous prime ministers have tried it , and failed . Netanyahu had previously avoided such operations but he seems to have succumbed , although events can spiral out of his control , as Hamas hits near Tel Aviv and Jerusalem have shown . But at the end of the day , the loss of Palestinian lives will far exceed that of Israelis . During Israel 's last major operation against Gaza , the devastating three-week assault it launched on December 27 , 2008 despite a cease-fire that had held for months , nearly 1,400 Palestinians were killed and thousands injured , compared to 13 Israelis  four from friendly fire . In the present attacks , more than 100 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed so far . CNN Poll : 57 % of Americans say Israeli attacks in Gaza are justified The loss of life in armed conflict is always tragic , and much more so when those lives could have been spared by a cease-fire . What is particularly heartbreaking about the population in Gaza , against the backdrop of broader Palestinian dispossession , is that they have nowhere to run . CNN iReport : Share your images but stay safe . Israel 's blockade is now into its seventh year , while the new Egyptian government has not yet significantly opened Gaza 's only non-Israeli border crossing at Rafah . There are arguably two other factors behind Israel 's new operation . One is deterrence , as Gabi Siboni , an Israeli colonel emphasized in The New York Times : "  Deterrence has to be maintained . It was only a question of time until this moment arrived . " Put differently , Israel will ignore any cease-fire at will . Blogger Jerry Haber recalls his conversation with an Israeli military expert shortly after Operation Cast Lead who said that Israel deliberately provoked Hamas rocket fire so it could do a little "  spring cleaning " and deplete Hamas 's weapons . He said this happened every few years . And here we are , four years on . The second reason for the attacks on Gaza is that Israel may be testing the boundaries of the changes brought about by the Arab uprisings to see just how far it can push the U.S. , Egypt , and the Palestinian leadership . Read related : How Middle East has changed since last Gaza conflict There is clearly no change from the U.S. , whose spokespersons unquestioningly supported Israel 's right to "  self-defense . " By contrast , Egypt 's Mohammed Morsi unreservedly condemned the attack , sending his prime minister and other officials to Gaza to effectively serve as human shields : An Israeli attack on the officials would have meant a real rupture with Egypt . The signals from the Palestinian Authority  PA  have been mixed . PA security forces have brutally cracked down on some of the demonstrations protesting Israel 's assault on Gaza as part of their security coordination with Israel . At the same time , PA head Mahmoud Abbas has been urging Arab and international action to bring about an end to the fighting and speaking of reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas . With the impending bid to upgrade the status of the Palestinian territories at the United Nations to that of non-member observer state , the PA and the Palestine Liberation Organization  PLO  can not abandon Gaza to its fate . This is a sharp reversal of PLO behavior during Operation Cast Lead in 2009 , when it resisted attempts to bring about an immediate cease-fire so as to please the U.S. -- so much so that the then-president of the U.N. General Assembly , the Nicaraguan priest Father Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann , effectively accused them of complicity though without naming names . Read latest : Reports from CNN on the ground in the Gaza-Israel conflict Four years on , the PLO/PA has little faith in the U.S. commitment to a two-state solution and none in Israel 's . In any case , the PLO/PA can not afford to be seen to be less pro-Palestinian than Egypt . Even the U.S. may not be able to completely ignore Arab sentiments in an era of disappearing dictatorships . What is needed now is an immediate cease-fire , pushed by Palestinian and Arab leaders and supported by the international community , whether Israel wants it or not . It is imperative to end the bloodshed now , and then work for a just peace that will end it for all time .	Palestinian political analyst : "  Israel largely responsible for truce breakdowns -LSB- with Gaza -RSB- " Nadia Hijab : Israel 's new operations could be motivated by forthcoming Israeli elections Israel could also be looking to maintain a deterrence , says Hijab "  What is needed now is an immediate cease-fire , " Hijab says
CNN  An unmanned Russian spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere after flight controllers lost contact with it , American astronaut Scott Kelly said Wednesday . The spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere in about a week , Roscosmos , the Russian Federal Space Agency , said Wednesday . "  Roscosmos  the Russian Federal Space Agency  announced that the Progress will not be docking and will re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere , " Kelly said from the space station . The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7 , according to Roscosmos . The Progress vehicle does not present any danger to the International Space Station due to a significant difference in orbit , Roscosmos added . The Russia space agency said it is working on its next supply flight to the ISS and expects to launch a new Progress ship in the third quarter of this year . Russia lost contact with ISS Progress 59 during a resupply mission to the International Space Station . The ship is now spinning out of control , NASA said . Even if Russia had n't lost contact with the craft , the original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth 's atmosphere -- albeit with garbage rather than a full load of equipment for the space station . According to NASA information on the Progress resupply vehicle , "  After the cargo is removed and before the Progress undocks , the crew refills it with trash , unneeded equipment and wastewater , which will burn up with the spacecraft when it re-enters the Earth 's atmosphere . " The cargo spacecraft launched successfully early Tuesday from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan . But after it separated from the Soyuz booster rocket 's third stage , Russian flight controllers were unable to confirm the health of all the spacecraft 's systems , including the deployment of navigational antennae , NASA said . "  The spacecraft made another pass over Russian ground stations and continued to experience telemetry problems regarding the deployment of navigational antennas and the pressurization of the manifolds in the propulsion system , " the American space agency said in an update . A planned rendezvous with the ISS six hours later was initially postponed to Thursday but has now been canceled , NASA said in its latest update . "  Docking has been called off for the Progress 59 spacecraft , " it said . "  Russian flight controllers are continuing to assess the vehicle and what the plan going forward will be . Additional information will be provided as it becomes available . " Few details have been forthcoming so far from Roscosmos . According to NASA , the cargo ship is carrying more than 3 tons of food , fuel , oxygen , spare parts and scientific experiment hardware for the space station . But the hitch will not put the six ISS crew members at risk , NASA said . "  The spacecraft was not carrying any supplies critical for the United States Operating Segment  USOS  of the station , " a statement said . "  Both the Russian and USOS segments of the station continue to operate normally and are adequately supplied well beyond the next planned resupply flight . " That next flight , which will be the seventh SpaceX commercial resupply services mission to the space station , is not scheduled to take off before June 19 , NASA said . Meanwhile , Russian flight controllers continue their efforts to make contact with Progress 59 as it passes over Russian ground stations . NASA said Tuesday that Russian flight controllers had "  confirmed that the vehicle had entered into a slow spin and have issued commands to attempt to control it . " According to Russian state news agency Tass , six attempts to make contact were to be made Wednesday . The U.S. supplies on board the spacecraft include spare parts for the station 's environmental control and life support system , backup spacewalk hardware and crew clothing , "  all of which are replaceable , " NASA said . U.S. astronaut Terry Virts , from Maryland , is the current space station commander . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Suzanne Presto and Amanda Barnett contributed to this report .	Progress 59 spacecraft will re-enter Earth 's atmosphere in a week , Russia space agency says NASA : Russian flight controllers have been trying to make contact with the unmanned space freighter Space station crew can manage without supplies carried by the spacecraft , NASA says
CNN  -- Hundreds of flights were canceled Wednesday nationwide -- including Chicago and Denver -- because of bad weather , airport officials said . Airlines reported 400 cancellations out of 1,700 flights daily at Denver International Airport because of a storm that was forecast to dump 7 inches of snow in the area , the airport said at 2:50 p.m.  4:50 p.m. ET  . The announcement came before the heavy snow had arrived . Delays at the Denver airport averaged just over two hours and 15 minutes , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . And there would be no home runs flying out of Coors Field either , as snow prompted the postponement of Wednesday 's night baseball game between the Colorado Rockies and New York Mets . The city 's National Weather Service forecast calls for snow continuing into Wednesday night , when temperatures should dip to as low as 15 degrees . The weather should take a marked turn for the better later in the week , with a 49-degree high and mostly sunny skies predicted for Friday . Strong storm causes damage in Oklahoma Other parts of Colorado -- specifically northern El Paso County , including Monument and Black Forest -- were under a blizzard warning through Thursday morning . The National Weather Service forecasts that communities in this area could see up to 6 inches of snow and winds averaging 20 to 40 mph , with gusts blowing at speeds of up to 60 mph . At O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , meanwhile , more than 300 flights were canceled because of strong rainstorms . The Chicago Department of Aviation reported the cancellations at 3:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  , though the situation did n't necessarily get better as the day wore on . At 6 p.m. , the FAA reported that flights were arriving more than four hours later than usual . Delays for flights that were still on -- both in and out of the busy Illinois airport -- averaged one hour or more . Airlines reported delays of 30 minutes or more at Midway , another Chicago airport , the city department said . The showers and thunderstorms hitting the region Wednesday are expected to continue into Thursday . The weather service said these storms could produce small hail and gusty winds in Chicago , in addition to heavy rains that could cause flooding . Video : What is dark lightning and how dangerous is it ? Testing planes to withstand wild weather CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : There 's a four-plus hour delay at Chicago 's O'Hare airport ; 300 flights canceled The Chicago area is hit with hail , strong winds and heavy rain 400 flights are canceled in Denver due to snow A blizzard warning is in effects for parts of central Colorado
CNN  -- An Iranian human-rights activist and Nobel laureate has joined the legal team of an Iranian-American journalist convicted of spying and jailed in Iran . Shirin Ebadi , a civil rights leader in Iran , was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 . Shirin Ebadi , who won a Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 , took up the case of Roxana Saberi at the request of Saberi 's family , her father , Reza Saberi , told CNN Wednesday . Ebadi heads the Center for Defenders of Human Rights in Iran . Saberi , 31 , was sentenced Saturday to eight years in prison after a one-day trial that was closed to the public . President Obama , as well as other U.S. and international officials sharply denounced the decision . The Rev. Jesse Jackson has offered to travel to Iran to help seek Saberi 's release . "  If our voices are heard in Iran today , I would be anxious to travel with a delegation to Iran , if we are permitted , and make an appeal for her freedom , " said the longtime civil rights activist , according to his Rainbow PUSH Coalition . Jackson , 67 , spoke Tuesday at a peace conference in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  Whenever we 've brought people out of captivity , whether in Syria , Cuba , Iraq or Yugoslavia , or Liberia , it 's always opened a diplomatic door to reduce tensions , " he said . Saberi 's attorneys said they will appeal her conviction . Judiciary Chief Ayatollah Hashemi Shahroudi ordered the head of Tehran 's Justice Department to make sure the appeals process is quick and fair . Jackson has offered in the past to help release American hostages , most recently in 2005 . At that time , he said he was willing to use his role as a religious leader to help secure the release of Roy Hallums , who was kidnapped along with five others in Baghdad in November 2004 . Hallums was freed in September 2005 when U.S. troops raided the farmhouse where he being held outside Baghdad . In 1984 , Jackson secured the release of a Navy pilot held in Syria . In 1991 , he helped secure the release of 500 "  international guests " held in Iraq . And in 1999 , he persuaded Yugoslavia to release three U.S. soldiers held there during the Kosovo conflict . Obama has called for Saberi 's release , saying he is "  gravely concerned with her safety and well-being . " Watch how U.S.-Iranian relations are complicated " "  We are working to make sure that she is properly treated , and to get more information about the disposition of her case , " Obama said Sunday . "  She is an American citizen , and I have complete confidence that she was not engaging in any sort of espionage . " Iranian officials initially said Saberi was held for buying a bottle of wine . The Foreign Ministry later said she was detained for reporting without proper credentials . Saberi , who comes from North Dakota , has been living in Iran since 2003 , said the Committee to Protect Journalists , a journalists ' advocacy group . She has freelanced for National Public Radio and other news organizations , and was writing a book about Iranian culture . Iranian authorities revoked her press credentials in 2006 , but Saberi continued to file short news items without permission , the journalists ' group said . Saberi was detained in January , although no formal charges were disclosed . On April 9 , word emerged that Saberi had been charged with espionage . "  Without press credentials and under the name of being a reporter , she was carrying out espionage activities , " Hassan Haddad , a deputy public prosecutor , told the Iranian Students News Agency . Authorities also said Saberi had confessed . Her father said he thinks she was coerced into making damaging statements . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	2003 Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi offers to help in Iran Ebadi heads the Center for Defenders of Human Rights in Iran Journalist Roxana Saberi worked for NPR , was writing a book , accused of spying Rev. Jesse Jackson offers to go to Iran to help negotiate Saberi 's release
CNN caught up with Italian midfield legend Andrea Pirlo who gave us his insight into the World Cup holders and made his predictions for this summer 's tournament in South Africa . Describe Italy 's coach Marcello Lippi : He is serious but just when you have to work or when he has to deal with the press . With the players he is able to joke around and create a good atmosphere . He is a delightful person and a great coach . Are Italy too old to win the World Cup again ? There are so many players with experience , I would say we are experienced , not old . And considering we have played together at the highest level for a long time we can go far at the World Cup . Who impressed you the most during qualifying ? Spain and Germany -- Spain are the team that has been playing better . They are amongst the favorites . Who can be the surprise package ? I like the Ivory Coast . They did not play particularly well at the Africa Cup of Nations but they are full of talent . Who is the most passionate player ? -LSB- Gennaro -RSB- Gattuso , who shows his passion in the way he plays and for sure also -LSB- Gianluigi -RSB- Buffon and -LSB- Fabio -RSB- Cannavarro . Who plays the most practical jokes ? Me , -LSB- Daniele -RSB- De Rossi and Gattuso . There 's enough understanding between veterans to do that . Who is the most vain guy on the team ? -LSB- Gianluca -RSB- Zambrotta is that kind of guy . He uses a lot of cream and gels . He would like to be always perfect but he is not able to be ! And who is the last one on the bus ? That is easy -LSB- Mauro -RSB- Camoranesi -- if there is someone missing on the bus , in the briefings it is always the same guy -- Camoranesi .	Pirlo believes Spain have the best chance of lifting the World Cup this summer Gennaro Gattuso is the most passionate player in the Italian national team Pirlo believes Ivory Coast are full of talent and may be a surprise in South Africa
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel made the perfect start in his bid for an historic world title triple by setting the fastest time in both practice sessions Friday for the United States Grand Prix . Formula One is returning to the U.S. for the first time in five years on the new Circuit of Americas in Austin , Texas and the Red Bull star wasted little time in setting the pace . The 25-year-old German can become the youngest three-time champion and only the third to achieve the feat after Juan Manuel Fangio and Michael Schumacher this weekend . He leads Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso by 10 points with two races remaining and if he gains 15 points more than the Spaniard on Sunday the title will be his . Can F1 rekindle it 's American dream ? Vettel had problems with a water leak at the start of the second session and had to take to the escape road on Turn 12 on one of his runs , but his best time of one minute 37.718 seconds took him clear of the pack . Teammate Mark Webber of Australia was second quickest with Alonso third ahead of the McLaren pair of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button . Kimi Raikkonen , who won the last round of the F1 season in Abu Dhabi , was only 11th fastest in his Lotus . Earlier , Vettel was quickest in the first competitive F1 action on the 5.516 km track with a time of one minute 38.125 seconds . He was nearly one and a half seconds faster than Hamilton , but all the drivers were cautious as they adjusted to a slippery and unknown track , which had not been "  rubbered " in . It was the biggest margin at the end of any practice session this season to underline his recent dominance . Saturday sees qualifying to decide grid positions for the race proper .	Sebastian Vettel dominates practice at United States Grand Prix F1 championship leader fastest in both morning and afternoon sessions Red Bull star can clinch third straight world title this weekend Nearest challenger Fernando Alonso third fastest for Ferrari in second runs
CNN  -- Christian Eshiett was a rambunctious pre-teen who spent a lot of time cavorting with his friends in southern Nigeria . He would skip school and run away from home for days , frustrating his grandfather , who oversaw the boy 's care . Children branded as witches protest on February 26 , 2009 , in the southern Nigerian city of Eket . "  I beat him severely with canes until they broke , yet he never shed a tear , " said Eshiett Nelson Eshiett , 76 . "  One day , I took a broom to hit him and he started crying . Then I knew he was possessed by demons . ... Nigerian witches are terrified of brooms . " From that day two years ago , Christian , now 14 , was branded a witch . The abuse intensified . "  They would take my clothes off , tie me up and beat me , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . The teen is one of the so-called witch children in Eket , a city in oil-rich Akwa Ibom state of Nigeria . They are blamed for causing illness , death and destruction , prompting some communities to put them through harrowing punishments to "  cleanse " them of their supposed magical powers . "  Children accused of witchcraft are often incarcerated in churches for weeks on end and beaten , starved and tortured in order to extract a confession , " said Gary Foxcroft , program director of Stepping Stones Nigeria , a nonprofit that helps alleged witch children in the region . Many of those targeted have traits that make them stand out , including learning disabilities , stubbornness and ailments such as epilepsy , he added . The issue of "  child witches " is soaring in Nigeria and other parts of the world , Foxcroft said . The states of Akwa Ibom and Cross River have about 15,000 children branded as witches , and most of them end up abandoned and abused on the streets , he said . Christian ran away from home and wandered around for two years with other children similarly accused . He said they stole , begged for food and performed menial jobs to survive . The plight of "  child witches " is raising concern among aid organizations , including the United Nations . "  It is a growing issue worldwide , among not just African communities , but in countries such as Nepal as well , " said Jeff Crisp , head of policy development and evaluation for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . "  We are trying to see whether it is a neglected protected issue . " Belief in witchcraft thrives worldwide . About 1,000 people accused of being witches in Gambia were locked in detention centers in March and forced to drink a dangerous hallucinogenic potion , human rights organization Amnesty International said . In 2005 , relatives of an 8-year-old Angolan girl living in England were convicted of torturing her for being a "  witch , " according to the Times Online . Pastors have been accused of worsening the problem by claiming to have powers to recognize and exorcise "  child witches , " sometimes for a fee , aid workers said . But some are true believers , such as one minister in Lagos , Nigeria . He pinpoints children affected by witchcraft for free , he said . "  Sometimes , we get a dream that shows us a certain person is suffering from witchcraft , " said the Rev. Albert Aina , a senior pastor at Four Square Gospel Church . "  Sometimes , you have a child who has inexplicable body marks because of struggling in the night . They are easy to identify , but why charge when you have been given a gift by God ? " Aina said . Once a child is branded a witch , the stigma can last forever . Christian was reunited with his grandfather , a former theater instructor at a university in Nigeria . Eshiett said he let his son 's child return home because he loves him and he advocates for youth education . But , he added , he does not think Christian has been or can be freed from witchcraft . "  When you are possessed , you are possessed ; no one can deliver you from Satan , " Eshiett said , adding that his grandson is a witch because he still exhibits unruly behavior and does not take education seriously . Aid organizations acknowledge that the belief is acceptable and popular in some communities . "  It is not the belief in witchcraft that we are concerned about , " Foxcroft said . "  We acknowledge people 's right to hold this belief on the condition that this does not lead to child abuse . " Foxcroft , whose documentary , "  Saving Africa 's Witch Children , " was broadcast last year , spoke to a U.N. panel on the issue in April . The aid worker said he is planning a global conference in 2010 and public awareness campaigns , including addressing the issue in Nigerian movies . The nation 's film industry , dubbed Nollywood , is a popular form of entertainment in African countries . Government officials also have joined the fight . Akwa Ibom recently added a clause into the Child Rights Act , saying that anyone found guilty of branding a child a witch would get up to 12 years in prison . "  This is groundbreaking , and Stepping Stones Nigeria applauds the Akwa Ibom state government for this , " Foxcroft said . But , he added , there is more work to be done , and other groups , especially churches , have to team up to resolve the problem . "  The role of the international Christian community in this can not be underestimated , " Foxcroft said . "  Unfortunately , the fact remains that this belief system is being spread by so-called Christians . " CNN 's attempts to reach Akwa Ibom state officials through phone calls and e-mails were unsuccessful . A Nigerian federal communications official declined to comment .	Nigerian boy called a witch : "  They would take my clothes off , tie me up and beat me " Children with unusual markings , stubbornness or epilepsy make frequent targets Director of nonprofit says accused often incarcerated in churches for weeks on end Pastors have been accused of worsening the problem , aid workers say
CNN  -- After just one day of competition , a new sport has emerged at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow : snapping selfies with the Queen . Australian hockey players Jayde Taylor and Brooke Peris took the early lead with an immaculately-timed shot of the British monarch . #sheevensmiled , Taylor tweeted after the royal run-in , along with the bold claim , #bestphotobombever . The original tweet has inspired a number of copycat attempts , some more successful than others . British hurdler Andy Turner posted his effort with the admission , "  That 's as good as it gets , some big bloke told me to jog on so thought it was time I moved . " Selfie pedants have already pointed out the original shot was n't a true photobomb , the term given to a shot spoiled -- or enhanced -- by someone who 's not supposed to be there . The Queen clearly was , with both women admitting they timed the shot , knowing Her Royal Highness was moving into view . "  Brooke and I planned it so that when she came out the door she would be behind us . And then she came out and smiled at the camera , " Taylor told Australian media . "  We were in the right spot at the right time . " At the time of writing , the photo had been tweeted 11,000 times and had appeared on the front page of the British newspaper "  The Times . " Long before that , Taylor was doing victory laps on social media , tweeting U.S. talk show host Ellen DeGeneres to boast , "  I think our selfie tops yours ! " It was a reference to DeGeneres ' record-breaking selfie at the Academy Awards earlier this year . That image , featuring a rare cluster of beaming celebrities , has been retweeted an incredible 3.4 million times .	Australian hockey players snap selfie with Queen Elizabeth II Photo was retweeted thousands of times , encouraged copycat attempts Turner : "  We were in the right spot at the right time "
New York  CNN  -- New York police have taken in for questioning four people who are believed to be connected to the drugs found in late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment , a New York law enforcement official told CNN Tuesday night . No additional information was released . Hoffman 's final hours When police were called to Hoffman 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment Sunday , they found the actor lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . He was wearing shorts and a T-shirt , his eyeglasses still resting on his head , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , the law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty bags that authorities suspect are used to hold heroin , the sources told CNN . How heroin kills you Also Tuesday , preliminary tests showed the heroin recovered from the apartment does not contain fentanyl , a law enforcement official told CNN . More testing will be done , but as of now no fentanyl has been detected . Fentanyl is a powerful narcotic used to treat cancer patients ' pain . Last week , Maryland officials said that heroin tainted with fentanyl had claimed at least 37 lives since September . And last month , at least 22 people in western Pennsylvania died after using heroin that had been mixed with fentanyl .	Source : Heroin recovered does not contain fentanyl Such a combination has claimed lives in Maryland and Pennsylvania
Uncertainty normally comes with the new . This year 's Brazilian presidential elections , though , have been like no other . After Sunday 's polls gave President Dilma Rousseff , from the left-wing Worker 's Party  PT  , another four-year term with a narrow margin of victory , Brazilians embarked on a guessing exercise about what her next government will look like . On the surface it does n't seem a vote for change , but the President knows it should be . There were exuberant celebrations in the PT camp and frustration in the faces of supporters of the defeated centrist candidate , Aecio Neves , from PSDB . But no one could say for sure what the result means for the next four years . Since massive street protests in June 2013 called for change in Brazilian politics and economy , that word has been around in almost every political statement -- including Rousseff 's victory speech on Sunday night . As she addressed supporters in Brasilia , the President said she had not forgotten the message from the streets . "  The most repeated word in these elections has been ` change ' . And I know that I have been re-elected to make the big changes the Brazilian society demands . " Rousseff had already hinted that her second term will be different from her first -- "  new government , new ideas " was her campaign slogan . "  I want to be a much better president than I 've been so far " , she said on Sunday , while also talking about "  building bridges " with political opponents . The challenges , in the economy and in politics , are huge . So what should Brazilians expect ? In her speech , she mentioned wide-ranging political reform . A new direction in the economy ? Unlikely . A friendlier approach towards a fragmented Congress ? Who knows . A more positive dialogue with the private sector ? Possibly . Or nothing of that sort . Dilma Rousseff Part II is still to be revealed . Almost half of the country wanted a different outcome . Rousseff won with 51.6 % of the valid votes , while Neves received 48.4 % -- the closest presidential election result in 25 years . The President 's performance was 1.4 million votes short of the 55.8 million she got four years ago , while the opposition increased their base from 43.7 million in 2010 to 50.9 million . Brazilians endured three months of a fiercely fought campaign -- or as some have called it , "  dirty " and "  shameful " after a number of personal attacks that were both baseless and tasteless . Many voters lost their composure too , with political differences ruining friendships and keeping relatives apart . A wish that something new would come out of this battle was evident in late August when , after the tragic death of socialist candidate Eduardo Campos in a plane crash , his running mate and environmentalist Marina Silva took the helm on their ticket . In a few weeks opinion polls showed Silva ahead of Dilma Rousseff in a second round simulation . But the scaremongering from the government 's camp that Silva 's lack of political support could lead her government to collapse made her support drop as quickly as it had risen . The task of trying to dethrone Rousseff in the second round fell to Aecio Neves , with support from a defeated Marina Silva . Brazilians watched the sixth edition of the same PT vs. PSDB face-off that has marked every Brazilian presidential election since 1994 . Dilma Rousseff was re-elected thanks to her party 's record in power . In the 12 years that the PT has governed Brazil , extreme poverty has been reduced by more than half . Social programs that increased the income of the poorest now reach 14 million families , most of them in northern regions . In those areas , Rousseff easily won the trust of the voters , beating her opponent by margins that reached 70 % . But she came close to losing the election due to poor recent economic results and the word that many today associate with her party 's red star : corruption . Although the unemployment rate remains low , at 5 % , analysts expect layoffs to increase in the months to come . Brazil 's economy is technically in recession -- its GDP fell in the last two quarters -- and the IMF predicts only 0.3 % growth in 2014 . Members of Rouseff 's PT party were convicted and jailed for illegal campaign funding and the bribing of Congressmen . And a new  and still ongoing  corruption scandal at the heart of Petrobras , the Brazilian state oil company , hit the government at its core . Poor economic data and sleaze are issues that tend to shock and concern the better-off and well-educated , mainly located in the south of Brazil , where Aecio Neves performed very well . In the State of Sao Paulo , the richest and most populated , he got 64 % of the vote . Massive street protests , a stalled economy , corruption ; Dilma Rousseff survived it all -- just . Her main tasks now are to unite a divided nation , find a way of making Brazil 's economy grow again , bring down an inflation rate that is stubbornly high  6.75 %  and change something . The Brazilian President knows that she has not won this contest because of what she 's promised to do in the future , as she did n't even present a formal plan for her second term . She 's won because of the past , and the future is still being planned . In opinion polls , 70 % of Brazilians have repeatedly said they wanted change in the federal government . Unsure about how to achieve that , they decided to close their eyes , keep things as they are and hope for the best .	With more than 99 % of votes counted , incumbent Dilma Rousseff had 51.59 % of the vote Simões : Result was n't a vote for change , but the President knows she must make changes Simões : Rousseff did n't win because of her plan for the future -- she won for past performance
CNN  -- On Thursday , Google 's much-discussed new privacy policy goes into effect . To say that the change has stirred concern on the Web would be an understatement . Public officials and Web watchdogs in the United States and elsewhere have expressed fears that it will mean less privacy for users of the Web giant 's multitude of products , from search to Gmail to YouTube to Google Maps to smartphones powered by the Android operating system . Google points out that the products wo n't be collecting any more data about users than they were before . And , in fairness , the company has gone out of its way to prominently announce the product across all of its platforms for weeks . The major change is that , instead of profiling users separately on each of its sites and products , Google will now pull all of that information together into one single profile , similar to what 's found on Google 's dashboard page . The result encapsulates perhaps the most basic conundrum of the modern Web . More information means better service  and potentially , more targeted advertisements  . But that service  in this case more accurate search results , more interesting ads and new features that work across multiple sites  requires you to give up some of your privacy in return . Federal Trade Commission Chairman Jon Leibowitz has called it "  a somewhat brutal choice . " Google , not surprisingly , takes a different tack : The payoff for the company collecting your data is cool new services . For example , they could push cooking videos to you on YouTube if you 'd been looking for recipes through Google search , privacy director Alma Whitten wrote in an editorial for the Sacramento Bee . "  We just want to use the information you already trust us with to make your experience better , " she wrote . "  If you do n't think information sharing will improve your experience , you do n't need to sign in to use services like Search , Maps and YouTube . "  If you are signed in , you can use our many privacy tools to do things like edit or turn off your search history , control the way Google tailors ads to your interests and browse the Web ` incognito ' using Chrome . " Wednesday is the last day for people to tweak those Google settings before the new policy begins , although they can change them afterward as well . Here are a few tips on how to keep your data a little more private on some of Google 's most popular features . Do n't sign in This is the easiest and most effective tip . Many of Google 's services -- most notably search , YouTube and Maps -- do n't require you to sign in to use them . If you 're not logged in , via Gmail or Google + , for example , Google does n't know who you are and ca n't add data to your profile . But to take a little more direct action ... Removing your Google search history Eva Galperin of the Electronic Frontier Foundation has compiled a step-by-step guide to deleting and disabling your Web History , which includes the searches you 've done and sites you 've visited . It 's pretty quick and easy : -- Sign in to your Google account -- Go to www.google.com/history -- Click "  Remove all Web History " -- Click "  OK " As the EFF notes , deleting your history will not prevent Google from using the information internally . But it will limit the amount of time that it 's fully accessible . After 18 months , the data will become anonymous again and wo n't be used as part of your profile . Six tips to protect your search privacy  from the EFF Clearing your YouTube history Similarly , users may want to remove their history on YouTube . That 's also pretty quick and easy . -- Sign in on Google 's main page -- Click on "  YouTube " in the toolbar at the top of the page -- On the right of the page , click your user name and select "  Video Manager " -- Click "  History " on the left of the page and then "  Clear Viewing History " -- Refresh the page and then click "  Pause Viewing History " -- You can clear your searches on YouTube by going back and choosing "  Clear Search History " and doing the same steps . Clearing your browsing history on Google Chrome -- Click on the "  wrench " icon at the far right of your toolbar -- Select "  Tools " -- Select "  Clear browsing data " -- In the dialogue box that appears , click the "  clear browsing data " box  there are other options you may want to use as well -- Select "  Beginning of Time " to clear your entire browsing history -- Click "  clear browsing history " Gmail Chat When you start a chat with someone , you can make the conversation "  off the record . " Off-the-record chats will not be stored in your chat history or the history of the person with whom you 're talking . All chats with that person will remain off the record until you change the status . To go off the record : -- Click the "  Actions " link at the top right of the chat window -- Scroll down to "  Go off the record . " Both you and your chat partner will see that the chat has been taken off the record . What are Google 's other products ? Obviously , anything with "  Google " in its name counts . But the Web giant owns other products that might not be so obvious to some folks . -- Gmail . Yes , the "  G " is for Google . -- YouTube . Google bought the Web 's leading video site in 2006 -- Picasa . The online photo sharing site became Google 's in 2004 -- Blogger . The blog publishing tool has been Google 's since 2003 . -- FeedBurner . A management tool for bloggers and managing RSS feeds . Google bought it in 2007 . -- Orkut . Google 's original social-networking site is n't big in the U.S. . But it 's one of the most popular sites in India and Brazil . -- Android . Yes , you probably know this . But just for the record , Google owns the most popular smartphone operating system .	Google privacy policy change goes into effect Thursday The change lets Google combine data on you from all of its sites Users can delete Web , search history before the change happens Deleting history does n't mean Google ca n't use the info internally
CNN  -- The boy stood out because of the bright blue shirt he was wearing , not for his arms stretched toward the heavens or the look in his eyes that said : I am hungry . All the other boys were desperate , too . Photographer Paula Bronstein looked down at them from the Pakistani military helicopter about to drop food and water . She would never know their names but she would tell their story . Click . click . click . The boy in the blue shirt is one of 20 million Pakistanis suffering in a land washed away by massive monsoon flooding . Aid workers say that media coverage of a disaster helps bring in donations . Bronstein , working for Getty Images , and other photographers are attempting to unveil the unfathomable scope of Pakistan 's human misery . Three weeks into the crisis , thousands of homeless packed into makeshift , fly-infested camps . They endured the searing summer heat and the ache of their empty bellies . They wondered , with more rain on the way , when they might see home again . If ever . Some voiced frustration that aid had not reached them . Others were downright angry at their own government for perceived failure in a time of national need . Much of the criticism has been pointed at President Asif Ali Zardari , who was in Europe as the crisis unfolded and was late visiting flood zones . Zardari again left Pakistan Wednesday , arriving in the Russian town of Sochi to participate in a four-nation summit with Afghanistan , Tajikistan and Russia , according to the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan . Zardari 's office has defended the president 's travels as part of his job and called the criticism "  venomous propaganda of his opponents . " But one thing is clear : Zardari , leader of a country already coping with poverty and violence , will have to deal with far-reaching consequences of the floods . The United Nations has received less than half of the $ 460 million it needs for relief efforts . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's office said she would announce more aid Thursday on top of the roughly $ 70 million already pledged by Washington . No one knows exactly why the flow of aid money is failing to keep up with the need , though Bronstein , interviewed Wednesday on CNN , suspected one reason might be the death toll . At just over 1,400 , it is low given the scale of the disaster . "  What usually takes people 's breath away is the sheer number of people who die , " she said . "  But this is a different kind of disaster . " It has been evolving and people 's suffering increased incrementally along with the water that spread from the mountains in the north to the plains of the south . Aid workers have also said it has been hard to reach people because of continuing rain and damaged or flooded bridges and roads . In villages and towns where they were able to get through , people raced trucks carrying relief . Only the young boys , like the one with the blue shirt , had the energy to keep up , it seemed to Bronstein . From the back of an aid truck all she could see were a mess of tangled arms forced through open windows . Others grabbed onto chunks of ice distributed by a local charity . Another photo showed a woman in a black and pink dupatta  scarf  . Her left hand hugged her cheek in despair , her eyes failed to meet the camera 's lens . Bronstein snapped a perfect portrait of uncertainty . "  When you are here , you see how little people have , " Bronstein said . "  The poorest people have been affected . " Even when the rescue choppers land or the boats arrived , many Pakistanis were reluctant to leave home . They depended on the land and their animals to make a living . They already lost their crops . If they left their livestock behind , they would be leaving with nothing . How would they restart life ? But it was only from the air , said Bronstein , that she could see what it meant for one-fifth of the country to be underwater . A group of people stood on an island of dry , dusty ground with a handful of ramshackle shelters . They were surrounded by water , water and more water . The helicopter hovered before dropping bags of flour and 10-packs of bottled water . A man on a rooftop thrashed his arms about for attention . No one can afford to be forgotten , to be left behind or left without . Bronstein pointed her camera toward people who have nothing . The world , she felt , needed to see . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Reza Sayah in Pakistan , and Isha Sesay contributed to this report .	NEW : Photographer Paula Bronstein has been documenting the flooding in Pakistan NEW : ` People have nothing , ' she says NEW : Thousands are enduring empty bellies NEW : Desperate people rush aid trucks as they come through
CNN  -- Two Steubenville , Ohio , football stars sexually assaulted a 16-year-old girl , treating her "  like a toy , " a state prosecutor said Wednesday in the opening statement of the teens ' rape trial . Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 , are accused of sexually assaulting the girl at a series of end-of-summer parties in August , according to prosecutors . The case received widespread attention nationally after other Steubenville teens posted images of the alleged victim seemingly unconscious to social media sites . Defense attorneys say the boys are innocent of rape . Mays is also charged with illegal use of a minor in nudity oriented material . Although they are minors , they have been identified in court by the judge and attorneys , and in newspapers and other media reports . CNN is not naming the 16-year-old girl in line with its policy of not identifying the alleged victims of sexual assault . Prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter detailed a string of degrading abuse she said the girl suffered at the hands of the boys , including having her clothes stripped off , while other teens joked about urinating on her . She said they had "  treated her like a toy . " Some of the abuse was captured in cellphone images retrieved from either the Internet or their phones . One , Hemmeter said , showed the girl lying naked on her side , apparently asleep , with what appeared to be semen on her stomach . Hemmeter said witnesses will testify that the girl was highly intoxicated -- stumbling , slurring her speech , at times unable to walk . Such impairment , Hemmeter said , would be the state 's focus in proving the allegations against Mays and Richmond , not whether the girl consented . The girl , Hemmeter said , was "  too impaired to say no , too impaired to say stop . " In a brief opening statement , one of Mays ' defense attorneys , Brian Duncan , told the judge that his client did not rape the girl . "  Trent Mays did not rape the alleged victim , and the prosecution can not and will not be able to establish and substantiate their claim , " Duncan said . Richmond 's attorney , Walter Madison , did not make an opening statement . Six witnesses for the prosecution testified Wednesday , including a 17-year-old girl who went to a party with the alleged victim . The witness said she and the girl shared a half a bottle of vodka , which they each poured into a flavored crushed ice drink . The alleged victim also had one beer , the witness said . The alleged victim seemed to get drunk very quickly , the witness said . About 12:30 a.m. , the party broke up and the girl left with Mays and Richmond , according to the witness who said she pleaded with her not go . The witness said she did n't see her again until the next day when she picked the alleged victim up at another home . She described the girl as a "  mess " with her shirt inside out . Other witnesses said the girl appeared drunk on the night in question while she was at the second house . Two police officer also testified , describing how they collected evidence . During cross examinations , the teen 's lawyers ' tried to poke holes in the witnesses ' stories . While being quizzed by defense attorneys , at least one witness said he did not see the alleged victim drinking and he did not see Mays involved in any sexual contact with the alleged victim . Another witness said , during cross examination , that she saw the alleged victim bring a bottle of vodka with her to one of the end-of-summer parties in August . The case , which is being tried before Judge Thomas Lipps without a jury , has cast an unwelcome spotlight on Steubenville , a small , down-on-its-luck town along the banks of the Ohio River . Social media Photos , video and social media messages -- some of which the prosecutor displayed Wednesday in court -- are at the heart of criminal charges against Mays and Richmond . Crime blogger Alexandria Goddard , a former Steubenville resident , discovered and preserved many of the online messages about the case , at least some of which are now in the hands of authorities . The girl 's mother also gathered some of the material from social media and brought it to authorities . One image circulated online and posted on a website maintained by Anonymous , a loosely organized cooperative of activist hackers , showed the girl , dressed in a T-shirt and blue shorts , her body limp , being held hand and foot by two males who appear to be teenagers . Text messages posted to social networking sites that night seemed to brag about the incident , calling the girl "  sloppy , " making references to rape and suggesting that she had been urinated on , Goddard has said . CNN has not been able to establish whether this is true . In one 12-minute video , a teenager who is not charged in the case jokes about the girl 's condition , saying she must have died because she did n't move during one assault . Police got involved on August 14 , when the girl 's mother reported the alleged assaults , according to Steubenville Police Chief William McCafferty . The family provided a zip drive showing a Twitter page , possibly with a photo , McCafferty said . Unwanted spotlight The allegations -- and the shadow it has cast over the town -- have gripped the area for months . The case has attracted the attention of bloggers and even Anonymous , who have questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the veracity of the investigation . Rape allegations engulf town Steubenville was once a thriving steel mill town . With the mills closed , the town is a shadow of its former self as some of its residents moved away to find work elsewhere and some businesses closed . Today , its population is primarily blue collar with a median income between $ 33,000 and $ 34,000 , well below the national average . The Steubenville High School football games have long been a gathering point for residents , who point to the team 's against-all-odds play that helped elevate its reputation in the state . Critics have accused community leaders of trying to paper over rampant misconduct by players of the Steubenville High School team and have suggested that other students took part in the assaults or failed to do enough stop them . While many residents express concern about the allegations against Mays and Richmond , they are also frustrated with how the town has been portrayed . "  We all want to see justice prevail for the victim and the defendants in this case . All of you are here today because you are doing your job and writing your story , " Susan Hershey , the president of the Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce . "  There  are  , however , always multiple sides to every story . There is the other side of our community , a side that has been overshadowed by this incident . Unfortunately , our community has been painted with one very unflattering , broad brush . " Opinion : Teach young men to treat women with respect CNN 's Poppy Harlow and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness says she and the alleged victim shared vodka at a party Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond ,16 , are charged with rape The boys are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties Football players bragged of what they did to a 16-year-old girl , a prosecutor says
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A strong Russia is good for the United States , President Obama said in a speech in Moscow , where he is visiting in an effort to "  reset " the countries ' relations . President Obama meets with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Tuesday before heading to the G-8 in Italy . Obama delivered a commencement speech Tuesday at a Moscow graduate school . "  America wants a strong , peaceful and prosperous Russia , " he told a large crowd at the New Economic School . "  This belief is rooted in our respect for the Russian people , and a shared history between our nations that goes beyond competition . " He repeated the message in a meeting later with Russian business leaders , but also said Russia has to do more to fight corruption . "  We have to promote transparency , accountability , rule of law on which investments and economic growth depend , " he said . Watch Obama discuss thoughts on Kremlin visit " "  We want Russia to be selling us goods and we want Russia to be buying goods from us , " he said . "  Total trade between our countries is just $ 36 billion . Our trade -- America 's trade with Russia -- is only about 1 percent of all our trade with the world -- 1 percent -- a percent that 's virtually unchanged since the Cold War . " Watch Obama 's full opening statement " Obama later met Russian opposition leaders , speaking of the importance for the country to "  not simply tolerate dissenting voices but also to respect and recognize dissenting voices . " Obama also spoke to civil society leaders , promising the United States will support universal values and human rights such as the rights of people to live as they choose , to have a free press and to speak their minds . On Monday Obama met with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and discussed a series of agreements -- including one on nuclear-arms reduction -- as part of an effort to strengthen ties between the one-time Cold War rivals . The two signed a deal on parameters for negotiations to replace the START agreement , with the goal of reducing nuclear weapons . START expires December 5 . Watch Obama discuss arms control pact " Under Monday 's agreement , Russia and the United States will reduce their strategic warheads to a range of 1,500 to 1,675 , and their strategic delivery vehicles to a range of 500 to 1,100 . The numbers would be a reduction from the expiring START , which allowed 2,200 warheads and 1,600 launch vehicles . The two-day summit in Moscow was to help refocus a relationship that , according to Obama , "  has suffered from a sense of drift " in recent years . The president reiterated that in his speech Tuesday . "  That is why I have called for a ` reset ' in relations between the United States and Russia , " Obama said . "  This must be more than a fresh start between the Kremlin and the White House , though that is important , " he said . "  It must be a sustained effort among the American and Russian people to identify mutual interests and to expand dialogue and cooperation that can pave the way to progress . " Obama met with Medvedev again Tuesday and with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin before heading to Italy for the Group of Eight summit . The G-8 agenda is packed with issues , including Iran , the global financial crisis , climate change and eradicating world poverty . Putin said his meeting with Obama was "  very good and substantive . " "  We also talked about how we will be improving our relations in the near - and medium-term . It was a very well-intentioned and substantial conversation in many concrete fields . We have many points we agree on , " Russia 's prime minister said . After his speech , Obama sat down with Ed Henry , CNN senior White House correspondent , for a brief interview . The president spoke about a wide range of issues , including how much his daughters were enjoying Moscow , his impressions of Putin , relations with Iran and Michael Jackson . On Iran , Obama reiterated recent statements about the post-election protests there . "  Events in recent weeks have disturbed the world . They are not only heartbreaking , but raise questions over where leaders want to take the country , " Obama said . "  We have to wait and see how the dust settles . But we have to speak out and say that the Iranian people have to be treated with justice . " The president also spoke about the legacy of Michael Jackson , on the day of the pop star 's public memorial program . "  No doubt he was one of greatest entertainers of our or any generation . Like Elvis , Sinatra , the Beatles , he became core part of our culture , " Obama said . "  His extraordinary talent and music was mixed with big dose of tragedy in private life . It is important for us to affirm the best of him . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : PM Putin : Much agreement in "  well-intentioned , substantial " talks Obama cites respect for Russian people , shared history that transcends competition Obama is in Moscow for two-day summit with President Medvedev , Putin Obama , Medvedev sign "  joint understanding " on cutting nuclear arsenals
Maputo , Mozambique  CNN  -- In their new apartment in Maputo , the vibrant and cosmopolitan capital of Mozambique , Bruno Gabriel and his girlfriend unpack their last suitcases , still trying to settle in their new surroundings . The Portuguese couple relocated to the southeastern African country a few months ago , making a deliberate career move to swap the economic uncertainty of their crisis-hit country for the prospect of a better future abroad . They are part of a growing Portuguese community fleeing the severe eurozone crisis in search for jobs and economic opportunities in their country 's former colony . "  In Europe everybody is a little bit afraid with their own future because  of  the crisis , worldwide crisis , in terms of economics , " says Gabriel , a marketing director who has head-hunted to work in Maputo . "  Once we start to enter the labor business , once we start to work , we understand that to plan the future is a little bit more difficult than what you expected . " Although Mozambique gained its independence from Portugal in 1975 , and retains Portuguese as its national language , many in the African country continued until recently to see the former colonial power as a land of opportunity . But now , with Portugal mired in financial woes amid a worsening European debt crisis , that notion is increasingly being reversed . How Mozambique turned from war zone to tourist hotspot In the Portuguese consulate in Maputo , consul general Graca Pereira says she 's seen a rise in experienced , university-educated Portuguese migrating to Mozambique looking for a brighter future . "  In the last two or three years , people began to come increasingly , " she says . "  Lots of people for small investments , some others working with the companies , some others working contract by other people . So a variety of people . " In addition to the common language , the familiar architecture and the rich culture , the main draw for Portuguese in Mozambique is the country 's impressive economic performance in recent years . In 2011 , Mozambique 's real gross domestic product grew by 7.2 % , boosted by the country 's first overseas export of coal , as well as strong performances by the transport , communications , construction and financial services sectors , according to the African Economic Outlook . The country 's economy is also forecast to grow by 7.5 % and 7.9 % in 2012 and 2013 respectively -- an alluring incentive for those Portuguese wishing to escape the lack of opportunity back home . Locals in Maputo say the new arrivals from Portugal fly into Mozambique nearly every day . "  None of us is facing financial difficulties or is unemployed , " says Portuguese entrepreneur Pedro Alvin Castro . "  What we envisage is to find places for the future because in the next five to 10 years Portugal will slow down and stagnate . "  We want to find places like Mozambique where there is the reverse , where we have sustainable growth for the next five to 10 years . " The Africans looking to make it in China One of many new Portuguese immigrants in Maputo is Vanessa Souza . The 32-year-old left Lisbon in January and now she is working for AVI , a successful South African consumer goods company , helping to promote and sell tea , biscuits and coffee to Mozambique 's growing middle class . She says she 's now earning more than she did back home , works shorter hours , and can afford a car , cell phone and insurance . "  New life , new country , " says Souza , explaining that she can now build her future -- something she did n't dare to do in Portugal where many are struggling under the weight of austerity and unemployment is at around 15 % . "  We have jobs here and the language is the same , " adds Souza . "  We have opportunity here . " Yet it 's not only the cosmopolitan Maputo that 's attracting large numbers of Portuguese . The recent discoveries of vast reserves of coal and gas off Mozambique 's northern coast have also sparked a big swell of investment in the country as well as the emergence of second industries in the towns around the mines . According to the consul general , there are many Portuguese who are bypassing Maputo to set up restaurants , join small companies or offer skills in these frontier towns . "  People are moving outside Maputo and are even beginning their businesses outside of Maputo , " says Pereira . "  So it is very interesting . It could be very useful also . " Why Asian giants scent opportunity in Africa As for the Mozambicans , locals say there has been little backlash to the return of the Portuguese to the country -- this time , however , under very different circumstances compared to the colonial era . "  Yes , they 're coming but I think  it 's  really positive , " says economist Hipolito Hamela . He explains that the new businesses that are being set up create jobs for local Mozambicans , while the influx of foreign skills help the country 's development . Also , government quotas on the number of foreigners that a company can hire ensure that local jobs are protected . Yet , notwithstanding the recent improvements , life in Mozambique , which is still one of the poorest countries in the world , is not without challenges . Souza says her biggest concern in Maputo is security while Gabriel notes that he is frustrated with the slow pace of life compared to Europe . "  It 's a little bit more difficult to make things happen than it is in Europe , " he says . "  Mozambique is a challenge every day . " But despite all the difficulties , it is here where Gabriel and many of his compatriots have chosen to develop their careers . And if Portugal 's economy remains stuck in turmoil , many others could follow them , lured by Mozambique 's growing and untapped opportunity . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	The eurozone crisis has forced many Portuguese to migrate to Mozambique They are looking for jobs and better economic opportunities The economy of Mozambique , a former Portuguese colony , grew by 7.2 % in 2011 Locals say there has been little backlash to the influx of Portuguese in the country
CNN  Well , it was weird while it lasted . On Wednesday , lawmakers in Ireland rushed to close a loophole that temporarily made it legal to possess Ecstasy , crystal methamphetamine , ketamine , magic mushrooms and a host of other recreational drugs . The loophole was inadvertently opened the day before , when an appeals court invalidated one section of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977 . The court ruled that Irish governments had been unconstitutionally adding substances to Section 2 of the law for decades . "  We prepared for this possibility . Legislation was prepared and approved in advance by Cabinet , " Minister for Health Leo Varadkar said in a written statement . "  The emergency legislation ... will re-instate the status quo ante and re-control all drugs that were controlled prior to this judgment . " The emergency law moved through the Irish legislature and was signed by the President on Wednesday , meaning that the drugs would become illegal to possess again at midnight , a Department of Health spokeswoman told CNN . Varadkar said the temporarily legalized substances -- which include a wide array of synthetic or "  head shop " drugs -- "  all have very significant health risks that outweigh any perceived recreational benefits , " according to the Irish Times . The original schedule of substances listed in the 1977 law -- including cannabis , cocaine and heroin -- were untouched by the appeals court ruling and remained illegal . Varadkar also told the Irish Times that the court ruling could affect "  dozens " of cases , although The Journal of Ireland said the court 's decision will affect only cases now in the judicial process .	The president signs emergency legislation The loophole opened when an appeals court struck down part of Ireland 's drug law
Washington  CNN  -- Once again , a swelling chorus is calling on Germany to finally take action . "  Start the engines , Angela , " reads the colorful headline of a piece whose authors seem to assume that Chancellor Merkel commands the horsepower to save the euro , save the British and American recoveries , and -- as a throw-in -- save the Obama presidency . If only the Germans showed more leadership and found it in them to roll out "  decisive policies , " argues Harvard historian Charles Maier , the everlasting eurocrisis could be ended . It is true that Germany is the pivot in the euro game . Nothing happens if Germany does not consent . But the reverse is not true . If Germany wants something , it does not necessarily happen . That 's where the problem of German leadership starts . While much of the world looks at Germany as an ascending economic power within a declining continent , thereby shifting the regional balance of power in its favor , Germans themselves  and certainly their current elected leader  are keenly aware of the limits of German power . History has taught them painful lessons . Since Germany 's emergence as an industrial economy , it has been too big to be one of many in Europe and too small to dominate the continent . The latter proposition has been tested time and again and has usually ended in blood and tears somewhere in Russia . Among Germans , this experience has produced an ingrained skepticism toward the notion of German dominance , even if it comes in the form of a benevolent hegemony , based on the consent of the neighbors and transfer of wealth to them . Germans will be quick to point out that Germany is too small to take much of the rest of Europe onto its back . The German economy accounts for only 27 % of the eurozone 's output . The debt-to-GDP ratio hovers around an unhealthy 80 % and might jump to around 100 % given the commitments and guarantees to other European nations . Nobody in Germany has forgotten the enormity of the task to bail out , reform and integrate East Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall . To this very day , 3 % to 4 % of GDP are spent on transfers to the former East . In 1989 , East Germany accounted for roughly a fourth of the population of West Germany and no more than a fraction of its economic output . Compare that to ailing Spain and Italy , whose combined economies rival Germany 's today . Therefore , it is a fantasy to assume that Germany alone can be Europe 's white knight . Given these constraints , Merkel 's willingness to lead Europe is remarkable . She has found a strategy to leverage Germany 's limited power . First , Merkel internationalized the European bailouts ; second , she broke down the effort into small steps to make them palatable to domestic constituencies in multiple countries ; third , she resurrected the French-German alliance as an engine for progress ; and , most importantly , she made the markets her friend and ally . In her assessment , no reform will happen in southern Europe without pressure from the markets . And there will be no pressure from the markets without limits to German largesse . Unlimited and unconditional help would take away any incentive to reform . That is the reality in a monetary union without political union because the sovereign who bails out is different from the sovereign who reforms . Merkel 's strategy is paying initial dividends . Structural reforms in southern Europe are well under way . But Merkel 's leadership has come at a price . Aligning herself with the markets has meant maintaining relentless pressure on the southern countries while keeping the crisis simmering . That has resulted in costly and dangerous brinkmanship and created the myth that the pain of structural adjustment has to be borne by the southern Europeans alone . And it has created a diplomatic challenge . Even Germany 's best friends do n't understand why the country opens its purse only at the last moment , but not a second earlier . They mistake strategy for passivity and a realistic assessment of Germany 's wealth and power for stingy disciplinarianism . With the crisis coming to a head , the German approach will be put to the ultimate test . The markets seem to have concluded that no bazooka will end this crisis alone . They now bet on a so-called banking union as a first step toward centralizing power in Brussels . They seem to regard this form of minimal federalism as solution to the crisis . Merkel endorses core-federalism , at least in principle , but she certainly can not deliver it alone . Germany may be a reluctant leader , but its followers are even more reluctant . Merkel needs to persuade France , the most sovereignist country in continental Europe , to trade its Gaullist vision of Europe for a more centralized version with some sovereignty moving from Paris to Brussels . She needs to reassure smaller nations that core-federalism is not the equivalent of neo-colonialism . She needs to convince the southern periphery that joint debt and joint risk in Europe will mean joint control over the budget process , thereby limiting the reach of the nation state . And , finally , she needs to win over the Brits to play along with  rather than obstruct  a more centralized system of governance among the eurozone and even the EU countries that the Brits themselves likely will never join . Rather than being made the villain , Merkel could use a little help from her friends across the Atlantic . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Kleine-Brockhoff .	Many are callling on Germany to lead effort to rescue the Euro Thomas Kleine-Brockhoff says there are limits to what Germany can do , given scope of problem He says Germany is too big to be just another nation but too small to dominate the continent Author : Angela Merkel has taken positive steps to strengthen Euro , but needs help from others
CNN  -- Australia said Monday that it was relaxing sanctions on Myanmar , responding to the Southeast Asian country 's political reforms by significantly reducing the number of government officials and lawmakers subject to travel restrictions . The Australian government said it would also encourage trade with Myanmar , which had long languished under oppressive military rule . Australia 's previous stance had been to neither encourage nor discourage trade and investment with Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . The announcement by Australia follows moves by a number of Western countries to reward recent efforts by the Myanmar president , Thein Sein , and his government to bring about change in the country , including holding by-elections earlier this month in which opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi 's party won dozens of seats . "  Reducing our sanctions and encouraging trade recognize the far-reaching political , economic and social reforms we are witnessing in Burma in recent times , " the Australian foreign minister , Bob Carr , said in a statement . Carr and the trade minister , Craig Emerson , highlighted the recent release of hundreds of political prisoners , the pursuit of peace deals with ethnic groups and improved laws on freedom of expression , labor rights and political participation . The number of people in Myanmar subject to financial sanctions and travel restrictions by Australia will drop to about 130 from 392 , the Australian statement said . Thein Sein "  and other reformists within the government and parliament will be removed from the list , while serving military figures and individuals of human rights concern will remain , " according to the statement . Australia will also maintain its arms embargo on Myanmar , it said . After separate meetings with Thein Sein and Suu Kyi in Myanmar on Friday , Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain said sanctions on the country should be suspended , rather than lifted entirely , to encourage further progress in democracy and human rights . His suggestion was supported by Suu Kyi , who noted that a suspension would make it clear that sanctions could be reimposed if reforms are obstructed . European Union foreign ministers said in January that they would suspend a visa ban on Thein Sein , as well as on Myanmar 's vice presidents , cabinet members and speakers of parliament , calling it "  a first step " that could be followed by a "  further easing " of restrictions in the subsequent months . The United States has said it will take several significant steps to normalize relations with Myanmar , including facilitating travel to the United States for select government officials and members of parliament .	Australia highlights the release of political prisoners and peace efforts with ethnic groups It significantly reduces the number of Myanmar officials subject to travel restrictions The Australian government also normalizes trade relations with the country Myanmar 's military rulers have begun loosening their grip on power in recent months
CNN  -- A federal jury Thursday found a 32-year-old Minnesota woman guilty of illegally downloading music from the Internet and fined her $ 80,000 each -- a total of $ 1.9 million -- for 24 songs . Illegal downloads of musical files will cost a Minnesota woman $ 1.9 million , a jury has decided . Jammie Thomas-Rasset 's case was the first such copyright infringement case to go to trial in the United States , her attorney said . Attorney Joe Sibley said that his client was shocked at the fine , noting that the price tag on the songs she downloaded was 99 cents . She plans to appeal , he said . Cara Duckworth , a spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America , said the association was "  pleased that the jury agreed with the evidence and found the defendant liable . " "  We appreciate the jury 's service and that they take this as seriously as we do , " she said . Thomas-Rasset downloaded work by artists such as No Doubt , Linkin Park , Gloria Estefan and Sheryl Crow . This was the second trial for Thomas-Rasset . The judge ordered a retrial in 2007 after there was an error in the wording of jury instructions . The fines jumped considerably from the first trial , which granted just $ 220,000 to the recording companies . Thomas-Rasset is married with four children and works for an Indian tribe in Minnesota .	Federal jury finds Jammie Thomas-Rasset guilty of illegally downloading 24 songs Minnesota wife , mom slapped with fine of $ 80,000 per song , for total of $ 1.9 million Attorney says client shocked at fine , noting the songs costs 99 cents each Spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America lauds jury 's finding
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama hit back at New Jersey Governor Chris Christie over Ebola on Tuesday , warning that quarantine policies based on fear could discourage US health care workers "  doing God 's work " in Africa to battle the epidemic . Obama issued a veiled but clear public rebuke to the tough-talking Republican who strode back onto the national stage in a tussle with the White House on Friday after ordering the isolation of a nurse who had just landed at Newark from Sierra Leone . The president warned that health workers who do a "  really tough job " in Africa should be applauded , supported and monitored in a prudent fashion once they come back home . He said anti-Ebola precautions should be based on science not "  on our fears . " The public disagreement marked the latest twist in the odd couple relationship between the cool , no drama president and the no-nonsense governor , who bonded two years ago after Hurricane Sandy . Widening disagreements are likely if Christie decides to run for president in 2016 . Christie justified his decision to contradict federal Ebola procedures by quarantining the nurse , Kaci Hickox by saying that the inconveniencing of one person was outweighed by wider concerns for public safety . But the confinement of Hickox , who exhibited no symptoms of Ebola , stirred a public relations mess for the governor and on Monday he relented and allowed her to return home to Maine for monitoring . Another governor , Democrat Andrew Cuomo of New York also climbed down on tough new quarantine rules under pressure from the White House . But Christie remained defiant on Tuesday , saying he had no regrets over how the drama had unfolded in his state . The Ebola episode offers another example of challenges Christie faces as the Republican governor of a Democratic state with his eyes on the White House . He has to avoid alienating conservative primary voters -- many of whom are still bitter about Christie 's embrace of President Barack Obama days before the 2012 election after Hurricane Sandy ravaged his state . But he ca n't hew so close to the conservative line that he upends his image as a straight-talker willing to take on both parties . That dynamic was on display Monday after Hickox was released . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Christie himself should be quarantined after again lining up with Obama on a key issue shortly before a critical election . "  Obama and his gang are flipping out ... . so one week before the election , once again Gov. Chris Christie has caved , " Limbaugh said . "  We need to quarantine Chris Christie , is what we need to happen here folks . " Still , the White House that was once so eager to embrace Christie 's post-Sandy bear hug of Obama 's leadership is now rebuking the state 's the treatment of Hickox , saying medical staff returning home must not be stigmatized . "  Her service and commitment to this cause is something that should be honored and respected . I do n't think we should do that by making her live in a tent for two or three days , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday . The jab was a reflection of how the political circumstances of both Christie and Obama have changed since their interactions in the wake of Hurricane Sandy . Back then , with Christie seeking a thumping re-election win to set up a 2016 run , and keen for federal relief cash , he had sound political reasons to offer Obama a disaster photo-op â $ " much to the fury of Mitt Romney 's supporters . Now , with Christie seeking a national stage , polishing his reputation after the Bridgegate scandal , and keen to capitalize on Republican claims Obama is incompetent , it makes sense to stand firm on Ebola . PHOTOS : The Ebola epidemic The White House noticed the shifting dynamic from a politician who now has more incentive to confront Obama than to embrace him . A senior administration official told CNN on Sunday that the White House told Christie and Cuomo it was concerned with "  the unintended consequences of policies that are not grounded in science may have on efforts to combat Ebola at its source in West Africa . " The saga reveals two sides of Chris Christie â $ " likely to be vying for prominence if he decides next year to run for president in a campaign that will likely contrast his abrasive style of management with the cool , ` no drama ' persona adopted by Obama , which critics see as evidence of disengagement . "  What I think Christie did here was he managed once again , just like Hurricane Sandy , to reassert himself as a very strong and powerful leader , someone who will seize the bull by the horns , " said Brigid Harrison , an analyst who has watched the governor 's fast rising career from Montclair State University . In standing up to federal health authorities , Christie assumed leadership of those suspicious of Washington officials who insist their risk to Americans from Ebola is miniscule . "  Being an undeclared candidate in a hotly contested primary ... Christie 's calling card is going to be that bold leadership â $ " and he is going to show it time and time again , " said Jonathan Jaffe , a public affairs consultant who runs a daily newsletter on New Jersey politics .	Chris Christie struck a defiant tone in responding to Ebola Christie 's response shows the tone that will be on display if he runs for president
CNN  -- Juventus coach Antonio Conte will be free to take his place on the bench for the Serie A champions in December after a 10-month ban for his involvement in a match fixing scandal was cut to four months Friday . A statement by the Italian Olympic Committee  CONI  confirmed that the 43-year-old can return on December 9 . Conte had taken his appeal to CONI after being handed his original ban by the Italian Football Federation . The disciplinary action related to his time in charge of Siena in the 2010-11 season . He was accused of not passing on knowledge of match fixing in games they played while in Serie B. Conte 's assistant at Siena and Juventus , Angelo Alessio , has had his ban for his role in the affair reduced from eight months to six . The punishments were handed out as part of the ` Calcioscommesse ' scandal , which has seen more than 20 Italian teams under the spotlight . Juventus president Andrea Agnelli welcomed the decision on the club 's official website . "  I maintain my view , which is shared by everyone at Juventus , that Antonio Conte is an innocent man and in no way guilty of the charges leveled at him , " said Agnelli . Conte 's case was heard by the National Court of Arbitration for Sport  TNAS  and while reducing his ban , did not fully exonerate him of the charges against him . Agnelli is angry that Conte was not cleared and added : "  The confirmation of his suspension is an injustice which should prompt the entire footballing system to ask itself questions , " he added . Conte , who took Juve to the title in his first season in charge , will have missed 15 Serie A matches and the entire Champions League group stage before his ban ends . But in his absence , Juventus have continued their fine form , topping the Italian standings on the same points as Napoli .	Antonio Conte has ban reduced from 10 months to four Juve coach implicated in ` Calcioscommesse ' match fixing scandal He appealed original punishment to Italian Olympic Committee Charges related to his time in charge of Siena
OPRAH.com  -- The recession has millions of consumers spending less , saving more and paying off debt . The fact that we are adjusting to the reality of this economy is good news , to be sure . There are items in any budget that can be scaled back easily . Financial expert Jean Chatzky warns there are items you should not cut out of your budget . But there 's some spending areas where you should n't budge . Retirement planning The Pension Rights Center counted about 20 corporations in December that announced changes to their 401  k  plans . Many others have discontinued or downsized their traditional pension plans . If your company is still offering matching dollars , you should keep kicking in money to grab them . "  To get that free money from your employer is so important for the long-term growth of your retirement nest egg . Especially now , with the down market , when you 're dollar-cost averaging in at lower prices , that free money has more value in the long run , " said Derek Kennedy , a financial planner in Cincinnati . If your company has cut back , it still pays to contribute . Also consider an Individual Retirement Account . You can get your money out any time and , after five years , use it without penalty for a first-time home purchase . Insurance Do n't cut your homeowners insurance thinking that because home values have dropped you do n't need as much coverage . What you 're paying for is the amount it would cost to rebuild your home and replace your belongings . If you need to save , boost your policy 's deductible . Raising it to $ 1,000 from $ 500 could shave 25 percent off the cost . Exercise Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota just completed a study that found that people who go to the gym at least eight times a month have significantly lower health costs than those who do n't . You can get those same benefits by going for a brisk walk , running or riding a bike or by spending less than the cost of a monthly gym membership on a pair of dumbbells . Healthcare Some cuts are fine -- generic drugs instead of name brand , for instance . But skipping doctor visits is a bad idea , and so is canceling your insurance . "  I 've seen so many people go through horrendous financial nightmares and even bankruptcy because they do n't have health insurance . This is just not one you want to mess with , " said Jonni McCoy , author of "  Miserly Moms : Living Well on Less in a Tough Economy . " Charity Giving to others can make you feel better about yourself and your situation . If money is tight , donate items you no longer use , give canned goods , shop at thrift stores that benefit a charity or share some of your time . Oprah.com : Five steps to secure your financial future By Jean Chatzky and Arielle McGowen , Oprah.com exclusive , March 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Financial expert Jean Chatzky : Do n't cut house insurance coverage Continue contributions to 401  k  if your company is matching Study finds exercise significantly cuts health care costs Giving money , goods or time to charities can make you feel good
Washington  CNN  -- The United States apologized Friday for a 1946-1948 research study in which people in Guatemala were intentionally infected with sexually transmitted diseases . A statement by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius called the action "  reprehensible . " "  We deeply regret that it happened , and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices , " the joint statement said . "  The conduct exhibited during the study does not represent the values of the United States , or our commitment to human dignity and great respect for the people of Guatemala . " President Barack Obama called his Guatemalan counterpart Friday "  offering profound apologies and asking pardon for the deeds of the 1940s , " President Alvaro Colom told CNN en Espanol in a telephone interview from Guatemala City . "  Though it happened 64 years ago , it really is a profound violation of human rights , " said Colom , who said the report took him by surprise . Clinton called him on Thursday , he said . "  She too offered her apologies , " he said , adding that she told him she was ashamed the United States had been involved in the matter . Asked whether Guatemala was planning to take legal action , Colom said , "  That 's part of the work of the commission . " "  We reject these types of actions , obviously , " said Guatemala presidential spokesman Ronaldo Robles . "  We know that this took place some time ago , but this is unacceptable and we recognize the apology from Secretary Clinton . " The scientific investigation , called the U.S. Public Health Service Sexually Transmitted Disease Inoculation Study of 1946-1948 , aimed at determining the effectiveness of penicillin in treating or preventing syphilis after subjects were exposed to the disease . Gonorrhea and chancres were also studied . Penicillin was a relatively new drug at the time . The tests were carried out on female commercial sex workers , prisoners in the national penitentiary , patients in the national mental hospital and soldiers . According to the study , more than 1,600 people were infected : 696 with syphilis , 772 with gonorrhea and 142 with chancres . The study came to light recently when Wellesley College researcher Susan Reverby found the archived but unpublished notes from the project as she was researching a similar study that was conducted between 1932 and 1972 in Tuskegee , Alabama . That study included nearly 400 poor African-American men with preexisting syphilis whose disease was allowed to progress without treatment . Researchers did not infect the subjects , but they did not tell them they had the disease either . The Tuskegee study was done under the direction of Dr. John C. Cutler , a U.S. Public Health Service medical officer who died in 2003 . "  I was doing what historians do , " said Reverby , a professor of the history of ideas and women and gender issues , who has written a book on the Tuskegee study . She went to the University of Pittsburgh , where Cutler had taught , and searched through an archive of his papers . "  There was nothing on Tuskeegee in the papers , but there was this report of the Guatemala study , " she told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I started to read , and I almost fell off my chair . " She found that Cutler also led the research in Guatemala . It was carried out there , in part , she said , because prostitution was legal and prisoners were allowed to bring prostitutes in for sex . Dr. Francis Collins , director of the U.S. National Institutes for Health , told reporters that the Guatemala study represented "  a dark chapter in the history of medicine . " The study "  appears to have been funded " by the U.S. National Institutes of Health , he said , citing four primary ethical violations : 1  study subjects "  were members of one or more vulnerable populations ; " 2  there is no evidence they gave informed consent ; 3  they were often deceived about what was being done to them ; 4  they were intentionally infected with pathogens that could cause serious illness without their understanding or consent . U.S. officials said Friday that ethical safeguards would prevent such abuses from occurring today . An Institute of Medicine task force will look at what happened in the study , and a group of ethics experts will convene to review the matter and report on how best to ensure such abuses do not recur , Collins said . "  The study is a sad reminder that adequate human subject safeguards did not exist a half-century ago , " the U.S. statement said . "  Today , the regulations that govern U.S.-funded human medical research prohibit these kinds of appalling violations . " Collins said the published literature contains more than 40 other U.S.-based studies "  where intentional infection was carried out with what we could now consider to be completely inadequate consent in the United States . " Many of those studies were funded by the Public Health Service , he said . But at least some people believed at the time that the experiment was flawed , according to Wellesley 's Reverby , who cited this reaction to Cutler 's work from his supervisor , PHS physician R.C. Arnold : "  I am a bit , in fact more than a bit , leery of the experiment with insane people , " Arnold said . "  They can not give consent , do not know what is going on , and if some good organization got wind of the work , they would raise a lot of smoke . I think the soldiers would be best or the prisoners for they can give consent . Maybe I 'm too conservative ... In the report , I see no reason to say where the work was done and the type of volunteer . " "  The vast majority " of study subjects were adequately treated for their illness , Collins said . One subject died during an epileptic seizure , though it was not clear that the death was related to the study , he added . Cutler 's work helped refine testing procedures and suggested a better means of prevention , but "  made little impact on syphilis research , " Reverby concluded . Clinton and Sebelius said the United States is launching an investigation and also convening a group of international experts to review and report on the most effective methods to make sure all human medical research worldwide meets rigorous ethical standards . "  As we move forward to better understand this appalling event , we reaffirm the importance of our relationship with Guatemala , and our respect for the Guatemalan people , as well as our commitment to the highest standards of ethics in medical research , " the U.S. statement said . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Nick Valencia and Tom Watkins and CNNRadio 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report .	Obama offers "  profound apologies " Guatemala accepts the apology , the presidential spokesman said The United States is launching an investigation The research was "  reprehensible , " the U.S. statement said
CNN  -- An 11-year-old from Michigan said he is going to really wow his schoolmates Friday with the "  coolest " show-and-tell item anyone 's ever brought to the sixth grade . After all , it 's not every day you get to show off a 13,000-year-old mastodon bone you and your cousin found in a stream behind your backyard . "  I thought it was a rock at first , but a couple minutes later I looked more at it , and I did n't think it was a dinosaur bone , but I was n't sure , " Eric Stamatin of Shelby Township Michigan told CNN on Thursday . He and Andrew Gainariu , 11 , from Troy , Michigan , were hunting for crayfish in the stream that extends from the middle branch of the Clinton River , as they often did , when they "  got bored " and decided to build a dam . They made an extraordinary discovery that June day . John Zawiskie , a geologist and paleontologist at the Cranbrook Institute of Science confirmed in early November that what the "  kids just being kids outside " discovered was not a rock at all , but an axis , a specialized second vertebrae behind the skull in the spinal column of an American mastodon . "  These animals have been extinct for 10,000 years , " Zawiskie told CNN . He works extensively on subjects in this time period , and noticed the distinct bone from the prehistoric elephant-like mammal right away . "  Oh my gosh , we were like psyched , " Stamatin said of learning it was a real mastodon bone . "  I was like I think we are the first people in Michigan to find a bone  who  are only 11 years old . " The mastodon , which is Michigan 's state fossil , is common to the geographic landscape , according to Zawiskie . He said more than 200 discoveries have been made in the southern half of Michigan over the past 150 years , usually by farmers or construction crews . The large mammals became extinct because of nomadic hunters causing new stress for the population and a very abrupt climate change , dubbed the "  Younger Dryas " period , when temperatures reversed to glacial conditions . "  There are just incredible stories beneath us , about how Earth changed in the past , " Zawiskie said . "  Every once in a while -- by construction workers , or exploring 11-year-old boys and girls -- something like this comes to the forefront and reminds us of the incredible history of Earth 's landscape . " Cristina Stamatin , Eric 's mother , said when the boys stumbled in the house with the discovery her first thought was "  oh my goodness , what did they bring home ? " She told CNN she thought it was a cow 's bone . "  It 's been sitting on dining room shelf since last June , " Stamatin said . She reached out to the paleontologist in November . "  John , Dr. John the scientist as my son calls him , was over my house within an hour after me e-mailing him to say ` you wo n't believe what you discovered ' " the mother explained . When they first discovered the mass with a large hole in it , Andrew Gainariu told CNN , "  I said it 's obviously a dinosaur bone , but my cousin said ` no . ' " "  I told Eric , you really want to go there ? I bet 100 bucks it is a dinosaur bone , because I have always been fascinated with bones , " Gainariu continued . The bet has n't been settled because the boys have since learned it 's not a dinosaur bone , but that of an extinct mammoth . Gainariu said this experience has him thinking about maybe becoming a paleontologist , but he is still considering being a lawyer "  and other things too . " Stamatin said he is a bit nervous about his presentation Friday . "  I am bringing the bone tomorrow , and I am going to make a poster and explain to every science class in sixth grade what a mastodon is , " he told CNN . "  I feel really special . People said it 's just amazing how I found this . " The boys are mulling over what they are going to do with the fossil . "  Andrew said maybe we can sell it , and that we could be famous ... but I guess we are famous already , " Stamatin said . "  We are still in the thinking process of putting it on eBay or giving it to the museum , " Gainariu clarified Thursday . "  I have been thinking of selling it and making money off it , " Gainariu continued , "  but who is going to pay 2,000 bucks for a bone ? " Read more : Scientist describes fruit-loving , housecat-sized dino	Cousins made an exciting find in Michigan creek They learned it was a bone belonging to mastodon One is taking find to his school on Friday
CNN  -- In 2004 , a bullet ripped away Connie Culp 's nose , cheeks and upper jaw . Metal fragments sprayed into her skull and stripped her face away , leaving nothing except for her eyes , her chin and forehead . Culp , an Ohio mother of two , lost the mid-portion of her face after a gunshot wound in September 2004 . Without her nose , she could not smell . She breathed through a tracheostomy -- a surgical opening in her neck . Without lips , she could barely speak . But Tuesday , when Culp , 46 , the first recipient of a face transplant in the United States , stepped in front of the cameras at a news conference , she was whole . In a soft voice , the Ohio mother of two repeatedly thanked the medical staff and the deceased donor whose nose , upper lip , cheekbones are now hers . "  I want to focus on the donor family that allowed me to have this Christmas present , " she told reporters gathered at the Cleveland Clinic , where her surgery took place . Watch Culp talk about the surgery " In December , Culp underwent a 22-hour transplant surgery . Although the hospital announced the facial transplant at that time , the patient had remained anonymous until the news conference . During the surgery , tissue from a deceased donor 's face was shaped and fitted into position . Multiple layers of tissue , bone , muscle and blood vessels , nerve grafts and each artery and vein were connected . Culp received a nose , lower eyelids and upper lips , as doctors filled in the missing components of her face . Culp could not yet move her facial muscles to form a smile , but she laughed . "  Well , I got me my nose . " she quipped . Two months after the surgery , Culp was discharged from the hospital and returned home . Before the surgery , Culp could not eat solid foods . She could not taste . "  Connie can now enjoy her food , " said Dr. Maria Siemionow , who led the transplant operation . "  She eats hamburgers and enjoys her pizzas , she 's drinking coffee from the cup . " Her new face allows her to "  blend with society . " "  As you can see we have now a healthy person and happy person , " Siemionow said . "  She has reduced dramatically her pain and also she 's able to walk on the street without being called names . " Since the operation , doctors say Culp 's new face has developed more movement . The new facial nerves are growing slowly , about an inch a month . See before and after photos of Connie Culp " "  While Connie can do several things now that she was unable to do in the past , as time goes on more and more of the facial nerves will grow , " said Dr. Frank Papay , chairman of the Dermatology and Plastic Surgery Institute at the Cleveland Clinic . "  She will become more animated . " For years , Culp lived "  in tremendous pain , chronic pain , over the entire time , " said Siemionow , director of plastic face transplant surgery research and head of microsurgery training at the hospital . Culp told a local television station in a 2008 interview that she had been shot in the face from just eight feet away in an attempted murder-suicide by her husband . In 2005 , Culp came to the Cleveland Clinic for treatment . After 30 surgical procedures , none had restored her basic functions . "  The last resort and the last option was to consider face transplantation , " said Siemionow . Transplant recipients have to take immunosuppressing , anti-rejection drugs for the rest of their life . After the hospital 's surgeons , ethical committee members , psychiatry and psychology specialists met with Culp , they decided "  that Connie is the right patient , " Siemionow said . Doctors involved in Culp 's treatment said the surgery was not about aesthetics , but to restore Culp 's basic abilities . "  We are actually overwhelmed by how great she 's doing functionally , " Siemionow said . "  And I 'm re-emphasizing that this is all about functional outcome . Someone who could n't breathe through the nose , who could n't eat solid foods , did n't have a palate or not able to drink from a cup . ... So if she can do all these functions that are taken for granted on a daily basis , this is amazing . " Although there is a risk Culp 's body could still reject the transplant , the doctors said they have not seen such signs . Some critics say face transplants are unnecessary , because they are risky procedures involving a lifetime of immunosuppressants , that do not save a person 's life , but improve an individual 's appearance . Previous face transplants performed in Europe and Asia generated controversy . A Chinese man whose face was disfigured in a bear attack died of unknown causes two years after receiving the face transplant . The fact that Culp regained some of her basic functions highlights that "  this is not cosmetic surgery in any sense of the word , " said Dr. Eric Kodish , the professor and chairman of the Cleveland Clinic 's Department of Bioethics . "  We remain convinced about the ethical justification for the face transplant in this and potentially in other cases in the future . " Ultimately , the face transplant affords an individual 's "  right to decide what kind of life they want to live . " Many with facial disfigurements are called names , ca n't go out in public or wear masks to hide their face , said Siemionow . In Culp 's case , it was a matter of restoring basic physical abilities . "  If you can breathe through your nose in the spring in Cleveland , is n't that amazing ? " said Siemionow . Culp will require a few more cosmetic procedures , for example to remove excess skin from her face . Culp read a statement and did not take questions . She told reporters in the news conference that she had been shot and said , "  I do n't want to go into it . " Then she asked the public to have empathy for people with facial disfigurements . "  When somebody do n't look as pretty as you do , do n't judge them , " she said . "  You do n't know what might happen to you . Do n't judge the people who do n't look the same way as you do . You never know when it may be taken away from you . "	An Ohio woman who suffered gunshot wound is first U.S. face transplant recipient Connie Culp regained breathing and speaking ability after transplant Doctors say she has shown major medical improvements
CNN  -- This was not in the script . In a season where Real Madrid has appeared irrepressible at times , a 1-1 draw against relegation-threatened Valladolid was not what manager Carol Ancelotti might have anticipated . A ninth minute injury to Cristiano Ronaldo , making him doubtful for this weekend 's game against Celta Vigo and perhaps even the Champions League final , merely rubbed salt into the wounds . Ronaldo appeared to leave the field as a precautionary measure with a hamstring strain before his teammates were forced to settle for a frustrating point against a resilient Valladolid . The result leaves Real four points adrift of leader Atletico , who face Malaga on Sunday before a final day showdown with Barcelona . "  It is practically gone now but while there is a mathematical chance then Madrid are obliged to keep going , " goalscorer Sergio Ramos told reporters . "  It has been a long season and it takes its toll on the body . "  We wasted a unique opportunity and we will now have to examine it calmly . With 10 minutes to go we relaxed , and against a side battling for survival , they are always going to make it difficult for you , " The title is now surely between leader Atletico Madrid and second place Barcelona . Should Barcelona defeat Elche , it will need to see off Atletico at Camp Nou to claim the title . Real , which began the contest without the injured Gareth Bale , adjusted to the loss of Ronaldo and moved ahead 10 minutes before the break . Ramos , who has scored five goals in his past four games , unleashed a fine free-kick from 25-yards which flew into the net . The home side , which has struggled throughout the season for goals , improved after the interval and slowly took the initiative . And it came as little surprise when Humberto Osorio headed home Marc Valiente 's corner with five minutes of normal time remaining . The loss of Ronaldo , who has scored 31 league goals this season and 50 in all competitions , will be of greatest concern to Ancelotti . Real faces Atletico in the Champions League final on May 24 in Lisbon and will be keeping a close eye on the Portugal midfielder over the next week . Anceloitti 's side , which takes on Celta Vigo in its next match , finishes the campaign at home to Espanyol on May 18 .	Cristiano Ronaldo limps off during Real Madrid 's draw at Valladolid Ronaldo lasted just nine minutes of 1-1 draw Sergio Ramos had fired visiting side ahead Real four points off leader Atletico with two games remaining
CNN  -- A flood of details has emerged in the past 24 hours about the case of Ariel Castro and the three women police say he held for close to a decade inside his modest Cleveland home . Based on an initial incident report obtained by CNN , we know the women -- Amanda Berry , 27 ; Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , 23 ; and Michelle Knight , 32 -- say they were beaten and sexually abused . One says she suffered at least five miscarriages induced by starvation and beating . And we know they only rarely , and briefly , left the home on Seymour Avenue that had become their prison . But some questions remain unanswered in this case . Here 's a look at a few of them : Did anyone know ? And if not , how could that be ? It seems implausible -- three women , and later a child , held captive for close to a decade within a 1,400-square-foot home in a densely populated urban neighborhood without anyone else knowing . Would n't his brothers or other relatives , his children -- somebody -- have noticed something strange going on ? At first , authorities seemed to think so : they arrested Castro and his two brothers on Monday , saying initially that the brothers were linked to the investigation . On Tuesday , however , they said that did n't seem to be the case . One explanation may be Castro 's penchant for obsessive privacy around his home , according to the father of his late common-law wife . Ishmael Figueroa once shared a home with his daughter , Grimilda Figueroa , and Castro . Figueroa lived downstairs , the couple lived upstairs . Castro , he says , would never let anyone visit the second floor . And when Castro and Grimilda Figueroa moved to the house on Seymour Avenue -- where the women were later discovered -- Castro would n't even let family members through the front door . "  Ariel kept everybody at a distance , " said Cleveland Deputy Police Chief Ed Tomba . Timeline : From missing to liberated Could Castro be charged with murder ? It 's an intriguing question . Ohio is one of 38 states with a fetal homicide law , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Authorities have searched Castro 's home and found no evidence of human remains . But in her initial interview Monday with police , Knight told investigators that she had suffered at least five miscarriages , according to the incident report obtained by CNN . Castro would starve and punch her in the stomach to induce miscarriage , Knight said , according to the document . Authorities have n't publicly discussed such an idea , but CNN affiliate WOIO -- citing multiple law enforcement sources -- said authorities are investigating the possibility of murder charges against Castro . Will anyone get the reward ? Berry 's and DeJesus ' disappearances were frequently in the news , and a $ 25,000 reward was on offer in the case . In the immediate aftermath of Berry 's daring escape , speculation centered on whether Charles Ramsey , one of two neighbors who came to her aid , deserved the reward . Ramsey himself suggested the money should go to the women . Authorities have n't concluded who , if anyone , should get the money , but are discussing it , Tomba said . "  That is going to be up to the entities that put up that reward money and what their protocol is , but Mr. Ramsey does deserve something . A lot of credit and he is the true key to this case , " Tomba said .	Did anyone know ? Could Castro face murder charges ? What about the $ 25,000 reward ?
CNN  -- In a warehouse about the size of four football fields , more than a million units of online retail items are housed . It is essential that all inventory is organized and easy to find , in order to get these items to their final destinations on time -- that is , unless the inventory needed can be summoned on demand . That is exactly what happens at the 25,500-square-meter Quiet Logistics fulfillment center , in Massachusetts , where 200 robots help workers prepare 10,000 to 20,000 orders for delivery every day . It uses a system designed by Amazon subsidiary Kiva that keeps track of all inventory so the robots know exactly what is on each storage unit . "  The robots job is really to move inventory from storage to the work station , " said Brian Lemerise VP of third-party fulfillment at Quiet Logistics . "  Anytime someone places an order ... the robot is dispatched to the storage location that has that unit and brings it to our associates to pick . " Kiva robots have a reported accuracy rate of 99.99 % , so human error is practically eliminated in this phase of the process . With names like Bot-Mobile , Jack-in-the-Bot , and Betty-Bot , each robot is given its own identity and its own assignments . Like a choreographed routine they move autonomously up and down the aisles of the warehouse at about 10 kilometers per hour -- never missing a step , and always hitting their mark . This is made possible by the bar codes they drive over and the cameras on the bottom of the drive units , which together communicate where the bot is driving to . They are designed to operate in tight quarters and at just 76 cm long , 64cm wide and 41 cm high , the robots are small enough to travel under the storage units , yet strong enough to lift almost a metric ton of merchandise . They can even find the charging station when their power is running low . What keeps this mechanical workforce performing with such precision -- and from crashing into each other -- is the software that commands it . "  We think of the software as being a giant air traffic control system , " says Al Dekin , Senior VP of sales and marketing at Quiet Logistics . "  The software will allocate a certain number of spots to a specific robot ; that 's what keeps the robots from hitting each other " He adds : "  In terms of overall productivity , the use of the robotics tend to be around anywhere between three-and-a-half to upwards of five times more productive , so we 'd have to have that many more people to actually get the same amount of work done . " But the human touch is still necessary to get the products out the door . Quiet Logistics has 400 people working on fulfillment at the Massachusetts facility alone , so these smart machines are not yet ready to replace living workers . But they do make it easier to get the job done .	At online-shopping warehouse , 200 robots help workers dispatch retail orders The robots , made by Amazon subsidiary Kiva , have a reported accuracy rate of 99.99 % They have their own names and can even find their charging station
The brother of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri is proposing to mediate a peace deal between the West and Islamists . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Mohamed al-Zawahiri unveiled his proposal for the first time , saying he is in a unique position to help end the violence and that both sides need to make concessions . As the al Qaeda leader 's brother , he says they are ideologically inseparable , and that if anyone can talk his brother out of violence it 's him . He is like so many former prisoners I 've met -- calm , collected , focused and utterly convinced by long held views examined , tested and reforged in incarceration . Mohamed al-Zawahiri is not a physically imposing man . His long beard is shading from gray to white , his features and figure drawn . Ramadan is long over but he still fasts until the sun goes down . Mohamed spent 14 years in Egyptian jail on charges including terrorism and involvement in the 1981 assassination of President Anwar Sadat 1981 . He denies the charges . On 9/11 , al Qaeda looks to Syria to revive its fortunes For five years he was in solitary confinement in a cell 180 centimeters by 180 centimeters  6 feet by 6 feet  where , locked in with his own thoughts , he had plenty of time to plan what to do when released . That day came a few months ago in May . He wants peace , he says , between Muslims and non-Muslims and has written a proposal that outlines the terms . He says he 's offering to be an intermediary between Islamists and the United States and the West . "  I do n't represent a certain group . My role is a mediator between the West and them . " A source with direct knowledge of Egyptian government talks with jihadists in the Sinai says al-Zawahiri is helping negotiations . The source says al-Zawahiri has the respect of the Islamists and the trust of the new government . Al-Zawahiri says his offer puts him at risk from radical Islamists , but says he is not acting from weakness or for personal gain . His six-page proposal offers a 10-year truce if the following terms are met . In brief they are : • U.S. and West to stop intervening in Muslim lands • U.S. to stop interfering in Muslim education • U.S. to end the war on Islam • U.S. to release all Islamist prisoners . The document also calls on Islamists to change their behavior too : • Stop attacks on Western and U.S. interests • Protect legitimate Western and U.S. interests in Muslim lands • Stop provoking the U.S. and the West Through his steely determination to get his voice heard and his message out it is hard to gauge how much hope al-Zawahiri is really investing in his initiative . Is he trying to get back in the jihadist spotlight he once occupied before his incarceration ? Al Qaeda diminished , but not gone Back then he was military commander of Islamic Jihad that would later ally with al Qaeda . Back then he reportedly had disagreements with his brother about the way forward for the group . Then came his came his arrest , long before 9/11 , picked up , he says , by Egyptian authorities in the United Arab Emirates . He says he told his interrogators he could work a truce with Islamists but he says his jailers did n't want to know . "  If this idea had succeeded , September 11 would not have even happened in the first place . I hope this opportunity today is not wasted . " Osama bin Laden had a similar proposal in 2004 . It was followed a year later by the deadly 7/7 subway attack in London killing 52 people . Al-Zawahiri offers no guarantees that he has some quick fix . "  This is a very tough mission . You have to be logical . If you want to live in peace then you must make others feel that they will live in peace . " He says his brother will listen to him , but admits he has n't talked to him in long over a decade . While he once had standing among his Islamist peers , the reach of his influence today is hard to judge ; being connected by blood to one of the world 's most wanted men only carries so much weight . The cost , he says , of getting out of today 's conflict must be paid . "  We want to turn this page and forget the past . " It would n't be the first time the terms are unacceptably high . Analysis : Al Qaeda in Yemen suffers another blow as top Saudi member is killed	Mohamed al-Zawahiri puts forward plan to end Muslim vs. West violence He is the brother of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri He spent 14 years in an Egyptian jail on terror charges that he denies Plan calls for Islamists and Western nations to make changes
CNN  -- Fried chicken . Mashed potatoes . Collard greens . These were the foods Chris Ross grew up on in rural Kentucky . "  One of the earliest food memories I have is my grandfather making hamburgers ... my grandmother frying potatoes , " he says . "  Of course , in those days , everything was fried in lard . " Ross still enjoys those foods , despite having lost -- and kept off -- more than 100 pounds . He does n't make substitutions or skip the bun . His weight loss secret is n't really a secret at all . He simply eats less . Ross , the executive chef at Bristol Catering in Louisville , Kentucky , started gaining weight after high school while working in restaurants , first as a waiter , then as a cook . At the time , he was studying law enforcement in college , but in between classes , he came home to watch the Food Network . "  I just got consumed , " he says . He did n't really notice that he had gained 20 or 30 pounds over his freshman year . He ignored the signs when his clothes stopped fitting . Later , when an overweight friend at work mentioned their similarities , he was confused . "  I never saw it , " Ross says . "  It 's a weird realization when you 're gaining weight . You think , you 're getting older . Maybe it 's normal . " Then in late 2004 , Ross stepped on a scale for the first time in years . The scale , which only went up to 300 pounds , refused to register his weight . That was bad . When he finally found another scale to tell him the truth , it was worse . The 6-foot-2-inch chef was 327 pounds . "  To realize that you 're not just obese , but morbidly obese , it was pretty tough on the mental psyche . " Ross started looking at his daily habits a little closer . He switched from regular Coke to Coke Zero and lost 10 pounds over a couple months . Then he picked up a book -- "  French Women Do n't Get Fat " by Mireille Guiliano -- that he saw Oprah Winfrey discussing on her show . As a chef , he 'd always had a love for Paris . If anything could motivate him , this was it . The book talked about eating smaller portions , drinking water and walking everywhere . So Ross started doing the same . He tried to drink eight glasses of water every day , and he made an effort to walk for at least an hour before or after work . Take upwave 's challenge : Drink more water ! The book 's tips helped him drop another 20 pounds . But it was n't enough . After reading about a New Orleans chef who had lost weight , Ross decided to conduct an experiment . For one day , he wrote everything that he tasted at his restaurant down on disposable spoons and tossed the spoons into a pan . At the end of the day , he tallied the calories . He had consumed more than 4,000 just from tasting his dishes . "  Breakfast , lunch , dinner in addition to that -- I was taking in 6,000 calories a day , " Ross says . "  And not being an Olympic athlete , it was kind of hard to burn it off . " Ross could n't stop tasting his food . So he started discreetly spitting out his tastes into the trash . From that point on , nothing could stop him . When he hit 250 pounds , he started jogging . When he lost 10 more pounds , he ran a 5K race . When he got down to 230 pounds , he proposed . Then he and his fiancee started taking a friend 's Zumba class . "  Man , the weight really started falling off then , " he says . "  I 'm a 36-year-old white guy with no rhythm . It 's a fun exercise when you get over the fact that you feel stupid doing it . " By the time the couple married in July 2011 , Ross weighed 190 pounds . "  I think the only way to really consistently lose weight and keep it off is to develop moderation and portion control , " he says . "  You need to eat what you want to eat , just try to maintain control . " With three kids and a growing catering company , the days of a 40-hour work week are long gone . Still , Ross makes time to run at least four days a week as he trains for the Kentucky Derby Festival miniMarathon on April 19 . His weight fluctuates . Some days , dinner is a McDonald 's double cheeseburger and kid-sized fries . He refuses to give up margarine , despite the FDA 's warnings about the health risks of partially hydrogenated oils . But overall , Ross has adopted the healthy lessons he learned in "  French Women Do n't Get Fat . " More importantly he 's adopted the author 's attitude : "  The key ? Not guilt or deprivation but learning to get the most from the things you most enjoy . "	Louisville chef Chris Ross started gaining weight after high school He realized he was taking in 4,000 calories a day just from tasting his food After reading an inspirational book , Ross lost 130 pounds
CNN  -- His was a rags-to-riches tale . A Greek immigrant who came to the United States and made it big . A waiter who gambled in his spare time . A poker prodigy who turned $ 50 into $ 40 million in just three years . Archie Karas has described himself the "  king of the gamblers , " but authorities in San Diego are now calling him a cheater . On Friday , police arrested the 62-year-old Karas , whose legal name is Anargyros Karabourniotis , at his home in Las Vegas , on allegations he marked cards during a blackjack game in San Diego in July . The alleged cheating was also caught on camera , according to authorities . The alleged incident occurred at San Diego 's Barona Casino . Karas won $ 8,000 playing blackjack , but San Diego District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis says video shows the gambler cheated with a technique known as marking cards . Marking cards allows a player to identify the value of cards . If done correctly , neither the dealer nor other players notice the marks -- only the player who is in on the scheme . "  This defendant 's luck ran out thanks to extraordinary cooperation between several different law enforcement agencies who worked together to investigate and prosecute this case , " Dumanis said . Karas is being held in Las Vegas without bail . He faces charges of burglary , winning by fraudulent means and cheating . He is expected to appear in court Monday for an extradition hearing . It was not immediately clear if Karas has legal representation . He won some , he lost some Karas ' exploits are legendary in the poker world . In 1992 , he went to Las Vegas with just $ 50 . He got a $ 10,000 loan from a poker buddy at Binion 's Horseshoe , according to Poker.org . Karas tripled the loan in one game . From there he went on to bet and win at pool , then poker . "  I was the best , " Karas told ESPN in an interview broadcast in 2008 . "  Anybody who 'd come to town I 'd play them , I did n't care who they were and I 'd win , too . " But he had a problem , he recounted to ESPN . No one would play him anymore ; he had simply won too much . He did n't quit . Instead , he changed the game . "  I had to play dice , " he told ESPN . He said lines of people used to show up to watch him bet $ 1 million on each roll . "  I ran it up to $ 40 million , " he recalled . "  It was a lot of money . " But as quickly as it came , the money left Karas . He said he lost $ 20 million in 10 days . Soon , it was all gone . It took him three years to win the $ 40 million and only three weeks to lose it . If the loss hurt Karas , he did n't show it in his 2008 interview . "  I consider myself the king of gamblers , " he said , chuckling . "  I made it , I lost it and like Frank Sinatra says , I stood tall and I took the punches and I did it my way . "	Authorities have charged a legendary gambler with cheating Archie Karas won $ 40 million over three years in the 1990s Karas , a Greek immigrant , lost his $ 40 million in winnings in just three weeks In 2008 he told ESPN he considers himself the "  king of gamblers "
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Six members of the Ukrainian armed forces were killed on Tuesday in a "  terrorist attack , " the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said in a statement on its website . The incident took place in the village of Oktyabrski in the Slovyansk region , about 20 kilometers from Kramatorsk , during "  a unit movement from the military base . " The location is in volatile eastern Ukraine . "  Our soldiers were attacked in an ambush . Terrorists attacked our land troops with grenades . The attackers were more than 30 people and set an ambush near the river , " the ministry said . "  After a long shootout , six soldiers of The Ukrainian Armed Services were killed , " the statement said . In another incident in eastern Ukraine , a separatist leader has been injured in a suspected assassination attempt , a spokesman said Tuesday , amid continuing turmoil in the wake of a controversial weekend referendum on independence . A car carrying the "  Luhansk people 's governor " Valeriy Bolotov was fired on Tuesday in the Luhansk region , said Vasiliy Nikitin , a spokesman for the self-declared "  Luhansk People 's Republic . " Bolotov suffered a gunshot injury , but Nikitin said it was "  light " and not life threatening . It is not known who was behind the shooting . The reported attacks comesamid simmering tensions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions , where pro-Russian separatists staged a referendum Sunday asking residents whether they should declare independence from Ukraine . Speaking in Brussels , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk had strong words for Russia , saying it continues to support the separatists behind the unrest . "  Russia will fail to make a failed state , " he said , as he urged Moscow to condemn the pro-Russian militants . Yatsenyuk said the priority for Ukraine was to hold free and fair national elections on May 25 , after which , he said , "  we expect to have a new , legitimate president . " The Prime Minister warned that Ukraine would pursue Russia through the courts over its annexation in March of Ukraine 's Crimea territory , including an oil and natural gas company based there . Ukraine will also challenge Russian energy giant Gazprom in court unless it agrees to renegotiate the price it charges Ukraine for natural gas supplies , Yatsenyuk said . Gazprom said the recent sharp increase , from $ 268.50 to $ 485 per 1,000 cubic meters , was necessary because Ukraine is billions of dollars in arrears . Yatsenyuk said Ukraine would pay what it owes , but only if Gazprom revises the natural gas deal in line with market rates . "  Russia is to stop using natural gas as another type of Russian weapon , " he said . ` Decisive role ' German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier , speaking alongside Yatsenyuk earlier in Kiev , warned that the situation in eastern Ukraine is "  still dangerous and threatening , " and backed efforts by the interim government to start a national dialogue . Steinmeier said the May 25 presidential elections would play a "  decisive role " in restoring calm to Ukraine and urged steps to disarm the illegal separatist groups who have seized key buildings in the east . He also praised the interim government for its handling of the crisis . Steinmeier 's visit is the latest in a series by foreign diplomats seeking a peaceful resolution to what has become the worst East-West crisis since the end of the Cold War . Their efforts have done little so far to prevent pro-Russian militants from tightening their grip on Ukraine 's east and south Nearly 90 % of voters in the Donetsk area favored secession , the head of the central election commission for the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic said Tuesday . He said just over 10 % voted against the move . Separatist leader Denis Pushilin said Monday that the Donetsk region was not only independent , but also would ask to join Russia . There was no immediate response from Ukraine 's government or the European Union . Pushilin 's announcement was reminiscent of separatists ' moves in the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea , which Russia annexed after Crimeans voted to secede from Ukraine and join Russia in a March 16 referendum . Acting Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov said Monday of the referendum : "  That farce the terrorists call a referendum is nothing else but a propagandist cover for killings , kidnapping , violence and other grave crimes . " EU , Canada impose sanctions Sunday 's referendum was also widely condemned by the international community . In its wake , Western leaders have imposed fresh sanctions in the hopes of pressuring Russia into reining in the pro-Russian militants . The European Union sanctioned 13 people Monday over the Ukraine crisis , bringing the total number subject to EU visa bans and asset freezes to 61 , an EU diplomat said . Two Crimean entities are also sanctioned . Those targeted in the latest round , whose names were only released Tuesday , include Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , the self-declared Mayor of Slovyansk , a rebel stronghold in the Donetsk region , and Vladimir Shamanov , commander of the Russian airborne troops . Meanwhile , Canada has imposed sanctions on 12 additional people , six Russians and six Ukrainians , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement . Canada 's expanded sanctions list includes Russian military chief Valery Gerasimov ; Russian State Duma vice-speakers Sergei Neverov and Lyudmila Shevtsova ; and Igor Girkin , known as "  Strelok , " who is accused of being a Russian saboteur and militant leader in eastern Ukraine . Also named by Canada are Crimean politicians and five representatives of the self-proclaimed republics and militias in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Canada 's government had previously approved sanctions against nine Russian politicians and businessmen , two Russian credit organizations and 16 Russian companies . Russia , which said it respected the will of the people of Luhansk and Donetsk in Sunday 's vote , has not so far responded to Pushilin 's announcement that he will seek annexation by the Russian Federation . Moscow denies having direct influence over the separatist groups . They went ahead with the referendum despite a call from Russian President Vladimir Putin to delay it . Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told reporters Monday that Russia finds the EU sanctions highly regrettable , according to Russian state media . "  It 's an absolutely thoughtless and irresponsible policy that does n't match reality in any way , " news agency ITAR Tass quoted him as saying . Hague : More sanctions in the pipeline Addressing Parliament in London on Tuesday , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague urged Russia to use its influence to de-escalate the situation and disarm the militants -- or face more tough measures . Additional sanctions are being prepared , he said , and the European Union is ready to impose them if needed . "  Because we have now widened the criteria substantially there are now many more individuals and entities who could be added , " he said of the sanctions list . Hague added that planning for a range of wider economic and trade measures is "  at an advanced stage . " EU members accepted that such measures would hurt their own economies as well as Russia 's , Hague said , but were united over the "  triggers " that would mean they were brought into force . On Twitter , Hague said that Britain would back Ukraine 's May 25 presidential elections by providing 100 observers for the Organization for Security and Cooperation mission and Â # 429,000  $ 723,000  in financial aid . CNN 's Atika Shubert and Kellie Morgan reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote in London . Journalist Lena Kashkarova and CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	NEW : Six soldiers killed near Kramatorsk Luhansk "  people 's governor " is injured in an attack on his vehicle , his press office says The names of 13 people newly sanctioned by the European Union are released Canada announces sanctions on six Russian and six Ukrainian citizens
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Tariq Aziz , a top lieutenant of executed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , remained hospitalized at a U.S. military hospital Sunday after falling ill in prison , the U.S. command in Iraq reported . He was taken to the hospital Thursday , though no details of his ailment were released . But 1st Lt. Elizabeth Feste , a U.S. military spokeswoman , told CNN his condition was improving and he was being closely monitored . Aziz was one of the best-known faces of Hussein 's government , serving as deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 and as foreign minister for part of that time . In March 2009 , he was sentenced to 15 years in prison in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants . He was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003 , shortly after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled the Hussein . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Tariq Aziz remained hospitalized at a U.S. military hospital Sunday after falling ill in prison He was taken to the hospital Thursday , though no details of his ailment were released Aziz served as deputy PM from 1981 to 2003 and as foreign minister for part of that time He was sentenced to 15 years in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants
Whatever the outcome of Facebook 's public offering of stock , the social network has already enriched quite a few -- as well as famously offered many hundreds of millions of people a new virtual social world . Yet critics claim that Facebook is hastening the demise of privacy , which as the cliché goes , is already on life support . Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy says that "  Facebook has purposefully worked to erode the concept of privacy by disingenuously claiming users want to share all of their personal information . " Human Rights First CEO Elisa Massimino argues , "  Facebook 's privacy policies are prohibitively confusing , make it difficult for users to protect personal information , expose to disclosure information users believe is private , and are changed without adequate warning or consent from users . " Mark Zuckerberg has responded to such criticisms in two rather different ways . On the one hand he argued that privacy is an obsolete social norm , echoing the  then  CEO of Sun Microsystems who stated , "  You have zero privacy anyway . ... Get over it . " On the other hand , Facebook has improved its privacy settings , for example , by allowing users to "  untag " themselves from previous posts and giving them greater control over what information can be accessed by third-party apps . From the viewpoint of privacy advocates such as New York Law School professor James Grimmelmann , Simon Davies of the UK-based Privacy International , Dany Nativel in France , and Malte Spitz in Germany , privacy is already on its last legs . Facebook merely adds to the major inroads made by the CCTV cameras that are ubiquitous in many cities around the globe , along with surveillance satellites , tracking devices , spy malware and , most recently , drones used not for killing terrorists but for scrutinizing spaces heretofore considered private , like our backyards . Corporations keep detailed dossiers on what we purchase . No wonder privacy advocates argue that we live in a surveillance society and privacy "  ended with Facebook . " Opinion : ` Facebook parenting ' is destroying our children 's privacy Actually if you look beyond all these alarmed pronouncements , you will find that : a  Many of these devices are applied to public spaces , where it is unclear how much of a right to privacy we have in the first place . They do what a police officer does , only using technology instead . In free societies , in which this debate largely rages , when the police do spy on someone 's home , personal phone or car , the courts still generally hold that the authorities need a warrant -- that is , they need to show a judge that they have reasonable evidence to assume the person has committed a crime . Under those conditions , privacy was not protected from the day the Constitution was written . b  Our communications are now much more secure from prying eyes and ears -- that is , much more private -- than they were before the cyberage . The main reason is that most of our sensitive online transactions -- financial , medical , etc. -- are encrypted , often automatically . The default option for Gmail user accounts also encrypts communications between users ' browsers and Google 's servers . The NSA is surely able to read encrypted communications , but few , if any , others can . Compare today 's messaging to those that were made by letters  that could be readily steamed open and resealed  , faxes and telegrams , and you see how much more private communications have become . c  These days , our information is routinely stored in computers and protected by passwords . Those , especially when we are lazy  and use -- as a surprising number of people do -- 123456 , abc123 , or "  password "  or do not bother to reset them regularly , can be broken . However , most times they hold . Compare this storage of information to what it was before the cyberage , when it was kept in paper files in drawers and locked offices , which often could be opened with a letter opener or even a credit card , not to mention a burglar 's tools . d  Before 2000 , the most intimate and private information , medical information , could be bought and sold . Health insurance companies could disclose information to employers , corporations profited as clearinghouses of buyers and sellers of medical records , and pharmaceutical companies used patient information to more successfully market prescription drugs to individuals . In 2000 , a new federal right to medical privacy was established in the United States . Those who share such information now , without proper authorization , can be tried as criminals . No wonder now there are very few reports of violations of medical privacy . Indeed , if you read closely the various alarmist articles about the death of privacy , you soon will note that many deal either with public spaces or with hypotheticals . They claim that police could abuse these tools , might use them to ill effect and so on . The American Civil Liberties Union , for example , criticized the use of drones by law enforcement by arguing that such use "  could eventually eliminate the privacy Americans have traditionally enjoyed in their movements and activities . " Facebook has been caught in the same crossfire between strong privacy advocates and the social benefits it generates for hundred of millions who use it to communicate with their families and friends , close and not so close . It improved its privacy settings , though it still takes a considerable amount of effort to set them at the specific level one prefers . However , if Facebook users choose to ignore the risk to their privacy when they log in to this domain , which is known for its openness , their complaints must be taken with a grain of salt . The same holds for the argument that privacy in general is on its way out . It surely faces new challenges in the cyberage , but also unprecedented protections . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Critics say the rise of Facebook coincides with the death of privacy Amitai Etzioni says privacy is better protected now than in earlier eras He says documents are encrypted , and laws prohibit invading medical privacy Etzioni : Those who use Facebook should be aware of the privacy they 're surrendering
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has stayed the Texas execution of a convicted rapist and murderer , saying that his defense team should have more time to make their case that Robert James Campbell is intellectually disabled . Campbell 's execution had been scheduled for Tuesday . It would have been the first execution in the United States since a botched lethal injection in Oklahoma left an inmate writhing in pain before death . His defense team now will have more time to appeal his death sentence . "  It is regrettable that we are now reviewing evidence of intellectual disability at the eleventh hour before Campbell 's scheduled execution . However , from the record before us , it appears that we can not fault Campbell or his attorneys , present or past , for the delay , " justices from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit said in their opinion . A neuropsychologist had diagnosed Campbell with "  mild mental retardation . " His attorneys say that makes him ineligible for the death penalty . But Texas prosecutors say their efforts are a last-ditch effort to stop execution and not a valid claim . In 2002 , the U.S. Supreme Court concluded "  the mentally retarded should be categorically excluded from execution . " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , in a petition contesting the defense claims of mental retardation before the appeals court 's ruling , questioned why Campbell , now 41 , waited until 12 years after a court had determined his mental state to raise the claims . "  Campbell 's last-minute claim of mental retardation , which was previously raised and rejected in the federal and state courts does not warrant review . Campbell is not mentally retarded , " according to pertinent case law , Abbott contends . Campbell 's lawyer praised the appeals court 's decision , arguing that Texas should stop pursuing the death penalty in the case . "  The Fifth Circuit 's decision today creates an opportunity for Texas to rise above its past mistakes and seek a resolution of this matter that will better serve the interests of all parties and the public , " attorney Robert C. Owen said in a statement . According to court documents and the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , Campbell was involved in a string of armed carjackings in 1990 and 1991 . In one incident , Alexandra Rendon , a 20-year-old Houston bank employee , was snatched from a gas station , robbed , sexually assaulted and fatally shot . "  Mr. Campbell gave Ms. Rendon 's coat to his mother , and her jewelry to his girlfriend , as gifts ; he also drove Ms. Rendon 's car openly in his own neighborhood , and told people he had been involved in the crime , " according to his application for post-conviction relief . These facts are key , as the defense team says they indicate that "  Mr. Campbell demonstrates no criminal sophistication . " Questions about competence Testing showed Campbell had "  applied academic skills consistent with an individual midway through fifth grade , " according to court documents , and while he was able to count and add change , he was inconsistent "  calculating change from a purchase . " He also asked a friend for help reading a non-digital watch , and an informant told the court Campbell could not read a car 's gas gauge and "  always had to ask others whether there was enough fuel to get to the destination , " the documents say . Dr. Leslie Rosenstein , a clinical neuropsychologist , diagnosed Campbell with "  mild mental retardation , " saying his performance on recent tests was consistent with his standardized intelligence test scores when he was a child , according to court documents . Campbell 's defense team alleges the Texas Department of Criminal Justice was aware of Campbell 's low test scores , yet told the team in 2003 that his only IQ test yielded a score of 84 , well above the threshold range for mental retardation . But as Judge Elsa Alcala wrote last week in her dissent to the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ' 5-4 decision , a defense team later learned the Department of Criminal Justice administered a test in 1992 , on which Campbell scored a 71 . Alcala described it as "  a score that , after applying the standard of margin of error , would indicate mental retardation . " Had the department not "  misinformed " Campbell 's defense , the judge wrote , "  then this court would have had IQ testing supportive of applicant 's mental-retardation claim . " Also influencing the dissent is that Rosenstein had deemed the 1990 test score of 84 "  unreliable . " "  This court should not base its decisions that determine whether a person will live or be executed based on misinformation or wholly inadequate information , " Alcala concluded in her dissent . Questions over execution drug mixes Campbell 's attorneys have also challenged the method by which Texas intends to execute Campbell . The constitutionality of lethal injection drugs and drug cocktails has made headlines since last year , when European manufacturers -- including Denmark-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital -- banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Many states were left to find new drug protocols . Campbell 's defense cites last month 's botched execution in Oklahoma , in which a three-drug cocktail was used to to try to put to death convicted murderer Clayton Lockett . The provenance of the drugs was shielded by Oklahoma law . Lockett reportedly twitched , spoke and writhed in pain for about 40 minutes before dying of a massive heart attack . Death row inmate Charles Warner was scheduled to die in Oklahoma the same day , but the execution was postponed . The Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals last week extended the stay until November 13 . "  We are very pleased that the  attorney general  agrees at least 6 months is necessary before any execution in Oklahoma can take place , given the need for a full investigation to be conducted into Clayton Lockett 's agonizing botched execution , and the Department of Corrections ' own recognition that protocol revisions and extensive retraining are necessary , " Warner 's attorney , Madeline Cohen , said . In Campbell 's case , Texas intends to use pentobarbital , and Campbell 's lawyers point out that the drug is no longer available in regulated form and can be obtained only via so-called "  compounding pharmacies , " which operate outside of U.S. Food and Drug Administration oversight . Arguing Lockett was "  subjected to a torturous execution that undeniably violated his Eighth Amendment " rights , the defense says that pentobarbital also poses concerns after Oklahoma inmate Michael Lee Wilson complained during a January execution , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Texas ' Jose Luis Villegas also complained of a burning sensation during his April execution , and he was executed "  using compounded pentobarbital from the same batch intended for Mr. Campbell , " the defense 's appeal says . Campbell 's attorneys say Texas ' refusal to disclose the "  source , efficacy and potency " of the drug raises issues similar to those in Oklahoma . It 's not about which drugs are used , Campbell 's defense wrote in its appeal , but about the transparency of the entire process . The Department of Criminal Justice , in its response , said that the drug that is to be used has "  been independently tested at 108 % potency and is free of contaminants . TDCJ has successfully carried out , without incident , seven previous executions with pentobarbital from a different compounding pharmacy and three with pentobarbital from the same source as will be used in Campbell 's execution . " "  What the events in Oklahoma have made clear is that the risk of torture and a clearly cruel and unusual outcome has been proved to be a very real threat when states are n't required to facilitate executions with the transparency and accountability and disclosure of the sort sought -- and denied -- in Oklahoma , " the court document says . "  In short , the events in Oklahoma have made clear that the risk of inhumane executions is substantial , including in Texas . " Panel suggests fixes for death penalty in U.S. Opinion : It 's time to televise executions CNN 's Devon M. Sayers , Vivian Kuo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : An appeals court stays Robert James Campbell 's execution He had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday Defense team 's challenges include state misconduct , client 's mental retardation Defense : Campbell has 5th-grade academic skills , ca n't read watch or car 's fuel gauge
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The world 's tropical forests are disappearing , and one reason is simple economics : People , companies and governments earn more by logging , mining or farming places such as the Amazon jungle than by conserving them . Global climate change treaty , scheduled for completion in December , is designed to protect tropical forests . Efforts to halt rain forest destruction date back decades , but they so far have failed to tackle the issue on a scale commensurate with the challenge . Now there may be a remedy , and the reason is climate change . Increased awareness of the threat from global warming has prompted unprecedented international focus on how to combat it , as well as new appreciation for the vital role of tropical forests in the climate change equation . On Tuesday , world leaders gather at the United Nations for a special climate change summit , intended to build momentum for a new global climate change treaty being negotiated by almost 200 countries . The new treaty is scheduled to be completed in December in Copenhagen , Denmark . If eventually enacted , the treaty will include a revolutionary but little-known provision intended to protect remaining tropical forests . Known as Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation in developing countries , or REDD , the provision is based on the knowledge that destroying tropical forests contributes to global warming . Rain forests absorb and store huge amounts of carbon dioxide , the most prevalent of the greenhouse gases that cause climate change . Burning or clearing the forests returns that stored CO2 to the atmosphere , where it can trap heat and gradually increase temperatures . Every year , tropical forests equal to an area the size of England are destroyed , contributing about 20 percent of total annual greenhouse gas emissions -- more than all the world 's cars , trucks and airplanes combined . The idea of the proposed provision is to make the stored carbon dioxide in the forests a commodity that can be bought and sold on the global market . Polluters in the developing world would be able to offset their emissions by buying credits for stored forest carbon dioxide . The money from those purchases would go to developing world governments , international organizations , local communities and others involved in forest protection programs . For the first time , tropical forests would be worth money for simply existing . That could create an economic incentive to protect tropical forests , which also have biological value as the planet 's richest storehouses of land species and spiritual worth as pristine natural landscapes . To longtime defenders of tropical forests , the proposal represents the final stage of a long and halting journey from the fringes of the environmental movement toward the mainstream of international policy . "  Done properly , this is our No. 1 hope , " said Randall Hayes , who founded the Rainforest Action Network in 1985 with the goal of halting tropical deforestation . "  Other strategies have been heroic but insufficient . " The system would let nations and industries that are the biggest greenhouse-gas emitters buy carbon credits in tropical forests in South and Central America , Africa , Southeast Asia and other equatorial regions . At the same time , investors could speculate on the price of carbon dioxide through credit trading . Private and public funds could invest in projects that protect forests to generate credits . Final details of the plan remain uncertain , such as how forest carbon credits would be verified and how the money paid for them would be handled and distributed . For developing countries , the idea represents a potential new revenue source . President Bharrat Jagdeo of Guyana , a leading proponent of the plan , has made trading carbon credits a central element of his Low-Carbon Development Strategy . The strategy "  is more about development than about the environment and it will help us to accelerate infrastructural development and fill the budget gap , " Jagdeo said in an August 29 speech . The World Bank and partners have set up funds to help developing countries prepare for REDD and finance forest-protection initiatives . However , both funds are not fully capitalized , pending the successful conclusion of negotiations on the new global climate change treaty . "  Right now everybody is in a wait-and-see mode , " said Benoit Bosquet , the World Bank 's lead carbon finance specialist . "  Everybody seems interested , but the level of activity is still humble . " Conservationists cite the environmental benefits of saving tropical forests , which provide essential resources and services -- such as fresh water , food , flood control and many others -- on which more than a billion people depend . Now , they say , conserving forests also can contribute to sustainable development , benefiting both nature and people . Yet several steps remain before the tropical-forest provision becomes reality on a large scale . First , the U.N.-led negotiations must agree on a treaty to succeed the Kyoto Protocol -- the world 's first global climate change agreement , which expires in 2012 . The Kyoto treaty created a global carbon market -- but only the carbon storage of newly planted or replanted forests is eligible for credits . REDD also would protect standing forests , to prevent the absorbed carbon dioxide stocks from being released back into the atmosphere . Whether a new treaty will be completed in December is unclear . Negotiators have yet to set consensus targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , and major disputes remain between industrialized powers such as the United States and emerging and developing economies including China and Brazil . The draft under negotiation includes REDD , but negotiations continue on how broad the policy would be . Advocates of a limited scope for REDD say areas with no history of deforestation should be excluded because protecting them wo n't reduce carbon dioxide emissions . In response , conservationists and developing nations warn against leaving out nations and regions -- including Jagdeo 's Guyana , parts of Indonesia and Brazil , Democratic Republic of Congo and others -- that still have much of their tropical forest intact . They argue that halting deforestation in only some countries would cause the loggers , palm oil developers and other drivers of forest destruction to move to previously untargeted areas . "  If REDD mechanisms exclude any significant group of countries , REDD will fail , " Jagdeo told U.N. negotiators in December . Critics , including some environmental groups , question how such a vast and complex system can be successfully implemented . A Greenpeace report issued in March said including REDD credits in carbon markets would create a glut and drastically cut the price of carbon , resulting in industrial polluters buying cheap credits for offsets instead of reducing their emissions . The report also warned of reduced investments in renewable energy technologies due to the lack of an incentive from the cheaper carbon credits . Others question whether REDD will be another scheme generated by industrialized nations to exploit resources of the developing world , and in particular , the indigenous forest peoples . Jagdeo , the president of Guyana , has said such critics should recognize the opportunity that a new climate change treaty could present . If it includes sufficiently robust commitments for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , he argues , that would create a strong demand for carbon credits . The deforestation provision of a climate change treaty could help stem deforestation while providing "  badly needed capital flows to some of the poorest countries in the world , " he said . Yet even the idea 's most ardent supporters recognize that it could take years for a global-scale program to become effective . While local projects exist in rain forest countries such as Madagascar , it would take time and money to expand them . "  If there is a deal in Copenhagen and if there is a signaling by industrialized nations that , yes , they will make money available , then you will see developing countries scaling up their readiness , " said the World Bank 's Bosquet . "  They will see that this is now real and it 's the time to react . "	World leaders gather at the United Nations for special climate change summit Treaty based on finding that destroying tropical forests adds to global warming With proposed provision , stored carbon dioxide in forests could be bought and sold Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation provision has critics
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book , "  Late Edition : A Love Story , " will be published next month . Bob Greene recalls a radio exec who was ahead of his time by working an almost endless day . CNN  -- I think perhaps the oddest person I have ever known was a man by the name of Robert Hyland . But the truly odd thing is that we all seem to have turned into him . Hyland was the vice president and general manager of KMOX radio , the 50,000-watt powerhouse in St. Louis , Missouri . He came to work every day at 2:30 . In the morning . That 's right : Hyland would show up at his office at 2:30 a.m. each day . He would then work straight through until 5 p.m. . He did n't do this once in a while ; he did it each and every day . He did n't do it to set an example for his employees . He did it because he could n't seem to stop working . "  I 'm not one of those people who need sleep to be refreshed , " Hyland told me once . "  I 'll go to bed between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. , and I 'll wake up at 1:30 a.m. I have an alarm clock , but I never set it . I wake up automatically . I shower and shave , and I 'm at the office by 2:30 . " I asked him if this schedule made any sense at all . "  It 's a good time to get a lot of work done , " he told me . "  The phone is n't ringing , and there are no distractions . I have a pile of paperwork on my desk , and I go through it . " At 9 a.m. , he said -- after he had been at work for 6 1/2 hours -- the other people at the office would show up . And he would keep going . Hyland may have seemed eccentric -- he readily understood that perception ; he said to me : "  I think what you 're thinking is that you 're talking to a nut " -- but if he had lived a little longer  he died of cancer in 1992 at the age of 71  , he would have witnessed something that might have astonished even him : The rest of the world joined him in his obsession . Hyland died just before the era in which everyone began using cell phones and staring at home computer screens . Society might never have been ready to do what he did -- come to the office in the middle of the night and routinely work 14 1/2 hour days -- had the technology revolution not come along . But come along it did -- and with it came the erasure of all the boundaries that at one time separated the workday from leisure time . E-mails and text messages and BlackBerrys and all their digital cousins may have given us the illusion of freedom -- we tell ourselves that we are unfettered by traditional offices , that we can go anywhere we please -- yet in the end they have created a nation of Robert Hylands . We 're never off the clock ; that cell phone may ring at dinnertime , that allegedly urgent e-mail may arrive at 11 p.m. , that instant message from the regional manager may pop onto the screen when we 're on vacation with our families . And what do we do ? If your answer is , "  We ignore them , " good for you . But the truth is , mostly we do n't ignore them -- mostly we snap to attention . Ask yourself this : What do you think would happen to an employee who received an e-mail at home from his boss at 8 o'clock on a Tuesday night , and who responded to the e-mail by writing back : "  I 'm sorry , but I 'm only available for work-related e-mails during office hours . If you 'd like to communicate with me about this matter , please feel free to do so tomorrow after 9 a.m. " That might be the rational answer . But how many people -- especially in this economy , and in this job market -- do you think would dare to do that ? And it 's not just when we 're working for our bosses -- it 's when we 're purportedly doing things for ourselves . Try to picture your father 's or grandfather 's reaction if in , say , 1958 , he had been trying to make an airplane reservation and he had been told by the airline : "  We 'd like you to purchase a computer and set it up inside your house . You pay for it ; you also pay for the electricity to run it . Now , we 'd like you to buy a printing machine -- you pay for that , and you pay for the ink inside it , and you pay for the paper that feeds into it . Now , we 'd like you to use the computer you 've paid for to do the work of reservation agents , so we do n't have to hire as many of them . Got it ? Now , use that computer , make your own reservations , and print out your own ticket . On your own time . " Had your dad or granddad been told that , half a century ago , he might have thought he was having a nightmare . But we 're grateful for it ; we tell ourselves this is progress . If we log on at the moment the seat-selection process opens up , and we manage , by playing airline-roulette on our keyboard , to get ourselves an aisle seat , we feel triumphant . We barely stop to consider that we 're working for the very airline company to which we 're paying our money . Robert Hyland said he would feel funny not working all those hours -- he even did it on Saturdays ; on the sixth workday of his week he would come in , as usual , at 2:30 a.m. "  I just do n't think that most people have the commitment to their jobs that I do , " he told me . If only he had lived to see 2009 . He would have been just a face in the crowd -- just another American to whom the notion of quitting time has lost all meaning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : I once knew radio exec who started work at 2:30 a.m. He says Americans now accept that they are always on call for work Greene : In tough economy , workers are reluctant to draw boundaries
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress enacted a $ 300 billion farm bill Thursday over President Bush 's objections , but questions remain about whether a clerical error will keep the bill from going into effect . Congress voted to override President Bush 's veto of a $ 300 billion farm bill . The Senate voted 82-13 to override the president 's veto of the bill Thursday , a day after the House voted 316-108 to override the veto . Both override votes exceeded the two-thirds majority required by the Constitution . A portion of the bill , however , remains in legal limbo . Before the House override vote Wednesday night , lawmakers discovered that the version sent to the White House last week was missing a part . The discovery raises questions about whether that section of the bill , which dealt with authorized trade and food aid , would become law . The discovery of the missing section , "  Title III , " prompted concerns from House Republicans that the override vote was improper . Democrats said the matter stemmed from a clerical error . But Republicans pounced on the "  fiasco , " which they said would require a temporary extension of the current farm bill . "  What 's happened here raises serious constitutional questions -- very serious , " said Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  I do n't see how we can proceed with the override as it occurred . " However , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that the override votes in both chambers of Congress would allow the sections of the bill that were sent to the president to become law . "  So , the farm bill minus Title III would be enacted " after the override votes , Pelosi said . "  But I 'm optimistic that we will be able to get Title III as well , either on its own or by sending the full bill again . " "  Obviously , we want the complete bill . But ... we have obviously consulted with those who are expert on the Constitution and congressional action and presidential signatures , vetoes and overrides . " In order to start the process of Title III to become law , the House passed the entire farm bill again Thursday by a vote of 306-110 . It is unclear what the Senate will do . It could pass the entire bill again , as the House did , or it could pass the portion not sent to the president as a free-standing bill . Two-thirds of the $ 300 billion in spending for the farm bill would go for nutrition programs such as food stamps . Another $ 40 billion would go toward farm subsidies , and $ 30 billion is allocated for payments to farms to keep land idle and other environmental programs . After vetoing the farm bill , Bush said it "  continues subsidies for the wealthy and increases farm-bill spending by more than $ 20 billion , while using budget gimmicks to hide much of the increase . " The president said it would hurt efforts to improve American farmers ' access to overseas markets . Congress has passed one bill over Bush 's objections : a $ 23 billion water-project legislation that the president vetoed in 2007 . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Congress enacts most of farm bill over Bush 's objections NEW : Portions of bill sent to the president are now law , Pelosi says Section of farm bill left out in version sent to President Bush Bush vetoed bill because he says it 's too generous to wealthy farmers
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- A large oil drilling platform arrived Thursday at the Chilean mine where 33 trapped miners are awaiting rescue . The oil platform is part of Plan C , the third operation to drill to reach the miners . Chilean mining officials have said they believe that drill will dig faster than the other drills currently at work . But they cautioned that the miners , trapped since August 5 , still may not be rescued until December . "  This was the most beautiful morning of my life , " said Elizabet Segovia , the sister of one trapped miner . "  It 's hope for the boys . Let them build it and get it working quickly . " Progress on the other two rescue operations was mixed , said Andre Sougarret , an engineer overseeing the drilling . The drill being used in Plan A -- a type usually used in mining operations -- reached a depth of 171 meters  187 yards  Thursday , 40 more meters  about 44 yards  since an update given by officials Wednesday . The Plan B drill , usually used to drill water bore holes , hit a snag at 268 meters  293 yards  , Sougarret said , when it struck a reinforcement beam used in the mine 's operations . The men have been trapped for 36 days now , 2,300 feet under the earth . When rescuers first found them , the miners told officials they had survived for more than 17 days by sharing a jar of peaches and small amounts of tuna and mackerel that were in their shelter . Officials were weighing how to best proceed after the problem with the Plan B drill , but said the drill bit would have to be retrieved and replaced . "  It was totally destroyed , " Sougarret explained . The Plan B device -- which had been drilling for less time than Plan A 's drill , and had already surpassed its distance -- also had a problem Wednesday with a cable malfunction . The drill is widening a hole already drilled into the mine . Sougarret said that once it begins drilling again , it could reach its target -- a workshop used by the miners -- within several days . Then a larger drill could be used until the hole is wide enough so that the miners can be hoisted out , one at a time , in a small cage .	NEW : One miner 's sister says the drill is "  hope for the boys " Platform , called Plan C , will be part of operation to drill to reach the miners Plan A drill is making progress ; Plan B drill has hit a snag 33 miners have been trapped for 35 days , 2,300 feet under the earth
CNN  -- It seemed innocent enough : two famous men running into each other at a public event by coincidence , exchanging pleasantries and small talk , and posing for a selfie later posted on Twitter . But the meeting between "  House of Cards " actor Kevin Spacey and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto this month in Cancún is at the center of a political controversy in Mexico that caught both the Hollywood star and Mexican government by surprise . Spacey , who plays a president on the Netflix series , posted the selfie with the Mexican leader on May 7 . "  1 President is real . W/Pres Nieto in #Mexico . Good meeting a man also making progress in 1st year in office . @EPN " was the caption on Twitter . The selfie was taken at Tianguis Turistico , an international tourism conference held in the beach resort of Cancún . Tour operators and tourism entrepreneurs and companies from around the world as well as Mexican officials and celebrities attend the event organized by the Mexican government . The Mexican President also posted a picture with Spacey on his Twitter account , although it was a more formal , sit-down meeting , with the two men talking and looking at each other . "  It was nice to be with actor @KevinSpacey , special guest of #TianguisTuristico , last night in Cancun , " Peña Nieto wrote on his Twitter account May 7 . "  To fans of @HouseofCards , I 'm sorry , I ca n't give away details of the third season , " the President jokingly wrote later . He also retweeted Spacey 's selfie . Controversy erupted May 12 after Mexican columnist Salvador García Soto wrote in the 24 Horas newspaper that Spacey had been paid $ 8 million by the Mexican federal government . Political analysts immediately started questioning whether the meeting had truly been "  a coincidence " or a shameless , self-promotional ploy by the President , paid for by Mexican taxpayers . Spacey was the first to react to the storm of criticism in Mexico . "  Story about Mex Gov paying 8m or any amount for selfie not true ! Was In Mex for Tourist Board event . Meeting President not planned at all , " Spacey tweeted May 16 . He had earlier tweeted that his endorsement of Peña Nieto was not necessarily personal . "  I guess nobody got the joke . I was in character as Francis Underwood in House of Cards , not myself ! I do n't know jack about Mexican politics , " Spacey said . CNN reached out to Mexican officials for comment . In an e-mail , Rodolfo López Negrete , chief executive officer of the Mexico Tourism Board , said that Spacey was paid to appear at the tourism event but not to pose with the President . "  Kevin Spacey 's participation at the Tianguis Turistico was part of the event 's general program . The Tianguis is self-financed through the sale of booths and entry fees . We also have sponsors through which tourism service providers finance some costs , " López Negrete wrote . López Negrete did n't specify the amount Spacey was paid for his appearance but said the entire event had a cost of between 40 million and 45 million pesos  almost $ 3.1 million to $ 3.5 million  . This and other explanations have done little to silence criticism in Mexico . A reader of 24 Horas , the newspaper that originally reported the payment , cynically asked his fellow Mexicans to pay their taxes . "  Let 's not stop in complying with our fiscal obligations , " the reader wrote , "  so that Peña the Clown can keep on paying his favorite actors . Imbecile . So many children on the streets and families without a job and he 's spending Mexico 's money in his  expletive  hobbies . "	Kevin Spacey meets Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto at tourism conference in Cancún Spacey 's selfie creates uproar after paper reports Mexican government paid actor $ 8 million Mexican Tourism Board official denies Spacey paid to pose for picture with Peña Nieto "  House of Cards " star admits : "  I do n't know jack about Mexican politics "
CNN  -- I 'll take saddest Jeopardy misspelling ever for $ 3,000 , Alex. Social media is still howling after last week 's perceived slight of eighth-grader Thomas Hurley III and his misspelling of "  Emancipation " during Kids Week on "  Jeopardy! " Thomas knew the answer to the Final Jeopardy question : Abraham Lincoln called this document , which took effect in 1863 , "  a fit and necessary war measure . " But the 12-year-old Connecticut boy added an extra "  t " to his answer : emanciptation proclamation . Host Alex Trebek said Thomas "  misspelled it badly . " "  That 's unfortunate , " he said . "  The judges are ruling against you . " Teen gives greatest ` Jeopardy! ' question ever Thomas , who was in second place with $ 9,600 in winnings , had wagered $ 3,000 on the answer . He hung his head . "  The thing that bothered me most was the way Alex Trebek and the producers treated my son . They were kind of smug , " his father , Thomas Hurley II , told CNN on Sunday night . "  It 's a kids ' tournament ! Everyone knew what he meant . " The show was recorded in February , but aired Wednesday . Hurley said his son "  was barely holding it together , he was almost in tears . He had to relive it on Wednesday . " Watch : I Lost on Jeopardy Jeopardy producers stood by their decision . "  If Jeopardy! were to give credit for an incorrect response  however minor  , the show would effectively penalize the other players . We love presenting young people as contestants on our show , and make every effort to be fair and consistent in their treatment . " Right or wrong , the younger Hurley still would not have won . He ran into a buzz saw of a competitor in Skyler Hornback , who set the all-time record for kids with $ 66,600 . Skyler 's haul was also the third-largest one-day total in the game 's history . For placing second , Thomas took home $ 2,000 . The Internet was not amused . "  I used to love Jeopardy , but how Alex treated that kid and embarrassed him was uncalled for , " Luke Tran said in a post on the Jeopardy! Facebook page . "  He called him out on his spelling saying it was badly misspelled when it was n't that badly misspelled it was just misspelled slightly . " Some questioned the point of the game show . "  Jeopardy is not a spelling bee game and frankly before Alex Trebek or the judges penalize this boy for not spelling a word correctly then Alex trebek needs too explain too the contestants that spelling matters in the final around , " Ash Cruz Rios-James also said on Facebook . A healthy back-and-forth ensued with those who found the show made the right call . "  Bravo Jeopardy! " said David Sneen on Twitter . "  If you were to give credit for a misspelled answer ... how close would the spelling need to be ? " Facebook user Jan Manire put it in perspective : "  Am sorry Thomas feels that he was ` cheated ' because of misspelling . Even if the answer had been allowed , he still would have been in second place and won $ 2,000 , which is what he won . " In 2010 : Jeopardy pits humans champs against IBM computer	Jeopardy ruling set off social media furor Thomas Hurley III placed second , winning $ 2,000 On the same episode , Skyler Hornback set the all-time record for kids with $ 66,600
CNN  -- In trendy neighborhoods of Tokyo customers are lining up for vitamin injections that promise to improve health and beauty . A Japanese woman receives an intravenous vitamin supplement at the Tenteki Cafe in Tokyo . These intravenous vitamin "  drips " are part of the latest quick-fix , health fad catching on in Japan : the IV cafe . Each drip pack contains saline solution and specific vitamins and minerals to target a particular health ailment or beauty concern . "  I used to take vitamin supplements , but changed to the IV drip because I feel the effects more quickly , " a 20-something woman at the Tenteki 10 Café told CNN . She said she receives specific injections to get better skin , burn fat and boost her energy . There are 10 different varieties to choose from at Tenteki . The "  orange " variety touts anti-aging properties , loaded with antioxidants . The "  placenta pack " is said to help rejuvenate and ease muscle stiffness . Prices range from $ 20 - $ 30 per injection , and nurses see about 30-40 people each day . Their most common patients are Japanese businessmen who work in the same office building . "  I see a lot of businessmen who say they do n't have time to sleep . They ca n't take a break from working and get the vitamin drip for an extra kick of energy , " a Tenteki nurse told CNN . "  Blue " is the most requested vitamin pack among these men : a concoction of B1 and vitamin E that claims to offer relief from exhaustion . Registered nurses and doctors administer the drips at Tenteki , but there 's no conclusive medical evidence to back up the health claims . Many nutritionists actually caution against using injectable vitamin supplements because the quantities are not regulated . "  More is not necessarily better ... some vitamins and minerals can be toxic in high doses , " particularly the fat-soluble ones which the body stores like Vitamins A , D , E and K , explained Claire Williamson , Nutrition Scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation . In Europe and the United States vitamin shots are popular among celebrities with hectic lifestyles and little time to sleep , particularly vitamin B 12 . Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell and singer Robbie Williams have both confirmed they 've used the shots as part of their diets to maintain stamina during tours . Dermatological injections of Vitamin C are also popular among women hoping to keep their skin looking young . Former supermodel Cindy Crawford has admitted using such injections to keep her skin firm and wrinkle-free . According to Williamson , it does not matter if supplements are injected into the vein or into the skin . "  At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream , " she said . Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods , nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods . "	Intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in Japan Vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns Nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements Vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue
CNN  -- Anthony Michael will take a one shot lead going into the final round of the Alfred Dunhill Championship at Leopard Creek Country Club in South Africa . Michael made a faltering start to his third round with bogeys at the first , third and seventh holes , but improved as the round progressed eventually picking up four birdies . The South African carded a third round 71 to finish on 10-under par , one stroke ahead compatriot Dawie Van Der Walt and last year 's champion Spain 's Pablo Martin . The 24-year-old Spaniard was one of only a handful of players to break 70 on Saturday thanks to eagles at the par five 13th followed by another at the 15th where he smashed his three-wood to eight feet and then holed the putt . Last year 's runner-up Charl Schwartzel posted a third round 69 to put him in a tie for fourth with another South African , Alex Haindl , on seven-under par . Co-sanctioned by the European Tour and the South African Sunshine Tour , the Alfred Dunhill Championship is the opening tournament in the 2011 Race to Dubai . Meanwhile , Iben Tinning has won the Dubai Ladies Masters at the Emirates Golf Club . The Dane 's closing round 69 gave her a winning score of 11-under , two shots ahead of Sweden 's Anna Nordqvist and three better than England 's Melissa Reid -- who finished third . Michelle Wie carded a flawless final round 67 but had to settle for fifth place behind England 's Florentyna Parker -- who led after the opening round -- and Christina Kim of the United States .	South African has one shot lead going into final round after posting third round 71 Michael being chased by last year 's champion Pablo Martin and Dawie Van Der Walt Denmark 's Iben Tinning wins Dubai Ladies Masters at the Emirates Golf Club .
CNN  -- China reassured its neighbors Sunday that it will maintain "  peace and stability " in the turbulent South China Sea , a day after the U.S. renewed concerns over territorial disputes . Defense Minister Gen. Liang Guanglie said China was keeping its agreements to the peaceful resolution of territorial disputes . However , Liang underscored the "  freedom of navigation and overflight " in the South China Sea . Chinese military has been accused of harassment in the waters recently . The area rich in oil deposits is rife with territorial disputes with claims by China , the Philippines , Vietnam , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan . It 's considered to be one of Asia 's more dangerous potential flashpoints . Liang said China is no threat to world peace , noting its military policy is purely defensive . "  To judge whether a country is a threat to world peace , " he said , "  the key is not to look at how strong its economy or military is , but the policy it pursues . " He sought to relieve concerns about China 's modernization of its powerful military , saying "  no matter how developed it may be , China will never seek hegemony or military expansion . " Vietnamese defense minister , Gen. Phung Quang Thanh , reiterated calls for the conclusion of a code of conduct between the regional organization ASEAN and China to help restrain disputes in the South China Sea . In his speech , Thanh recounted a May 26 incident when surveying cables of a Vietnamese oil exploration vessel were cut . Vietnam has handled the incident with "  patience , " he said , adding that they "  expect no repetition of similar incidents . " Philippine President Benigno Aquino said last month that the disputes in the South China Sea could spur a regional arms race . The Philippines accused China of intimidation in disputed oil-rich Spratly islands in the South China Sea , where its oil exploration ship was confronted by Chinese ships in March . The U.S has expressed concern about the potential for clashes in the region . In 2010 , China was angered when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for peaceful resolution of the competing claims , saying it was in the U.S. "  national interest . " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Saturday warned that clashes could occur in the sea if nations do not agree on ways to deal with disputes .	Defense minister says China is keeping its agreements to a peaceful resolution Chinese military has been accused of harassment in the South China Sea The area rich in oil deposits is rife with territorial disputes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The case against a Marine accused of murder in a 2005 incident involving the killings of Iraqi civilians in Haditha "  is simply not strong enough to prove against a reasonable doubt , " the investigating officer said Thursday . The investigating officer has recommended that Sgt. Frank Wuterich not be tried for murder . Lt. Col. Paul Ware recommended that Sgt. Frank Wuterich face trial for lesser charges of negligent homicide . The case involved allegations that Marines killed up to two dozen Iraqi civilians in the town of Haditha , Iraq , in November 2005 . Ware said the evidence indicated Wuterich "  failed to exercise due care in his own actions in supervising his Marines . " "  When a Marine fails to exercise due care in a combat environment resulting in the death of innocents , the charge of negligent homicide , not murder , is the appropriate offense , " he said in a statement . The recommendation goes to Lt. Gen. James Mattis , the commanding general overseeing the case , who will make the final decision . If the recommendation is accepted , it could mean that no one in the Haditha case will be tried for murder . Four enlisted Marines were initially accused in the case , and charges against two have been dropped . Murder charges remain against Lance Cpl. Stephen Tatum , although Ware has recommended dropping all charges against him . Ware said the evidence is too weak for a court martial . Four officers were later accused of failing to investigate and report the deaths properly . Charges against two of them have been dropped . Haditha , along the Euphrates River , was the target of previous Marine campaigns aimed at rooting out insurgents . Wuterich was leading a patrol through the city on November 19 , 2005 , when the unit was hit by a roadside bomb that killed one of its members . Twenty-four civilians were killed in what a human rights group and military prosecutors said was a house-to-house rampage by Marines after the bomb exploded . The military began investigating the killings in March 2006 , and charges were brought the following December . A statement from the Marine Corps originally blamed the civilian deaths on the roadside bomb , triggering a parallel investigation into how commanders handled the incident . Arrest made in terrorist financing case Earlier Thursday , the U.S. military announced the arrest of a man who smuggled $ 100 million into Iraq during the past few months to finance terrorist operations . The unidentified man , arrested Tuesday near Baghdad , allegedly employs 40 to 50 extremists at $ 3,000 per job for al Qaeda in Iraq bomb attacks against coalition forces , using money from supporters outside Iraq , the military said . "  The extremist financier is suspected of traveling to foreign countries to acquire financial support for terrorist activities and is suspected of supplying more than $ 50,000 to al Qaeda each month , " the military said . The suspect , captured during a coalition raid in Kindi , operates a network of financing cells across Iraq , the military said . "  He is believed to have received $ 100 million this summer from terrorist supporters who cross the Iraq border illegally or fly into Iraq from Italy , Syria and Egypt , " the military said . The $ 100 million figure is based on intelligence report estimates over several months , a spokesman for Multi-National Corps-Iraq said . The man is also accused of purchasing some of the explosives and weapons used in the 2006 attack on Samarra 's al-Askariya mosque , also known as the Golden Mosque , and a second attack on it in 2007 . The attacks heightened sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . During a separate operation in Radwaniya on Tuesday , Iraqi forces detained a suspected al Qaeda in Iraq platoon leader who commands 15 men in attacks on Iraqi and coalition forces with roadside bombs and direct assaults , the military said . Meanwhile , an Iraqi Ministry of Information spokesman said Thursday that Iraq has entered into a "  substantial " deal with China to purchase weapons and light military equipment for its police forces , because the Asian nation promised the fastest delivery . Brig. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf told CNN he was unable to confirm that his country was spending $ 100 million for the items , a number reported in Thursday 's editions of The Washington Post , which quoted Iraqi President Jalal Talabani . Khalaf said there have been delivery delays from other countries , including the United States , and adequately arming police forces is a priority in Iraq 's goal to provide its own security . In the United States , there are several layers of review before military equipment sales are approved . Khalaf said the deal was made last June during a visit to China by Talabani and Minister of Interior Jawad al-Bolani , whose department is in charge of policing and border control . Other developments : CNN 's Jamie McIntyre , Saad Abedine and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	If advice accepted , it could mean no one in Haditha case will be tried for murder Iraq to buy weapons from China ; $ 100 million worth , Washington Post says Pentagon : Detainee financed terror operations across country Financier allegedly paid $ 3,000 per roadside bomb operation
CNN  -- All eyes were on the opposition candidate as word of the election results spread . After tireless campaigning and vows of victory , what would he say to throngs of fired-up supporters ? Would he snap , after months of keeping his cool as Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sprinkled speeches with insults aimed at him ? On the night after the election , Henrique Capriles Radonski was quick to concede after official results revealed he had lost by more than 10 percentage points . New Venezuelan VP seen as possible successor to Chavez "  To know how to win , you also must know how to lose , " Capriles said . "  The word of the people is sacred . " His words , analysts say , reveal a strategy that could play a key role in how Venezuela 's opposition evolves . "  It was very magnanimous and , I think , very constructive , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue . "  I think that 's a real model for Venezuela and for other countries . " After any vote , the way the losing candidate responds can have an impact far beyond Election Day , said Barbara Kellerman , a lecturer on leadership at Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government . "  This is much more about the future than it is about the present , " she said . ` The country is not waiting for my insults ' On the campaign trail before masses of supporters , and in state television interviews broadcast nationwide , Chavez described Capriles as a "  dirty swine " and a "  fly " who was not worth chasing . He called him a "  little Yankee " and assailed him as a member of the bourgeoisie . "  He never acknowledged his name , just talked about the rich kid , and taunted him , as Chavez tends to do , " Shifter said . "  Capriles defended himself . But there was n't the rhetorical back and forth , the tit for tat . " From the outset , Capriles said he wanted to take a different tone . "  They insult me , hey , I am not going to respond with an insult . The country is not waiting for my insults . The country expects my commitment , " he said in a February interview with the Televen network . "  The country expects me to offer them a future . " Going head to head with Chavez was a tactic opposition politicians had unsuccessfully tried in the past , Shifter said . Chavez slams Venezuelan opposition after election victory "  He 's such a master at it . If you start to criticize him , then he 'll come back with more , " Shifter said . "  He 's demonstrated over 14 years that he plays this game better than anybody ...  and  he emerges stronger than ever . " Chavez still triumphed in Sunday 's vote , Shifter said , but Capriles -- with more than 45 % of votes -- came closer than any past presidential election opponent has come to defeating Chavez . "  It obviously resonated with over 6 million Venezuelans , " Shifter said . The opposition candidate was quick to reassure his supporters and stressed that he did not believe there was fraud at the polls . He compared the election to the way diehard fans feel when Venezuela 's national soccer team loses . They are devastated , he said , but they do n't stop going to the stadium . "  Look , I am on my feet . I got up , as I am sure the great majority of Venezuelans got up today . You have to learn from every process . You have to reflect always on every contest , " he said Tuesday . "  This path that we started to build together , this path continues , not against anyone but in favor of a better future . " Maintaining a unified front may prove difficult for the opposition coalition that backed Capriles , said Miguel Tinker Salas , a Latin American history professor at Pomona College in California . "  The one thing that brought them together was the figure of Chavez , " he said . Stephen Johnson , director of the Americas program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Capriles ' reaction after Sunday 's vote may help the opposition stick together . "  Conceding quickly and doing so in an honorable way is helpful in maintaining civility on the opposition side , " Johnson said , "  and also in moving beyond the elections . " A different approach You do n't have to look far , Shifter said , to see an example of an opposition candidate who took a different approach . After official results indicated he narrowly lost to Felipe Calderon in Mexico 's 2006 presidential election , leftist presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador accused authorities of fraud and never conceded . In the years that followed , Lopez Obrador referred to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico " and continued campaigning around the country . His supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . Memories of the upheaval stuck with many Mexicans . This year , when Lopez Obrador was once again a candidate , it did n't play well at the polls , Shifter said . "  It did n't really help his image very much nationally . I think he may have done a lot better this time . I do n't know whether he would have won , " Shifter said , "  but I think people remembered the way he acted in 2006 , and that was a real liability for him . " This year , election officials have repeatedly ruled that Enrique Pena Nieto won July 's presidential vote . Lopez Obrador has not conceded . Looking toward the future That 's not the norm , Kellerman said . "  The democratic tradition is to concede defeat graciously , so that whatever your future ... you are seen as a grown-up person who can accept this in the gracious spirit of an adult democracy , " she said . In the United States , for example , candidates often bounce back after an election loss , she said . "  We have a real tradition of people who 've been defeated once coming back to win the next time over , " she said , noting that Capriles could have a similar comeback in mind . Kellerman , who analyzes global leadership trends on her blog , "  Lame Leaders/Fed Up Followers , " described Chavez as a "  bully " and said a nation 's people tire of such tactics over time . "  Eventually , the temper of the times is such that it 's moving toward relatively greater levels of democracy and civility , " Kellerman said , "  and relatively lower levels of autocracy and bullying . " Shifter said Capriles ' post-election comments struck a "  perfect pitch . " Venezuela 's political landscape will inevitably change at some point , he said . "  Chavez is not going to last forever , and the concern is always that given the tremendous polarization in the country , and tremendous rancor , there 's always the potential you ca n't rule out for some instability and some violence , " he said . "  The discourse that Capriles used during the campaign , but especially after he lost , is very helpful to reduce those tensions and to point to a path of reconciliation , which is what the country will need to heal . " Even with the election results in , political uncertainty remains in Venezuela , with questions about Chavez 's health lingering . Over the past year , the 58-year-old leader has been visibly weakened by cancer surgeries and treatment . He has kept secret the kind of cancer he has and his prognosis . In May , speculation intensified over who would succeed Chavez when he named 10 people to the highest circle of his advisers . But in July , he said he was cancer free . Since Sunday 's vote , he has pledged to push forward with his socialist reforms in his next six-year term and "  be a better president every day . " That has n't stopped speculation that the situation could be more dire than the president lets on . "  Who knows how long it will be before the next presidential election , given the president 's current health ? " Johnson said . No matter when the next election is , Johnson said that "  going forward , it remains to be seen " whether Capriles will be able to win more support and maintain the opposition 's momentum . On Thursday , CNN affiliate Globovision reported that the opposition candidate filed paperwork to run in December 's election for governor in the state of Miranda -- a post he held until February , when he resigned to run for president . He will face former Venezuelan Vice President Elias Jaua , who has been a key member of Chavez 's inner circle . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Henrique Capriles Radonski conceded quickly after Venezuela 's election "  To know how to win , you must also know how to lose , " he says Analyst says Capriles ' comments were "  perfect pitch " Expert : A candidate 's response after an election "  is much more about the future "
CNN  -- His father and uncle fall to the ground , crying uncontrollably . After 11 years of not knowing , relief of finding a child they thought had been lost forever pours out of them . Christian Norris is reunited with his uncle and grandmother in Beijing . That child is Christian Norris -- he 's 17 now and he stood there unmoved as his father and uncle wept ; perhaps because to him both men are distant memories . "  I do n't really remember my dad that much , " Christian said quietly "  I just remember my uncle , who raised me much of the time . " His low-key , almost stone-faced demeanor was in stark contrast to his father Jin Gaoke . "  There are no words to describe the joy I felt when I saw him . He is like a piece of flesh from my own body . " His uncle Jin Xiaowang chimes in . "  The hair on his arms makes him look American , he has lots of hair on his arms . " Christian set this day in motion three years ago when he asked his adopted mother Julia Norris to find his Chinese family ; a search from Maryland in the United States , to a remote village in central China , which would eventually involve hundreds of China 's savvy Internet users . Despite her background as a federal and private investigator and her work on the TV show "  America 's Most Wanted , " Julia 's search kept proving fruitless . Police and orphanage records were incomplete and Christian 's memories were vague . "  The first obstacle was that I was focusing on the wrong province . He remembered being from Shanxi province ... and he remembered the name of  his  village as Dongjiagou , and so I searched and searched . " Both the village name and the province were wrong -- Julia was looking in the wrong place hundreds of miles to the east . Watch the emotional reunion " Everything changed in April this year when she contacted lawyer Zhang Zhiwei , who works with volunteers in China , reuniting lost children with the parents . "  Based on Jiacheng 's  Christian 's  memories we did some analysis , like his eating habits , " Zhang said . "  He likes vinegar , which should be in northern China and close to Shanxi . He also likes garlic ... and from his memory his family grew potato and corn , which gave us a hint of the region he used to live . " But the search really took off after Zhang posted a blog . "  When I posted the story many Chinese netizens were also moved by the selfless love and actively participated , providing as much detail as possible , all hoping to fulfill her dream of finding her son 's hometown , " he said . Through their Internet searches the netizens discovered that Christian 's birth parents were doctors and tracked them down to a city called Longde in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region through a medical essay they had written . But Christian 's birth parents were n't who he remembered ; for the first six years of his life he had been raised by his uncle Jin Xiaowang -- always thinking he was his father . "  My older brother wanted to have two children , an older one and a younger one . They broke the one-child policy . They were afraid it might affect their jobs  and  they brought him  Christian  to me once he was born , " Jin said . So Christian grew up in a poor village called Donggou . When he was 6 years old his uncle says he was sent away to school in the city to live with his birth parents , but was told they were a foster family . After just a few months , Christian wanted to return to the village , so his father put him on a bus , and that was the last his family saw of him . Details are vague and records incomplete , but it could have been up to a year later when police found him hundreds of miles away from his home , then took him to a nearby orphanage in Luoyang , Henan Province . The orphanage and the place they found him were in the same city . That 's where he was adopted by Julia , who was doing volunteer work there . "  When I found out that the birth family actually lost him at a crowded bus station and did not mean to relinquish him , my heart was broken for both Christian and the family . It was just sad . " Christian still has much to talk about with his Chinese family , "  but I 'm pretty clear that I was n't abandoned . " But simply talking wo n't be easy -- he 's forgotten how to speak Mandarin , and his birth relatives do n't speak English . But this is just for a few days in China before returning to the U.S. where he has lived most of his life . His Chinese relatives all say they respect his decision about where to live but hope that just maybe he will want to stay . "  He has grown taller , he has grown bigger , but inside Chinese blood is still flowing in his veins , " said his birth father Jin Gaoke .	Christian asked his adopted mother to find his Chinese family three years ago Police and orphanage records were incomplete and his memories were vague The search really took off after a blog was posted on the Internet
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police raided an Islamic school and arrested seven students hours after a blast in a mosque in northern Pakistan left at least 50 dead and dozens injured , according to an Associated Press report . A man , right , mourns the death of his two sons in a suicide attack near Peshawar that killed at least 50 . A bomb , packed with ball-bearings and nails , tore through Eid prayers at a mosque packed with hundreds of worshippers northeast of Peshawar on Friday , targeting Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao , former Pakistani interior minister , local police told CNN . The blast left blood-stained clothes , hats and shoes as well as body parts and pieces of flesh scattered across the mosque , according to reports . The attack is the most recent in a series of attacks in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province and occurred near Sherpao 's residence in Charsadda -- an area approximately 28 miles  45 kilometers  northeast of the city of Peshawar . Watch what 's known about the blast " Police investigators say Taliban or al Qaeda elements could have been involved and they believe the former minister was targeted over his supervision of operations against militants in Pakistan 's tribal areas including the restive NWFP . This attack is the deadliest in Pakistan since 136 people were killed in the southern port city of Karachi on October 18 in a suicide bombing targeting the convoy of Benazir Bhutto , Pakistan 's former prime minister . See photos from the blast 's aftermath " Bhutto returned to the country after eight years in self-imposed exile ahead of January parliamentary elections . The attack comes in the midst of continued operations by the Pakistani army to rout out militants in the swat valley in the north of the country , an area the government considers a front-line in the so-called global war on terror . A former tourist destination about 100 miles  160 kilometers  from Islamabad , The Swat Valley has been plagued by violence and has become a hotbed for militants . Earlier this month , the army said it has retaken towns seized by militants over the summer , killing 290 and capturing 140 . The attack also comes less than a week after President Pervez Musharraf lifted a six-week-old state of emergency he said was necessary to ensure the country 's stability but that critics said was a move to stifle the country 's judiciary , curb the media and secure more power . While Musharraf has promised free and fair parliamentary elections , continued instability in the tribal areas and the threat of attack on large crowds has kept people from attending political rallies and dampened the country 's political process . Campaigners from various political parties say fewer people are coming out to show their support . The president -- who survived two assassination attempts in December 2003 -- denounced Friday 's attack , speaking out against what he said was a small number of Muslim extremists who would carry out such an act , according to a report from the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan . He ordered security and intelligence agencies to find those responsible . A spokesperson for the U.N. said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemns the attack and he "  urges all political forces in Pakistan to unite against the scourge of terrorism and to act together to create a peaceful environment ahead of the Parliamentary elections . " This is the second attempt on Sherpao 's life since April , when a suicide bomber blew himself up just a few feet from Sherpao during a political rally , injuring him and killing at least 28 people . The APP reported that the blast was caused by a suicide bomber inside the mosque , as people were gathering for religious observances of Eid al-Adha , the Muslim celebration of the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia . "  We were saying prayers when this huge explosion occurred , " said Shaukat Ali , a 26-year-old survivor of the blast whose white cloak and pants were torn and spattered with blood , an AP report said . Despite security measures at the mosque , the bomber was praying in a row of worshippers when he detonated the explosive , provincial police chief Sharif Virk said , the report added . A Peshawar hospital was wracked with chaos as the injured arrived in pickup trucks , ambulance sirens wailed and the wounded screamed for help , the report said . The bomb contained between 13-17 pounds of explosives and was filled with nails and ball bearings to maximize casualties , said the head of the bomb unit at the scene , who declined to give his name . Sherpao and his two sons were in the first row of the mosque , the APP report said . Mustafa Khan Sherpao had leg injuries while Sikandar Hayat Khan Sherpao "  escaped unhurt . " Sherpao was Pakistan 's interior minister -- the country 's top civilian security official -- before Musharraf announced a caretaker government in November ahead of elections . He heads the breakaway political group Pakistan People 's Party-Sherpao , is a vocal critic of religious extremism , pro-Musharraf and a candidate in upcoming elections . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi contributed to this report .	Bomb detonated at mosque northeast of Peshawar , Pakistan Local police : At least 50 dead in attack on Eid prayers Reports : Former interior minister was target , escapes blast , one son injured Minister supervised military operations in tribal areas against militants
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- After 18 months of violent unrest , clouds of black smoke suggest conflict is closing in on Syria 's capital . On the streets of Damascus , no one flinches when artillery shells explode just a few miles away . Residents who support neither the government nor the opposition say the situation is out of their control . "  Every day , we are hearing this boom , boom and everything else , but there is life that is going on , " said Rama Hamdi , seeking a bit of normalcy at a beauty salon . "  I am worried sick about it , but there is nothing we can do . " Jolie visits Syria refugees in Iraq Despite an abundance of people at an ancient bazaar , several storekeepers say business is down . They said they are afraid to talk on camera , worried about what the government might say and what the rebels might do to them . When asked about the shelling heard in the background , the storekeepers say they are afraid because they think the war is getting closer . And they 're right . Destruction from when government forces chased the rebel Free Syrian Army lies just a 10-minute drive away . On many days , the reported death toll from around the capital is far higher than from areas surrounding other cities . "  Nowadays , I can not go to the countryside without being worried someone will stop me , " said Rauda Alaita , the salon owner . "  Is it the real army or the other army stopping me ? What answer should I answer them with  about  who I am ? Now it 's really difficult because you are stuck in the middle . " At a news conference under the banner of unity -- and in an array of anything but united -- opposition figures called for talks with the government . War clouds start of school year in Syria There is an air of urgency here as speakers discuss how the situation is worse than it was a year ago . They say they need to be united and need to speak with a common voice . Even as these talks are going on , here you can hear a blast in the distance . But members of the armed opposition , such as the Free Syrian Army , are n't present . They 'd be arrested . The opposition members gathered here are the ones the government tolerates . Some , like Mazen Bilal , know they are powerless . "  We are demanding from the regime ... guarantees for the safety of this opposition to come in , " Bilal said , "  but we ca n't impose this on the regime . "	"  I am worried sick ... but there is nothing we can do , " a woman in Damascus says Another worries about how to respond to regime or rebel fighters who might stop her Artillery shells explode just a few miles away from busy city streets
People with a gene variant that sharply increases the risk of Alzheimer 's disease in old age may show memory impairment earlier than thought -- sometimes well before their 60th birthday , according to new study in the New England Journal of Medicine . A variant of the APOE gene indicates whether a person has a greater risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease . Between 20 and 35 percent of Americans have one or two copies of this gene variant , inherited from one or both parents . People with one copy of the variant , called apolipoprotein E-e4  APOE e4  , have a 29 percent lifetime risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease , while people who do n't have it have a 9 percent risk . People with two copies of APOE e4 have an even higher Alzheimer 's risk , but it 's hard to define the exact percentage as only 2 percent of the population falls into this category . Despite the gene-related health problems , another study in the same issue of the journal suggests that people who learn they do have APOE e4 seem to handle the information pretty well . But the researchers excluded people with anxiety or depression , and they followed people for just a year . Therefore , the results do n't tell the whole story about what it would be like for most people to find out whether they carried the APOE e4 gene . Nevertheless , the findings are an important first step , said Dr. Kenneth Kosik , a professor of neuroscience at the University of California Santa Barbara and the codirector of UCSB 's Neuroscience Research Institute . "  I think it opens the door to ask the deeper questions , " said Kosik , referring to the possible consequences for individuals and society if widespread APOE testing were introduced .  Kosik was not involved with either study . If people do find out they have the APOE e4 gene , Kosik added , the new memory study could make the news harder to bear . Dr. Richard J. Caselli , of the Mayo Clinic Arizona , in Scottsdale , and his colleagues followed 815 people ages 21 to 97 with normal mental function , including 317 who had at least one copy of the APOE e4 gene . On one test of a person 's ability to learn and remember  the Auditory-Verbal Learning Test  gene carriers showed declines in their scores beginning in their 50s . For people without the APOE e4 gene , this decline started in their 70s . "  We 're not talking anymore about a retired population ; we 're talking about people who will be in the midst of their career , " Caselli said . He added that many would be in positions of responsibility in which they need to have all their wits about them -- and they may not . Health.com : Eat smarter in your 30s , 40s , and 50s " -LSB- The study -RSB- forces us to really think about the brave new world of genetics , " and how this information might be used , Kosik said . Although there had been a "  clear line " between having the APOE e4 gene but being dementia-free and having Alzheimer 's disease , that distinction is n't as clear anymore , he explained . For someone who discovers he or she has the APOE e4 gene , Caselli said , "  The only advice I have is , ` Do n't panic . ' " Right now , APOE gene testing is only recommended for people with mild problems with mental function or dementia ; for people with no symptoms , it should only be done in a research setting , experts said . Nevertheless , labs have sprung up that will offer the "  worried well " an APOE gene test for a fee . Having APOE testing without adequate medical , psychological , or genetic counseling is "  inappropriate , " said Dr. Hyman Schipper , a professor of neurology and medicine at McGill University , and the director of the Centre for Neurotranslational Research at SMBD -- Jewish General Hospital , both in Montreal . In these situations , Schipper explained people may not interpret the results correctly , and could run the risk of psychological harm . For example , people who find out they carry the gene for Huntington 's disease -- which means they have a 100 percent chance of developing a devastating neurodegenerative condition if they live long enough -- do indeed experience anxiety , depression , and suicidal thoughts , Schipper noted . Health.com : Fight aging -- the real secrets to staying young In the second study , Dr. Robert C. Green of the Boston University School of Medicine , and his colleagues in the REVEAL Study Group set out to look at whether something similar would happen to people who found out they carried the Alzheimer 's gene . They assigned 162 symptom-free people at random to a group who would receive their APOE genotyping results and a group who would not be told their results , and then checked their level of anxiety and depression -- as well as stress related to the gene test -- six weeks , six months , and one year after they got the news  or did n't  . All of the study participants had a parent with Alzheimer 's disease , but none of them had any signs of mental impairment or dementia . People who found out they did n't carry the gene variant were less stressed about the test than those who found out they did carry the gene . Green and his team also found that the higher a person scored on initial tests of anxiety and depression symptoms , the more likely he or she was to be anxious or depressed after finding out about the gene , although the researchers had excluded people with severe anxiety or depression from the study . However , there were no differences between the groups that were told the news and those who were not . The fact that people in the study agreed to be randomly assigned to get their APOE results suggests they "  are not representative of those who have a strong perceived need to know or need not to know , " Rosalie A. Kane and Dr. Robert L. Kane of the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis , wrote in an editorial published with the studies . The study also considered only the psychological impact of the news , they say . Some people might make major life decisions based on the news , such as deciding to hoard their money or spend it all . In addition , employers and health insurers are banned from discriminating against someone based on their genes , but companies offering long-term-care insurance , disability insurance , and life insurance are allowed to take this information into account . Health.com : How to get your way with body language One major reason why learning APOE e4 status could be so stressful is that there 's no clear way to reduce Alzheimer 's risk . But there could be soon , some experts say . "  We do n't know yet how by doing interventions whether or not we can beat the APOE gene or at least diminish its effects , " said Kosik . "  We do know that the likelihood of getting Alzheimer 's disease is very much affected by people 's exercise level , their blood pressure , their cholesterol levels , perhaps their diet , and the degree to which they engage in cognitive challenges . All of those things have data , some stronger than others , that you can have some effect on your likelihood of getting Alzheimer 's . " But , Caselli points out that trying to encourage people to exercise in order to prevent heart disease , for example , has been far from successful , and getting people to be active to ward off Alzheimer 's may be equally difficult . Health.com : Heartburn or heart attack ? How to tell the difference Maybe , however , the thought of losing our minds is a bit more motivating than the idea of heart disease . "  There is some recent evidence to suggest , in fact , that personal knowledge of APOE status and general AD risk profile may spur healthy midlife adults to adopt or modify behaviors that might protect against the disease , " Schipper said . Health.com : 10 Risk factors for heart disease Apolipoprotein is a cholesterol-carrying molecule , and the gene that makes the protein comes in three slightly different versions -- e2 , e3 , and e4  there 's no e1  . In addition to increasing the risk of Alzheimer 's disease , APOE e4 is also associated with a greater risk of heart disease . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Having one copy of gene variant , APOE e4 , means 29 percent risk of Alzheimer 's People with APOE e4 gene variant showed declines beginning in their 50s APOE gene testing is only recommended for people with mild mental functions
CNN  One of the performers from "  Orange Is the New Black " joked during the red-carpet preshow to the 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards that the TV director would need a wide shot to capture the cast if the show won . Cue the extra-large lens . The Netflix show won for best comedy series cast . The award was accepted by star Uzo Aduba , who earlier had won her own Actor  the SAG Award trophy  for female actor in a comedy . For that first award , Aduba -- who plays "  Crazy Eyes " Warren -- looked like she was going to pass out as she approached the stage . "  I really , truly do n't know what to say , " she said . She emotionally thanked a number of the show 's principals , including creator Jenji Kohan . William H. Macy , who won best actor in a comedy series for his performance in "  Shameless , " was just the opposite , loose and jokey . "  I 've written so many great speeches I never got to give , " he said as he accepted his trophy . "  But not tonight . " The 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards are airing on TNT and TBS . Both networks are part of Time Warner , as is CNN .	"  Orange Is the New Black " wins comedy series Uzo Aduba , William H. Macy win acting prizes
CNN  -- Champions League holders Inter Milan crashed to a 3-1 defeat at English club Tottenham on Tuesday night as the Italian side were again tormented by young winger Gareth Bale . The 21-year-old , who scored a hat-trick in the London team 's 4-3 defeat at the San Siro two weeks ago , again embarrassed the much-vaunted Inter defense to set up second-half goals for strikers Peter Crouch and Roman Pavlyuchenko after Rafael van der Vaart 's opener . The result put tournament debutants Tottenham top of Group A on goal difference , having joined Inter on seven points from four matches . Dutch champions Twente boosted their hopes of reaching the second round with a 2-0 win at German club Werder Bremen , moving onto five points . Your chance to ask Benitez your questions ... Tottenham started the game boosted by the presence of key midfielder Van der Vaart , who injured his hamstring in Saturday 's 2-0 defeat at Manchester United . The Dutchman again had to go off at halftime , but made a vital contribution in the 18th minute as he timed his run to perfection to collect Luka Modric 's clever pass and beat stand-in Inter goalkeeper Luca Castellazzi with a clinical left-foot shot . It should have been 2-0 soon after but Crouch opted to try an ambitious volley from Bale 's teasing cross when Van der Vaart was unmarked inside him . Carlo Cudicini started in goal for Tottenham in place of the suspended Heurelho Gomes , sent off early at the San Siro , and the Milan-born keeper kept the score level at halftime with a superb save from Wesley Sneijder 's right-foot free-kick . Inter boss Rafael Benitez gave 19-year-old midfielder Nwankwo Obiora his first-team debut in the 52nd minute , but Tottenham went 2-0 up just after the hour when Bale raced down the left past Brazil fullback Maicon and curled a perfect low cross into the path of Crouch . Benitez responded by bringing on teen prodigy Coutinho and May 's final hero Diego Milito , but it was the Argentina forward 's early-season replacement Samuel Eto'o who continued his hot scoring run to reduce the deficit . The Cameroon striker cut inside fullback Alan Hutton and curled a right-foot effort past Cudicini -- who started his career at Inter 's city rivals AC -- to set up a tense finish with 10 minutes to go . But Tottenham sealed victory in the 89th minute when Bale took the ball inside his own half , pushed it past Lucio and sped past the veteran Brazilian World Cup winner with nonchalant ease to set up Crouch 's replacement Pavlyuchenko in a near repeat of the second goal . Milito skimmed the top of the bar in injury-time , but Inter fell to a first defeat in the tournament since the second leg of last season 's semifinal against Barcelona . "  Gareth was outstanding . No disrespects to the right-back Maicon , but he has given him a torrid time . It was amazing to see , " Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp told reporters . "  The whole team was brilliant . We outplayed them . We were the better team from start to finish . It was an outstanding performance -- it was a pleasure to be part of it . " Twente took advantage of Werder Bremen captain Torsten Frings ' second-half sending-of to score two late goals and pick up a first victory of the campaign . The midfielder was red-carded for hauling back Bryan Ruiz with 16 minutes to play , and the Dutch side capitalized five minutes later as Belgian forward Nacer Chadli fired in a shot that deflected off Per Mertesacke . Chadli then set Ruiz free in the 84th minute and the Costa Rica international 's cross was headed home by Luuk de Jong to boost Twente ahead of the trip to Inter on November 24 . Barcelona stayed top of Group D despite being held 1-1 away to Copenhagen , with both goals coming in the space of a minute . Star forward Lionel Messi put the Spanish champions ahead just after half an hour in Denmark with a rare right-footed effort as he pounced on the loose ball to poke the ball in off the post . But Copenhagen hit back immediately as Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes , in for the suspended Jose Pinto , could not deal with Jesper Gronkjaer 's cross and Brazilian midfielder Claudemir volleyed in the equalizer . Pedro hit the post with a scorching late effort for Barcelona , who stayed a point ahead of Copenhagen . Russian champions Rubin Kazan lost ground on the top two teams after being held to a second successive 0-0 draw by bottom club Panathinaikos , this time despite having home advantage . Manchester United cruised to a 3-0 win away to Bursaspor despite fielding several fringe players against the Turkish champions . The 2008 winners are now in pole position to qualify from Group C , needing just a point from the upcoming trip to Rangers to ensure a place in the second round . Scotland midfielder Darren Fletcher opened the scoring three minutes after halftime with a measured right-foot effort , then 21-year-old French forward Gabriel Obertan smashed in his first goal for United as the defense retreated in the 73rd minute . Four minutes later , veteran midfielder Paul Scholes set up Champions League debutant Bebe for the 20-year-old 's second goal for the English club . Valencia moved above Rangers into second place , three points behind United , with a 3-0 home victory over the Scottish champions . Spain striker Roberto Soldado scored in either half , forcing home from a corner in the 31st minute and firing a low shot underneath goalkeeper Alan McGregor with 19 minutes left . Tino Costa sealed victory right at the end with a fine lunging left-foot volley that went in off the post , as Rangers were left to rue two efforts from striker Steven Naismith that came back off the woodwork . Lyon remain top of Group B despite suffering a 4-3 defeat away to Benfica , with the Portuguese club taking a four-goal lead after 67 minutes . Fabio Coentrao scored twice while Alan Kardec and Javi Garcia also netted before the French side rallied with goals in the final 15 minutes from Yoann Gourcuff , Bafetimbi Gomis and Dejan Lovren . The result left previously unbeaten Lyon with nine points , while Benfica picked up their second win to close to within a point of second-placed Schalke . The German club can still reach the second round despite drawing 0-0 away to bottom side Hapoel Tel Aviv , who now can not qualify . However , the result did little to help the position of Schalke coach Felix Magath , who is under increasing pressure after a poor start to the Bundesliga season .	Tottenham move top of Group A with 3-1 win over defending champions Inter Milan Young winger Gareth Bale is again London team 's key player as he sets up two goals Barcelona held 1-1 away to Copenhagen in Group D tie but remain in top spot Manchester United crush Turkish champions Bursaspor 3-0 to head Group C
Rolling Stone  -- Metallica , Stevie Wonder and Neil Young and Crazy Horse will anchor the 2012 edition of Outside Lands , to be held in San Francisco 's Golden Gate Park on August 10-12 . Other acts tapped for the festival include Skrillex , Jack White , Foo Fighters , Beck , Sigur RÃ ³ s , fun. , Justice , Norah Jones , the Kills , Of Monsters and Men , Alabama Shakes and Grandaddy . Given Outside Lands ' affiliation with Bonnaroo , a certain eclecticism in the lineup is to be expected ; other acts slated for the fest this year range from post-rock  Explosions in the Sky  and hip-hop  Big Boi  to jazz  Dirty Dozen Brass Band  and folk  Father John Misty  . Additional performers include Passion Pit , Andrew Bird , Dispatch , Portugal . The Man , Dr. Dog , Die Antwoord and Block Party . Now in its fifth year , Outside Lands pairs music with wine and food , billing itself as "  the world 's only gourmet music festival . " Essentially a wine festival inside a music festival , the event features a dedicated area called Wine Lands that makes use of the neighboring wine-producing regions of Napa and Sonoma by hosting more than 30 regional wineries . There will also be satellite operations from more than 50 of the area 's finest restaurants ; food trucks will appear alongside booths from some of the region 's top chefs . Tickets for Outside Lands go on sale on April 19 . A full lineup and additional details can be found on the festival 's official website . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Skrillex , Jack White , Foo Fighters , Beck will play at the Outside Lands music festival Metallica , Stevie Wonder and Neil Young will also perform at the San Francisco event Outside Lands bills itself as "  the world 's only gourmet music festival "
CNN  -- The Duchess of Cambridge 's style has long been a topic of conversation .  Remember that see-through dress she wore during a 2002 charity fashion show at the University of St. Andrews ?  But British Vogue is taking the world 's fascination with Catherine 's closet a step further . In its February issue , the magazine details everything from the average diameter of Kate 's curls  25 millimeters  to the average number of teeth she exposes while smiling  8.6  . We already know she fancies labels such as Alexander McQueen and Jenny Packham , but now we can say , with certainty , that she dons blue more than any other color , and she wears boat necks to 42 % of the engagements she attends . And while her style choices can influence sales -- a phenomenon dubbed the Kate Effect -- designers such as Roland Mouret say it 's not so cut and dried . "  The kind of people who like Kate 's style are not the kind to rush out and copy her dress , " Mouret told British Vogue . "  You do n't see hundreds of women running around looking like her . To be honest , we 're more likely to get orders on a dress that Kim Kardashian 's worn . "	British Vogue details the Duchess of Cambridge 's style secrets in its February issue The average diameter of Kate 's curls is 25 millimeters , magazine says The average number of teeth she exposes while smiling is 8.6 , according to British Vogue
I ca n't help but feel humbled and grateful when I hear the stories of women who marched for women 's rights in the 1970s and the suffragists who fought for the right to vote . What they accomplished deserves more than a nod and lip service . We must honor them by making our generation 's mark on the concerns facing women today . Unfortunately , that still includes goals we 've fought too long for , like reproductive rights . Today is International Women 's Day and March is Women 's History Month . As we celebrate all that women have accomplished in the struggle for gender equality , we are also redefining what counts as a "  women 's issue . " Gender-related violence Worldwide , about one in three women is victim of gender-related violence . From military sexual assault , to domestic violence , to rape on college campuses , we must do more to prevent violence against women . Many people think of sex trafficking as a "  women 's issue , " but labor trafficking also has impact on women . Some of the industries in which labor trafficking is common , including domestic work , are dominated by women . And in industries like agricultural work , women are singled out for sexual abuse or exploitation . I 've represented victims of human trafficking in Los Angeles , which is a major trafficking destination because of its port , international airport , and proximity to Asia and Mexico . Financially desperate adults are lured to Los Angeles by traffickers , only to be forced to work as laborers in Southern California 's agricultural sector . Runaway youth come to Los Angeles to find stardom or a warm place to sleep on the street , but many will be exploited through pornography , a thriving industry in the San Fernando Valley . We have a responsibility to improve our current labor trafficking laws . Education Republican Sen. Rand Paul said recently , look at how well women are doing at colleges across the country . What he failed to consider is that women are graduating not only with a degree , but with staggering level of student debt . Instead of telling women that they 're doing just fine , we need legislators who are going to fight for students so they can attain the degrees they want and enter chosen professions without an insurmountable amount of debt . Senator Paul also forgot to mention that some of the best-paying jobs , jobs in science , technology , engineering and math fields  STEM  , are still overwhelming dominated by men . Only 3 % of tech startups are formed by women . We have a thriving tech industry , but men hold far more computer and mathematical occupations than women . Why are n't more women getting tech jobs ? We need programs that promote STEM education for those who have historically been left out of these high-paying jobs . Economic equality We often talk about the impact of pay discrimination on women 's pocketbooks because it costs women on average more than $ 10,000 annually and jeopardizes their retirement security . But we forget that many poverty issues also impact women . Raising the minimum wage is actually a "  women 's issue " because 64 % of minimum wage workers are women . Women are increasingly becoming the sole or primary earners in their household , so economic issues that hold women back have huge impact on our entire economy . Let 's help women financially support their families as we create more good-paying jobs in our communities . Many women not only face pay discrimination in the workplace , but struggle at home as well , trying to provide care for their family on top of their job . Women are still mostly the caretakers for their families , so they are disproportionately affected by the lack of guaranteed sick days and the lack of paid family leave . It is hard to overstate how far behind America is compared to our global competitors when it comes to these basic policies that protect families . When we talk about women 's issues , we must look comprehensively at the challenges all women face to ensure our policies reflect the support women truly need , because these concerns impact not only women , but their families and communities . Our generation is ready to do that .	Sandra Fluke : I feel humbled and grateful for women who fought for our rights Fluke : On this Women 's Day , our generation is redefining what matters most to us She says top three issues are gender-related violence , education , economic equality Fluke : Helping women help men , children , families and communities
Teresopolis , Brazil  CNN  -- It was like a tsunami from the sky in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state as floodwater gushed through hill towns and giant boulders catapulted from hillsides , instantly crushing cars and houses . At least 540 people have been killed and another 10,000 people living in what used to be picturesque mountain towns popular with tourists have been affected by the torrential rains that began at the start of the year , civil defense authorities told the official Agencia Brasil news agency . Rescuers have not been able to reach some hard-hit areas and many more people are feared dead , the agency said . Conditions were so treacherous that rescue teams called it quits Thursday night and resumed their search and recovery work Friday morning . The rain is predicted to continue for several days in areas already submerged in water or slathered with mud . Thousands of families are still living on mountain slopes or on riverbanks and face extreme risk of being washed away . One resident described the disaster as a tsunami that fell from the sky . Chaos reigned in the especially hard-hit city of Teresopolis , where some residents donned masks and helped clean streets or deliver first aid . Others combed the city , searching desperately for missing loved ones . Schools and police stations turned into overflowing morgues , where people waited to identify their family and friends . Municipal worker Reginald de Oliveira came to see if he could find the body of his uncle , missing in the floods . He was trying to save his family when a wall of water washed him away . Red Cross volunteer Maria Helena de Jesus was helping with first aid . "  You have to almost have a heart of stone , " she said . "  It was very difficult . " Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area . At least 229 people died in Teresopolis , while 246 were killed in the town of Nova Friburgo , Agencia Brasil reported . President Dilma Rousseff flew over flood-affected areas Thursday and landed in a slushy , trash-littered soccer field in Friburgo , the agency said . The floods are her first test as president . She trudged through mud in her rain boots to talk to residents in a neighborhood where four of seven firefighters attempting to rescue people had been buried under mud . Three others were pulled out alive . "  We are going to take firm action , " to help the devastated areas , said Rousseff , who assumed office at the first of the year . Brazilian authorities have been criticized for a lack of disaster planning and allowing people to build homes in areas known to become treacherous in the rainy season . They are under increasing pressure to show a strong response . Brazil is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the 2016 Olympics . The roofs of houses and treetops peeked out from the water . People used inflatable rafts or inner tubes to navigate submerged roads . One family sat perched on the roof of their house , their predicament broadcast on television . Another person grasped onto a rope , defying , at least momentarily , the force of an ocean of murky brown water . With more rain forecast , Brazilian authorities have ordered evacuations for at least 5,000 families living in especially perilous areas in Rio de Janeiro state , Agencia Brasil said . Another 3,000 families from a mountainous region were homeless and sheltered in schools and gymnasiums , the news agency said . "  The most important thing right now is to assist the homeless population and reach the most critical points , " said Rodrigo Neves , the state secretary of Social Welfare and Human Rights . State health officials pleaded for people to donate blood that will be sent to the Serrana region , where only 36 units of blood remained for treatment of flood victims . Rain has affected neighboring Sao Paulo as well , killing 24 people there , authorities said . Journalists Fabiana Frayssinet and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to more than 500 Officials fear more may be dead in the flooding in Rio de Janeiro state Bad conditions curtailed rescue missions overnight , but they resumed Friday Chaos reigns in the hard-hit city of Teresopolis , where morgues are full
CNN  -- Nude photos and other potentially objectionable materials have been showing up in the iPhone application store in recent weeks , raising questions about Apple 's ability to control iPhone content . An iPhone app called BeautyMeter was pulled from the app store after a nude photo surfaced . In the most recent example , a nude photo of a young woman , reported to be 15 years old , showed up on an iPhone application called "  BeautyMeter , " according to Wired.com and Krapps.com , an app review site . CNN could not independently confirm the young woman 's age . The photo , which apparently was submitted by one of the photo-sharing app 's users , prompted Apple to remove the entire mobile application from its online store . Funnymals , maker of the BeautyMeter app , which lets users upload and posts photos of people and then rank them based on "  hotness , " says in a statement on its Web site that it agrees with Apple 's decision to yank the phone application from its online store . Funnymals also says its policies prohibit people from posting nude photos to the application . Neither Funnymals nor Apple responded to requests for comment . About a week earlier , another mobile phone application , "  Hottest Girl , " showcased a photo of a topless woman and also was pulled from the iPhone app store . "  Apple will not distribute applications that contain inappropriate content , such as pornography , " an Apple company spokesman said at the time . The explicit material is putting attention on Apple 's attempts to filter out potentially objectionable apps before they 're posted on its app store . The iPhone app store , with more than 50,000 applications , is the most popular entertainment and information venue of its kind for mobile phones . Observers say the successful app store buoys the iPhone 's popularity and adds to Apple 's sterling image as a hip and family-friendly company . The explicit content has the potential to tarnish that image . But Apple , like any company or Web site that hosts user-submitted content , may be engaged an impossible task by trying to keep all offensive material from the app store . Some iPhone apps are developed by Apple , but many are submitted for approval by third-party developers . Phil Malone , a clinical professor of law at Harvard Law School , said it 's unlikely Apple or app developers could be held liable for potentially illegal content that might show up in phone apps , as long as they did n't know about the questionable content in advance . It would be impossible for Apple or developers to keep all potentially objectionable material out of the app store , since much of the content is submitted by users , he said . As the quantity of new apps and updates for apps increases , it becomes all the more difficult for the company to keep up , said Dan Moren , associate editor of Macworld , a blog about all things Apple . Joshua Topolsky , editor in chief of Engadget , a technology blog , said the impossibility of policing all app store content should free Apple from some blame . "  It 's completely out of Apple 's control that someone uploaded a nude photo , and to some extent , it 's out of the -LSB- app -RSB- developer 's hands as well , " he said . More pressing , Topolsky said , are Apple 's nebulous policies about which apps get the company 's stamp of approval . Apple does not tell developers or the public exactly how the decision process works , he said . Apple did not respond to CNN 's request for comment on this story . The mysterious approval process frustrates app developers and could lead some to turn away from Apple and move on to other phones , said Jared Brown , an app developer . In some cases , applications have been banned from the iPhone app store for showcasing material that also would be easily accessible through iTunes or by using Apple 's mobile Web browser . A Nine Inch Nails application , for example , reportedly was pulled by Apple because it streamed a song with offensive lyrics . Band leader Trent Reznor lashed out against Apple on his Web site , calling the company hypocritical and pointing out that the song in question also was available on iTunes . In a similar incident , a Twitter app called "  Tweetie " was pulled because it gave access to offensive words on Twitter.com . It was later put back on the app store . And an iPhone app that allowed users to shake a digital crying baby to death was yanked from the app store in April . Apple issued an apology , calling the app "  deeply offensive " and a "  mistake . " Unlike Apple , which acts as a gatekeeper , Google lets developers post games and other programs to its Android app store without going through a screening process . Brown said he favors this idea , which lets the Android store 's community flag objectionable content . Apple has said it approves 96 percent of submitted iPhone apps . In a recent update to the iPhone software , Apple included controls that let users choose which types of content they would like to block from their phones . iPhone apps now come with age-appropriateness labels , submitted by developers . Moren said this new parental-control system offers "  fine-grained controls " and helps iPhone owners decide what content they want to buy . The company is doing anything it can to try to keep pornography and offensive material off the site for public relations reasons , he said . "  They 'd much rather hang onto their image as a family-friendly company " than let offensive material in , he said . "  I think they 've really cultivated that . "	Reports say iPhone app posted nude photo of 15-year-old girl Apple approves mobile phone applications before posting them Some say it is impossible for Apple to filter out all objectionable material Legal expert : Apple and developers unlikely to be held liable for user-posted content
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- United Nations-backed nuclear inspectors on Sunday visited a newly disclosed Iranian nuclear facility near the city of Qom , Iranian media has reported . "  IAEA inspectors today visited the ... nuclear installation , " the semi-official Mehr news agency said , referring to International Atomic Energy Agency staff . "  The IAEA inspectors arrived Saturday night and are scheduled to inspect the ... site several times . The inspectors will leave Tehran Tuesday . " Tehran sent shock waves through the international community in September by revealing the existence of the previously secret nuclear enrichment facility near Qom . The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the much-anticipated inspection . The agency declined to give more details on Sunday . "  It is our policy not to comment on the itinerary of our inspectors , " a spokesman for the U.N. nuclear watchdog told CNN . The inspectors will visit the installation to make sure it is being used for peaceful purposes , said Ali Akbar Salehi , the head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency . The inspection comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities . That proposal calls for low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment and then returned for use in medical research and treatment . Tehran is studying the draft proposal and will have an answer next week , Iranian diplomat Ali Asghar Soltanieh said on state-run Press TV . Iran informed IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei that it is "  considering the proposal in depth and in a favorable light , but it needs until the middle of next week to provide a response , " according to an IAEA statement . Delegations from Iran , France , Russia , the United States and the IAEA met in Vienna this week to work out details of the tentative deal reached in early October . France , Russia and the United States have indicated their approval of the arrangement . "  The Director General hopes that Iran 's response will equally be positive , since approval of this agreement will signal a new era of cooperation , " the IAEA statement said . After the current inspection , but before the end of the month , Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States -- plus Germany to further discuss Tehran 's nuclear program . Iran 's leaders maintain that their nation 's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes , but many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities . Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the inspection Iran said Friday it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a nuclear deal Iran says its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes Many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The parent company of a security contractor said Thursday it is "  fully cooperating " in the investigation of allegations that the contractor allowed mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan . A spokeswoman for a watchdog group says hazing at a camp for security guards went "  well beyond partying . " The allegations came to light earlier this week when the watchdog group Project On Government Oversight sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said were based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . The company , ArmorGroup , North America , has a security contract with the State Department to provide services through July 2010 . Wackenhut Services Inc. , the corporate parent of ArmorGroup , e-mailed a statement on Thursday in response to questions about ArmorGroup 's private guards in Kabul . "  Our contract with the Department of State requires us to refer all questions to the Department of State , director of public affairs . We are fully cooperating with the DOS in the investigation of the recent incidents referred to in the letter from " Project On Government Oversight , said the statement , sent by Wackenhut Services spokeswoman Susan Pitcher . On Wednesday , the U.S. Embassy said it was taking the allegations very seriously . "  Nothing is more important to us than the safety and security of all Embassy personnel -- Americans and Afghan -- and respect for the cultural and religious values of all Afghans , " the embassy said . "  We have taken immediate steps to review all local guard force policies and procedures and have taken all possible measures to ensure our security is sound . " The watchdog group said it began receiving whistleblower-style e-mails two weeks ago , some with graphic images and videos , that are said to document problems taking place at a nonmilitary camp for the guards near the U.S. diplomatic compound in Kabul . "  This is well beyond partying , " Danielle Brian , executive director of Project On Government Oversight , told reporters earlier this week after showing a video of a man with a bare backside and another man apparently drinking a liquid that had been poured down the man 's lower back . She said that ranking supervisors were "  facilitating this kind of deviant hazing and humiliation , and requiring people to do things that made them feel really disgusted . " In the letter Project On Government Oversight sent to Clinton , Brian wrote that the problems are "  posing a significant threat to the security of the embassy and its personnel . " Among the recommendations from the group : immediate military supervision of the private security guards , a review of whether the contract should be revoked and consideration as to whether government forces should replace private security in a combat zone . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	ArmorGroup 's private guards accused of mistreatment , sexual activity , intimidation ArmorGroup contracts to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan Watchdog group reports problems at nonmilitary camp for the embassy guards Wackenhut says it is "  fully cooperating " with embassy investigation
CNN  You just ca n't stop Novak Djokovic at the Australian Open . When the world No. 1 beat sixth-seed Andy Murray 7-6  5  6-7  4  6-3 6-0 in a contentious slugfest in Melbourne , he become only the second man to claim five Australian Open titles . And with Djokovic 27 , odds are that he 'll match Roy Emerson 's record haul of six . Emerson was in attendance Sunday along with other Australian tennis legends , including Rod Laver . "  I love my time being here , " Djokovic told reporters . "  Being mentioned in the elite group of legends in our sport is a huge privilege and honor . I ca n't say how proud I am . "  That 's going to serve definitely only as a great deal of inspiration for the rest of my career . " This was the third time Djokovic downed the Scot in a final at Melbourne Park and how Murray will be ruing blowing a lead in the third set . Mind you , Djokovic let slip a 4-2 advantage in the second set and thus might have won in three if not for a lapse . Djokovic looked spent physically early in the second and in the opening stages of the third , by which time the two had been on court for almost three hours . He wobbled on his feet , struggled to get serves in play and went to ground after a rally . Not that Murray wanted to buy into any of it . He felt the Serb was bluffing and could be heard uttering on court about his friend : "  Do n't worry about him , he does it all the time . " Murray , though , did let it get to him . "  He obviously looked like he was in quite a bad way at the beginning of the third set and came back unbelievable at the end of that set , " Murray told reporters afterward . "  Then obviously the way he was hitting the ball in the fourth and moving was impressive . "  If it was cramp , how he recovered from it , that 's a tough thing to recover from and play as well as he did at the end . "  So , yeah , I 'm frustrated at myself for letting that bother me at the beginning of the third set , because I was playing well , I had good momentum , and then just dropped off for like 10 minutes and it got away from me . " Djokovic overturned a 2-0 hole in the third and saved a break point at 3-3 when he struck a drop volley that forced Murray into an error . Djokovic immediately urged the crowd to back him and they did . Energized , he did n't lose another game to collect his eighth major overall to join among others Murray 's former coach , Ivan Lendl . A cool handshake at the net after roughly four hours of play followed . Murray , too , did n't laugh during the trophy presentation when new dad Djokovic wished him and fiancee Kim Sears "  many kids " in the future . Djokovic denied he was feigning injury or trying to throw Murray off his game . "  The length of the rallies and the physicality that we had in the first two sets have taken an energy from me , " Djokovic said . "  It 's normal to expect that you ca n't always be , you know , at your 100 % . "  So you go through some particular moments that you can call crises during matches like these . This is what I had in these 15 , 20 minutes . After that I felt better . " If Murray was n't best pleased with Djokovic 's antics , he should also spare some criticism for his own second serve . Against the elite Murray 's second serve can be the source of trouble and on Sunday Djokovic captured 66 % of those points . Djokovic began the final flawlessly , hitting 10 winners and one unforced error to build a commanding 4-1 lead . Broken at 4-2 , Djokovic regained the break but injured his thumb when he slipped near the net . Temporarily frazzled , Djokovic could n't serve out the set and called for the trainer . A Murray double fault at 4-2 in the tiebreak -- a double fault by Murray in a tiebreak in the 2013 final was costly -- and later a missed volley gifted Djokovic the first . Djokovic won 13 straight points at one stage in the second set to reverse a break deficit but said a brief stoppage after two protestors ran on court in the middle of the second halted his progression . A strong start from Murray in the tiebreak was enough to see him level the affair . By this time he was clearly in the ascendancy and needed to put Djokovic -- who had lost five of his previous seven grand slam finals -- away . The knockout blow never came and Djokovic ultimately improved to 8-1 in his last nine matches against Murray . He ended the match as he began it , making a paltry three unforced errors in the fourth . "  I started hitting the ball more , covering the court better , shortening the points , " said Djokovic . Yet Murray did something this fortnight he was n't able to achieve last year as he recovered from back surgery -- land in a grand slam final . "  We put in a lot of hard work to try to get back in this position after what was a difficult year last year , " he told the crowd , referring to his entourage . "  Unfortunately I could n't do it tonight but I 'm a little bit closer than I was a few months ago and I 'll keep working hard to get there . " Like Saturday 's women 's winner , Serena Williams , Djokovic has never been beaten past the quarterfinals at Melbourne Park . A pair of veterans won Sunday 's mixed doubles title . Leander Paes and Martina Hingis , who flourished for the Washington Kastles in World Team Tennis , beat Daniel Nestor and Kristina Mladenovic 6-4 6-3 . Paes is 41 and Hingis is 34 .	Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray in the Australian Open final The world No. 1 wins in four sets after a punishing first two sets Djokovic becomes the second man to claim five Oz titles Murray loses his fourth Australian Open final
Dawu , Taiwan  CNN  -- Typhoon Nanmadol pounded Taiwan with heavy rains Monday before it was downgraded to a tropical storm and headed toward China . The storm made landfall in the southern portion of Taiwan about 3 a.m. Monday , dousing some areas with up to 300 mm  11 inches  of rain , officials said . There were no immediate reports of casualties , although officials closed several highways in the landslide-prone region . Nanmadol reached Taiwan after pummeling the Philippines over the weekend . By Monday , the death toll in the Philippines had climbed to 12 . Among them were two children who died when Nanmadol , known locally as Mina , triggered a landslide in northern Philippines on Saturday , authorities said . The landslide buried the victims in Pangasinan province , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Ten others were killed in different incidents , 21 people were injured , and nine remain missing , the council said in a statement Monday . Journalist James Reynolds contributed to this report .	The storm douses some areas with up to 11 inches of rain There are no immediate reports of casualties In the Philippines , it claims at least 12 lives
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's assertion of executive privilege ahead of a hearing before a House committee , which subsequently recommended his attorney general be cited for contempt of Congress , sets up a fight that has had mixed results in the past . At stake are Justice Department documents relating to the flawed Fast and Furious gunrunning sting that House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , wants in his hands , and that Attorney General Eric Holder says are confidential . The White House move means the Department of Justice can withhold the documents from the committee , which recommended by a 23-17 vote Wednesday that Holder be cited for contempt . The full House is expected to consider the motion next week . More details : House panel recommends contempt citation If it votes to issue a contempt citation , a statement of facts would be delivered to the U.S. Attorney in the District of Columbia , "  whose duty it shall be to bring the matter before the grand jury for its action , " according to the law governing contempt citations . Executive privilege also has been around since the earliest days of the country , and gives the executive branch the ability to withhold certain internal discussions and documents from scrutiny . "  It 's there to give the executive branch some breathing room for its own deliberations , " said Josh Chafetz , professor of law at Cornell Law School . Executive privilege "  has a long history , but it often plays out very differently , " he said . The last major confrontation over executive privilege also involved the Justice Department , but the partisan roles were reversed . Q&A : What 's going on and what comes next In 2007 , President George W. Bush insisted that White House Counsel Harriet Miers and White House Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten would n't testify under oath or provide subpoenaed information about the firings of nine U.S. attorneys , a controversy that had led to the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales the year before . House Democrats , who were in the majority at the time , believed the firings were politically motivated and wanted to force the pair to testify about them . The House voted 223-32 to cite Miers and Bolten for contempt  most GOP members walked out in protest  , but when Congress sued the pair , the case never made it to court . It was settled between the two sides with mixed results : The House got some of the testimony it wanted , but not until 2009 , when Obama was in office . The real aim of Congress had been to get oversight of the Bush administration , but he had already left the White House when the information was made available , Chafetz said . Historically , presidents ' claims of executive privilege rarely have been accepted by Congress . When power brokers from those two branches clash , it is often left to political expediency or the courts to sort out the competing interests . Edward Lazarus , author of a book on the Supreme Court , "  Closed Chambers , " said that when such a "  showdown among two co-equal branches of government " occurs , "  the judiciary often becomes the referee . " iReport : Tell us what you think The claim arises from the constitutional idea of separation of powers . The concept is not a settled legal precept , since it has been open to varying interpretations , and it remains a controversial , litigated part of government business . "  The main factor that courts usually use is internal deliberations , " said CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  The courts want to respect the president 's internal deliberations so he can get freely given advice from his aides . They do n't want to invade that privilege . However , that 's not an absolute privilege for everything that goes on in the White House . " Constitutional groundwork The U.S. Constitution does not expressly mention this idea of executive privilege . President George Washington set the precedent in 1796 when he refused a House request for documents relating to how the Jay Treaty with Great Britain was negotiated . The Supreme Court first decided the issue in 1807 , during Aaron Burr 's separate trial for treason . Chief Justice John Marshall ordered President Thomas Jefferson to produce a letter that might have exonerated the former vice president . The court concluded the Sixth Amendment right of compulsory process did not exempt the executive branch . The letter was turned over , but its contents never were publicly revealed , at Jefferson 's insistence . As may ultimately prove to be the case in the Fast and Furious controversy , the Burr issue was privately negotiated , without a subpoena being issued . The high court has not spoken with one voice on executive privilege . In 1927 , it ruled that the executive branch was not protected from "  legitimate " outside investigations . In 1948 , presidential prerogatives were preserved in relation to private lawsuits where national security or military matters are involved . Executive privilege claims have risen sharply since the 1950s , but most presidents since Dwight D. Eisenhower have assured Congress that such claims would only be asserted with their personal approval , as Holder indicated Obama did in this case . Of Watergate and task forces The biggest recent executive privilege case was U.S. v. Nixon in 1974 , during the Watergate crisis . That involved a criminal grand jury subpoena for the president to turn over secretly recorded Oval Office audiotapes . The justices unanimously ruled against his legal claims , saying there was great national interest that the tapes be produced . Nevertheless , for the first time the Supreme Court recognized the constitutional basis for executive privilege . "  Nowhere in the Constitution ... is there any explicit reference to a privilege of confidentiality , " that ruling said , "  yet to the extent this interest relates to the effective discharge of a president 's powers , it is constitutionally based . " The court then recognized that "  those who expect public dissemination of their remarks may well temper candor with a concern for appearances and for their interest , to the detriment of the decision-making process . " In other words , the Supreme Court laid out a balancing test of sorts : a basic need for executive confidentiality and candor , weighed against the public interests of congressional oversight , a criminal inquiry or prosecution . President Bill Clinton 's first term produced an interesting legal dilemma that later popped in subsequent administrations . Then-first lady Hillary Clinton chaired a health care task force that was sued for closing to the public several meetings with government and private officials . The issue was whether she as the first lady was a government employee and therefore could claim executive privilege . A federal appeals court concluded she could . The issue emerged again in 2001 , when Vice President Dick Cheney was sued for his role chairing an energy task force . Only this time the issue was whether executive privilege applied to conversations by White House officials with those outside the government . Cheney was taken to court by private groups and the Government Accounting Office seeking information on what energy company officials and lobbyists might have advised the group , whose conclusions later formed the basis of the administration 's energy policy . A lawsuit claimed those contacts improperly benefited private energy businesses . The private lawsuit reached the Supreme Court after two years of legal wrangling , and the White House won a temporary victory . Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote , "  Special considerations applicable to the president and the vice president suggest that the courts should be sensitive to requests by the government " in such appeals . The government claimed in its legal brief that it is "  clear that the president 's authority to receive opinions from executive officers is not subject to interference from or control by other branches " of government . The case was sent back to the lower courts and , after about five years , was settled without the government turning over the requested documents . The foreseeable future and beyond Time may be on the side of the White House , if it is determined to see this issue played out in the courts . The case could take many months , or even years , to be resolved . The use of contempt measures or executive privileges can blur the line between law and politics . Congress benefits from having the Fast and Furious controversy viewed as an issue of tremendous national importance , and from affirming the power of the legislature to serve as a check on the executive . It has not been shy invoking the threat of subpoenas . Administration supporters have countered that the request for documents by the Republican-led oversight committee amounts to election-year politics , with the goal of embarrassing Obama . The president has two centuries of precedent to rely upon , and no clear sign the courts want to resolve the issue with some bedrock finality . "  The executive branch is taking the long-term view of this , " said legal analyst Lazarus . "  You need to develop golden rules in this situation that will apply regardless of who is in power , to come up with a fair way to hold the president accountable without unduly chilling speech with the executive branch . " Holder contempt vote could come next week	Executive privilege is often invoked by the president but rarely accepted by Congress Differing circumstances have led to a mishmash of Supreme Court rulings over time Early cases involved the Jay Treaty of 1796 and Aaron Burr 's trial for treason in 1807 Most recent case involved the firings of U.S. attorneys by George W. Bush in 2007
CNN  -- A federal judge has denied a request to move the trial of Brian David Mitchell , who is accused of kidnapping Elizabeth Smart in 2002 , but may revisit the issue depending on the results of potential juror questionnaires . Mitchell 's defense attorneys had argued that he should receive a trial outside the state of Utah because publicity in the case has prejudiced the pool of potential jurors against him and jeopardized his right to a fair trial . They cited Mitchell 's constitutional rights as well as a federal rule of criminal procedure . But U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball ruled Monday that "  this is not one of the extreme cases where a change of venue based on presumed prejudice is constitutionally required . " And while he "  is not satisfied that so great a prejudice exists in this district that defendant can not receive a fair and impartial trial , " the judge said concerns over seating an impartial jury could be valid . "  Due to the high-profile nature of this case ... the court undoubtedly has concerns regarding the appropriateness of holding  the  defendant 's trial in this district , " Kimball wrote . "  But the court believes that its concerns may be effectively addressed and answered through the use of the juror questionnaire that the court and parties plan to employ prior to the actual voir dire  jury selection  . " Kimball said he would reserve the ruling on that issue until after the questionnaire responses have been reviewed . Mitchell , 56 , is scheduled to stand trial November 1 on charges of kidnapping then-14-year-old Smart in June 2002 and transporting her across state lines for improper purposes . He is accused of snatching Smart at knifepoint from her bedroom in her family 's Salt Lake City , Utah , home . She was found nine months later , walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who called himself "  Emmanuel , " had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in November to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor , and in May was sentenced to 15 years in federal prison . As part of a plea deal with prosecutors , she has agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . She also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap Smart 's cousin a month after Smart 's disappearance . Barzee was given a sentence of one to 15 years to be served concurrently with her federal sentence , and given credit for the seven years she has already spent in custody . Smart , now 22 , testified in October as part of Mitchell 's competency hearing that after kidnapping her , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her before sexually assaulting her . She testified she was repeatedly assaulted during her months in captivity . While the case garnered international attention , Kimball noted in his ruling that more than eight years have passed since the kidnapping and seven years since Mitchell 's arrest . While there was extensive media coverage at the time , the judge said the coverage has fallen off in recent years to stories about the criminal cases against Barzee and Mitchell , and that the coverage has been even-handed . "  The media has undoubtedly been interested in covering the proceedings in this case , but the court has not sensed any kind of ` carnival atmosphere , ' " Kimball wrote . And he pointed out that the jury pool will not come only from Salt Lake City or Salt Lake County , but the entire state of Utah , which has a population of 2.8 million people . "  This is not a case where there is a heightened risk of prejudice in a small community , " Kimball said . He dismissed defense concerns about the large number of volunteers who searched for Smart after her disappearance , saying such volunteers could be easily weeded out and a potential juror would not necessarily be influenced even if they knew someone who had participated . "  Even though defendant 's main defense at trial will be an insanity defense , defendant has not demonstrated any media prejudice in this regard , " the judge wrote . "  In fact , reports referring to defendant 's homeless lifestyle , his grandiose religious beliefs and his disruptive singing in court are likely more favorable than unfavorable to his insanity defense . " Defense attorneys presented an expert survey that showed 92 percent of Utah residents believed Mitchell to be probably or definitely guilty and that 77 percent said they had read , seen , or heard that Mitchell had been found competent to stand trial . But Kimball questioned those results , saying the queries to respondents were in some cases leading and failed to include "  meaningful details . "	Brian David Mitchell 's attorneys say the trial should be moved Mitchell is set to stand trial November 1 A judge ruled earlier this year that Mitchell is competent to stand trial His wife is cooperating with authorities
It 's been a year since a plane crash ended the lives of Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera and six others , and new details have emerged about what might have caused the plane to plunge 28,000 feet into a mountainous area of northern Mexico . Last week , Mexico 's aviation investigation agency released its findings on the December 9 , 2012 , crash , saying that the 78-year-old pilot was too old for the license he was given by Mexican authorities , and the 43-year-old Learjet was flying unevenly and shaking when it reached cruising speed . In addition , the report from Mexico 's General Directorate of Civil Aeronautics noted that the owner of the plane neglected to report problems with the plane 's operation before last year 's ill-fated flight from Monterrey to Mexico City . The agency said the report reflects the conclusion of its investigation into the crash that killed Rivera , two pilots , and the singer 's lawyer , publicist , hairdresser and makeup artist . The families of the four passengers have filed a wrongful death suit against Starwood Management , the company that owned the plane , and Jenni Rivera 's entertainment company . Plane owner linked to troubled businessman Known to fans as "  La Diva de la Banda " or The Diva of Banda Music , Rivera was well-established as a musical powerhouse with her Spanish-language performances of regional Mexican corridos , or ballads . For fans , the nickname captured her powerful voice and the personal strength many admired . Her legacy will be honored on the one year anniversary of her death . The U.S. Spanish-language network Telemundo is dedicating several days of special programming , including tributes in the Mexican state of Nuevo León by family and fans and near the plane crash site about 70 miles south of Monterrey , Mexico . Rivera 's newest album will be released on Tuesday , according to Universal Music Group . It will include music from her last concert at the Monterrey Arena the day before she boarded the doomed charter jet . Rivera , who was 43 when she died , became the most successful female banda singer in grupero , a male-dominated genre in the regional Mexican music industry . She sold more than 15 million records , according to Billboard magazine . Banda and norteña music lyrics have always focused on women , drinking and drug trafficking . But Rivera was the genre 's first female voice to express the issues that man women face : domestic violence , being a poor and single mother and how difficult it was to be a Hispanic woman in the United States . Fans remember her as a powerful woman who was able to bring people together . "  She was n't the typical face that you see on Spanish language television , " said Leila Cobo , executive director of Latin content and programming for Billboard , and the author of a biography on Rivera . Where the lawsuits stand A month after the plane crash , the families of publicist Arturo Rivera , makeup artist Jacob Yebale , attorney Mario Macias Pacheco , and hairdresser Jorge Armando Sanchez Vasquez filed a wrongful death lawsuit against U.S.-based Starwood Management and Jenni Rivera Enterprises Inc. seeking punitive damages for negligence . The lawsuit is scheduled to be tried in California , a Los Angeles County judge ruled last month , despite an attempt by the plane operators to move the case to Mexico . Starwood is still deciding whether or not to appeal that ruling , according to Starwood 's attorney Mark Velasquez . Attorney Paul R. Kiesel , who represents the four families involved in the lawsuit , said he expects it will be "  a couple of years " before a trial date will be set for the lawsuit . "  As for the case , we 're continuing with the underlying investigation as to why the plane fell out of the sky . Was it pilot error ? Mechanical failure ? We 're now taking depositions from individuals who chartered the plane to find out more , " Kiesel said . Rivera crash puts spotlight on charter jet safety The 1969 Learjet that Rivera and the six others boarded last year was involved in another crash in 2005 in Amarillo , Texas , when the pilot lost ability to steer during landing . The plane sustained substantial damage in that crash , according to the National Transportation Safety Board records . In addition , court records revealed that Starwood Management had two planes authorities seized in 2012 in Arizona and Texas , triggering an investigation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration days after the 2012 plane crash . At the time , the DEA declined to elaborate on its investigation . CNN reached out to the DEA this week for further comment but did not hear back from them in time before the story was published . When asked how the victims ' families were coping as the anniversary of the plane crash approaches , Kiesel said his clients are staying out of the spotlight citing a significant amount of media intrusion over the past year . Death at the peak of her career Rivera 's death came at the height of her musical and acting career . With a weekly radio show , a makeup and clothing line , and a starring role in reality TV show "  I Love Jenni , " Rivera had a starring role alongside Edward James Olmos and Lou Diamond Phillips in "  Filly Brown , " a film that released this spring . Olmos told CNN that working with Rivera was "  the most inspirational part of the filming process . " Rivera 's popularity among her fans is partly because her life story is a testament that even those who come from humble beginnings can achieve success . She was born in Long Beach , California , shortly after her mother illegally crossed the Mexican border . Growing up , she once sold cans for scrap metal and hawked music records at her family 's stand at a Los Angeles flea market , she told CNN en Español in 2010 . When she was just 15 and a high school student , she became a mother herself , giving birth to her first child , daughter Janney "  Chiquis " Marin Rivera in 1985 . She detailed her personal struggles -- including her mother 's miscarriage , a suicide attempt at 19 , rape and domestic abuse by her first husband -- in her memoir "  Unbreakable : My Story , My Way , " published in July . "  People do n't realize how difficult her rise to fame was . Her struggle as an artist gets lost a lot . She worked very hard to get where she was , " said Billboard 's Leila Cobo . "  The first time she got into the charts was around 1995 but she had six albums before she ever charted . " Responding to the intense public interest in the entertainer after her death , Cobo -- one of the country 's leading experts in Latin music who regularly interviewed Rivera -- wrote a biography on Rivera , "  Jenni Rivera : The Incredible Journey of a Warrior Butterfly , " which was released in Spanish and English earlier this year . In her book , Cobo focused on Rivera 's musical career through the eyes of a journalist , saying that Rivera 's family never responded to her interview requests . CNN also reached out to the family , but they declined to comment . Many suspect the reluctance to speak to the media lies with the tension in the Rivera family since the matriarch of the family died . Rivera 's five children are no strangers to the media spotlight -- daughters Janney "  Chiquis " Marin , Jacquie Marin , and Jenicka Lopez , and sons Johnny Lopez and Michael Marin starred in the reality show "  I Love Jenni , " which aired on the cable network Mun2 for three seasons , wrapping up earlier this year . On Monday , the one year anniversary of Rivera 's death , Mun2 -- NBC 's companion cable channel geared toward young Latinos -- will reair episodes of "  I Love Jenni , " which was shot before Rivera 's death and focuses on the hectic life of her family . With a reputation as a no-nonsense business woman who personified the American dream , Rivera is still making an impact on the Latino community . "  A lot of people were able to relate to her , " Cobo said , "  For the most part , her personal life was very public , an open book . " Opinion : America missed out on getting to know Jenni Rivera	Singer Jenni Rivera , 6 others , died in a plane crash on December 9 , 2012 Rivera , 43 , was at the height of her career The families of four passengers are suing the plane owner and Rivera 's company Several tributes to the late singer are planned for the anniversary of her death
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein 's eldest daughter , who is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges , the U.S. military announced Monday . Raghad Hussein is currently living in Jordan under the protection of the royal family . The raid happened Sunday in Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit . It was carried out by Iraqi forces , advised by U.S. Special Forces , the military said . The network , believed to be funded by Raghad Hussein , has been "  linked to a series of attacks on coalition forces " using rocket-propelled grenades and roadside bombs , the military said . "  These attacks have claimed the lives of numerous Soldiers and Airmen , " a military statement said . Other leaders of the network have been detained in previous raids , the military said . The international police organization Interpol last year issued an alert to authorities across the world that Raghad Hussein is wanted by Iraqi authorities . The Iraqi government has issued an arrest warrant for the 38-year-old daughter of the late Iraqi leader on charges of inciting terrorism and crimes against life and health . Interpol -- based in Lyon , France -- issued a Red Notice in the case . That is a request to police anywhere to help track her down and extradite her to Iraq . She has been living in Jordan under the protection of the royal family . E-mail to a friend	Iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network Cell is believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein 's eldest daughter , Raghad Raghad , wanted in Iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in Jordan
CNN  -- The U.S. military said it is investigating claims from Syria that U.S. helicopters based in Iraq killed eight people and wounded another Sunday in an attack inside Syria 's territory Sunday . A U.S. army Apache helicopter flies over southern Baghdad , Iraq . Syria 's state news agency SANA said four U.S. helicopters crossed the border and struck a farm about 8 kilometers  5 miles  inside Syria before returning to Iraqi airspace . The raid occurred about 4:45 p.m.  1345 GMT  . The helicopters hit a civilian building under construction on the farm , killing a father and his four sons , a married couple and another man , SANA said . Syria 's deputy foreign minister contacted the U.S. embassies in Damascus and Baghdad , SANA said . Military officials are investigating the claims , Sgt. Brooke Murphy , a U.S. military spokeswoman , told CNN . "  Unfortunately , we can not confirm anything at the moment , " she said . The attack occurred near the town of Al-Bukamal , which is home to a Red Crescent camp for Iraqi refugees . The town is across the border from the Iraqi city of Qaim , which has been a major route for Sunni Arab fighters battling U.S. troops in Iraq . Watch CNN 's Cal Perry explain the implications of the possible attack " Syria has said it has made efforts to secure the 600-km desert border , which is marked largely by a sand wall . But Maj. Gen. John Kelly , the U.S. commander in western Iraq 's sprawling Anbar province , told reporters last week that much of the border remains "  uncontrolled . " "  We still have a certain level of foreign fighter movement , not much , through Anbar , because of our activities out there , " Kelly said . But he said Iraqi intelligence believes al Qaeda operatives and others "  live pretty openly on the Syrian side , and periodically we know that they try to come across . " Syria demanded Iraq 's government "  immediately investigate this serious violation " and bar U.S. forces from striking Syria from its territory . The Syrian government summoned U.S. and Iraqi diplomats to the Foreign Ministry in Damascus to condemn the attack , SANA reported . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report , Nada Husseini , Mike Mount and Cal Perry contributed to this report .	State news agency says 3 men , 1 woman , 4 children killed near Iraq-Syria border SANA says 4 helicopters from Iraq crossed border about 5 miles into Syria , hit farm Syrian government summons U.S. , Iraqi diplomats to Foreign Ministry in Damascus U.S. Military says it is investigating claims , can not confirm anything right now
CNN  -- You 've probably heard by now about the Afropolitans and the Afropreneurs -- but what about the Africapitalists ? It 's the term created by Nigerian entrepreneur Tony Elumelu , one of Africa 's most successful businessmen , to describe what he believes holds the key to the continent 's future well-being . According to Elumelu , Africapitalism is the economic philosophy "  that the African private sector has the power to transform the continent through long-term investments , creating both economic prosperity and social wealth . " Elumelu champions the idea that long-term focus on key sectors such as infrastructure and power does not only offer high returns but , in the process , can also help Africa deal with pressing problems such as unemployment and food security . "  The information people have about Africa in America and the western world is one of aid , one of squalor , one of poverty , one of religious crisis , " says Elumelu , who first found success after turning a struggling Nigerian bank into a global financial institution . "  They need to begin to see that Africa is a continent of economic opportunities -- a lot of potential and the returns on investment in Africa is huge . " Read this : Africa 's mega projects Backing his words with actions , Elumelu , the former chief executive of the United Bank for Africa , who went on to create investment company Heirs Holdings in 2010 , has pledged $ 2.5 billion to U.S. President Barack Obama 's "  Power Africa " initiative -- a campaign aiming to double access to electricity in sub-Saharan Africa . CNN 's African Voices spoke to Elumelu about Africapitalism , doing business in Africa and his goals for the future . An excerpt of the interview follows . CNN : What is Africapitalism and how does it work ? Tony Elumelu : From interacting with customers , with communities , with local governments , state governments and national governments , I started to see a pattern that indeed we can as a private sector help to develop Africa in a manner that 's truly sustainable . I also , as a good student of economic history , have observed the development of the African continent and come to realize that despite all the aid inflows into Africa and despite our sovereign government commitment to develop in the continent , not much was achieved . But ... if we can mobilize the African private sector and non-African private sector operating in Africa to think long-term , to invest long-term in Africa in key sectors , then we might end up creating economic wealth , economic prosperity and social wealth . That is Africapitalism . CNN : Which areas does the private sector in Africa focus on ? TE : The private sector in Africa was largely dependent on government patronage , government contracts . But today , it has changed significantly . You have the private sector in Africa today that is adding real value to the economy through engagements in payment systems ; through engagement in key infrastructure projects ; through engagement in manufacturing and processing of raw materials in Africa and exporting this within the continent . Read this : Ghana plans $ 10 billion tech city So it 's a significant shift from where the private sector was before to where it is today and we 're beginning to see a new crop of private sector people in Africa who believe under the sun that they have a role to play in the development of the continent . CNN : Why did Heirs Holding decided to commit $ 2.5 billion to the "  Power Africa " initiative ? TE : Because we understand as Africapitalists the importance of power , access to electricity , in unleashing the economic potential of Africa . Because of that , we felt since we preach that the private sector should do long-term investment in Africa in key sectors , there is no sector at this point in time to us that is as strategic as power sector in dealing with the issue of economic empowerment , democratization of economic prosperity across the continent than power . CNN : Looking ahead , what do you think is going to be the most important source of power ? TE : Africa is coming from a deficit position -- only 20 % of 1.2 billion people have access to electricity . So we need to think of the kind of projects that will help us create the quantum leap we need in power . And I think that that is what should guide the options that we take . Read this : Can Africa unlock solar potential ? So for me , I believe that we need five years of sustained , massive billion dollar investments  in the  power sector in Africa before we come to the level where we need to discriminate , is it this kind of power or that type of power ? But let there be light first in Africa . CNN : What are your goals for the future ? TE : My goals for the future are twofold -- one is personal and two is about the continent . For my personal goal I would like to continue to impact my team . Because you get to a certain level where you wake up in the morning not necessarily because you want to earn a living -- you wake up in the morning I think about impact , about legacies , what impact am I going to leave behind ? And so I decide to look at the African continent and I tell myself this is a continent that is about to explode but lacks certain vital ingredients . And so what role can I play in making sure that some of those challenges are addressed in my lifetime , so that my children will not as a kind of question I asked of my parents and grandparents , where were they when the war started ? So that 's important to me . And that is why we invest in power . Not just because I want to make more money , which is good , but because we touch lives significantly making that money .	Nigerian entrepreneur Tony Elumelu is pioneering the concept of Africapitalism He says long-term investments in key sectors can create both commercial and social wealth Elumelu founded in 2010 Nigeria-based investment company Heirs Holdings It has pledged to invest $ 2.5 billion to back the "  Power Africa " campaign
CNN  -- Did you learn anything new in 2014 ? Of course , your brain is filled with facts about this year 's events from the rise of ISIS to the ALS ice bucket challenge . But my question is : Are you saying goodbye to 2014 having learned some new life lessons ? I 'll give you a moment to think about it .  Cue "  Jeopardy " music  . To be honest , many of the things I learned in 2014 -- as in 2013 -- sucked . And no doubt many of you would agree with me . Here are nine things I wish we had n't learned in 2014 : 1 . A really excited black man is called a "  thug , " but a white criminal is called Justin Bieber . In January , Seattle Seahawks star Richard Sherman caused a media uproar because of his animated post game interview after his team won the NFC championship . Apparently to some , Sherman was too excited for their liking and they labeled this Stanford University grad a "  thug . " Yet in the same month , Justin Bieber was arrested , accused of drag racing and driving under the influence after admitting to smoking marijuana and taking pills . Later this year , he was ordered to pay $ 80,900 in restitution for throwing eggs at his former neighbor 's home and was placed on probation , with a requirement that he take anger management sessions and perform five days of community labor . If Sherman had done that , what do you think they would have called him ? Likely answer : Prisoner number _______ . 2 . A cantankerous cat earns more money than me  and likely you , too . Yep , I 'm talking "  Grumpy cat . " That grouchy feline 's petulant puss is plastered on products from mugs to T-shirts to even a grumpy cat pillowcase for those who want Grumpy 's face to be the last they see before they fall asleep and the first thing they see when they wake up . How much did this cat rake in ? It 's unclear but the cat 's manager  and , yes , the cat also has a manager  claimed it was in the seven figures while the cat 's owner claimed it was less . In any event , the lesson is if you have choice between getting a really cute cat or one that looks like an angry New Yorker waiting on a long line , pick the latter . 3 . Some politicians will even use a deadly disease to score political points . I thought I had seen every way politicians could scare us , but Republicans came up with something new to use in 2014 : ebola . While medical professionals were telling us to remain calm , some Republicans were telling us to freak out . One Republican senator even warned of the "  real and present danger " that ISIS fighters might infect themselves and then infect us . Of course , after Election Day , we did n't hear a peep from these same people about Ebola as it became clear that the risk to the United States was minimal . Can you imagine what they will use in 2015 to scare us ? 4 . A "  hot " mug shot can get you not one but two Hollywood agents . You might not recognize the name Jeremy Meeks but you likely recognize his mug shot . He was the guy known as the "  hot convict " whose photo , taken after he was arrested on gang and weapons related charges , became a viral sensation this spring . Next thing you know , he had a modeling agent and a second agent to help him with endorsements and acting work . The takeaway here is that if you are trying to be discovered , forget acting classes or toiling away in small comedy clubs , just make sure you look "  hot " when you get arrested . 5 . Afghanistan had a higher voter turnout than the United States this year . In April , Afghanistan 's presidential election saw about 60 % of eligible voters cast a ballot . But in our country , only 36 % bothered to vote in November . And keep in mind , people in Afghanistan risked their lives to vote because of threats by the Taliban . In our country , the biggest fear if you voted was missing an episode of "  Dancing With the Stars " or "  Game of Thrones . " Perhaps we need the people of Afghanistan to make PSA 's telling us about the importance of voting ? 6 . Racial inequities are even worse than many of us suspected . Black teens have a 21 times greater chance of being killed by the police than white teens . In a year marked by controversy over police tactics and race , this report by Pro Publica released this year painfully crystallized the issue . They found , based on the limited data available , that , shockingly , black teenagers are far more likely to be killed by the police than their white counterparts . Pro Publica deserves credit for bringing this finding to light , and we can only hope that it will help spur change in 2015 . How do black parents tell their teenagers that simply because of his or her skin color , there 's a 21 times greater chance that the police will kill them than their white teenage friends ? 7 . Kim Kardashian 's butt can break the Internet . America seemingly lost its mind over photos of a seminaked  and really naked  Kim Kardashian that were published by Papermag.com . It 's as if people did n't realize that the Internet was already filled with naked photos of this famous reality show star . Yet these images were the talk of countless media outlets and drove 4 million people to Papermag.com 's website , which was a 2,379 % increase over visitors to that website from the month before . On the upside , however , the photos did launch a multitude of hilarious memes including one featuring "  The Family Guy 's " Peter Griffin . 8 . The naked selfies I took might be hacked . OK , I do n't have any naked selfies . To be honest , I barely can look at photos of myself fully clothed and not be struck with a sense of disappointment . But this year a bevy of celebrities found out that even your most private photos that have been stored in what has been billed as a secure server are not safe . This is just another example of how it appears that we are collectively losing any hope of privacy . 9 . The 2016 presidential race could be Clinton versus Bush . With former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush recently announcing that he was exploring a run for president and almost instantly topping the polls among GOP contenders , and with Hillary Clinton being the presumed Democratic front-runner , we could see a replay of families from the 1992 presidential race in 2016 . While they are both solid candidates , I fear a match up between these political "  royal families " could turn more people off from politics . Can we at least mix it up a little and get a Kennedy or Roosevelt into the race ? So that 's my list , but what about yours ? C'mon , there must be things you wish you had n't learned in 2014 . Tell us about them in the comments section below . And best wishes for a happy and healthy 2015 filled with lessons you are glad you learned .	Dean Obeidallah says 2014 would have been better with less Kardashian , Bieber news He says other cringe-worthy things include politicians ' scare-mongering over Ebola Obeidallah : Most people probably unhappy to find out Grumpy Cat makes more money than they do
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A high-profile terrorism trial for an Indonesian man accused of assembling the bombs used in the 2002 Bali attack got under way Monday in Jakarta . The defendant , Umar Patek , faces charges including premeditated murder , and a maximum penalty of death if convicted . The bombings on the Indonesian resort island of Bali killed 202 people , including foreign tourists . Patek also faces charges of bringing in illegal weapons ; giving weapons and explosives training ; and planning and assembling explosives for church bombings in Jakarta in 2000 . The 44-year-old Patek was one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists , with a $ 1 million bounty on his head from the U.S. government 's "  Rewards for Justice " program . After almost a decade on the run , Patek was arrested on January 25 , 2011 , in Abbottabad , Pakistan . A few months after his capture , U.S. Navy SEALs found and killed al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden in the Pakistani city . Patek was extradited to Indonesia in August . Abbottabad : The military town where bin Laden hid in plain sight He arrived at the court building Monday in an armored vehicle at the start of a trial that is expected to last months . He smiled as he descended from the vehicle in handcuffs and walked past cameramen and photographers into a holding cell . The court session Monday lasted less than two hours after Patek 's lawyers asked for another week to respond to the charges . The defense team criticized the charges as being vague . "  In many ways , how he was linked to terrorism , and how it was classified as premeditated murder -- I think for the defense team , the charges are disproportionate and too far from the truth , " said Husni Syaifuddin , one of the defense lawyers . Indonesian authorities allege that Patek admitted his role in the Bali attacks to investigators , saying he helped assemble the explosives . Noor Huda Ismail , an Indonesian terrorism expert , told CNN that Patek 's detention and trial "  should go beyond the Bali bombings . " "  Umar Patek is a gold mine of information for security authorities , not only here in Indonesia , but also in Singapore , Malaysia , and the Philippines . He has valuable information about the extent of the network , who are the people moving from one place to another and how they 're doing it , " Ismail said . Ismail said Patek also may give clues on the ties between the region 's militants and international terror networks such as al Qaeda . "  It may be no coincidence that Patek was found in the same village where bin Laden was living , " Ismail said . Patek is one of the last figures associated with a splinter group of the terror network Jemaah Islamiyah , responsible for the Bali bombings and other major attacks on Indonesian soil . Many in that group , like Patek , trained and fought in Pakistan and Afghanistan in the early 1990s and were deeply influenced by bin Laden 's teachings . Three of the masterminds of the Bali bombings -- Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and Ali Ghufron -- were executed in 2008 . Patek fled to Mindanao in the southern Philippines with several other Indonesian militants . One of them was Dulmatin , another former JI member , who returned to Indonesia and helped set up a military-style training camp in province of Aceh . He was killed in a police raid , just outside Jakarta in October 2010 . Patek is also charged with failing to disclose knowledge he had about the militant training camp . According to Ismail , Patek refused an offer to train at the camp and instead chose to leave for Pakistan and Afghanistan . Indonesian authorities have tried and convicted hundreds of terrorists since the 2002 bombing . The arrests of senior militants with combat experience have weakened the terror network and its capability to launch major attacks . According to recent reports by the International Crisis Group , the terror threat in the country remains but has shifted to attacks on Indonesian authorities , with smaller groups or radicalized individuals targeting the police .	Umar Patek has been one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists His trial on charges related to the Bali bombing starts Monday in Jakarta Indonesian authorities have convicted hundreds since the 2002 bombing Patek was seized in the same Pakistani city where Osama bin Laden was killed
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Working on your weekend is n't always fun , but it was for me this past Saturday and Sunday . CNN 's John King demonstrates the magic board . We had a lot of viewers ask about how we cover the elections , where our information comes from and what sort of gadgets we 've got planned . And so what 's BackStory for , if not to answer precisely those kinds of questions ? So it was off to New York City and our election HQ at the Time Warner Center . If you 're a coffee drinker  who is n't ?  the first thing you notice is that my colleagues in the NYC newsroom have a view worth the national debt from ... yes ... the coffee room . Straight across Columbus Circle to Central Park in the fall/autumn . Here in Atlanta , the view is of , well , the coffee machine . But I digress . After meeting up with producer Terence Burke  a friend and colleague with whom I 've shared experiences in Baghdad and had cleansing ales in multiple cities  we hit the newsroom . Now , I 've been in the business more than 30 years  I started young , very young , ok ?  and I 've never seen such a scene . Dozens of technicians , producers , reporters , anchors et al in what seemed to be a scrum , but was in fact a ballet of sorts . Everyone knew their task and did it with a minimum of fuss . Tonight 's coverage involves not one , but two packed control rooms , several hundred people across the US and indeed the world , and some high tech gadgets I wanted to take home and play with . They would n't let me . There 's the John King Magic Wall -- and yes , you can see your house from there . What a machine ! The data stored in there is simply staggering -- you can compare county results from four elections back . How county populations can swing a State . How the primary result in one State stacks up against polling data from yesterday . I got the feeling only John King REALLY knows all the cool stuff it can do . And it 's all done with taps and finger moves on the screen . Watch King zoom in on voters ' homes " And you really can see your house . The "  virtual Capitol " is newer , and so perhaps cooler . I 'm standing in the studio looking at an empty desk , and glance up at a monitor and see how a full model of the Capitol building has somehow been dropped on top of that desk  which is still empty  . Then you can open the top of the Capitol  do n't try this at home  and see how the seats are being won and lost as the night goes on . But for technology on steroids , wait till you see the hologram . Correspondents and guests in Chicago and Phoenix will magically appear in the New York studio , in a very Star Wars-ish manner . It takes dozens of cameras  yes , dozens  , infra-red thingies  I 'm not very technical  and a bunch of computers to make this happen . We have n't been allowed to show the images yet -- they 're being saved for tonight 's coverage . But I can tell you it seems to work pretty darn well . An intern subbing for a correspondent in Chicago magically appeared on the screen in front of me , just a few feet from Wolf Blitzer in New York . Wolf ca n't see it , but fakes it admirably . I 'm not easily impressed these days , but my little visit to the Election Center was quite the eye opener .	CNN using prototype technology to bring election stats to life John King 's "  magic board " can zoom in on individual homes CNN coverage will see "  holograms " appear in studio
CNN  -- Today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , a champion for freedom , civil rights and justice . I was blessed to be with him the last weekend before his death . I remember the trauma he felt as a result of his opposition to the war in Vietnam . Before going to Memphis , King had the Rev. Ralph Abernathy call for a staff meeting in his church study on a Saturday morning . His close aides came . King complained that he had felt the pain of "  a migraine headache for four days . " He said , "  Maybe I 've done as much as I could . We 've come from the back of the bus , gotten the Voting Rights Act , the Civil Rights Act ... " One of us -- Andy Young -- asked him not to talk that way . King responded , "  Do n't say peace when there is no peace . " Many of his supporters had turned against him because of his position on the war in Vietnam , but King felt he had to do what was right . He contended , "  There are those who want me to confine my morality to the war on poverty and overlook the war in Vietnam . However , the bombs in Vietnam ultimately explode at home because of poverty . " He contemplated fasting until he was near the point of death , anticipating that "  those who disagree with me would come to my bedside and we could reconcile . " But then he shook off his pessimism and declared , "  Let 's turn a minus into a plus , like we did before . Let 's make this nation deal forthrightly with the issue of poverty . " It was with this insight in mind that we went on to Memphis to work with sanitation workers . Beyond their work and their stained uniforms , these workers wanted their children to graduate from college and to attain the American dream . King was invited to speak at the Mason Temple church , but he still suffered from a migraine headache . He sent Abernathy and me in his place . It was a big space , and everyone applauded , assuming King was behind us . We went to the back of the church and called King to tell him he had to come , even if not for long . He came . That night , he gave the now famous "  mountaintop " speech . Yet , Memphis is memorable less for the accolades for King than for the condemnations of him . We idolize him now as a martyr ; we but rejected him as a marcher . Dr. King was invested in the war on poverty , but the federal government and the media were invested in the war in Vietnam . He was invested in justice , but many in the world were invested in the status quo . He was vilified , lied to , spied upon , jailed and threatened . Sick and misguided people wanted to see Dr. King dead , but he represented a truth that lives can not deter , that jails can not confine , and bullets can not kill . Those who shot him meant it for evil , but instead they shot him into immortality . King can not be buried . When confronted with a dilemma , King often said that we face three questions : First , our vanity asks "  Is it popular ? " Second , politics asks the question "  Can it win ? " Finally , conscience asks the question , "  Is it right ? " It may be neither popular nor politic , King argued , but if it is right it will prevail . In the time since King saw his vision from the mountaintop , much has changed for the better . Three women have been appointed to the Supreme Court ; voting has become more democratic ; women sit on juries as well as men ; students vote en masse . We now have a black president and our state legislatures and local governments are comprised of people who are black , Asian , Hispanic , white , female and male . Ultimately though , King 's work was not about complexion , but direction . He fought for freedom , but equality was the next stage . Freedom was the absence of barbarism and sickness ; the fight for equality is a move towards sharing resources . Former allies in the freedom movement would not necessarily be our allies in the equality movement . We may go to sporting events together , like when the New Orleans Saints play the Atlanta Falcons , but when the game is over we rarely vote together , do not share capital and grow together . We are missing an opportunity and growing apart . While we struggle over the battles of sequestration and fiscal cliffs , we ignore the growth of poverty . Instead of horizontal divergence based on race , we now face vertical polarization that separates the haves from the have-nots . There is no apparent plan for reconstruction . If King were alive today , I imagine he would cry out for new priorities . He could not rest with the new forms of war and old forms of poverty . He would abhor the political polarization that is the new normal in American life . He would challenge the rhetoric of states rights and its attempt to undermine a more perfect union . King fought for democracy over Democrats , the republic over Republicans , a one big-tent America : everybody in and nobody out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jesse Jackson .	Today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Rev. Jesse Jackson : King 's work was not about complexion , but direction He says if King were alive today , he would fight against poverty , polarization Jackson : King fought for a one , big-tent America , everybody in and nobody out
CNN  -- Just as President Barack Obama secured his re-election , a scandal jolted his national security team . The resignation of retired four-star general David Petraeus as CIA director over an extramarital affair followed by the investigation of the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , in relation to e-mail exchanges with a woman caught up in the Petraeus mess is just one of many dramas to unfold following a presidential re-election . Is Petraeus pillow talk a security threat ? Here , we take a look at big scandals and controversies that plagued other presidents after voters re-elected them to the White House : George W. Bush | HURRICANE KATRINA , 2005 President George W. Bush won re-election in 2004 , defeating Democrat Sen. John Kerry . The Republican was a wartime president after the 9/11 attacks and managed to secure a second term as commander-in-chief . Eight months after Bush 's second inauguration , Hurricane Katrina destroyed parts of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast , killing more than 1,800 people . The Category Three storm made landfall on August 29 , 2005 , displacing hundreds of thousands of people and causing $ 108 billion in damage . Bush was asked to declare a federal state of emergency for the city before the storm hit but delayed acting for days , leaving many without any aid . A congressional report released in 2006 called the government response to the storm a "  failure of leadership " that left people stranded when they were most in need . Bush left office at the end of his second term in 2009 . Bill Clinton | MONICA LEWINSKY , 1998 "  I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky , " President Bill Clinton said with his wife , Hillary , standing by his side at a White House news conference . It was January 26 , 1998 , and several days earlier , news organizations began reporting the alleged affair between Clinton and Monica Lewinsky , a young White House intern . Clinton eventually acknowledged a sexual relationship with Lewinsky and became only the second president to be impeached by the U.S. House , which alleged perjury and obstruction of justice following a lengthy investigation by an independent counsel . However , the Senate acquitted him in 1999 , and Clinton left office at the end of his second term two years later . Ronald Reagan | IRAN-CONTRA AFFAIR , 1986 President Ronald Reagan did not blink at fighting communism in Grenada and in Central America , but funding of anti-communist rebels in Nicaragua would lead to the worst scandal of his administration . The secret and rogue operation under the direction of the National Security Council 's Oliver North used the proceeds from weapons sales to Iran to fund the Nicaraguan Contras -- despite a congressional ban on such funding . Ronald Reagan appeared on TV stating there were no "  arms for hostages " deal but later admitted that there had been . Richard Nixon | WATERGATE , 1972 The Watergate break-in triggered the slow unraveling of Richard Nixon 's presidency . On the night of June 17 , 1972 , operatives of Nixon 's re-election campaign broke into offices at the Watergate Hotel complex in Washington -- headquarters of the Democratic National Committee . Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncovered a scandalous trail that led to the Oval Office and Nixon 's resignation in 1974 . Opinion : 5 things we 've learned from Petraeus scandal	Scandal engulfing Petraeus has jolted Obama 's national security team George W. Bush hurt by Katrina ; Bill Clinton was impeached Reagan was dogged by Iran/Contra , and Watergate ended Nixon 's presidency
CNN  -- Dubai sent investors reeling Thursday after asking creditors to freeze the debt repayments of one of its biggest holding companies , Dubai World . The announcement came after the market close on the eve of the Eid holiday and Thanksgiving in the U.S. , leaving traders ' hands tied over their exposure to investments in the Emirate . Shares dropped in London and Europe as bankers struggled to gauge the implications of the debt freeze without additional guidance from Wall Street . With very little information being distributed from Dubai , the market has been left to question the motives of ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum and the financial future of Dubai World and its huge portfolio . So what happened ? Late Wednesday , the government of Dubai issued a statement saying it had authorised the Dubai Financial Support Fund to "  spearhead the restructure of Dubai World with immediate effect . " The first step , it said , was to ask all providers of financing to Dubai World and Nakheel to "  standstill " its debt repayments until at least May 30 , 2010 . It added , to the market 's surprise , that the proceeds of a $ 5 billion bond issue raised hours earlier would n't be used to bail the company out . Odd timing was n't it ? Dubai 's decision to release its statement just before the Eid holiday in the Middle East , and on the eve of Thanksgiving in the U.S. , provoked consternation . "  Dubai have certainly picked their moment to finally own up to a need to restructure their debt . I would imagine the news has ruined a few Thanksgiving dinners today , " David Morrsion , a strategist at GFT told the Financial Times . Read CNN 's John Defterios ' take on the Dubai debt fears How did the markets react ? Banking stocks led equity markets lower in London and Europe as traders moved to distance themselves from a potential debt hole in the Middle East . Technical problems in London halted trade for some time , providing further frustration for traders with exposure to Dubai World 's lenders . What is Dubai World & Nakheel ? Described on its Web site as "  Dubai 's flag bearer in global investments , " Dubai World is a holding company with stakes in everything from ports to real estate and transport . It includes the world 's largest privately held real estate company Nakheel , which is the mastermind behind such architectural feats as the man-made residential islands , "  The Palm Islands " and "  The World . " Dubai World also invests in global markets through its investment arm Istithmar World , which boasts a "  global footprint " in finance , capital , leisure , aviation and other business ventures . How severe is the debt ? Dubai World is said to account for some $ 59 billion of Dubai 's $ 80 billion debt burden . Nakheel had been due to pay a $ 3.5 billion convertible loan which expires on December 14 . More debts were due to be repaid next year . "  This is not just a couple of billion story , " Turker Hamzaoglu , EMEA economist at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research told CNN . "  For instance , Dubai has to service $ 10 billion including the Nakheel debt in December and $ 15 billion U.S. dollars by the end of 2010 , " he added . How much damage has the announcement done ? That 's incalculable at this stage . Markets in the Middle East and the U.S. do n't open until next week so the full impact wo n't be known until then . It also depends on Dubai 's next move . The surprise announcement has shaken confidence in the Emirate as a place to do business . "  The key here is the communication of this strategy . I guess everybody is on the same page regarding the need for consolidation in Dubai and for the region . But the only market-positive implication would be if this comes with a clearly open and a predictable way , " Hamzaoglu said . "  The problem is , here we have a lack of transparency and all these policy reactions are either coming at the last minute , or for example , the recent one just before the long holiday . " "  I think this is going to shake some investor confidence which may not be reversed as quickly as people expect . So they have to be careful , " he added . Who will bail them out ? Abu Dhabi has been a lucrative source of funding for its neighbor . The $ 5 billion bond issue was take up by UAE banks . The question now is whether it will continue to give its backing to its debt-laden neighbour . It may have the money to do so , but does it have the will ? What comes next ? Ideally , the market wants guidance as to Dubai 's debt strategy . It has said that the Dubai World debt freeze is the first stage of a restructuring plan . Investors want to know what comes next . Right now , the region is seen as a risky bet for nervous investors . Hamzaoglu says there are other options for those who want to back similar markets . "  From an investor perspective , if you want to still play for the global backdrop of oil prices , etc. there are some other markets , say Brazil or Russia , that investors can be interested in , rather than taking this high risk for the region , " he said .	Dubai stuns global investors by calling for a debt "  standstill " on Dubai World and Nakheel debts Market reactions restrained by public holidays in the Middle East and the U.S. Nakheel is Dubai World 's real estate arm , owns "  The Palm Islands , " and "  The World " Dubai World said to account for $ 59 billion of Dubia 's $ 80 billion debt
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , in awarding an overdue posthumous Medal of Honor to a Vietnam hero Wednesday , paid tribute to soldiers who received a cold reception when they returned home from the Southeast Asian war . "  This month , we 'll begin to mark the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War , " Obama said at the White House ceremony . "  A time when , to our shame , the soldiers did n't receive the respect and the thanks that they deserve . A mistake that must never be repeated . " Obama , who presented Army Spc. Leslie Sabo Jr. 's medal to his widow , Rose Mary Sabo Brown , singled out Sabo 's 101st Airborne Division unit , Bravo Company , as typifying selfless and patriotic service by Vietnam veterans . One woman 's persistence to honor military heroes "  You did your job , you served with honor , you made us proud and , as Les would have wanted it , I ask members of Bravo Company to stand and accept the gratitude of our nation , " the president said . Transcript : Obama 's remarks at Medal of Honor ceremony A long applause accompanied the recognition . Sabo , of Ellwood City , Pennsylvania , was killed May 10 , 1970 , in Cambodia . But it was n't until 1999 , when a 101st Airborne veteran was doing research at the National Archives , did the box with Sabo 's Medal of Honor paperwork surface . That set the wheels in motion for Wednesday 's eventual honor . Four decades later , Medal of Honor for newlywed hero 's sacrifice "  Today , 42 years after that sacrifice , we are setting the record straight , " Obama said . "  This story was almost lost to history . " He and Brown paid tribute to that researcher , Alton Mabb . Overheard on CNN.com : Who deserves a Medal of Honor ? Brown , speaking after the ceremony , said the seven other men who died in the ambush should also be remembered as heroes . "  I know a piece of cloth and a medal wo n't bring him back , " she said . "  But my heart beams with pride for Leslie because he is finally receiving tribute for his sacrifices and bravery . " Living Marine gets Medal of Honor for bravery in Afghanistan Sabo 's heroism , near the Se San River in Cambodia , is documented by the Department of Defense : "  Even though his platoon was ambushed from all sides by a large enemy force , Sabo charged the enemy position , killing several enemy soldiers . He then assaulted an enemy flanking force , successfully drawing their fire away from friendly soldiers and ultimately forcing the enemy to retreat . While securing a resupply of ammunition , an enemy grenade landed nearby . Specialist Sabo picked it up , threw it , and shielded a wounded comrade with his own body -- absorbing the brunt of the blast and saving his comrade 's life . "  Although wounded by the grenade blast , Sabo continued to charge the enemy 's bunker . After receiving several serious wounds from automatic weapons fire , he crawled toward the enemy emplacement and , when in position , threw a grenade into the bunker . The resulting explosion silenced the enemy fire , but also ended Specialist Sabo 's life . " The Medal of Honor : What is it ? Sabo was born in Europe to a family of Hungarian refugees . He and his bride spent just 30 days together in the fall of 1969 before he shipped out . "  We only had that one month together as a married couple , " Brown said . "  He left for Vietnam , and I never saw him again . " Obama , before bestowing the award , provided details of Sabo 's sacrifice . "  He saved his comrades , who meant more to him than life . " Are you a veteran ? Who was a hero in your unit , or what kind of heroic action have you witnessed ? Please share in the comments below . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Widow pays tribute to others also killed in battle President Barack Obama presents the Medal of Honor to a GI 's widow Spc. Leslie Sabo Jr. was married for one month before shipping out to Vietnam Sabo died in a firefight in which he shielded his mates from a grenade
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- In a downtown Nairobi salon , tucked away in nondescript office building , women sit under hair dryers and gossip . They have their hair trimmed and their feet and hands pampered . Jackson Irungu is quitting Kenya after being targeted for being gay . But there is one patron that draws the eye . In his Bermuda shorts , orange shirt , and cravat , Jackson Irungu is getting a manicure . He is among a tiny minority of openly gay men in Kenya who face a constant barrage of verbal abuse on the street and even occasional physical attacks . "  We live in fear , " says Irungu , "  There is a perception that being gay is wrong so it is a bit tricky being gay when you live in Kenya . " Irungu says a friend of his was beaten so badly outside a nightclub in Nairobi that he had to be taken to hospital . There is no way to corroborate such incidents with the police because homosexual Kenyans are just too afraid to report them . The law books help create the ambivalence . Two separate penal codes relate to the gays in Kenya and the archaic laws can lead to a 5 to 14 year jail term . They are rarely enforced , but penal code 162 and 165 are an effective threat hanging over the gay community . "  They have a weapon to which they defend themselves , " says Pauline Kimani , a leader of an umbrella organization for gays in Kenya . She says that gay Kenyans are arrested on charges like ` loitering ' and "  disturbing the peace . " Watch report on treatment of gays in Kenya " "  Ending the sodomy laws would be up to members of parliament , " says Kenyan government spokesman Dr. Alfred Mutua , "  and they represent the people . " Gay rights is a non-starter for Kenyan politicians and attempts to repeal the laws have ended practically before they began . The Kenyans who elect the MPs are mostly on their side . A few people defend gay rights on the streets of Nairobi . But many say that gays should n't have rights , are "  un-African , " and not good Christians . Kenya is a country of faithful people and religion plays a defining role in homophobia in Kenya . Seventy percent of the country is Christian and there is a sizeable Muslim and Hindu population . "  This is an abomination that is totally unacceptable by God who formed us not to function in that way , " says Patrick Kuchio , a popular preacher at Parklands Pentecostal Church . More traditional denominations in Africa are also conservative , leading the charge to stop gay pastors from being ordained . Though the Pentecostal church made major inroads to Kenya only in the 1950s , many of its supporters , and other faithful in the continent , consider homosexuality a Western concept . "  Amongst traditional Kenyan people , it was unheard of , " says Pastor Kuchio . He believes the practice must have been imported into Kenya . As a result , most homosexuals in the country have to hide their sexual preference for fear of social stigma , say gay activists in Kenya . "  They say , ` look , you are evil , the law also disagrees with you , ' " says Kimani , "  You are not supposed to exist within our community . " By their own admission , gay rights groups have been under funded and disorganized . But since forming an umbrella organization , their leaders say there is a slow thawing of attitudes towards gays in Kenya . Their monthly party now gets police protection . But mention something as fundamental as a gay pride march and it is met with laughs . It would be utterly inconceivable , they say . But for an openly gay man Kenyan like Irungu , progress is too slow in Kenya .	Gay Kenyans face verbal abuse and even physical attacks . Law states gays can face up to 14 years in jail if convicted under penal codes Gay Kenyans usually arrested on charges like ` loitering ' , ` disturbing the peace ' Pastor : Practice is unheard of among Kenyans and must have been imported
CNN  -- Florida millionaire John Goodman was found guilty Friday after being accused of driving drunk , hitting another vehicle and running it off the road into a canal , where its driver was later found dead in his submerged car . Goodman , 48 , was found guilty on the two counts he was charged with . The first was DUI manslaughter and failure to render aid . The second was vehicular homicide and failure to give information to authorities or aid . The Palm Beach County jury reached its verdict after about 5Â 1/2 hours of deliberation , following closing arguments Thursday afternoon . A sentencing hearing is set for April 30 , with Goodman potentially facing 11Â 1/2 to 30 years in prison . Until then , Circuit Judge Jeffrey Colbath revoked Goodman 's bond and ordered that he be detained by authorities . The victim 's mother , Lili Wilson , thanked the jury after the verdict and took solace in her belief that "  justice has been served . " "  I 'm always going to miss my son . He was the most wonderful , " she said , choking up at the thought of her son . "  I will always cherish his memories . And now , coming from me and the rest of the family and his friends , it 's time for the healing process to begin . " The incident occurred early the morning of February 12 , 2010 , when Goodman was driving his black Bentley convertible in Wellington , Florida , "  at a high rate of speed while intoxicated , " according to a probable cause affidavit . Goodman failed to halt at a stop sign , where the other driver -- Scott Wilson -- did n't have a stop sign and had the right of way , the affidavit said . The two men 's vehicles collided , causing Wilson 's car to go over a bank and roll over into a canal . "  After the collision occurred , Goodman made no attempt to look for Wilson 's vehicle and fled the scene of the collision on foot , " according to the affidavit from the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office . "  Goodman left the Bentley GTC at the scene ... and left Scott Wilson to drown in the canal , belted in the driver seat of his vehicle . " A pair of tests taken three hours later showed Goodman 's blood-alcohol content level was .177 % and .178 % -- and , based on those findings , a state toxicologist extrapolated that he was closer to a .20 % or .23 % at the time of the crash , more than three times Florida 's legal limit . Prosecutor Sherri Collins further argued that Goodman could have saved Wilson 's life had he gone after him after the crash rather than walk away . "  He called his friend , and she had to talk him into calling 911 , " Collins said during closing arguments Thursday . "  That is absolutely failure to render aid , that is absolutely failure to give information , that is absolutely not informing the authorities . "  If the defendant had rendered aid , Scott Wilson would have lived . " Goodman himself testified earlier in the trial , claiming he was "  absolutely not " intoxicated when he left the second of two establishments he 'd gone to that night . He blamed a malfunction with his vehicle for his failure to stop and the fact he hit Wilson 's car . "  I began to apply my brakes , and the car did not seem to be stopping as easily as I was used to , " he said on the stand . "  I continued to apply the brakes , I slowed before the stop sign and ... took my foot off the brake . And that 's the last thing I remember . " His lawyer , Roy Black , argued that the blood-alcohol readings do n't jibe with eyewitness testimony , saying that people saw him have three drinks and not the 20 he would have needed for such a high reading . And Black said the observations that Goodman 's reactions appeared slow after the crash , that he had trouble gauging where he was and that he seemed confused were "  consistent with the symptoms of suffering a concussion . " After Friday 's verdict , Assistant State Attorney Ellen Roberts said she suspected the jury "  saw through the defense experts , " who she said "  just were n't real credible " and offered "  bizarre " theories . "  Jury members  were very careful , they gave it a lot of thought , they went over a lot of evidence , and I think that they probably returned the only verdict that they could , " Roberts told reporters . In addition to his role in the fatal crash and the subsequent trial , Goodman made headlines a few months ago when he legally adopted Heather Colby Hutchins -- his "  42-year-old girlfriend " -- according to a court order issued in late January . That court order was written by Dade County Circuit Judge Glenn Kelley in response to a motion filed by Wilson 's relatives . They are suing Goodman -- as well as the International Polo Club Palm Beach , which he founded -- for punitive damages tied to Wilson 's death in the crash . The adoption of Hutchins made her eligible for money from a trust fund created for Goodman 's children . The court previously noted that any money from this trust fund "  may not be considered a part of the net worth , or the financial resources , of Mr. Goodman for purposes of assessing punitive damages , " the order said . The judge , in his order , granted the plaintiffs ' motion to get more information on the adoption . He also said that Hutchins ' "  interest in the children 's trust may be considered in connection with defendant John Goodman 's financial resources . "	NEW : Prosecutor : Defense experts were n't "  credible " and had "  bizarre " theories John Goodman is convicted of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide tied to a 2010 crash Prosecutors say the Florida millionaire was drunk when he hit another car , fled the scene The mother of the man killed in that crash says "  it 's time for the healing process to begin "
Moscow  CNN  -- An anti-government protest in Moscow turned violent Sunday , with some demonstrators clashing with police after they veered off their agreed-upon route . More than 250 people were arrested , including leading opposition figure Boris Nemtsov , leftist radical group leader Sergei Udaltsov and popular blogger Alexei Navalny , Moscow police told CNN . They were among the thousands that descended on the Russian capital for the latest demonstration denouncing Vladimir Putin , the nation 's current prime minister who was recently elected to a six-year term as president . He is set to be inaugurated Monday . As they marched , many chanted slogans such as "  Russia without Putin " and "  Putin is a thief . " A large number of demonstrators did not follow the route to Bolotnaya Square that their leaders had agreed to with Moscow authorities , instead stopping in front of a line of police and refusing to move . Clashes broke out , with some protesters throwing various objects -- including sticks and at least one flare -- at police . Authorities responded by "  clubbing demonstrators " who briefly broke through police lines , the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported . One of its correspondents saw "  a male protester out cold after clashing with officers , " while another reported eight officers arresting one demonstrator "  for the apparent crime of wearing a Guy Fawkes ' mask , " the symbol of the vigilante hacking group Anonymous . Twenty officers were injured and three hospitalized in the clashes , according to RIA-Novosti , which added that those charged with assaulting police may face up to 10 years in prison if convicted . Itar-Tass , another official news agency , said four officers suffered cuts and wounds after having stones and bottles thrown at them and reporters . Police denied that they used tear gas as had been reported , according to RIA-Novosti . After the arrests , authorities slowly moved forward and moved everyone out of the area . Many protesters expressed disappointment that the event was not peaceful , with some saying they were angry at those who they felt had provoked a confrontation with police . Others who faced off with authorities voiced frustration that previous peaceful rallies had done little to forward their political aims . In March , Putin won the country 's presidential election with nearly 65 % of the vote , claiming victory amid allegations by independent polling monitors of widespread electoral violations . International observers said there was legitimate uncertainty about the vote , with chess champion-turned opposition activist Garry Kasparov accusing Putin 's supporters of "  massive fraud . " Putin , the former KGB officer who has worked to both stabilize Russia 's economy and curtail dissent , held the presidency for eight years before term limits forced him to step down in 2008 . His election followed a series of anti-Kremlin protests in the wake of disputed parliamentary elections that took place in December .	Thousands protest against President-elect Vladimir Putin and his political allies Some demonstrators veer off the agreed route and throw objects at authorities State-media reports police "  clubbed " some protesters ; police deny using tear gas More than 250 are arrested , including key opposition figures , police say
Oprah.com  -- A businesswoman , a mother of four , an international fashion icon , a woman committed to making the world a better place for women and children -- Queen Rania of Jordan is truly changing the world . Queen Rania says cultural dialogue , education and increased opportunities are ways to combat terrorism . Rania Al-Yassin was born in Kuwait . Shortly after Saddam Hussein invaded that country in 1990 , her family fled and settled in Jordan . After graduating from business school , Rania began working her way up the corporate ladder . When she was just 22 , she went to a dinner party where she met Jordan 's Prince Abdullah -- considered one of the world 's most eligible bachelors . He did n't remain one for long after that night . Six months later , Rania and Abdullah had a royal wedding and started a family . And , though they planned for a life as royals , Abdullah assumed he 'd remain a military officer for life . In 1999 , while on his deathbed , King Hussein of Jordan stunned his country by announcing that his son Abdullah -- not his brother -- would succeed him as king . That made 29-year-old Rania the world 's youngest living queen . Rania says that being queen is not the trait she defines herself by . "  I am not at all conscious of it , " she says . "  I make a conscious effort not to be conscious of it . Because I 'm Rania , you know ? People call me ` Queen , ' but , you know , that 's not me ... I 'm Rania . " There are many perks to being queen , of course , but Rania stresses that there are also responsibilities . "  One of the major misconceptions about this position is that people think that I might be far removed , that I might not be in touch with reality , " she says . "  The honest truth is that my life is very much about dealing with issues on the ground , dealing with ... the problems that our country faces . That 's something I do on a daily basis . " Watch how Queen Rania uses technology to reach young people " When most people think of queens , they probably think of what they know from fairy tales . "  For me , it 's just real life , " Rania says . "  I am a mother . I care about my children . I worry about what they eat . I worry about the influences from their friends . " Rania is not only sitting royalty in Jordan , she 's raising the next generation of royals too . She is the mother of four children -- 14-year-old Hussein , 12-year-old Iman , 8-year-old Salma and 3-year-old Hashem . Rania says her family tries very hard to remain down to earth . The family has relaxed much of the ceremonial pomp and circumstance of their position . Rania prefers that people not refer to her as "  Your Majesty " ... and King Abdullah loves to barbecue ! The family never discusses the possibility that Hussein , their oldest child , could be the future king of Jordan , Rania says . Instead , she says the family strives to remain like any other family . For instance , to get the things they want , the children have to clean their rooms and do well in school . "  The most important thing is to instill them with the right values , " Rania says . "  I just feel that values are the shield that you carry with you throughout life . It protects you from whatever life throws at you . " Rania has become famous around the world for her efforts to improve educational opportunities for girls and the rights of women . "  In my mind , poverty is a ` she , ' " Rania says . Helping others is something Rania says she feels compelled to do . "  Once you feel that others are like you , then you want for others what you want for yourself , " she says . "  And that way you start helping others . " Rania explains that there is a direct relationship between increasing education and eliminating poverty . "  You can change the course of a nation through education , " she says . "  One of the most important things you can do for a girl is empower her with her education . Once she has the education , she can then have control over her income , she can change her life , she can have choices . " To understand what life is like for the women in Rania 's kingdom , "  The Oprah Show " spent a day with a few women in Amman , the capital city of Jordan . One woman named Muna worries about striking a balance between work and motherhood . Part of that means preparing lunch -- the most important meal in Jordanian culture -- for her family . Unlike in America , most children and husbands return home to eat with their families for lunch . Just like in America , Muna cooks a variety of meals , everything from traditional Arabic food to hamburgers and spaghetti . In this largely Muslim country , one religious tradition is increasingly a matter of choice . Approximately 60 percent of Jordanian women wear a veil . Though Queen Rania says she has never worn a veil , she understands why a woman would want to . "  We think it 's a personal choice , " she says . "  Unfortunately , in the West , people look at the veil as a sign of oppression or weakness . This is not true as long as a woman is wearing it because of her belief . I always say we should judge a woman according to what 's going on in their heads rather than what 's going on top of their heads . " Rania says that when people focus on differences between cultures -- especially stereotypes and things like veils -- they fail to realize just how similar all people are . "  Once you go beyond the mannerisms , the language , the cultural idiosyncrasies , you realize that you 're basically the same , you know ? " she says . Rania also wants to break down the stereotypes the West holds about her culture . "  I would like to dispel the misconception that Arabs are all extremists , that Arab people are violent and that women in the Arab world are oppressed and suppressed , " she says . The struggle we feel today is not really Middle East against the West , Rania says , but rather it is between extremists and moderates of all religions . "  We need to speak up , " she says . "  The biggest nightmare for the extremists is for us to get along , and that 's why we have to get along . We have to communicate more . " In the future , Rania says she hopes for a more open and secure world . "  We look at problems happening halfway across the world and we think , ` Well , that 's their problem . ' But it 's not , " she says . "  When you solve somebody else 's problem , you 're solving a problem for yourself because our world today is so interconnected . " Rania says solving problems that stem from intolerance -- like terrorism -- require cultural dialogue , education and increased opportunities . "  We have to create opportunities for our youth so they have a chance in life , " she says . "  Whenever you 're frustrated and you feel like you do n't have a future or you ca n't get a job , then you 're more susceptible to be influenced by terrorism and extremist ideology . " Oprah.com : Africa 's first-ever elected female president From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Queen Rania is a businesswoman , a mother of four and a fashion icon The queen of Jordan says she has responsibility to help her country She is well known for efforts to improve education for girls Rania would like to break stereotypes the West has about Arab culture
CNN  -- The stepmother of missing Oregon boy Kyron Horman attempted to hire a landscaper to kill her husband several months ago , CNN affiliates KGW and KATU reported Monday , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . KGW reported that sources believe the woman , Terri Horman , approached the landscaper , who had been working on the family 's property in northwest Portland , Oregon , and offered the man "  a large sum of money " to kill her husband , Kaine Horman . Investigators informed Kaine Horman of the murder-for-hire plot and said his wife may have tried to hire others as well , KGW reported , citing sources familiar with the conversation . Terri Horman said she was in a bad marriage and claimed that her husband had "  hurt " her , according to the sources . The Oregonian newspaper , citing anonymous sources , reported that when detectives confronted her with the allegations , she denied the plot . KATU 's sources confirmed that report . News about the plot could explain why Kaine Horman abruptly moved out of the family home in late June , taking the couple 's toddler daughter with him . He then filed for divorce and was granted a restraining order . A few days later , Terri Horman hired a high-profile defense attorney , Stephen Houze . Calls to Houze by CNN Monday were not immediately returned . Terri Horman has been the subject of intense scrutiny during the investigation into Kyron 's disappearance because she was the last person with him before he vanished on June 4 . However , police have not called her a suspect in the case . She said she last saw the 7-year-old walking down a hallway toward his second-grade classroom at Skyline Elementary School in Portland , according to the police . Kyron 's family has publicly pleaded with his stepmother to provide the police with more information about the boy .	Terri Horman attempted to hire a man to kill her husband , affiliate sources say She is the stepmother of missing 7-year-old Kyron Horman Terri Horman claims Kaine Horman hurt her , the sources say Kaine Horman has filed for divorce and has a restraining order
DMX may realize by now that South Carolina police know who he is and that he does not have a driver 's license . The rapper -- real name Earl Simmons -- spent three hours in jail Monday night before posting bond on charges of driving with a suspended license , having no car tag or insurance , according to the Spartanburg County Detention Center website . A police officer who was familiar with Simmons and his several recent arrests stopped him for questioning as he drove up to the front of the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport Monday evening , airport spokeswoman Rosylin Weston told CNN affiliate WSPA . The officer arrested him when he could not produce a valid license , she said . It was his third run-in with the law in his home state in recent months , which included a citation for marijuana possession in Greer , South Carolina , in August . He was arrested then when an officer recognized Simmons and knew there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest for failure to appear in court for a previous charge , according to the arrest report . Simmons allegedly "  became very aggressive with his words and was making multiple idle threats " when the officer questioned him about "  a bag of green plant material I knew to be marijuana " near where he was sitting in a pickup truck , the report said . He was also arrested in Greenville , South Carolina , on July 26 on charges of driving under the influence , driving without a license and driving without a seat belt , police said . A state trooper stopped his 1978 Plymouth station wagon after he was allegedly "  traveling erratically , " the South Carolina Highway Patrol said . DMX was given a field sobriety test and failed , the agency said . DMX has faced various criminal charges in the past , including probation violation , illegal drug possession and animal cruelty . Hip-hop highs : Long on lyrics , short on rehab Maricopa County , Arizona , authorities said he was arrested five times after August 2007 . That included a May 2008 arrest on drug and animal cruelty charges , when Simmons attempted to barricade himself inside his Cave Creek home , sheriff 's deputies said . Simmons also ran into trouble while in prison , being placed on "  lockdown status " and forced to eat only bread and water for "  jailhouse infractions . " In February 2009 , he threw a food tray in anger at a corrections officer , according to the sheriff 's office . In 2010 he was sent to prison after violating his probation . Four days later DMX was admitted to the Flamenco Mental Health unit for an undisclosed disorder . But before the litany of arrests , DMX had a promising music and movie career . He had a huge hit with "  Party Up  Up in Here  " more than a decade ago , and he also appeared in such movies as "  Romeo Must Die . " A DMX publicist said the recent arrest will not derail his efforts to revive his career . "  He was arrested on minor traffic charges and spent only three hours in jail , " said representative Domenick Nati . "  This short arrest will not affect any of his upcoming concerts and he is planning on performing with Swizz Beatz on Wednesday 's Wendy Williams Show . " Rapper Gucci Mane arrested - again	A South Carolina police officer who knew about DMX 's other arrests stopped him Monday It was his third run-in with the law in his home state in recent months DMX was cited for marijuana possession in Greer , South Carolina , in August He was charged with drunken driving , driving without a license in Greenville in July
CNN  -- She cuts an imposing figure on the tennis court , but Serena Williams has been stepping gingerly as she prepares to back up her stellar 2013 season . The world No. 1 has arrived in Brisbane to begin her preparations for next month 's Australian Open , and she is wary of repeating the successive ankle injuries which have marred her last two campaigns Down Under . The first struck in the Queensland warm-up event two years ago , and then again last January in the opening match in Melbourne -- a factor which contributed to the American 's shock fourth-round defeat by then teenager Sloane Stephens . "  I thought about it  at home in Florida during the off season  because I have steps in my room , " Williams told reporters on Sunday . "  I thought , ` Gosh , I 'm going to tip over these steps . I 'm going to tape my ankles extra tight for the next four weeks . ' "  If I can get a year without twisting my ankle I think I 'll be good to go . " Williams overcame both injuries to end 2012 and 2013 as the dominant force in women 's tennis , taking her grand slam haul to 17 titles -- five short of Steffi Graf 's record . Williams ' first opponent in Brisbane will be former world No. 9 Andrea Petkovic , who defeated American Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-4 7-5 in Sunday 's opening round . Only four players beat Williams in 82 matches last season , and the German lost their only previous encounter . The Brisbane event will also feature world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka , who beat Williams in an exhibition in Thailand on Saturday , and Maria Sharapova -- making her WTA Tour comeback from a shoulder injury that has sidelined the Russian since August . Caroline Wozniack , another former world No. 1 who is now working with Sharapova 's ex-coach Thomas Hogstedt , has been forced to pull out due to her own shoulder problem but expects to be fit for the following tournament in Sydney . "  Everyone , when they play me , they play pretty much amazing , really unbelievable , " Williams said . "  I always have to be ready . I ca n't stop . I love competing . So for me , it 's just about motivating myself and trying to reach new goals . " One of those was relaunching her clothes brand Aneres during her postseason break . "  I was interviewing so many people . Corporate Serena was taking over . I 'm happy to be here right now , " Williams said . "  Now I can do what I do best . "	Serena Williams seeking to win Australian Open for sixth time Her last victory in Melbourne grand slam came in 2010 World No. 1 will begin her new season against Andrea Petkovic Caroline Wozniacki pulls out of Brisbane event due to injury
CNN  -- After 116 years , it seems the Olympic movement has finally embraced equality . For the first time in the history of the quadrennial Summer Games , every one of the 204 competing nations at London 2012 is represented by both male and female athletes . World stars such as heptathlete Jessica Ennis , swimming sensation Missy Franklin and sprinting champion Shelley-Ann Fraser-Pryce enjoy media profiles which rival those of their male counterparts . Coupled with the historic decision to allow female athletes from Qatar and Saudi Arabia to compete at the Games for the first time , it shows how far the Olympic movement has come since the Amsterdam Games of 1928 . Food , glorious food : Olympic athletes ' extreme eating habits That was when women were given the chance to become Olympians for the first time . You would think those ground-breaking first champions would be world-renowned for their pioneering efforts . But you would be wrong . Just take the remarkable case of Betty Robinson -- one of the forgotten female heroes of track and field . "  She 's not terribly important anymore , " past president of the International Society of Olympic Historians , Bill Mallon , told CNN . "  She probably had a little bit of influence back then as the first woman to win a gold medal in track and field , but she was very little-known . "  Women 's track and field was not very popular in the U.S. at that time and she did n't get a whole lot of publicity , so she was overshadowed . " Recordbreakers , medals and Phelps : The numbers behind the 2012 Olympics That she is so forgotten is remarkable given her astonishing life . Imagine Usain Bolt had taken up sprinting just four months before his world-record-smashing run at the 2008 Olympics . Now imagine the Jamaican star was just 16 years old when he wowed the world in Beijing , and you begin to get an idea of what American schoolgirl Robinson achieved 84 years ago . Robinson , of Riverdale , Illinois , dashed to 100 meters gold wearing a skirt and vest , an outfit a million miles from the skintight speed suits worn today , in just her sixth competitive race . Yet that victory was just the start of her most extraordinary story . Can Usain Bolt make Olympic history ? In April 1931 , three years after that historic win , Robinson was involved in a plane crash over Chicago . Having being discovered on the roadside by a passerby who took her for dead , Robinson was bundled into the trunk of a car and driven to a mortuary . After the error was eventually spotted , she remained unconscious for seven weeks , but her injuries were so severe she was unable to compete for three and a half years . Even when she returned to the track , the damage to Robinson 's leg meant she was unable to crouch in the starting blocks . No matter . Robinson still managed to run in the 4 x 100m relay at the 1936 Berlin Games . Eight years after bursting onto the Olympic scene , Robinson ran the third leg of the relay for the U.S team , helping them win gold under the watching eye of Adolf Hitler and Germany 's Nazi rulers . The German quartet , which qualified fastest for the final in a world-record time , were disqualified after dropping the baton . For Robinson it was a remarkable rise , fall and rise , made all the more unfathomable when you consider she was only discovered as an athlete when one of her school teachers spotted her running to catch a train . Four track meets and six races later , Robinson was an Olympic champion and a joint world record-holder . "  She ran her first race that we know of in March 1928 , " Mallon said . "  She was a natural talent . She finished second in that race behind U.S. record-holder Helen Filkey . In the second race she ever ran she tied the record for the 100m , which got her to the Olympic trials where she finished second . " Despite her landmark medal , Robinson 's low-key profile was at odds with her achievements both during her life and since her death from cancer in 1999 . The crash which damaged her leg also robbed her of her peak years . When she should have been cementing her position as the world 's fastest woman , Robinson watched other sprinters assume her mantel . "  In 1932 Babe Didrikson  a gold medalist in hurdling and the javelin at the Los Angeles Games of 1932  came in and evolved into the big name and pushed everyone else onto the sidelines , " said Mallon . Robinson 's athletic honors may not have brought her the fame and fortune her modern-day equivalents enjoy , but it did not diminish her passion for the sport she had left such an indelible footprint on . "  She married and raised a family , " Mallon said . "  She stayed involved in track and field with the Amateur Athletics Union in the U.S. doing timekeeping at meets and she did some public speaking as well . " Perhaps Robinson 's relative anonymity is a saddening , if inevitable consequence of the passing of time . "  It 's a shame , " said the American historian . "  In Britain people know about gold medalists like Bradley Wiggins and Steven Redgrave , but I could tell you about athletes from the 1920s or 30s who most of the British public would n't know about . " So when the women 's 100m champion is crowned at the London Games on Saturday , it is unlikely the champion or the vast majority of the 80,000 crowd in the Olympic Stadium will have the faintest idea who Robinson was . But , by crossing the line first in Amsterdam all those years , ago , she guaranteed her place in the history books , even if it 's not on the front page .	Betty Robinson won women 's 100m gold at the 1928 Games in Amsterdam It was the first Olympics where women were allowed to compete Aged 16 , Robinson became the first women 's track and field gold medal winner The Illinois native almost died in a plane crash but returned at 1936 Berlin Games
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- As Saudi women artists , Reem Al Faisal and Lulwah Al Homoud , feel they are fighting against multiple stereotypes . They are caught between conservative attitudes at home and western critics who expect them to address women 's rights in their work . "  They want you to talk about very limited things like sexual oppression , search for identity and if you do n't fit these criteria you 're excluded and you are not considered a good artist , " said Al Faisal . Al Faisal , a photographer , has another reason for being wary of people 's expectations : She is a princess , a granddaughter of the first king of Saudi Arabia . She avoids being photographed or showing her face in interviews to allow her to travel the world anonymously without bodyguards . Her work has taken her to China , Japan , India , Europe , America and all around the Middle East , capturing striking black-and-white photographs of people and landscapes . Al Homoud , a single mother who brought up her two sons in London , creates abstract art , often geometric black-and-white drawings . She said : "  People kind of concentrate on you and give you more attention because you have female Saudi artists , but it 's kind of upsetting because it 's related to stereotype , and I think what we are doing is changing this stereotype . " Her work includes "  infinite square , " in which she uses the word Allah -- the Arabic word for God -- to create geometric shapes and lines connecting the artist to a timeless world unlimited by borders . Al Homoud said : "  I am trying to say that I am not a prisoner of a moment or a place . My work is -- I would say -- eternal . It 's not restricted to an event or an experience or anything . It 's spiritual , it 's higher than senses . " Al Faisal and Al Homoud , along with other Saudi artists , displayed their work at the Nabatt exhibition of modern Saudi artists in Shanghai last year and more recently in Beirut . The position of Saudi women has gained attention worldwide after King Abdullah announced in September that women will in future be allowed to serve as members of the Shura Council , the appointed consultative council that advises the king . He also said women will be allowed to run as candidates and nominate candidates in the next set of municipal elections . They could not participate in municipal elections that were held last month for only the second time in the kingdom 's history . Women are also subject to male guardianship laws , in which they have to seek permission from their husband , father or even son to work , travel , study and many other activities . Saudi women have been campaigning for the right to drive . Last month King Abdullah revoked a flogging sentence of 10 lashes for a woman allegedly arrested for driving a car . Nuha Al Sulaiman , who founded the Saudi Women Revolution earlier this year to campaign for greater rights , welcomed King Abdullah 's announcements but said they did not go far enough . "  We are afraid that it 's not going to happen the way we want it to , " she said . "  Also we think that this decision is good but it 's not enough . " Al Sulaiman said she still wanted to see the end of male guardianship , the introduction of laws to protect women from violence and discrimination , and driving licenses for women . She said : "  We suffer every day . The improvement process is so slow we wish the next step wo n't delay more . "  The king mentioned very impressive and effective words in his speech towards women 's dignity and rights , we hope it 's an obligation to give Saudi women back their dignity step by step . " Al Faisal , too , wants to see an improvement in women 's rights , but believes sometimes the issue of driving has distracted from more important issues . "  I would like to see women in the judiciary system as far more important for me . A car will come naturally if she is a supreme court judge or traveling without a permission . "	Critics expect our work to address women 's rights , says Reem Al Faisal Having women judges is more important than driving , she adds People stereotype us as Saudi women , says artist Lulwah Al-Homoud
CNN  -- So we 're at a point in the campaign where health care reform is about to go on trial at the Supreme Court , unemployment remains high and gas prices are skyrocketing . As for the GOP presidential wannabes , they 're arguing over , um , an Etch A Sketch metaphor bungled by a Mitt Romney staffer .  "  You can kind of shake it up and we start all over again , " Romney senior adviser Eric Fehrnstrom told CNN this week . Sure , the metaphor has a perfection all its own , given Romney 's penchant for redrawing policy lines . It 's just low-hanging fruit , hard to pass up . But the picture of two "  serious " presidential candidates wandering the trail with an old-school toy as a prop can lead to only one conclusion : This is getting silly . The intellectual arguments have been made . The differences have been debated . And the voters are speaking . Sure , they 're conflicted : hard-line conservatives and evangelicals will never love Romney . But Romney has what appears to be an insurmountable delegate lead . He will not sprint across the finish line , to be sure . He will crawl across it . But he will get there nonetheless . If this were another time , the establishment power brokers would step in with a vision . They would take the candidates aside , give them the big-picture analysis from 30,000 feet and say : "  Unite for the sake of the party . " Then they would take to the airwaves and offer their full-throated endorsements , turning their attention to seeking the defeat of President Obama . Â Not happening . Consider this : Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush endorses Romney , but there 's no rally , huge photo op or choreographed endorsement tour . One prominent tea party group says , well , I suppose we can live with Romney if that 's what we have to do . And tea party favorite Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , stops short of endorsing Romney but grudgingly allows that "  I think we all need to look at this presidential primary and encourage the candidates to do a little self-reflection here -- what 's good for our country . " The moves toward Romney have all of the enthusiasm and passion of an arranged marriage . So what can be done ? Answer : Not much . The next moves are up to the candidates . First of all , the old-time power brokers do n't have much to offer anymore . The political power within the GOP has moved away from any organized structure toward two force fields : the populist guy in the street and the rich guys who can write multimillion-dollar checks . The super PACÂ sugar daddies -- simply by virtue of their money -- are the reason the campaigns continue . What 's the incentive for Newt Gingrich to get out as long as Sheldon Adelson , from his perch in Vegas , is willing to keep paying for his political ads ? The same goes for Foster Friess , Santorum 's man , who gets to dabble in politics from his mountain views in Jackson Hole , Wyoming . I bet these fellows have n't had this much fun in years . Meantime , the newly populist GOP grass roots wo n't be told what to do anyway . Party organizations ca n't deliver them anymore , and Romney is n't exactly the guy they were wishing for when the tea party came on the scene in 2010 . The establishment is in disrepute as far as they 're concerned ; those are the people who bungled the economy . "  People feel they can make this decision on their own , " Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole , who has n't yet endorsed , tells me . "  There 's just a lot less party loyalty . ... We are in a period where people are searching . " At some point , though , the search has to end . The money men could get tired of writing checks for fewer and fewer delegates . The math may become overpowering . At some point , the voters will get restless . Yet the final decisions will have to come from the men running . Granted , Gingrich and Santorum do n't like Romney much -- and the longer they run against him , the less they like him . And often with good reason . But here 's the final consideration : "  You do n't want the blame for losing , " Cole says . "  It 's one thing to fight the good fight . ... But look at Romney in 2008 . He knew when to get out . " Yes he did . Romney knew how to end it the right way in 2008 . After Super Tuesday , he saw the handwriting on the wall and embraced John McCain . And there 's a lesson in that : Parties reward the winners , sure . But voters like good losers , too . Knowing how to lose is the hardest part of running . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Borger : GOP candidates are wandering campaign trail with Etch A Sketch toys She says neither Gingrich nor Santorum can win , so why continue ? In 2008 , Romney knew to get out after "  he saw the handwriting on the wall , " she says Borger : Santorum , Gingrich can prolong the race , but would they be blamed for a GOP loss ?
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe this week condemned China 's "  unnecessary escalation " of tensions between the two nations over disputed islets known as Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan . He was referring to two incidents in January when Chinese frigates reportedly locked weapons radar onto a Japanese vessel and a helicopter , a claim China denies . Once fire-control radar is locked on , a missile can be fired at the designated target , generating obvious risks of miscalculation . At best this is a militarized game of tag but one that could , at its worst , spark wider hostilities . When Japan indicated that its jets might fire tracer bullets to warn off Chinese aircraft , a Chinese general responded that Japan should refrain from doing so , as this would be taken as an act of war . In this context , there is good reason to be concerned that Asia is sleepwalking its way towards war . On February 6 , Abe told the country 's parliament , known as the Diet , "  The incident is dangerous conduct that could have led to an unforeseeable situation . It is extremely regrettable that China carried out such a one-sided , provocative act when signs are emerging for dialogue . " He added , "  I ask the Chinese side to return to the spirit of mutually beneficial , strategic relations and prevent the recurrence of an incident like this . I strongly ask them for restraint so that the situation will not escalate further . " The probing has escalated in 2013 as both sides have scrambled jets and patrol boats shadow each other . Given the perilous state of bilateral relations , and recent efforts at fence-mending , why the radar-rattling ? And why did Abe only go public with his concern a week after the latest incident ? The Chinese Foreign Ministry initially seemed curiously unprepared for Abe 's allegations , deflecting questions and suggesting reporters ask the relevant agencies involved . But the spokeswomen did say that Japan should stop conducting "  illegal activities , " meaning the deployment of Japanese ships and jet aircraft in the disputed seas and airspace around the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands . China 's Global Times pugnaciously dismissed Abe 's allegations as a "  self-directed and self-acted farce , " staged in preparation for his visit to Washington later this month . Abe is known to seek closer security cooperation with the U.S. and has stated that he intends to revise the Constitution to ease constraints on the Japanese military . It is not clear how Abe could exploit the incident to sway the Obama administration since it does n't reveal anything about China that Washington does n't already know and worry about . The radar incident may indeed play into Abe 's hands , reminding Japanese that they live in a dangerous neighborhood . But given North Korea 's missile and nuclear testing program , it 's safe to say they already know that . The Japanese media reaction has been predictably outraged , but the Mainichi did point out that China 's actions signal frustration with the Japanese government 's intransigent position of denying that there even is a territorial dispute . Japan knows from experience how frustrating this can be as Russia also maintains there is no territorial dispute regarding what Japan calls the Northern Territories , near Hokkaido . When former premier Yukio Hatoyama recently visited China , he caused a stir at home when he acknowledged that there is a territorial dispute , prompting the defense minister to call him a traitor . So is this merely a case of Abe hyping the dangers poised by China to advance his agenda of constitutional revision ? Or is China upping the ante in a calculated risk ? Probably a bit of both . Revising Japan 's peace constitution is controversial with voters and Abe is eager to gain control of the Upper House of the Diet in summer elections . Since Abe has a lock on security issues , focusing on the China threat has its uses . Equally , Beijing is keen to remind Tokyo that this problem will not go away and that it will continue to press its claim to sovereignty and is willing to take disproportionate risks to pressure Japan into at last acknowledging there is a dispute . In January , a succession of prominent Japanese politicians visited China , signaling a thaw in relations . Natsuo Yamaguchi , head of New Komeito , Abe 's ruling coalition partner , delivered a letter from Abe to Communist Party Chairman Xi Jinping . Xi responded quite positively to Abe 's call for improving relations and a summit . His comments led to a brief toning down of fiery rhetoric in China . The incidents also follow China 's efforts to involve the United Nations in the dispute to determine the validity of its claim that the islands are a natural extension of its continental shelf . The radar-rattling also raises questions about who gave the orders or whether the frigate captains were acting at their own discretion . Monolithic images notwithstanding , this incident underscores the reality that there are various state actors in China with varying agendas . The problem is that the island dispute has become highly politicized in China and the genie of nationalism limits room for maneuver . Emotions run high and in such a context the current dead-end policy is the path of least resistance . Is Asia heading toward war just as Europe did a century ago ? There are also parallels with Japan 's withdrawal from the League of Nations 80 years ago in February 1933 over censure of its occupation of Manchuria and subsequent aggression throughout Asia until its defeat in 1945 . China suffered more than any other country from this rampage . Like China today , Japan felt that the international status quo was biased and denying what it deemed its legitimate aspirations . It decided to modify that status quo by force of arms . History does n't repeat itself , but Mark Twain reminds us that it sometimes rhymes . In 1913 and 1933 , there was a rational expectation that cooler heads would prevail and governments would come to their senses . Asia in 2013 may not be sliding towards war and China and Japan understand how mutually beneficial relations have been , and how much they risk losing , but we also know the folly of assuming risk away . Leadership transitions generate risk because new leaders need to project strength , a need that complicates the compromises necessary to lower bilateral tensions . The zigzagging of diplomacy and confrontation on display highlights that re-shelving the sovereignty issue and managing this dispute wo n't be easy . The increased diplomatic activity is a good sign , and should urgently focus on hammering out a code of conduct in the disputed seas and airspace that can help prevent armed miscalculations . Both nations have already agreed to establish an emergency hotline and it 's now time to get that connected . Let 's hope that the various lessons of 1913 and 1933 are absorbed by all the relevant parties , including Washington , and Asia 's two leading nations wake up before a nightmare descends . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Kingston .	China-Japan tensions escalated after incident between respective navies Kingston : This is a militarized game of tag that could spark wider hostilities Both sides continue to press their claim over the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands Code of conduct in disputed seas could prevent armed miscalculations
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , a senior political contributor for CNN , was political director for President Reagan and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee . Ed Rollins says Jack Kemp 's intellect and force of personality helped guide the Republican party . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The world of politics has many players but few giants . One of the giants left the stage last week . I was privileged to have had Jack Kemp as a friend . Our friendship was not unique , because Jack Kemp had thousands and maybe tens of thousands of people who thought of themselves as his friend . He gave his friendship willingly and with a spirit of generosity . Those of us who knew him are saddened by his passing and the political world is a whole lot emptier because he 's gone . When Jack entered a room he filled it with an energy and fervor and his presence was felt big-time . Every conversation with him became a debate , even if you agreed with him on an issue . Jack Kemp had no casual thoughts . I knew Jack for nearly 40 years . He was one of my early heroes . To this day I think of myself as a Reagan-Kemp Republican . We both were Californians who came out of blue-collar working-class roots . His father was a truck driver , my father a shipyard worker . We both wanted to remake the Republican Party into a party for working people where hard work was rewarded and opportunities were offered to every man and woman regardless of background , color , religion or beliefs . Jack went from a 13-year all-star career as the starting quarterback with the Buffalo Bills straight to Congress . He was first elected in 1970 and over the next four decades he was one of the most influential and popular men in the Republican Party . He was a true intellectual , a vociferous reader and was a warrior for his ideas . He took the intensity that made him the AFL 's most valuable player directly to the halls of Congress without missing a beat . In his 18 years in Congress he was a leader of the new breed of conservatives . After he ran for president in 1988 , he was appointed the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development  HUD  by President George H.W. Bush . In 1996 , he was the Republican vice presidential nominee running with Sen. Bob Dole 's presidential effort . Along the way he was an extraordinary husband for 50 years to his wonderful Joanne and a remarkable father to his two sons , Jeff and Jimmy , and his two daughters , Jennifer and Judith , who provided him 17 grandchildren . I was the national chairman of Jack 's presidential campaign in 1988 . I believed he was the rightful heir to Ronald Reagan and that his conservative principles and ideas would continue to build on the foundation that President Reagan had established . Many of us thought Jack or Sen. Paul Laxalt , Reagan 's closest friend and campaign chairman , should have been the vice presidential candidate in 1980 . If either of them had been selected , he likely would have been the future president and there would not have been a Bush dynasty . They were the favorites of the convention delegates and President Reagan 's top choices , too . He was argued out of them because people said you could n't have a movie star running with a football star -- or two former governors from neighboring states  California and Nevada  . Be that as it may . Jack 's contributions to Ronald Reagan 's legacy as the tax-cutting guru and unstoppable missionary of supply side economics made much of President Reagan 's domestic policy possible . Even though he had always been a quarterback , he became a blocking back for President Reagan in moving his legislation through Congress . Shortly after he became HUD secretary in 1989 , several National Football League team owners came to him offering him the job of National Football League Commissioner to replace his long time friend Pete Rozelle . He told me it was the one job he always wanted . My counsel was to take it . He called me back several days later and said he could n't , because he felt he owed it to President Bush not to walk away after so short a time and that he so wanted to help all those in the urban communities who needed help . Jack was the Republican party 's greatest advocate of a "  big tent theory " and felt the party of Lincoln needed to do more to broaden civil rights and encourage minority participation . He often said he played and showered with more African-Americans then most Republicans meet in a lifetime . They were his friends , and in sports you learn all men bleed the same color . He often repeated the line : "  I was n't there with Rosa Parks or Dr. King or John Lewis . But I am here now , and I am going to yell from the rooftops about what we need to do . " And just as he led his Bills to back to back championships , he drove his party to an ideology that led to the Republican Congressional majorities in the '90s . Like all of us , Jack was n't perfect , but he was darn good . As someone who tried to manage him , I found that he was n't manageable . I once told him : "  Jack , if I could remove half your knowledge and three-quarters of your vocabulary , I could make you into a decent candidate . " He laughed and went on his merry way . And of course it was that incredible intellect and his passion for words as well as people that made him such a powerful force . Jack Kemp was the indefatigable happy warrior , who over the last four decades drove his party with an intellectual fervor that influenced every leader from President Reagan to Speaker Newt Gingrich . He fought for his ideas with an intensity like that of very few men I have known . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Jack Kemp helped guide Republican Party in 1980s and 1990s He says Kemp was a strong source of ideas the party put to use Rollins : Kemp believed in a GOP "  big tent " and encouraged minority participation
CNN  -- Washington state health officials have issued a warning to anyone who may have been in the vicinity of a particular woman at the end of March : You may have been exposed to measles , a highly contagious and potentially fatal respiratory disease . Privacy laws prevent them from showing you the woman 's picture or telling you her name , so they 're trying another tack : they 're telling you where she 's been . The Department of Health posted where she was virtually every hour of the day between March 26 , when she became contagious , and March 29 , so that you can determine whether you are at risk and possibly need medical attention . "  I 've seen it happen pretty regularly when it comes to significant infectious disease circumstances , " agency spokesman Tim Church said Tuesday when asked whether this was a unique approach to quelling a public health crisis before it starts . "  What 's unique is the extent of the schedule this person had while ill , " he told CNN . The 20-something Whatcom County woman did n't seem to be slowed a bit by the infectious disease . She kept a schedule that would be the envy of any healthy bon vivant . On Friday , March 28 , for example , after working from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the at the Lynden Dutch Bakery  home of the "  world 's best scones " according to its website "  , she made a stop at Lynden Wine and Spirits before checking into the Best Western in downtown Seattle at 7:15 p.m. . She then took in the Kings of Leon concert at Key Arena -- about a 20-minute walk from the hotel -- until midnight . She kept the party going at a place called Wasabi Bistro until 3 a.m. before finally heading back to her hotel . The next day was spent traipsing around like an energetic tourist : lunch in Pike Place Market , then south to Tacoma to take in the LeMay car museum and a visit to a place called the Celebrity Cake Studio before bellying up at Harmon Brewing Co. and Eatery in Pierce County . Measles is so highly contagious that you can get it by simply walking into a room where someone with it had been hours before -- which is why her attending the concert is a concern . "  This was n't a local bar , " Church said . "  It was a major concert at a major venue . " Even though most people in Washington state are vaccinated -- 96 % statewide by 6th grade -- Key Arena holds 15,000 people for concerts , signifying the potential for exposure , given some concertgoers may have been from out of state . "  It 's a serious illness , " said Church . "  Measles has a way of finding those who are not vaccinated . " There have been no linked reported cases thus far , according to Church . "  It 's still early . " The department says the woman became contagious with measles on March 26 after visiting a local family member with measles linked to an outbreak in British Columbia . Fraser Health , the health authority in British Columbia , confirms 375 cases of measles as of April 8 . Church would not pinpoint when the woman was diagnosed , only that it occurred between March 29 and April 2 , when the agency posted her schedule online . "  Anyone who was in those locations at the listed times should find out if they have been vaccinated for measles or have had measles previously , " the agency said . Those who are n't and "  develop an illness with fever or unexplained rash should consult a health care professional immediately . " As for the patient , Church says that she is recovering . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Measles patient 's daily schedule published to alert those who may have been exposed 20-something woman went to a bakery , wine shop , concert and bistro in Seattle Health official : "  Measles has a way of finding those who are not vaccinated "
CNN  -- Among science fiction and fantasy , there are a genres and sub-genres : hard science , swords and sorcery , cyberpunk , steampunk , apocalyptic stories , time travel and space opera , just to name a few . Each has its hardcore fans , and rarely do these stories stray from their roots by mixing elements . Someone forgot to mention this to author Adam Christopher . His new novel , "  The Age Atomic , " defies classification as it incorporates elements across the sci-fi and fantasy spectrum . Christopher has let his imagination run wild , with some fantastic results . "  The Age Atomic , " out Tuesday , is a sequel to Christopher 's equally impressive "  Empire State . " Both books take place in New York City as well as its parallel but not quite mirror image , the Empire State , a version of Manhattan that exists in an alternate universe . The two versions of the city are linked together by a fissure , a fiery blue portal that allows characters to travel back and forth between universes . Imagine being able to step into another world and meet a similar but slightly different version of yourself . If you ever watched the show "  Fringe , " you get the idea . Christopher 's "  Empire State " took place in a reimagined 1930s Prohibition-era United States . "  The Age Atomic " picks up in the 1950s . Dwight Eisenhower is president , the communist "  red scare " has swept the nation , and a secretive government group called Atoms for Peace is preparing for war against an unknown enemy . Now there 's trouble in the "  other " New York . The fissure connecting the two worlds has flickered out , and the Empire State is slowly dying . Private eye Rad Bradley is pulled into a secret plot to reboot the fissure , reconnecting the two universes and hopefully saving his version of New York . All this while preventing a transdimensional invasion of killer robots . Did I forget to mention the killer robots ? There are also costumed superheroes and villains , secret agents clad in black suits and a pair of mad scientists . There 's no shortage of plot or action in "  The Age Atomic , " which echoes the pulp sci-fi genres that reached their height in 1930s comic books and noir detective fiction . Christopher grew up in New Zealand watching "  Doctor Who " and listening to the Beatles . He now lives in England , where he 's hard at work on several upcoming projects . He recently talked to CNN about his new novel . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  The Age Atomic " ? Christopher : Even as I was writing "  Empire State , " I knew there were more adventures for the main character , private detective Rad Bradley , to have . I also knew that the world was far larger than what I 'd presented in book one . I 'm a big New York history buff and had collected a whole lot of interesting stuff to use in a new story . As with Judge Crater in "  Empire State , " I found a lot of real-life characters and places to use : Atoms for Peace , Evelyn McHale , The Cloud Club , 125th Street , to name just a few . The nature of the universe also meant I could shuffle forward in time a few years , to the 1950s , which would let me write a different kind of story . If "  Empire State " is from the Golden Age of comic books , then "  The Age Atomic " is the Silver Age , with all the craziness that entails . Throw in some atomic robots , the Red Menace and an electric ghost , and I had my idea ! CNN : This novel and its prequel , "  Empire State , " are both a mix of pulp fiction , detective novel , superhero story , science fiction and fantasy . Was it difficult to blend these genres ? Christopher : Both books were a lot of fun to write , but I never thought about genre or worried about getting everything to fit . I had the story , I had the characters , and it all just came together . It also just happened to have everything I love about science fiction and fantasy jammed together , but I think that 's part of the appeal of "  Empire State . " "  The Age Atomic "  is a little more controlled . Having introduced so many disparate elements in the first book , I could focus on telling a more linear sci-fi story in the second . It 's basically all just science fiction ... or should that be science fantasy ? CNN : You 've said you were a fan of "  Doctor Who " growing up . Does the TV series remain an inspiration and what about other influences ? Christopher : "  Doctor Who " is where my love of science fiction and fantasy started . I was introduced to it when I was 8 , and I 'm still an avid viewer . It still influences me in a way , as the original series  my true love  emphasized the importance of story and character over flashy special effects , which they had to , given the limitations of TV production in the 1960s and 1970s . But I think it taught me some good lessons about storytelling . I read a lot of science fiction , but I also mixed it up with a lot of other genres : crime , literary fiction , as well as nonfiction . Author-wise , I 'm a fan of Stephen King , Lauren Beukes , Robert McCammon , Raymond Chandler , Greg Rucka , Ed Brubaker and Gail Simone , among many others . Comics are a hugely important part of my life , particularly crime and mystery comics  including Criminal , Stumptown , High Crimes  and superhero comics  both the Marvel and DC varieties  . I have to say I prefer television to film . We 're in a bit of a golden age of genre television , I think , with the likes of "  Person of Interest , " "  The Walking Dead , " "  Game of Thrones " and many others . Not to mention an age of great TV writing , period ! Just look at "  Justified , " "  Longmire , " "  Boardwalk Empire , " "  House of Cards . " The old writer 's advice to throw your TV out the window is looking more and more outdated . CNN : You 're originally from New Zealand , now living in the UK and writing about the U.S. Have you tapped into a universal language among sci-fi fans ? Christopher : There are similarities and differences , certainly . New Zealand seems to be somewhere in the middle , culturally , between the UK and the U.S. , which is possibly a useful foundation for me . I think you can tell the difference between British and American science fiction and fantasy , although it 's sometimes not something you can definitively put your finger on . It seems more obvious in other genres like crime . British crime novels are very different to American crime novels , which is a natural divergence , obviously , as crime and mystery are usually set in the here and now , and the UK and U.S. are different places , shared language and experience aside . My own writing has perhaps more of an American flavor than a British one , but that 's because the stories I 've so far written have needed it . "  Empire State , " "  Seven Wonders " and "  The Age Atomic " are all very place-centric , where the setting itself is almost a character . But there is a universality to story that is n't just limited to science fiction . CNN : What 's next ? Will there be a sequel to "  The Age Atomic " ? Christopher : After my next novel for Angry Robot , "  Hang Wire " -- an urban fantasy about ancient gods and serial killers in San Francisco -- comes my first novel from Tor Books , a dark space opera called "  The Burning Dark , " which is about a forgotten war hero , a dead cosmonaut who never existed and a demon from Japanese mythology . That hits in March 2014 . I certainly have more to write in the world of "  Empire State " and "  The Age Atomic , " but it 's a case of "  watch this space " ! Read an excerpt from "  The Age Atomic "	Adam Christopher 's new novel , "  The Age Atomic , " spans the sci-fi and fantasy spectrum The book picks up with Christopher 's previous novel , "  Empire State , " left off Private eye Rad Bradley is pulled into a secret plot to reconnect alternate universes
CNN  -- The boxed set : Criticized for its brick-like presence . Victim of grammatical ineptitude  it 's usually called the "  box set , " which is what ? A collection of boxes ?  . Subject of a hilarious Barenaked Ladies song . And , sometimes , repository of surprise . Yes , in these downloadable times , the CD and DVD boxed set seems quaint , an item for libraries and completists . Will anyone watch the entire run of "  Hogan 's Heroes " ? Is there really enough Big Star material to fill a four-disc collection ? Still , this year saw the release of a number of worthwhile CD and DVD boxed sets . As we head into the final shopping weekend before Christmas , here are a few worth checking out from beginning to end .  Prices listed are full retail , but feel free to shop around . CDs "  Backtracks , " AC/DC  Sony Legacy , 2 CDs and 1 DVD , $ 39.98  AC/DC 's heavy metal hits are well known , but their rarities and certain singles have been the province of hard-core fans -- until now . "  Backtracks " includes a disc of studio obscurities , a disc of live cuts and a DVD of videos .  A special edition , available directly from www.acdcbacktracks.com , is housed in a fully operational amplifier ; it 's $ 179 .  It 's worth banging your head over . "  The Beatles in Mono , " the Beatles  Capitol/EMI , 13 CDs , $ 298.98  The Beatles used to mix the majority of their material twice : once in stereo and once in mono . The latter was actually the preferred form , as many listeners did n't own what used to be called a hi-fi . With the remastering of the Fab Four 's catalog , the original mono mixes are now completely available on CD , in some cases for the first time . It 's an expensive box  and , moreover , the mono albums are n't for sale individually  , but for the hard-core fan , it 's worth it . "  Twelve Nights in Hollywood , " Ella Fitzgerald  Hip-O Select , 4 CDs , $ 69.98  In 1961 and 1962 , Verve Records taped the peerless Ella Fitzgerald at a Los Angeles nightclub . It 's taken just under 50 years , but a healthy sampling of Fitzgerald 's performance is finally available on CD .  An LP released at the time was poorly mastered and sank with little trace .  This was Fitzgerald at her peak , performing songs such as "  Come Rain or Come Shine , " "  Mack the Knife " and  of course  "  Too Darn Hot . " "  Dolly , " Dolly Parton  Sony Legacy , 4 CDs , $ 49.98  If you think Dolly Parton is just "  9 to 5 " and "  Islands in the Stream , " take a listen to this expansive collection of 99 tracks , covering the late '50s through the early '90s . Yes , the later pop hits are here , but the meat of the selection comes from her country years with Porter Wagoner and as a solo act , including "  Coat of Many Colors , " "  Last Thing on My Mind " and "  The Bridge . " And she 's not only a fine singer but a terrific songwriter . "  Woodstock 40 Years On : Back to Yasgur 's Farm "  Rhino , 6 CDs , $ 79.98  This summer marked the 40th anniversary of the world 's most famous rock festival , and though it 's never been hard to find the movie soundtrack albums around , this giant set features much more than those recordings ever did . Though there are key omissions -- Ten Years After is particularly conspicuous -- the music has never sounded better .  For those who want the complete Woodstock experience , a DVD boxed set of the movie is also available . Throw in some mud and brown acid , and you 're practically back in 1969 . DVDs "  AK100 : 25 Films of Akira Kurosawa "  Criterion , 25 DVDs , $ 399.95  Outside of an accompanying book , this monumental box does n't come with many extras . But who needs extras when you have some of the greatest films of the 20th century -- "  Seven Samurai , " "  Rashomon , " "  Throne of Blood " -- by one of the century 's greatest filmmakers ? If you do n't have much Kurosawa in your collection , here 's a place to start . "  Andy Richter Controls the Universe "  Paramount , 3 DVDs , $ 39.98  and "  Andy Barker , P.I. "  Shout ! Factory , 2 DVDs , $ 24.99  After Andy Richter left the role as Conan O'Brien 's sidekick , a spot to which he has returned , he did these two vastly underrated comedies . In "  Universe , " he 's a tech writer who goes on flights of fancy ; in "  Barker "  co-produced by O'Brien  , he 's a CPA mistaken for a private detective . Inspired silliness reigns in both , and it 's too bad neither got enough of an audience for a long run . "  Paul Newman : The Tribute Collection "  20th Century Fox , 17 DVDs , $ 89.98  This collection of Newman films is a decidedly mixed bag -- "  From the Terrace " and "  What a Way to Go ! " are not among his best work -- but it also includes a two-disc "  Hustler , " two-disc "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " and the two-disc edition of perhaps his greatest performance , "  The Verdict . " For those who admire Newman , a nice career overview . "  Thirtysomething : The Complete First Season "  Shout ! Factory , 6 DVDs , $ 59.95  You can see the influence of the prototypical series of the '80s in countless dramas that have followed , from the delicate soundtrack  by W.G. Snuffy Walden  to densely written characters  Aaron Sorkin should pay royalties  . But Marshall Herskovitz 's and Edward Zwick 's show still stands alone for its ability to develop drama from the everyday , without leaning on cops or doctors .  Future seasons saw the arrival of ad exec Miles Drentell , one of the great characters in TV history . "  The Wizard of Oz "  Warner Home Video , 5 DVDs , $ 69.92  and "  Gone With the Wind "  Warner Home Video , 6 DVDs , $ 69.92  Two classic movies from that classic year for movies , 1939 , get lavish 70th-anniversary editions . "  Oz " has a number of new extras from previous editions , including some "  Oz " films from the silent era . "  GWTW " includes art cards , a journal and a book of production art . Both are also available in two-disc versions  as well as Blu-ray  .	Plenty of interesting CD , DVD boxed sets available in time for holidays "  The Beatles in Mono " collects Fab Four 's mono mixes Criterion has a 25-disc Akira Kurosawa collection
CNN  -- If you thought it was difficult managing your own money in 2007 , consider the pressure of the task when you 're dealing with $ 1.8 trillion of client assets . Sallie Krawcheck has made Fortune 's list of the World 's Most Powerful Women every year since 2002 That 's what Sallie Krawcheck does as Chairman and Chief Executive of Citi Global Wealth Management . She joined the banking industry as a research analyst , but quickly rose through the ranks , gaining a reputation for honesty and integrity along the way . Dubbed the "  Mrs Clean " of Wall Street , Ms Krawcheck was credited with restoring investors ' faith in analyst reports while head of retail brokerage firm Smith Barney . She joined Citigroup in 2002 , and spent some time as Chief Financial Officer before taking up her current role in March 2007 . Sallie Krawcheck has been a regular entrant on Fortune 's list of the World 's Most Powerful Women in Business -- in 2007 , she made number 12 . John Defterios caught up with Ms Krawcheck in Dubai . He asked her for her views on the movement of capital outside the G8  Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States  . Sallie Krawcheck  SK  : I think what 's happening right now , it 's fascinating because in the United States and in developed Europe we 're having a liquidity crunch -- someone might argue a liquidity crisis . And in fact , we are awash with liquidity in the Middle East and in Asia as well , so there 's really a bifurcation that 's occurring in the world . And if you think about , oil does n't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is ; even at levels in the 70 's , 60 's , 50 's , 40 's , a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market . Yes , the investments are going up globally , but the governments here really are investing back in the infrastructure and the economies of this region . And so over time , you 're really going to see ... I think continue to see ... a shift in economic activity on a relative basis from the more developed economies here to the Middle East as well as to Asia . John Defterios  JD  : It 's coming almost as a perfect storm ; we have a sub prime crisis , a 20 percent fall in the dollar in the last two years . In this window of time , is there a danger that the financial capitals build outside of Wall Street and it undermines its role ? SK  : I think there is no doubt that New York is losing its status as a financial capital of the world . If you think about some years ago , if you think about the internet bubble for example , where it was New York and California was n't it ? And you look at a whole range of reasons for it , and the sub prime crisis perhaps , the decline of the dollar perhaps . But you have overlapping regulators in the United States , you have very high taxes in the United States , you have a very litigious environment in the United States , and you have the emerging markets coming up , so capital is being raised outside of the United States . These things , some of which are negative for the United States , some of which are positive for the other regions , is accelerating a shift that was underway from New York , to London , to Hong Kong , to Singapore , and potentially to Dubai as well . JD  : Some of the wealth funds are now on the radar of both Wall Street and Capitol Hill in Washington . You ca n't have your cake and eat it too . You ca n't say I want some of that liquidity but I only want part of that liquidity . What is the result of that do you think ? Can you over-regulate the sovereign funds ? SK  : Oh , I think you can over-regulate the sovereign funds . I think the same question can be asked of the private equity funds and the hedge funds as well ; where in a lot of countries the regulators have been struggling with the issue of ` here are very important drivers of global markets and global liquidity ' . And the concern is if , gee these are going to be important going forward , we want to have these involved in our economy and our markets , but if we regulate this alone that money will skitter away to another market -- to a market outside the United States or Europe for example . JD  : It 's fascinating because if you look at Qatar or Egypt or Shanghai , the stock markets have almost had like a one way path ; there 's been some correction here in the Middle East . But what are we likely to see here , stair steps up the ladder with some corrections along the way , or an implosion because of the rapid gains ? SK  : I think you 've got to separate the idea of what 's going on in the real economies and what 's going on in the market places . They move together , but sometimes they separate , they diverge , and they can diverge for a long period of time . If you look at economic growth potential of the Middle East , of Asia , of Latin America , we feel very bullish about this . And I was making the point earlier today , China has been growing at 11 or 12 percent , not for one year or two years , but literally for 30 years . For 30 years it 's been growing at that kind of rate and really can continue as far as the eye can see . So , say the same thing for the Middle East , the growth even at a lower oil price can be significant , but can be high single digit or double digit for some foreseeable period going forward . JD  : Is Wall Street , or for that matter , London or any other financial center ready for a woman -- for example in your case , 1.4 trillion dollars of assets ... SK  : 1.8 Thank you ... JD  : ... to run one of the major money center banks of the world ? I 'm sure you 're feeling this pressure even though you 're young by international standards . Are we ready for a woman to take over a money center bank ? SK  : Well it looks like the United States may be ready for a woman to take over as President . So I think if we 're ready to potentially have a woman run the country , I think we are getting ready as a country , to potentially have a woman run a money center bank . Now , you know , the board would n't ask and I would n't accept , but if you look across Wall Street , there are a few women who are putting themselves in positions to be successors the next time there are CEO 's who move along , and I think it 's a very exciting development for the industry and for the country . Have your say . Email us at mme@cnn.com, or send an i-report . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with Sallie Krawcheck , boss of Citi Global Wealth Management Ranked by Fortune magazine as World 's 12th Most Powerful Woman in 2007 Manages client assets worth $ 1.8 trillion , formerly bank 's CFO Tells MME : "  we 're very bullish " on economic potential of the Middle East
