CNN  -- Bayer Leverkusen reclaimed top spot in the Bundesliga from Bayern Munich with a 2-2 draw at Werder Bremen to extend their unbeaten run to a record equaling 23 games . Eren Derdiyok gave Leverkusen the lead in the 29th minute , but Claudio Pizarro equalized for the home side five minutes later . Toni Kroos put Leverkusen ahead again in the 57th minute only for Per Mertesacker to salvage a draw for Bremen in injury time . The late goal meant Bayer failed to take full advantage of Bayern Munich 's 1-1 draw at Nuremberg on Saturday , but they go ahead of the Bavarian giants on goal difference . Bayer 's coach Jupp Heynckes was a member of the Bayern Munich team in the 1988 - 89 season which also went 23 games unbeaten in the Bundesliga . Prolific Swiss star Derdiyok put the visitors ahead with a superb free kick which eluded Tim Wiese in the Bremen goal . But German international goalkeeper Rene Adler blundered to enable Werder to level as he allowed a free kick to slip through his hands and Peruvian star Pizarro accepted the invitation to score from close range . A fine strike from outside the area gave Kroos his ninth of the season and the league leaders might have added to their tally before in stoppage time Mertesacker headed the equalizer from a Marko Marin cross . In other matches on Sunday , coach Felix Magath 's return to reigning champions Wolfsburg saw new side Schalke slip to a 2-1 defeat to lose ground in the title race . The third-placers took the lead through Kevin Kuranyi on the half-hour mark , but in the 71st minute Grafite headed the equalizer for Wolfsburg . And it was Grafite who scored the winner six minutes from time . In a relegation battle , bottom club Hertha Berlin beat fellow strugglers Freiburg 3-0 with Brazilian Cicero scoring twice .	Bayer Leverkusen go top again in Bundesliga after 2-2 away draw at Werder Bremen It gives then a record equaling unbeaten run of 23 games in German top flight Third-placed Schalke slip back after losing 2-1 at Wolfsburg
Washington  CNN  -- The government of Saudi Arabia expressed concerns about American security regulations that included Saudis in a list of nationalities that warranted additional screening at airports . Transportation Security Administration regulations included the kingdom in a "  limited group of countries for additional airport screening " adopted in the aftermath of the attempted airline bombing December 25 , according to a cable published by WikiLeaks . Deputy Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Torki Al-Saud Al-Kabir raised the issue in a meeting with Jeffrey D. Feltman , assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs , according to a January State Department cable published by WikiLeaks . According to TSA regulations passed January 3 in the aftermath of the failed terrorist attack , citizens and travelers from 14 countries would get enhanced screening when they fly to the United States , possibly including full-body pat-downs , carry-on bag searches , full-body scans and explosive detection swabs . The countries on the list include those officially designated as supporters of terrorism -- Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria -- as well as other countries of interest , including Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen . Torki told Feltman that the issue had caused "  a lot of difficulties and embarrassment for Saudi Arabia , " to the point that Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al-Faisal would raise the issue himself with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at a meeting in London , England , the next day . According to the cable , Torki said that the issue was not the regulation itself but the kingdom 's "  inclusion on the list with the likes of Cuba , which causes Saudi Arabia 's friends and enemies to question how strong its bilateral relationship with the United States really is . " He also noted the difficulty of explaining this policy to Saudis , considering that the flights would not have originated in the kingdom while other countries with recent terrorist incidents on airplanes -- he identifies the United Kingdom , Egypt and Turkey , according to the document -- are not included in this group . Torki noted that although the provisions were only temporary , Saudi Arabia wanted to know how and when they would be amended . The cable also points out that he implied "  the longer they remained in effect without any public explanation from the -LSB- United States government -RSB- , the more it was likely to prompt the Saudi Government to re-evaluate areas of cooperation , including counter-terrorism cooperation . " Feltman promised to "  convey the spirit and strength of the message " and welcomed "  any specific Saudi suggestions to address the security gap regarding nonmetallic explosives exploited in the December 25 incident . " The TSA updated its guidance in April , noting that travelers coming into the United States from abroad might notice enhanced screening and security measures , regardless of country of origin . This new guidance would apply to all countries and "  supersede " the list of 14 countries that offended the Saudis , which the TSA described as "  an emergency measure . " On the WikiLeaks documents ' release , Osama Nogali , the spokesman for the Saudi foreign minister , said that "  these documents do not concern the kingdom of Saudi Arabia nor the kingdom has any role in producing them , nor is it aware of its authenticity . Therefore Saudi Arabia can not comment on them , however , the policies and positions of the kingdom have always been clear . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	Saudis were on a list of nationalities warranting additional airport screening Prince discussed the matter with assistant secretary of state He says Saudi government could be prompted to rethink its counterterrorism cooperation
The former spokesman for late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi denied a report Saturday that he was captured by Libyan special forces , saying in an audio message that he is not even in the country . Moussa Ibrahim said the report was simply an attempt to distract people from the government 's alleged crimes in the city of Bani Walid , a former Gadhafi stronghold that has been the scene of clashes in recent days . Ibrahim was captured in the town of Tarhouna and that he was being taken to the capital of Tripoli , 40 miles to the north , according to the prime minister 's media office . Two sources close to Ibrahim told CNN in recent months that the former Gadhafi spokesman was not in Libya , and Ibrahim said the same in the seven-minute video posted to his Facebook page late Saturday . "  We are currently outside of Libya and we have no communication with Bani Walid , " Ibrahim said in Arabic . "  We are not even close to Bani Walid . " It is the second time this month that Ibrahim has denied a government report of his capture . Official sources also said Saturday that one of Gadhafi 's sons , Khamis Gadhafi , was killed after fighting in Bani Walid . Later , Libya Deputy Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur tweeted : "  I apologize for reporting the news of Moussa Ibrahim 's capture and the death of Khamis Gadhafi , although I was informed of this by official sources it was not definitively confirmed . " News of his Khamis Gadhafi 's death prompted thousands of residents in Tripoli to go out on the streets to celebrate , the state-run Libyan Arab News Agency reported . Omar Hmaidan , the spokesman for the General National Congress , said Khamis Gadhafi was captured in the Bani Walid clashes and injured , and that he died after being taken to a hospital in Misrata , about 60 miles away . Libya 's deputy prime minister , Mustafa AbuShagur , said Khamis Gadhafi was killed in Bani Walid and that his body now lies in a Misrata hospital . Khamis Gadhafi 's death could not be independently confirmed , however . There were no images of his capture or death , and he was already reported to have been killed in August last year in a battle with rebel forces between Tarhouna and Bani Walid . Moammar Gadhafi was killed a year ago after he was shot in the head while being captured by rebel forces in his hometown of Sirte , Libya . His dictatorship lasted 42 years . The current clashes in Bani Walid have been going on since Wednesday between army troops and pro-government militias circling the city and anti-government fighters inside . As fighting intensified Saturday , those in Bani Walid reported a worsening humanitarian situation , with at least 20 people , including women and children , killed and 75 people wounded . Local spokespeople also said shelling destroyed 40 homes . Outside the city , 22 members of the Libyan national army and a pro-government militia were killed in the fighting Saturday and 200 others were wounded , some critically , medical sources in Misrata told CNN . The head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya expressed his concern Saturday about the developments and the growing civilian casualties from reported indiscriminate shelling . Tarek Mitri also said a mediated settlement is urgently needed . The Bani Walid fighting stems from the death of a Libyan revolutionary fighter credited with capturing Moammar Gadhafi in October last year . The fighter , Omran Shaaban , and two others were kidnapped near Bani Walid in July . He was released two months later , at which point he was in bad physical shape ; despite being transferred to a hospital in France , Shaaban died September 24 of the effects of gunshot wounds . The day after his death , the General National Congress authorized the government to arrest those responsible for his kidnapping and torture and to use force if necessary . The National Congress also called for the release of others being detained in Bani Walid , giving those in the city 10 days to comply . Army troops and militias surrounded Bani Walid more than two weeks ago , waiting for orders to enter if they did n't receive a list of those wanted for Shaaban 's kidnapping and death . One of the pro-government militias outside the city -- a faction from Misrata , which has a long-standing rivalry with Bani Walid -- managed to take positions overlooking the city early Wednesday . But they then shelled the city , killing seven and wounding about 100 others , according to a spokesman for the Bani Walid fighters . Those fighters responded with mortar rounds that killed four rivals , Misrata medical sources said .	Libyan deputy PM tweets apology for reporting misinformation At least 42 people from both sides are reported killed in the Bani Walid clashes Gadhafi 's spokesman says he is not even inside the country Ibrahim says the report is to distract people from the Bani Walid fighting
CNN  -- Bubbly water and politics have n't mixed well for Hollywood actor Scarlett Johansson . After recovering from a kerfuffle over a Super Bowl ad she appears in , she suffered a painful blow over it Thursday . Her starring role in the campaign for a machine that puts the fizz into water and soft drinks cost her her starring role as the public face of the charity Oxfam . Although she officially resigned , the poverty-fighting organization says her representation of the company that makes the machines is a conflict of interests . Oxfam and human rights activists accuse Israeli company SodaStream of manufacturing its product in Jewish settlements in the impoverished Palestinian territories . They view this as an exploitation of Palestinians and their resources . "  Oxfam believes that businesses , such as SodaStream , that operate in settlements further the ongoing poverty and denial of rights of the Palestinian communities that we work to support , " the poverty fighters said in a prepared statement . "  Oxfam is opposed to all trade from Israeli settlements , which are illegal under international law . " On its website , the company says it manufactures on the West Bank , as well as in Israel , Germany , Sweden , the United States , Australia , South Africa and China . Calls to SodaStream 's headquarters were not answered Thursday . It touts its products as ecologically friendly , as they help consumers avoid buying plastic soda bottles . Johansson has been nominated for at least three Golden Globes and currently stars as the voice of a computer app in the popular feature film "  Her , " according to her IMDb profile . She also has Jewish roots . For eight years , Johansson publicly advanced Oxfam 's work for survivors of calamities from Sri Lanka to the Philippines . Oxfam thanked her for her service . The previous snag Johansson hit with the ad came from television network Fox , but was quickly fixed . Fox , which will broadcast the Super Bowl on Sunday , nixed Johansson 's ad , which was slotted to run during the sporting mega-event . In it , Johansson dissed competitors Coke and Pepsi , which left Fox feeling uncomfortable . SodaStream made sure the mention quickly hit the cutting room floor for the Super Bowl version , but it has retained the jab in its online version of the ad . CNN 's Aaron Smith contributed to this report .	Johansson stars in an ad for soda machine maker SodaStream Oxfam accuses SodaStream of manufacturing in Jewish settlements on the West Bank The company says it manufactures on the West Bank Johansson 's Super Bowl ad for SodaStream hit a previous snag with Fox network
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Sears Tower is history . As of Thursday , the iconic Chicago , Illinois , skyscraper is now named Willis Tower . It still looks the same , but Sears Tower in Chicago , Illinois , will have a new name : Willis Tower . At least that 's what the owners of the 110-story skyscraper now call it after its new main tenant , the London , England-based insurance broker Willis Group Holdings . However , there are plenty of people who refuse to call it that . More than 90,000 people have joined the group "  People Against the Sears Tower Name Change , " on the social networking Web site Facebook . "  This name change is absurd , " one member wrote . "  Would Paris change the name of the Eiffel Tower ? Or London change Buckingham Palace ? Or New York , the Statue of Liberty ? I believe the Illinois Congress needs to proclaim the Sears Tower a recognizable landmark that is known all over the world by people who have traveled to Chicago . " The group has gathered more than 34,000 signatures on an online petition against the name change . The name change seemed to be a fait accompli , though . A renaming ceremony was scheduled for Thursday with Chicago Mayor Richard Daley . The skyscraper 's Web site also features the new name . Watch sky-high perspective of tower " "  Having our name associated with Chicago 's most iconic structure underscores our commitment to this great city , and recognizes Chicago 's importance as a major financial hub and international business center , " Willis CEO and Chairman Joseph J. Plumeri said in a news release . The landmark opened in 1973 with its original occupant , Sears Roebuck & Co. . The retailing giant has since moved its headquarters to suburban Chicago . That does n't matter to those against the name change . "  I asked a cabdriver to take me to the Willis tower . He said , ` Where the hell is that ? ' " a member of the Facebook group wrote . "  That pretty much sums it up . No one will start calling it the Willis Tower . "	Chicago 's Sears Tower renamed Willis Tower after London insurance broker Thousands join online group opposing building 's name change Landmark opened in 1973 with original tenant Sears Roebuck & Co. .
The windmilling fists and stomping feet rain down blows on the 13-year-old boy . Trapped on the floor between the bus seats , he cries out as he receives fierce punch after vicious kick from the three bigger , older youths . As the relentless assault unfolds , the driver of the Florida school bus alerts the dispatcher , pleading for aid . But he does n't physically step in to help . The bus driver , at least according to his school 's policy , did nothing wrong . The attack took place July 9 in Pinellas County , Florida . But the horrific cell phone video -- and the surveillance video -- came out only recently . As the boy is pummeled , the bus driver , John Moody , yells at the assailants to leave the boy alone . He also asks dispatchers to send help . "  You got ta get somebody here quick , quick , quick , quick , " he says . "  They 're about to beat this boy to death over here . " "  Please get somebody here quick . There 's still doing it , " he adds . "  There 's nothing I can do . " ` Like a bad dream ' Moody , 64 , said on CNN 's Piers Morgan Live that he was calling for help on his radio , as school policy required . "  Me jumping in the middle of that fight with three boys , it would have been more dangerous for other students on the bus for as myself , " he said . "  There 's just no telling what might have happened . " Earlier , he told CNN affiliate WFLA he was "  in shock " and "  petrified . " And he told CNN that watching the video is "  like a bad dream . " "  I took it really personal . I had many sleepless nights . I had nightmares , " he said . Moody retired two weeks after the attack , after 18 years driving buses . The fight was "  the final straw -- and it was a big straw , too , " he said . Police say the youths attacked the 13-year-old after he told officials at their dropout prevention school that one of them had tried to sell him drugs . The ferocity of the attack left the victim with two black eyes and a broken arm . Could your child be a bully ? Criticism , but no basis for charges Gulfport Police Chief Robert Vincent told WFLA that Moody should have stepped in . "  There was clearly an opportunity for him to intervene and or check on the welfare of the children or the child in this case , and he did n't make any effort to do so , " Vincent said . But prosecutors say they have no grounds on which to bring charges . "  It was n't like he was looking out the window cleaning his fingernails or something like that , " said Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett , according to CNN affiliate WFLA . In 2012 : New York teen says bullies beat and blinded him According to Pinellas County school policy , the bus driver is n't required to intervene , only to call dispatch . He can step in , if he feels it 's safe . Police said Moody could have given first aid to the victim after the attackers jumped off the bus , but Bartlett said the 13-year-old did n't hang around . "  The kid gets up and skedaddles out the door , " he said . Outrageous moments caught on camera Other counties actually forbid drivers from physically stopping fights . And Moody 's lawyer , Frank McDermott , said the complaints about Moody are unfair . Other students "  would have been put in huge danger had he tried to physically intervene , " McDermott said . And he said "  a lot of attention " should be focused on school administrators , whom he suggested could have done more to prevent the beating . "  School officials let these two boys back on the bus , or let them on the bus , and Mr. Moody had no idea what had happened at the school , " McDermott said .	Bus driver says intervening would have made things worse An attack in Florida by three 15-year-olds left a 13-year-old boy with a broken arm The driver called for help and told the attackers to leave the boy alone But local police suggest he could have done more
Mexico City  CNN  -- The new U.S. push for immigration reform is drawing praise -- but some skepticism -- south of the border . Mexico 's foreign ministry said Tuesday that it "  welcomes the principles that have been set out " in U.S. President Barack Obama 's remarks calling for immigration reform , and the proposal presented Monday by a bipartisan group of U.S. senators . A Mexican lawmaker told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that U.S. politicians were proposing a plan that would help millions of undocumented immigrants in the United States -- nearly 60 % of whom are Mexican , according to government estimates . "  It 's a real reform " and a significant step , said Sen. Marcela Guerra of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party . The Mexican government has n't weighed in on specific details in this week 's proposal from eight U.S. senators , a plan that would give undocumented immigrants immediate but provisional legal status to live and work in America , and eventually allow them to apply for green cards . But there are an estimated 6.8 million undocumented immigrants from Mexico living in the United States who could benefit from such an overhaul of the U.S. immigration system . And that 's a statistic that is n't lost on Mexican officials , who have been pushing for changes in U.S. immigration policies for years . In legal briefs and public speeches , they 've argued against racial profiling they said would be fostered by U.S. state immigration laws and called for changes in federal laws to bring millions of undocumented immigrants out of the shadows . ` At last , the U.S. government is taking notice ' The fresh possibility of immigration reform in the United States has made headlines in Mexico 's leading newspapers this week . In the central Mexican city of Atlixco , where many residents have family members living in the United States , proposals to change U.S. immigration policies were hailed as a positive step . "  It 's good news , " said Rene Velasquez , who watched a Spanish translation on Mexican television of Obama 's Tuesday speech . "  At last , the U.S. government is taking notice of this problem that is important for their country and ours . " Eduardo Palacios , who came back to Atlixco to run a pizza restaurant after working as an immigrant in the United States , said he was happy to hear that change could be coming . "  I 'm glad immigrants may be able to fix their documents , " he said , "  because many die on the border or suffer a lot . " In Mexico 's capital , the new push for immigration reform in the United States was met with some skepticism . "  It is possibly a waste of time . I do n't see it succeeding , " said Luis Gonzalez , an accountant . "  There is no compassion , and we need to work much more diplomatically . " Nancy Perez , director of the Mexico-based immigrant rights organization Sin Fronteras  Without Borders  , cautioned against high expectations for reform based on recent comments from U.S. politicians . "  These are the first steps , " she said , adding that what the government does will speak volumes . "  We find contradictions in the willingness expressed publicly and the concrete actions of the government , " she said , noting that deportations from the United States have increased in recent years . Mexico 's foreign ministry noted Tuesday that the push for immigration policy changes seemed to be gaining momentum . "  The priority of protecting the rights of individuals , regardless of their migratory status , has been rightly included at the center of this debate , " the foreign ministry said in a written statement . While the issue is an internal U.S. political matter , the foreign ministry said , it concerns millions who live in Mexico and in other countries . "  Because of this , the Mexican government will continue respectfully promoting an informed debate of the many dimensions of this topic , and protecting the rights of its citizens abroad , " the foreign ministry said . Advocating for migrants , pushing for change The Mexican government has n't shied away from pushing for changes in U.S. immigration laws in the past . In recent years , Mexico has filed friend-of-the-court briefs in lawsuits challenging state measures aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration in Arizona and Alabama , arguing that the measures would lead to profiling and violate the human rights of Mexican nationals . And Mexico 's foreign ministry has sharply condemned what it has called "  disproportionate use of lethal force in the exercising of immigration control functions " by U.S. Border Patrol agents . Shortly after he was named as Mexico 's new ambassador to the United States earlier this month , Eduardo Medina Mora said the issue of immigration reform was of "  great interest " to the Mexican government , while noting that it was a complicated political issue in the United States . "  This is an issue on the internal political agenda of the United States . It is not an issue on the bilateral agenda . Nonetheless we have a very great interest , an unavoidable responsibility to defend the interests of our fellow citizens and to promote an argument that increases opportunities for them , " Medina Mora told reporters . For more than a decade , the Mexican government has played an active role advocating for millions of migrants abroad . Shortly after taking office in 2000 , then-President Vicente Fox met with migrants in his official residence and soon created a Cabinet-level position dedicated to Mexicans who were living in other countries . During his administration , Mexicans won the right to vote abroad in 2005 after a hard-fought legislative campaign . And Mexican government officials have created matching programs aimed at using the money Mexicans sent home to fund public works projects south of the U.S.-Mexico border . It 's a significant shift in a country where emigrants were once treated as traitors abandoning their homeland . Now , it 's common for Mexican officials to acknowledge emigrants ' contributions , and to advocate on their behalf . In a visit to the White House last year , Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said he supported Obama 's push for immigration reform . "  More than demanding what you should do , I do want to tell you that we want to contribute , " he said . "  We really want to participate and we want to contribute toward the accomplishment , so we can participate in the betterment and well-being of so many people who live in your country . " Rey Rodriguez reported from Mexico City . Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Parker contributed to this report from Atlixco , Mexico .	"  It 's a real reform " and a significant step , one Mexican senator says Mexico 's foreign ministry says it welcomes the new push for immigration reform In Mexico City , U.S. immigration reform proposals are met with mixed reactions Mexico says it 's committed to "  protecting the rights of its citizens abroad "
CNN  -- NASA plans to launch next week the first of 17 planned flights to study changes in Antarctic ice and collect data that may help scientists better predict the consequences of those changes , officials said Thursday . Antarctica 's Larsen Ice Shelf , viewed from NASA 's DC-8 aircraft in 2004 , is one target of the 2009 operation . The first flight over the Antarctic is planned to take off October 15 from Punta Arenas , Chile , according to a NASA statement and scientists involved in the project . The flights are part of "  Operation Ice Bridge , " a six-year plan described as the largest ever airborne survey of ice at Earth 's poles . "  We have operated in Antarctica a few times previously ... but these surveys barely scratched the surface , " William Krabill of NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility told reporters on a conference call Thursday . The flights will be conducted by a DC-8 outfitted as a special airborne laboratory with laser mapping instruments , ice-penetrating radar and gravity instruments . The flights will be able to gather information that a satellite can not . "  The problem with satellites is , we ca n't see through the ice sheet with satellites , " said Robin Bell , a scientist at Columbia University 's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory who also is involved in the project . She said the technology carried on the plane will provide researchers a chance to address questions regarding why the ice sheet is changing . "  We really want to know how much water is under the ice sheet , " she said . The technology will allow scientists to detect that water and see how much is present under the ice . That information , according to the NASA statement , can help predict how changes in the ice sheet will contribute to a potential global rise in sea levels . But officials said the flights also will serve as a partial replacement for one satellite : NASA 's Ice , Cloud and Land Elevation Satellite , known as ICESat . The current ICESat has been in orbit since 2003 and is nearing the end of its lifetime . The next satellite , ICESat-II , is scheduled to launch in 2014 at the earliest . Without the flight measurements , "  we would be blind " to changes in the ice sheet , said the mission leader , Seelye Martin of the University of Washington in Seattle . He also was on Thursday 's call . In the NASA statement , Tom Wagner , cryosphere program manager at NASA headquarters , said , "  A remarkable change is happening on Earth , truly one of the biggest changes in environmental conditions since the end of the ice age . It 's not an easy thing to observe , let alone predict what might happen next . Studies like ` Ice Bridge ' are key . " "  Cryosphere " refers to the regions of the Earth 's surface where ice predominates . Because flights can not cover the entire Antarctic continent , scientists have selected key sites to study that are most prone to change , NASA said . "  Sea ice measurements will be collected from the Amundsen Sea , where local warming suggests the ice may be thinning , " the statement said . "  Ice sheet and glacier studies will be flown over the Antarctic Peninsula and West Antarctica , including Pine Island Glacier , an area scientists believe could undergo rapid changes . "	First flight over Antarctic scheduled to take off October 15 from Punta Arenas , Chile Technology onboard will help answer why the ice sheet is changing Data will help predict how changes might contribute to a global rise in sea levels
CNN  -- Olympic hero Michael Phelps was suspended from competitive swimming for three months on Thursday -- just hours after one of his sponsors announced it would not renew his contract after a photo surfaced of him smoking from a bong . Michael Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " after a photo of him smoking from a bong was published . USA Swimming , the nation 's governing body for competitive swimming , said it was withdrawing financial support for Phelps and barring him from competition during the period of his "  reprimand . " "  This is not a situation where any anti-doping rule was violated , but we decided to send a strong message to Michael because he disappointed so many people , particularly the hundreds of thousands of USA Swimming-member kids who look up to him as a role model and a hero , " they said in a statement . "  Michael has voluntarily accepted this reprimand and has committed to earn back our trust , " the statement continued . Earlier Thursday , Kellogg Co. said it will not renew Phelps ' advertising contract . "  Michael 's most recent behavior is not consistent with the image of Kellogg , " company spokeswoman Susanne Norwitz said . "  His contract expires at the end of February , and we have made a decision not to extend his contract . " Norwitz said Kellogg 's relationship with Phelps began with the company 's support of the U.S. Olympic team . Kellogg did not renew its sponsorship of the team when it expired in December , she said . Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " on Sunday after a British newspaper published the photograph . The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina in Columbia . The Richland County , South Carolina , sheriff 's office said Tuesday it was investigating whether Phelps smoked marijuana on the school campus , adding it would file criminal charges if it determined he did . Both university police and Columbia , South Carolina , police said they would not pursue charges , according to The State newspaper in Columbia . It was unclear where the party took place , the paper said , or whether it was on campus . On Thursday , before the decisions by USA Swimming and Kellogg were announced , Phelps told CNN affiliate WBAL that the incident was a result of "  bad judgment . " Watch Phelps ' comments to WBAL " "  I can learn from it and try to make my life better than it has been in the past , " he told WBAL . "  I think it 's hard to really be ready for any of this . But I 've actually been able to talk to a lot of people , and lot of people that have been in my shoes in other sports , and I 've been able to get their perspective and just talk to them a little bit , and that 's been helpful over the last few days , " Phelps said . In a statement released Sunday , Phelps , who won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , said : "  I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment . " "  I 'm 23 years old , and despite the successes I have had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner that people have come to expect from me , " he said . "  For this , I am sorry . I promise my fans and the public -- it will not happen again . " iReport.com : Should Phelps have been suspended ? The U.S. Olympic Committee also issued a statement that said in part : "  Michael has acknowledged that he made a mistake and apologized for his actions . We are confident that , going forward , Michael will consistently set the kind of example we all expect from a great Olympic champion . " In 2004 , Phelps was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . Phelps is one of 12 Olympic athletes who pledged to "  My Victory , " an initiative launched last year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency aimed at keeping competitive sports clean .	USA Swimming suspends Michael Phelps from competition for three months Kellogg Co. says it wo n't renew its sponsorship of Phelps Announcements follow publication of photo showing Phelps smoking from bong Sheriff 's office says it is investigating whether Phelps smoked marijuana
Ars Technica  -- After months of rumor roundups and speculation , Apple 's iPad mini has finally been announced -- and the 7-inch tablet market has just heated up . This growing product category now has more to offer than Android devices with differing UI skins and varying components -- or that BlackBerry PlayBook that 's not selling too hot . That 's not to say that Apple 's entrance into the mini-tablet game is solely what 's fueling the fire . Up until now , only the first-generation Kindle Fire and the recently launched Google Nexus 7 were considered worthy buys . Add the iPad mini to the mix , and this particular product category has a little more steam . But not everyone wants a $ 329 iPad mini , and there are certainly other 7-inch tablets that are worthy options . Or not , depending on your specific needs . To help you out , we 've put together this roundup of 7-inch tablets that are slated to arrive soon or are already available for purchase . If you 're the "  TL ; DR " type , scroll down to the bottom and check out the comparison chart for a quick cheat sheet . Google Nexus 7 Google 's flagship Nexus 7 tablet has done well by our standards and it 's quite a deal at $ 200 . Built on the internals of the Asus Memo 370 , the tablet has a 1280 × 800 IPS display with 226ppi , a 1.3 GHz Tegra 3 quad-core processor , 1GB of RAM , up to 16GB of internal storage  with a rumored 32GB model on its way  , and a 1.3 MP front-facing camera . It also comes with a stock version of Android 4.1 Jelly Bean , and because it 's Google-backed , it 's ensured that it will be supported for future Android updates . Our benchmarks show that it 's one of the speediest 7-inch tablets currently available . Kindle Fire HD The first iteration of the Kindle Fire did exceedingly well , but its successor has left a bit to be desired . The Kindle Fire HD , priced at $ 199  or $ 214 for the ad-free version  , comes with a 1.3 GHz dual-core OMAP-4460 processor , 1GB of RAM , and a 1280 × 800 display -- the same resolution as Google 's Nexus 7 . It comes preloaded with Amazon 's Appstore , which has limited offerings compared to the Google Play store , and it runs a custom version of Ice Cream Sandwich , an Android version behind its major competitors . This device is best suited for those who devour e-books or are especially invested in the Amazon ecosystem . Nook HD Barnes & Noble is slated to update its Nook tablet this holiday season ; the device will be available for preorder for $ 199 beginning November 1 . The Nook HD includes a 1440 × 900 resolution and a 243ppi display -- putting it within a stone 's throw of the 4G iPad 's 264ppi Retina display -- and is fueled by a 1.2 GHz dual-core OMAP 4470 processor . Like the Kindle Fire HD , it will also come with its own skinned version of Ice Cream Sandwich , and will be best suited for committed consumers of the Barnes and Noble e-book store . However , it 's important to note that unlike Amazon 's Kindle Fire HD , Barnes and Noble 's Nook HD will not require the extra $ 15 to enjoy it without advertisements . Acer Iconia Tab A110 Acer is n't new to the tablet game . Its Iconia Tab series includes the 10.1-inch A500 and A700 tablets , but the A110 marks the company 's second foray into the 7-inch product category . The A110 will come with a Tegra 3 processor and run Android 4.1 Jelly Bean , though it will be limited to a 1024 × 600 display -- a major fumble in a tablet world overrun by competing devices with higher resolution displays . It also features a microSD expansion slot and micro-HDMI , but for $ 229 -- one of the more costly of the 7-inch tablets in this roundup -- the A110 will need to offer a lot more than expandable storage to stay a player in the game . iPad Mini The iPad now comes in a 7.9-inch "  mini " flavor , which makes it one of the largest of the mini-tablets . It 's got all the aesthetics of its 9.7-inch counterpart , though it 's limited by its non-Retina 1024 × 768 display . The iPad mini is also incredibly thin -- just 7.2 mm thin , 23 % thinner than the iPad . If you 're already a faithful Apple user , you wo n't have to leave the ecosystem . It comes in different flavors  16GB for $ 329 , 32GB for $ 429 , and 64GB for $ 519  , so onboard storage is n't an issue , and you can purchase an LTE-capable model for $ 130 more -- a feature that a majority of the tablets featured in this round-up do not offer . But the $ 329 base price is significantly higher than the competition , and the 1024x768 display resolution is n't much better than the Acer Iconia and pales in comparison to that of the Nook HD 's 1440x900 and the 1280x800 Nexus 7 and Kindle Fire HD . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Apple 's iPad Mini joins the 7-inch tablet market Amazon 's Kindle Fire HD , Google 's Nexus 7 are among current leaders Apple 's display screen is bigger than the others , but $ 329 price tag is bigger , too
A man who pleaded guilty to sex crimes against children and was featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt " is dead , U.S. Marshals in Texas said Monday . Law enforcement credited the media for keeping the case out front -- and an Austin Labrador retriever who found the convict 's skull in a field and brought it back home . The dog brought the skull back home in September and its owner contacted authorities , who have worked since then to determine if the remains were that of fugitive Kevin Patrick Stoeser . DNA tests recently confirmed that . "  We owe her a box of dog bones , " U.S. Marshal Robert R. Almonte said , gesturing toward the dog and his owner , who were at the press conference . See more on Stoeser from "  The Hunt " Stoeser , a U.S. soldier who was dishonorably discharged , pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars . While he was on supervised probation at a halfway house in 2011 , Stoeser was returned to prison after engaging in electronic communications with underage girls . In August 2013 , Stoeser was transferred to the Austin Transitional Center , a halfway house in Texas . Two months later , staff members allegedly caught Stoeser using a smart phone which had images of underage children , authorities said Monday . When confronted , Stoeser ran through an emergency door at the facility . Stoeser was on the U.S. Marshals top 15 most wanted list . Authorities said Monday it 's unclear when he died , or how . No other remains have been found , they said . Remains of another suspect featured on the "  The Hunt " were also found earlier this year , and another suspect who was profiled on the show was killed in a gunbattle with authorities . In August , the remains of Shane Miller were found in California . Miller was the prime suspect in the deaths of his wife and two young daughters . In July , a phone call to authorities came during an airing of "  The Hunt " which led them to Charles Mozdir , a suspected sex offender . He died in a shootout in New York City as police closed in on him .	DNA confirms that a skull that a dog found in Texas belongs to Kevin Patrick Stoeser Stoeser pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges He fled from a halfway house in Texas and had been on the U.S. Marshals most wanted list
CNN  -- The number of illegal immigrants living in the United States continues to decline from a peak in 2007 , according to a report released Wednesday by the Pew Hispanic Center . The center estimated that in March 2009 -- the most recent figures -- there were 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants in the country , compared to 12 million in March 2007 . "  The decrease represents the first significant reversal in the growth of this population over the past two decades , " the report states . The report does not discuss what factors could be behind the decrease . The decrease represents an 8 percent decline from 2007 to 2009 in the number of illegal immigrants currently living in the United States . According to the report , the most marked decline was in the population of unauthorized immigrants who come from Latin American countries other than Mexico . This group , which includes illegal immigrants from the Caribbean , Central and South America , saw a decrease of 22 percent in the same 2007-2009 period . In comparison , the Mexican unauthorized population has leveled off at about 7 million since 2007 , the report states . Mexicans account for about 60 percent of all illegal immigrants . The report coincides with other studies showing that while the influx of unauthorized immigrants from Mexico has sharply decreased , unauthorized Mexicans living in the United States are staying put . According to the report , an average of 150,000 illegal immigrants from Mexico arrived yearly during the March 2007 to March 2009 period , compared to the average of 500,000 that was recorded during the first half of the decade . For all countries , the average number of new unauthorized immigrants arriving fell from 550,000 a year in 2005 to 300,000 a year in 2009 . . The authors of the report point out , however , that despite the decline , the population of unauthorized immigrants was nearly a third larger in 2009 compared to 2000 , and it is three times larger than in 1990 . Among the report 's other findings was that nearly half of unauthorized immigrants living in the country in 2009 arrived in 2000 or later . The methodology the authors used took a demographic estimate of the legal foreign-born population in the United States , and subtracted it from the total foreign-born population . The Pew Hispanic Center is a part of the Pew Research Center in Washington and is an independent research group that does not engage in advocacy or take positions on issues .	The unauthorized immigrant population in the United States has decreased , the study says The largest drop was among Latin American immigrants not from Mexico Mexican unauthorized immigration leveled off
Paris  CNN  -- The attack on Chinese students in Hostens , a small town in the South-west of France , allegedly by a group of French youngsters , followed by the largest international wine fair , Vinexpo , in Bordeaux , where Chinese investors were very much present -- and active -- have triggered much talk in France about Chinese investment in the country 's vineyards and a backlash against it . Over the past couple of years , there has been a significant rise of Chinese investment in French wines , notably Bordeaux wines . In line with this , China has recently become the first export market for Bordeaux wines . But Chinese investors seem to want more than being simple buyers . Many want wines to match their tastes and those of their fellow citizens . That 's why they have started to invest in the well-known Chateaux brands , wine domains or wine trading companies . Whether they are buying the entire vineyard or only part of it , Chinese investors want to hold greater control over the final product . "  There are two groups of Chinese buyers , " says Michael Baynes , an estate agent in Bordeaux . One is typically from Hong Kong where the people look "  for something smaller , something that is more for the passion of wine . And , although they are commercially minded , they are more interested in the wine product itself . " Baynes , co-founder of Maxwell-Storrie-Baynes  affiliate of Christie 's International Real Estate  , talks a bit differently about the mainland Chinese who "  will be thinking about all aspects of using the resource to make some maximized returns . " Peter Kwok fits almost perfectly in Bayne 's first description . This businessman from Hong Kong bought the Chateau Haut-Brisson in 1997 , in the Bordeaux village of Saint-Emilion . He has since then "  invested more and more to increase the quality and the size of the vineyard , " says Charles Lemoine , in charge of wine marketing for Kwok . "  He comes three to five times a year , " adds Lemoine , who describes Kwok as having a real passion for French wine . Indeed Kwok is not just a distant vineyard owner : his love for wine has become a family matter and his children are now very much involved in the business . So does this trend really come as a big surprise ? French wine has always appealed to foreigners . The Belgians , Dutch , English , Americans , Swedes , etc. have been buying French vineyards for decades , if not centuries . Surely the fact that the Chinese are also starting to invest in these same lands should be a reflection of the global era , nothing more than that . For Jean-Pierre Rousseau , whose wine trading company Diva Bordeaux was the subject of a 70 % investment purchase by Shanghai Sugar Cigarette and Wine , a subsidiary of Bright Food , a state-owned food group , the Chinese are looking for a sense of "  recognition " , one which he describes as "  social . " "  They are attracted to a European lifestyle , they are of course looking for expensive stuff and wine is part of that lifestyle " , he adds . Undoubtedly , the Chinese seek to invest in French vineyards for the reputation of the wines and their quality . In a way , owning French vineyards gives them credibility . There are even investors who seem to specifically target the Chateaux brands which sound very French such as the "  Lafite " or the "  Latour " names that are recognizable symbols of French culture . And the French appear receptive to Chinese investment in their wine , particularly in the Bordeaux region . Rousseau is himself enthusiastic about the Chinese coming to Bordeaux , "  they come here to learn , they come here to understand and when they bought some chateaux ; they were rather positive in improving the quality . " The businessman also likes to wittingly remind people that "  in Bordeaux , we welcome them much better than  if  they are in Burgundy . " In fact , he has a point . When Chateau Gevrey-Chambertin was sold to a Chinese investor , the winegrowers of Burgundy were not impressed by the transaction and the manner in which it was handled . The head of the wine syndicate of Gevrey-Chambertin , Jean-Michel Guillon , expressed his disappointment saying that he and his winegrower colleagues were "  really sad to see that the only chateau of the 12th century -- with the Clos de Vougeot - will be acquired by a person foreign to the job . " Jean-Michel Guillon , who 's been in the wine business for more than 30 years , explains that the purchase of this chateau may cause future and significant financial difficulties for the remaining winegrowers of the region . As the Chinese investor outbid local vintners to pay eight million euros -- more than double the estimated value of the property -- this will change the market prices for vineyards and , as Guillon indicates , taxes on succession rights to these properties will also rise significantly . But the selling of Gevrey-Chamberton has also caused discontent among local growers because of the nature of the region itself . Burgundy is a lot smaller in comparison to the Bordeaux wine region . So any purchase of a significant vineyard in Burgundy has a much greater impact on the region . Domains are very often a family affair ; "  each winegrower is also a winemaker , " says Guillon with a wholehearted voice . "  What would the Chinese say if Europeans started buying 10 or 20 meters of the Great Wall of China ? " asks the Burgundian , semi-smiling , semi-serious . But ultimately French wine inspires admiration among the Chinese , and the French have something to gain out of this . Plus , the Chinese are not "  buying everything " ; in Bordeaux , where they invest the most , they have only acquired 1 % of the whole wine lands . It 's not exactly a huge loss .	Chinese investment flowing into France 's vineyards , sparking backlash Many Chinese want wines to match their tastes and those of their fellow citizens Chinese seek to invest in French vineyards for the reputation Selloffs have also caused discontent among local growers
CNN  -- Paul Scholes came out of retirement for a shock return as Manchester United beat FA Cup holders Manchester City 3-2 in Sunday 's dramatic third-round tie between England 's top two teams . The 37-year-old former England international quit at the end of last season , but was named as a substitute by manager Alex Ferguson after agreeing to return for the rest of this season . He came off the bench just before the hour mark to be cheered by the visiting United fans at the Etihad Stadium , with the Premier League champions already 3-0 ahead . Scholes ' return was not entirely successful as his mistake led to City 's second goal , scored by Sergio Aguero , but United held on for a hard-fought victory . Who are January 's top transfer targets ? Premier League leaders City had captain Vincent Kompany sent off after 12 minutes and were 3-0 down at halftime before forging a comeback . The defender 's red card could cost him a four-match ban , which would be a blow to City 's hopes of a first league title since 1968 given that Yaya and Kolo Toure are away for a month at the African Cup of Nations . City manager Roberto Mancini said the club would appeal Kompany 's second straight red this season , which came for a two-footed lunge on United winger Nani in the 12th minute at 1-0 down . "  We will appeal . I am sure we will win , " Mancini said . Wayne Rooney scored twice for United , either side of Kompany 's controversial red card , as he returned to form following reports that the club wanted to sell him . He said Scholes ' recall had been a big surprise . Blog : Who are the top 10 transfer targets ? "  It was a bit of a shock to be honest , we did n't know until we were in the dressing room , but he 's a great player , " Rooney told ITV Sport . Ferguson opted for Scholes , who has been working with the reserves at United , with his squad hit by an injury crisis . "  It 's fantastic that Paul has made this decision , " Ferguson said before the match started . "  He has kept himself in great shape and I always felt that he had another season in him . It 's terrific to have him back . " Rooney 's 10th-minute header put United ahead , then Kompany was dismissed by referee Chris Foy soon after . Fellow striker Danny Welbeck made it 2-0 with a superb volley before earning the spot-kick to give Rooney the chance to score his second . Rooney saw his effort saved by City 's stand-in keeper Costel Pantilmon -- who replaced rested England No. 1 Joe Hart -- but then headed home the rebound . Aleksandar Kolarov gave Roberto Mancini 's men an early second-half lifeline with a free-kick from the edge of the area before the entry of Scholes . His mistake let James Milner cross for Aguero 's goal , but otherwise he gave an assured display in his return to the big time . United 's reward for beating their local rivals is a mouthwatering fourth-round tie at Liverpool , who beat Oldham 5-1 Friday . Liverpool decide against appeal in Suarez race ban case It will be the first clash between the two sides since the October league clash which led to an eight-game ban for Luis Suarez for racially abusing United 's Patrice Evra . Everton-Fulham is another confirmed all-Premier League tie , while Arsenal , if they beat Leeds on Monday , will be at home to Aston Villa . In Sunday 's other third-round action Sunday , Ramires scored twice as Chelsea enjoyed a 4-0 victory over Portsmouth at Stamford Bridge . His late double and an added time fourth for Frank Lampard were hard on Pompey , who had restricted Chelsea to a goal by Juan Mata in the 48th minute . Chelsea will face the winners of the MK Dons-QPR replay , while Sunderland who won 2-0 at Peterborough Sunday to continue their remarkable revival under Martin O'Neill , will play Middlesbrough in a north-east derby .	Manchester United beat FA Cup holders Manchester City 3-2 in the third round United veteran Paul Scholes comes out of retirement to play in the second half City captain Vincent Kompany sent off after only 12 minutes , which the club will appeal Wayne Rooney scores twice in first half as United set up fourth-round clash with Liverpool
CNN  -- A magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck the Pacific near American Samoa , triggering towering tsunami waves that gushed over the island and leaving at least 22 people dead . The tsunami wave hit right in the middle of the harbor of Pago Pago , the capital . American Samoa Gov. Togiola Tulafono , speaking from Hawaii , said Tuesday 's quake ranked "  right up there with some of the worst " disasters on the island . He said about 50 people had been treated for injuries so far but he expected that number to rise . The quake hit the small cluster of South Pacific islands early Tuesday morning . By evening , Laumoli , standing outside the LBJ Tropical Medican Center morgue in the capital of Pago Pago , confirmed 22 deaths . "  I thought it was the end of the world , " said Dr. Salamo Laumoli , director of health services . "  I have never felt an earthquake like that before . " Laumoli feared more fatalities would turn up as rescue workers were still trying to access parts of the island severed by damaged infrastructure . Laumoli said people in outlying villages on one end of the main island have been cut off because the main bridge was washed away . "  Two or three villages have been badly damaged , " he told CNN International . Listen to Laumoli speak about the impact of the quake and tsunami " Tulafono cited extensive damage to roads , buildings and homes , and said he had spoken to the military about mobilizing reserve forces for assistance . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Ewa Beach , Hawaii , canceled tsunami watches and warnings for American Samoa about four hours after the earthquake hit . However , a tsunami advisory is still in effect for for the coastal areas of California and Oregon . Watch report on end of tsunami warning " The Japan Meteorological Agency also activated a tsunami advisory along its eastern coast . The precautionary alert means that the height of a possible tsunami wave would be less than a foot and a half . President Barack Obama "  declared a major disaster exists in the Territory of American Samoa " late Tuesday and ordered federal aid to supplement local efforts . The declaration makes federal funding available to affected individuals . The tsunami waves hit right in the middle of the Pago Pago harbor , the capital , said Cinta Brown , an American Samoa homeland security official working at the island 's emergency operations center . The water devastated the village of Leone . Watch a resident talk about what happened " "  The wave came onshore and washed out people 's homes , " Brown said . The same happened on the hard-hit east and west sides of American Samoa , she said . The quake generated three separate tsunami waves , the largest measuring 5.1 feet from sea level height , said Vindell Hsu , a geophysicist with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . Preliminary data had originally reported a larger tsunami . Officials in the U.S. territory issued a clear call and were focusing on assessing the damage , Brown said . Reports of damage were still emerging , but a bulletin from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the waves "  may have been destructive along coasts near the earthquake epicenter and could also be a threat to more distant coasts . Authorities should take appropriate action in response to this possibility . " Tulafono , the governor , was on his way back home Tuesday night on one of two U.S. Coast Guard C-130 transport planes flying to American Samoa with aid . The Coast Guard also will transport more than 20 officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to American Samoa , said John Hamill , external affairs officer for FEMA in Oakland , California . The FEMA team will include a variety of debris experts , housing experts , members of the Corps of Engineers , and other disaster relief specialists , Hamill said . Tulafono told reporters Tuesday that it was hard being away from home when disaster came calling . It was a time , he said , for families to be together . Those who experienced the massive quake described it as a terrifying event . Brown was standing in a parking lot when her sports utility vehicle began rocking left and right . "  You could hear the rattling of the metal " of a large chain link fence around the lot , Brown said . "  It shakes you because you know something else is coming , " she said . CNN 's Augie Martin , Mariano Castillo , Moni Basu , Tess Eastment and Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : White House declares major disaster ; orders federal aid U.S. sending plane with aid , officials to help American Samoa Magnitude-8 .0 quake strikes near Samoan Islands early Tuesday Quake struck at depth of 7.4 miles , triggered three 5-foot tsunamis
CNN  -- Obsession often brings joy and sorrow in equal measure . Inside that thin , shiny packet giving off a mystical glow sits five stickers -- five faces of five men whose very presence can turn lives upside down . Welcome to the world of World Cup sticker collecting . "  My girlfriend gave me an ultimatum the other day , her or the football stickers ? Shame really , I thought she was the one , " Daniel Blazer , a British collector , told CNN . While most relationships survive the sticker phase , Blazer is not alone in his infatuation with the shiny adhesives which smile back at those dreaming of the holy grail -- the full sticker album . Some are relentless in their pursuit of that holy grail , setting up spreadsheets and even calling in their spouse to increase the odds of successful swapping . "  My husband , Stephen , is obsessed with his sticker album , " Emma Conway , who blogs under the name of brummymummyof2 , told CNN . "  He has his own spreadsheet so he knows what he needs and what he does n't . It does get annoying . "  Every time I go near a shop I have to get my three-year-old daughter some stickers and then get some for my 31-year-old husband . "  He 's a fantastic dad to our two children but I think the opportunity to collect stickers reminds him and his friends of being kids . "  When I go to work , he gives me his swaps , and I swap them with my colleagues and then bring them back . "  I 'm like a drug dealer ... but with stickers . " Panini , the Italian company which creates the stickers , has been producing the iconic adhesives for the world 's biggest football tournament since 1970 . Based in Modena , but with subsidiaries across the globe , Panini can produce over 25 million packets of stickers a day -- that 's over 750 million individual stickers . The company , which has a partnership with FIFA , the world 's governing body , has exclusive rights to create products for the tournament . Sold in 100 countries worldwide , the phenomenon has become synonymous with the World Cup , which is held every four years . "  I was very addicted when I was younger , " Gabriel Perlaza , from Austin , Texas , told CNN , of his sticker obsession . "  All we would do in recess was trade stickers . I 'd also go downtown to the street vendors with my father or grandfather . They had drawers full of stickers and would sell them for different prices individually . "  Looking back , it 's just crazy how stickers would just take over and be all that mattered for those couple of months leading up to the World Cup . "  Even now , at the age of 32 , when I stop by the store and buy five packets , I ca n't wait to get home and open them up , " added Perlaza . A quick glance at Twitter , Gumtree and other social media sites , provides a glimpse into the level of addiction that is currently gripping the world . The hashtag #gotgotneed -- named after the phrase "  got , got need " -- is usually uttered during a sticker swapping session and it 's now one of the most prevalent on Twitter . Be it on street corners or pubs and cafes , collectors trade at every opportunity , holding swapping sessions and allowing doubles to be discarded for the stickers which have so far proved elusive . "  I 'm not at peace with myself if I ca n't get my hands on a Panini album before the World Cup , " said Bernt-Erik Haaland , who lives in Norway . "  It 's a really important part of the whole experience , especially the ` getting ready ' and build up part to the tournament . "  It 's also a really sociable thing to do because you can swap stickers with your friends . " The internet has provided a whole new dimension to the World Cup sticker craze . Stickermanager.com is just one website which collectors can turn to in an effort to find each and every one of the 640 stickers . Created for the 2006 World Cup in Germany , it now boasts 140,000 registered members who swap stickers online with fellow collectors around the world . But swapping stickers in the post can be treacherous -- corners can get folded , faces can be blemished and your reputation can be ruined . Even within the safety of the home , keeping stickers in perfect condition can be hazardous . "  We have a three-year-old girl and a one-year-old boy at home , " Conway said . "  My daughter loves the stickers and is always trying to peel them out of the book . "  My husband is a very mild mannered man but if the kids go near the stickers then he 'll raise his voice . He 's very protective . " Keeping your stickers in mint condition is crucial in maximizing your ability to swap . According to Stickermanager , the most popular sticker people are looking to collect is Jordi Alba , the Spain and Barcelona defender along with the German national logo in all its shiny glory . But forget about swapping Gianluigi Buffon -- everybody appears to have the Juventus and Italian goalkeeper in their collection . Every collector has a nemesis -- just ask Phil Smith , an avid collector from Sunderland . He is starting to feel he is being stalked by Cameroon 's Alex Song . "  Song has swiftly become the scourge of my existence , " said Smith . "  Collecting stickers was an attempt to try and reconnect with my childhood and an innocent love of the game . "  Alex has totally sucked the whole fun out of the whole process , though . I have five of him now , and there appears to be no end in sight "  The prospect of swapping him for someone exotic or essential to my collection is long gone . His five faces are destined to sit on top of my record player for eternity , symbolically gathering dust . "  For many , 2014 will be the summer of Samba , football , flair and joy . For me , it will be the summer of Alex Song . " One man took his love for stickers to a whole new level . Adam Caroll-Smith , a Portsmouth fan , stumbled upon his 1996 Premier League sticker album in 2012 and was left devastated to find he was still missing six players . The 29-year-old , who chronicles his quest to complete his collection in his book , "  Six Stickers : A journey to complete an old sticker album " , traveled far and wide to meet the players who he had failed to find in those hundreds of packets . His journey proved successful , meeting the six former Premier League footballers and completing the book , before tossing the album into the sea in an act he describes as "  cathartic . " "  At the time , I was coming up to 30 , getting married , having a child and it felt like a natural point to take stock of my life , " Carroll-Smith told CNN . "  I think for a lot of people , that plays a part in the obsession . It allows them the opportunity to wallow in the excitement of their childhood . "  I think stickers are a metaphor for that -- they are something with a beautiful simplicity . "  When you 're a kid , it 's a chance to flash your football allegiance and gives you tangible proof to show how into football you are . "  Now , it gives a bizarre and nostalgic feel . I guess it 's because it 's something rooted in a particular era and has a timeless quality about it . " Such is the universal appeal of the product that Panini says in total it will sell 239,000 km of stickers - enough to stretch into space . "  Panini has the ability to create nostalgia galore amongst our ` second generation ' collectors , " Jessica Tadmor , head of marketing at Panini UK , told CNN . "  The media plays a large part . We 've had radio DJ 's collecting live on air , TV programs featuring the collection , and Twitter going sticker crazy . "  There have even been secret midnight swapping conventions in London aided by a beer or two . " Even the players are at it -- Costa Rica striker Joel Campbell , who was so desperate to find a sticker of himself that he bought a hundred packets . But after opening each packet , he was left seething after failing to collect his own picture -- unlike his Costa Rica teammate , Bryan Ruiz . The craze is set to continue when the tournament kicks off in Sao Paulo on June 12 with Brazil hosting Croatia in the opening fixture . Conway is already resigned to losing the attention of her husband , Stephen , for the duration of the tournament -- even if he 's finished his sticker album by then . "  I wo n't exist once it all starts , " she jokes . "  We 've been together 10 years so I know exactly what to expect and I 'm sure he 'll try to get the kids watching with him . "  His brother is going to Brazil so he 's got a bit of envy but he 'll be watching all the games . "  And he 'll be making sure the kids do n't go anywhere near the stickers too ! "	Panini World Cup stickers have taken the football world by storm People of all ages engaged in World Cup tradition Produces 25 million packets of stickers a day -- 750 million stickers a week Makes enough stickers to stretch to the Moon
SINGAPORE  CNN  -- Of all the aircraft on display at the Singapore Airshow , the brand new , fuel-efficient Airbus A350 XWB is dominating attention . Billed as the new generation wide-bodied jetliner and seen as a direct competitor to Boeing 's Dreamliner , the A350 has been drawing crowds , taking part in aerial displays and opening its doors to select trade visitors . It 's all part of a grand plan by Europe 's Airbus to try to woo as many buyers as possible . Inside the 40,000 square meters of airshow exhibition space , the plane 's maker , Airbus , has also grabbed the limelight , announcing the first big deal of this biennial aerospace and defense trade show to a packed press conference on Tuesday -- the firm sale of 63 A320 Family single aisle aircraft to low cost Vietnamese carrier VietJetAir . Delivery is scheduled to start later this year . VietJetAir will also lease a further seven A320 aircraft and has purchase options for another 30 . The $ 6.4 billion deal is a significant expansion for the privately-owned low-cost airline , which was only founded in 2011 . "  The A320 has proven to be extremely efficient in service with VietJetAir and is a favorite with our passengers , " said VietJetAir 's Managing Director Luu Duc Khanh at a signing ceremony held this afternoon . The center of world demand VietJetAir is typical of the market here . It 's a low cost carrier , numbers of which are growing rapidly across Asia Pacific , fueling demand for single aisle planes . Airbus predicts in the next 20 years the Asia-Pacific region will need almost 7,000 deliveries of single aisle aircraft , representing over a third of the world 's total . "  All our products are in the region in significant numbers , and we continue to dominate sales in this region because we have the aircraft Asia-Pacific airlines need , " says Airbus Chief Operating Officer Customers , John Leahy . Arch rival Boeing is more circumspect about the prospect of being able to announce any big deals out of this airshow . But the Vice President of Marketing for Boeing Commercial Planes , Randy Tinseth , says the exhibition is just as much about bonding with customers . "  The Asia-Pacific market in terms of demand is about 35 % of the world demand so it 's incredibly important and we 're delivering more airplanes than anyone else in the market here , so we do have strength , there 's no question , " Tinseth says . The world 's two largest airplane manufacturers have spent many long hours poring over predictions for growth in Asia-Pacific and both have come up with mind boggling forecasts . "  The economy grows , incomes going up , and incomes going up means more people travel . And it 's really pretty staggering . If you think about the Asia-Pacific region , if you look out the next five to ten years , each year 100 million people will travel in terms of growth , " Tinseth says . Airbus is predicting the region 's airlines will take delivery of some 10,940 new passenger and cargo aircraft between now and 2032 . The figure from Boeing differs slightly , with estimates 12,820 new aircraft will be needed in Asia-Pacific within the next two decades , a market Tinseth values at $ 1.9 trillion dollars . "  This is the world 's largest market for single aisle airplanes . It 's the largest market for wide body -LSB- twin aisle -RSB- airplanes , it 's the largest market for big airplanes like the 747 , and it 's the biggest market for freighters so the center of aviation is here , that 's why we 're here . " Tinseth says 36 % of the world 's new airplane deliveries over the next 20 years will be in Asia and nearly half the world 's air traffic growth will be driven by travel to and from the region . Battleground As to who currently has the upper hand in Asia-Pacific , Airbus says in 2013 it won 80 % of all new business in the region . But it 's a more level playing field in terms of actual deliveries , with Airbus delivering 331 aircraft into Asia Pacific last year , representing 51 % of all new carriers entering service here . Aviation analyst and vice president of ICF International David Stewart has been watching the competition between Airbus and Boeing for 15 years . "  I firmly believe that these things tend to balance themselves out and that one year Airbus will have a good year , and some years Boeing is well ahead . It 's all about timing in terms of where they are in their product cycles . " Airbus says it 's already received 814 orders for its A350 XWB . Thirty percent of orders have come from Asian airlines including Hong Kong 's Cathay Pacific and Singapore Airlines . Airbus claims its current Asia-Pacific order backlog is 1,740 . Boeing says its order backlog in the region is around 1,000 planes . On the single aisle side , Boeing 's main Asia-based customer is Indonesia 's Lion Air . The airplane maker has long dominated the wide body market , with customers including All Nippon Airways , Japan Airlines , Cathay Pacific , Singapore Airlines and some Chinese airlines . With Tuesday 's announcement , competition just stepped up a notch in this critical market and both Boeing and Airbus are keen to get as much leverage as possible out of this year 's Singapore Airshow . Charlotte Glennie is an award winning freelance journalist living in Singapore . She has previously worked as a foreign correspondent based out of both Beijing and Hong Kong .	Singapore Airshow begins with A350 XWB flyover Airbus announces $ 6.4 billion deal with VietJetAir Over 35 % of airplane deliveries in next 20 years set to be in Asia Boeing : Asia is center of aviation for the world
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- If you stared at empty seats around your Thanksgiving dinner table , Robert DeNiro 's newest film could help . Parents who want their kids home for Christmas may do well by persuading them to see "  Everybody 's Fine , " which opens next Friday in U.S. theaters . "  I 'm hoping it might catch the moment , and it might catch the Christmas spirit and the Thanksgiving spirit , " director-writer Kirk Jones told CNN over coffee in Hollywood . The movie is targeted at people with parents , brothers , sisters or children , Jones said . "  Pretty much everyone , " Jones said . "  It 's about family . " The story centers around a cross-country journey by DeNiro 's character struggling to bring together his grown children for Christmas , several months after their mother 's death . DeNiro reveals a sensitive , aging father who imagines that "  everybody 's fine " -- a solace for his lonely suffering . Each stop reveals how his wife had sheltered him from bad news about his kids -- played by Drew Barrymore , Kate Beckinsale and Sam Rockwell -- and how they did not know how to communicate honestly with him . His children were not living the lives he had fantasized for them . "  It 's easier not to face up to the truth , " Jones said . Audiences emerged from preview screenings thinking about their own parents or children , Jones said . "  People are coming out of the movie , almost without exception , saying ` I 've got to ring my mom , I 've got to ring my dad , ' " Jones said . The strongest reactions have come from people between 24 and 35 , many of whom told Jones he 's "  scratched a nerve , " he said . "  They were saying ` That 's me . That 's my dad . Those are my parents . ' " "  Most people have got regrets , " he said . "  When they leave their parents , everyone looks back and thinks , ' I should have invited them on holiday with us that time or I should have made it that weekend or I should have just called them more often . ' " It 's a remake of Giuseppe Tornatore 's 1990 Italian film "  Stanno Tutti Bene " -- English translation : Everybody 's Fine . But Jones , a British director best known as the writer-director of the 1998 surprise hit "  Waking Ned Devine , " made this into an American story . Jones took his own trip for inspiration before writing the screenplay , traveling by train and bus across the United States . He realized the telephone wires he saw , stretching from pole to pole for hundreds of miles along the tracks and highways , serve as a metaphor for his story . "  It 's like a wave , a musical rhythm , " Jones said . Frank -- DeNiro 's character -- spent his life manufacturing the protective coating for the telephone lines . "  He protected the line of communication , " Jones said . But decades of exposure to the chemicals made him ill , as did his years of insulation from honest communications with his family . "  The irony is , when he 's traveling , the children are talking about him through his wires , " Jones said . A personal irony for the director is that , for the 14 months Jones was making this movie about family togetherness in the United States , he was away from his own family in England .	"  Everybody 's Fine " is targeted at "  pretty much everyone , " director Kirk Jones told CNN Story centers on a father 's journey as he seeks to reunite his kids for the holidays Each stop reveals how his wife had sheltered him from bad news about his kids Jones , who also wrote the screenplay , traveled the U.S. for inspiration
CNN  -- The "  best job in the world " contest has generated huge interest around the globe , but the jury is out on whether that will translate into more tourism dollars for Queensland , Australia . Ben Southall will move into a three-bedroom beach home overlooking the Great Barrier Reef . "  That 's the million dollar question , " said Anthony Hayes , CEO of Tourism Quensland , which sponsored the contest . "  Quite frankly you can have $ 150 million worth of publicity , but if it does n't generate sales you 've really wasted your time on a pretty story . " A British man beat 34,000 other applicants Wednesday to win the right to stroll the white sands of a tropical island in Queensland , Australia , file weekly reports online to a global audience and earn a cool $ 100,000 . Watch as lucky winner is revealed " For the winner , Ben Southall , the six-month assignment is a far cry from his old job as a fundraiser . "  I love discovering new places , " Southall said in his hyperkinetic minute-long application video for the position . "  Last year , I drove all around Africa , I crossed deserts , climbed mountains , run marathons , bungee jump , mountain-bike , scuba-dive and snorkel everywhere because I 'm practically a fish myself . " Oh , and he rode an ostrich . He will move into a three-bedroom beach home overlooking the tropical island 's Great Barrier Reef . For six months , he will feed the fish , clean the pool and send weekly blog and video reports on what is happening on the island . Other benefits include free return airfares from their nearest capital city , transport on the island , computer and camera gear and travel to other islands . The applicants used various attempts to woo their prospective employer , from wandering round a chilly city center in a bikini , to making their application in the form of a street musical , complete with chorus singers . Sixteen finalists were flown in to Hamilton Island on Monday for interviews with a four-person panel . The job starts July 1 . The "  world 's best job " campaign was 18 months in the making as a way to lure more tourism to the 600 islands near the Great Barrier Reef . "  The starting point was how do we get the message out there ... that they 're open for business and we want people to come and visit , " Hayes said . "  The idea of this is to protect jobs throughout our regional parts of Queensland . "	Winner of "  best job " competition is British citizen Ben Southall Tourism Queensland advertised dream island caretaking job for $ 100,000 Six-month stint involves reporting on the Great Barrier Reef island off Australia
CNN  -- Alberto Contador was crowned Tour de France champion for the third time on Sunday as Mark Cavendish won the final stage of cycling 's premier event , which was delayed after seven-time winner Lance Armstrong 's team were ordered to change their jerseys . Contador had the customary winner 's cruise into the Champs-Elysees in Paris , having taken a 39-second lead over Andy Schleck in what is the traditionally decisive penultimate stage on Saturday . He was 81st in a 161-strong peloton behind Cavendish -- all credited with the same time of two hours , 42 minutes and 21 seconds -- with Armstrong 106th as he completed his final Tour in 23rd overall . The 38-year-old finished more than 39 minutes behind Contador , his teammate at Astana last year , after suffering from crashes early on in the grueling 21-stage race . Armstrong team removes special jerseys for cancer survivors Russia 's Denis Menchov was third overall ahead of Contador 's fellow Spaniard Samuel Sanchez . "  It is a Tour in which I had a lot of pressure , especially physically as I was not at my best level . It took a lot of confidence to face difficult situations , " the 27-year-old Contador told the race 's official website . "  Today is therefore a great relief for me , it is a moment that I feel like I 've been liberated from all the pressure . "  The three wins are all very different . The first , in 2007 , had something special , precisely because that was the first . Last year , the context was difficult and this made it difficult . And this year I have had difficult moments , but I could count on a strong team . "  I realize that each year I gain in experience . I know better manage a team throughout the race . Now I am happy to enjoy this victory and I 'll take a good vacation . " British rider Cavendish triumphed in the closing leg of the three-week event for the second year in a row , his fifth stage win of 2010 , but his late burst was not enough to deny Alessandro Petacchi the sprinters ' title . Petacchi finished second ahead of New Zealand 's Julian Dean to become only the second Italian to win the green jersey . "  I 'm disappointed this year not to win the green jersey . I set out to do so -- it was a target for this year -- but I had some bad luck in the first days and was out of the running , " Cavendish said . "  But the team fought back , did our best and I lost it by 11 points . But we won five stages and we 've got to be happy with this year 's Tour . " Armstrong 's Radioshack claimed the overall team prize as Christopher Horner was 10th overall , Levi Leipheimer 13th and Andreas Kloeden 14th . They were made to take off special black jerseys worn to promote Armstrong 's cancer charity during the neutral zone run ahead of the official start of the 102-kilometer stage from Longjumeau . The peloton , which set a slow pace anyway , waited as the American and his teammates changed back into their regulation jerseys . France 's Anthony Chartreau claimed the climbers ' title , while Saxo Bank 's Schleck was the top young rider .	Spanish cyclist Alberto Contador wins Tour de France for the third time in four years Astana rider enjoys customary winner 's cruise into Paris on Sunday with 39-second lead British rider Mark Cavendish wins final stage for the second year in a row Stage was delayed as Lance Armstrong 's team had to change out of special jerseys
CNN  -- Lionel Messi helped Barcelona bounce back from Champions League heartache as he came off the bench to score twice against Real Betis on Sunday and edge the Catalan club closer to the Spanish title . The four-time world player of the year was an unused substitute in the 3-0 defeat by Bayern Munich in Wednesday 's second leg of the semifinal at the Camp Nou , apparently not yet recovered from his hamstring problem . But he made an instant impact after coming on just before the hour mark against Betis , as David Villa was the man to make way straight after leveling the score at 2-2 . The Argentina star curled in a superb free-kick on 59 , then hit the crossbar with another set-piece before -- in the 70th minute -- finishing off a low cross from Alexis Sanchez , who had been put in space on the right by an exquisite backheel from Andres Iniesta . It put Barca 11 points clear of second-placed defending champions Real Madrid with four games to play , meaning victory at third-placed Atletico Madrid next Sunday will be enough to seal a 22nd domestic crown . Messi has now scored 60 goals this season , 46 of them in La Liga -- where he has found the net in his past 21 appearances . Barcelona had made the worst possible start as seventh-placed Betis took the lead in under two minutes through Colombia striker Dorlan Pabon , who scored his sixth goal since joining on loan in January . Sanchez equalized inside 10 minutes , heading his ninth league goal this season from Iniesta 's cross , and Barca almost took the lead just before halftime when Cristian Tello smashed a shot against the underside of the bar -- the ball appeared to hit the line before bouncing to safety . However , Betis hit back with an even better effort as midfielder Ruben Perez -- on loan from Atletico Madrid -- fired in a piledriver from long range to give his side the lead at the interval . That lasted until the 55th minute , when Villa found space at the far post to nod in Dani Alves ' right-wing cross before Messi took over . Sevilla moved up to eighth place with a 3-0 win over Espanyol that further dented the Barcelona-based side 's faint hopes of European qualification . Real Zaragoza moved out of the bottom three with a 3-0 win that left Rayo Vallecano behind Sevilla on goal difference , while bottom club Mallorca drew 1-1 with midtable Levante .	Barcelona two points away from league title after Sunday 's 4-2 win over Real Betis Lionel Messi scores twice after Barca twice come from behind at Camp Nou Messi takes his tally to 60 goals this season , 46 of them in La Liga Barca can wrap up 22nd league title with win over Atletico Madrid next Sunday
CNN  -- China 's Li Na made history on Thursday by becoming the first Asian tennis player to reach the singles final of a grand slam tournament in the Open era , ending the Australian hopes of world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki . The 28-year-old , a beaten semifinalist in Melbourne last year , battled back to win 3-6 7-5 6-3 in two hours and 35 minutes as she saved a match-point in the second set . Wozniacki , seeking her first grand slam title , led 5-4 but Li responded with a superb forehand down the line to escape and went on to set up a clash with former No. 1 Kim Clijsters . The Belgian progressed to the Australian Open final for the second time with a 6-3 6-3 win over Vera Zvonareva that will lift her above the Russian to second in the world rankings . Tennis will miss the elegance of Henin Last year Li and compatriot Zheng Jie both made the semifinals in an unprecedented achievement by Chinese players , and now she is looking to savor Saturday 's experience against three-time U.S. Open champion Clijsters . No male or female player from the Asia region has reached the final of a grand slam event since the fully professional era began in 1968 . "  This is good for me , for my team and good for Chinese tennis , " the ninth seed told the WTA Tour website after beating a top-ranked player for the second time in her career , following 2008 's victory over Serena Williams in Stuttgart . "  It 's a good experience for my whole life , because many players play a long time but never come to the final of a grand slam . " Elbow injury forces Henin to quit tennis The 20-year-old Wozniacki , who won the 2010 season-ending championship , is hoping to bounce back from her disappointment . "  I had a match-point and I did n't take it . Sometimes in tennis it 's one ball that can change everything , " said the Dane , runner-up at the 2009 U.S. Open . "  It 's quite difficult to get through this one . I just need to get back on the practice court and keep working hard . Hopefully I 'll get many more chances . " Clijsters is seeking her second successive grand slam title , but her first in Melbourne after losing the 2004 final . The 27-year-old had lost three of her previous four meetings with Zvonareva , but this time powered to victory in an hour and 13 minutes . "  I 'm happy I was able to raise my level , " Clijsters said . "  It 's nice to be in the situation of last two standing and trying to finish on top . This is the last match -- give everything you have . " The 26-year-old Zvonareva was disappointed to fall short , having made the finals of the previous two grand slams at the U.S. Open -- where she also lost to Clijsters -- and Wimbledon . "  I just have to think about what I can do next time if I meet a player like Kim , who 's playing her game perfectly . What can I do to hurt them ? What can I improve in my game to come up with something better next time ? "	Li Na goes one better than last year by reaching the final of the Australian Open Chinese ninth seed saves match-point to upset world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki The 28-year-old will play U.S. Open champion Kim Clijsters in Saturday 's title match Clijsters will move up to second in world rankings after beating Vera Zvonareva
CNN  -- India 's cricket tour of Australia lurched to new lows on Friday , which proved to be unlucky January 13 . The visitors slumped to a disappointing 161 all out in Perth and then saw David Warner smash the fourth fastest century in Test history as Australia reached 149-0 at stumps on day one . Down 2-0 in the four-match series , the second-ranked Indians went into the third encounter with doubts about the pitch at the WACA after ground staff were filmed on Thursday night drinking beer and walking on the playing surface in bare feet . Curator Cameron Sutherland defended his employees on national radio . They traditionally have pre-match drinks under the scoreboard , but this time followed Sutherland out to the middle for his final check . Tendulkar falls short again as Aussies take 2-0 lead "  We were working on it ... up until the toss of the coin we can do anything we want to the wicket , " he told ABC Grandstand , revealing that Cricket Australia and WACA chief executive Graeme Wood had questioned him about the situation . "  We were there for an hour . So , the thing that Cricket Australia and certainly the WACA have done is got all the facts and said , ` That 's a legitimate reason for you being out there , it 's not as though you were just sitting on the wicket drinking beer for two hours . ' " The Perth pitch had been described as a "  Green Monster " by local media earlier this week , and India 's formidable batting line-up performed -- once again this series -- with a timidity far below their stature . Pattinson inspires Australian win in Melbourne Ben Hilfenhaus claimed four wickets and fellow fast bowler Peter Siddle took three , while 21-year-old Mitchell Starc celebrated his third Test call-up -- and first of this series -- with figures of 2-39 . Ryan Harris snared just one scalp in his first outing since November , but it was a key one as cricket 's record run scorer Sachin Tendulkar was trapped leg before wicket for 15 to leave the 38-year-old "  Little Master " still seeking his record 100th international century . Virat Kohli top-scored with 44 , adding 68 for the fifth wicket with VVS Laxman  31  before both fell to Siddle . If India 's batsmen found it hard against the four-man pace attack , the bowlers received a fearful pummeling from Warner . Finding his feet in the five-day game after being initially introduced as a limited-overs specialist , the left-hander smashed 104 from 80 balls , hitting 13 boundaries and three sixes as he raced to his second century . Warner shrugged off a blow to the head from a delivery by Umesh Yadav to pass three figures in 69 balls faced , reaching the milestone with a clubbed six off debutant medium pacer Vinay Kumar . It matched Shivnarine Chanderpaul 's effort for the West Indies against Australia in 2003 , and is the second-fastest at the WACA behind compatriot Adam Gilchrist 's 57-ball effort against England in 2006 . West Indian legend Viv Richards holds the record for his 56-ball blast against England in 1986 . At the other end to Warner , Ed Cowan contributed a relatively sedate 40 off 58 deliveries as the openers rattled along at a rate of 6.47 runs per over . Kumar went for 31 off his four overs , and Yadav conceded 42 from six . The experienced Zaheer Kahan and Ishant Sharma also suffered , giving up 44 from seven and 28 from five respectively .	Australia take control on opening day of the third Test against India in Perth Tourists collapse to 161 in first innings before Australia reach 149-0 at stumps Opening batsman David Warner matches the fourth-fastest century in Test history WACA ground curator defends his staff over pre-match drinking on pitch
CNN  -- Time to make some popcorn , light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6 , travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world 's top 10 romantic movie locations . There will plenty to quibble with , of course , especially given the absence of cities traditionally associated with romance -- San Francisco , Venice and the entire continent of South America got snubbed . Unspoiled scenery , natural beauty and the Oscar-winning "  Out of Africa " helped Kenya 's Ngong Hills grab the top spot on the list . Paris ranks second after Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy made sparks in "  Before Sunset . " The setting for the ultimate smooch scene between Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan in "  Sleepless in Seattle , " New York takes third . The movie 's title town did n't get the call -- sorry , Seattle , Travelzoo apparently likes you , just not in that way . 10 most romantic movie locations  according to Travelzoo 1 . Ngong Hills , Kenya -- "  Out of Africa " 2 . Paris -- "  Before Sunset " 3 . New York -- "  Sleepless in Seattle " 4 . Rome -- "  Roman Holiday " 5 . Wicklow Mountains , Ireland -- "  P.S. I Love You " 6 . Halona Cove , Hawaii -- "  From Here to Eternity " 7 . Atlanta -- "  Gone With the Wind " 8 . Tokyo -- "  Lost in Translation " 9 . Bakewell , UK -- "  Pride & Prejudice " 10 . Burgundy , France -- "  Chocolat " Have your own favorite romantic destination ? Tell us about it in the comment section .	TravelZoo 's list of romantic movie sites takes in almost eight decades of film history Kenya 's Ngong Hills grabs the top spot with "  Out of Africa " London ? Venice ? San Francisco ? Rio ? Nope .
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner blasted President Barack Obama on Thursday for saying no U.S. combat troops would be placed on the ground in the fight against ISIS in Syria . "  An F-16 is not a strategy . Airstrikes alone will not accomplish what we 're trying to accomplish , " Boehner told reporters in his weekly media briefing . "  The President has made clear that he does n't want U.S. boots on the ground . Well , somebody 's boots have to be on the ground , " he continued . "  And so I do believe that what the President has asked for , as the commander in chief , he has this authority to train the Syrian rebels , and frankly we ought to give the President what he 's asking for . " Obama announced Wednesday night that his plan includes airstrikes in Syria , as well as training moderate Syrian rebels who are also trying to combat the militant group . The latter action requires specific congressional approval , and Boehner said he supports giving the President that authorization . Still , he blasted Obama 's decision to draw a line on putting U.S. troops on the ground . "  I would never tell the enemy what I was willing to do or unwilling to do , " Boehner said . Congress has not passed any authorization . And while Boehner said it would be in the nation 's interest to vote , he punted to the White House , complaining it had not presented Congress with the language for a resolution . Pressed by CNN 's Dana Bash on why Congress would n't just write its own language , Boehner reiterated that the White House has typically taken that initiative . "  That 's not how this has happened , " he said . "  The President would make that request and the President would supply the language for the resolution . " While he said he would support the authorization , he still remained skeptical of the President 's mission . "  I 'm not sure that we 're doing all that we can do to defeat this terrorist threat , " he said . "  If our goal is to eliminate ISIL , there 's a lot of doubt whether the plan that was outlined by the President last night is enough to accomplish that mission . " Kerry : U.S. not at war with ISIS Democratic candidates finding distance from Obama on ISIS	House Speaker John Boehner says the President 's ISIS plan is not enough Obama 's plan includes airstrikes against ISIS in Syria and training some Syrian rebels Still , Boehner says he thinks Congress should authorize the President 's plan
CNN  -- Julia Roberts , star of the new movie "  Eat , Pray , Love , " which tells the story of a soul-searching character , is now a practicing Hindu . Roberts , in an interview with Elle magazine , says she worships with her husband , cameraman Danny Moder , and their three children , People.com says . The family , she told Elle , goes to temple together to "  chant and pray and celebrate . I 'm definitely a practicing Hindu . " Roberts grew up in Georgia , the daughter of Christian parents . Other celebrities who have practiced Hinduism include former Beatle George Harrison , author J.D. Salinger and NFL player Ricky Williams . In her September cover interview , Roberts , 42 , decries the use of botox and plastic surgery . "  It 's unfortunate that we live in such a panicked , dysmorphic society where women do n't even give themselves a chance to see what they 'll look like as older persons , " she says . The star of "  Pretty Woman " and "  Erin Brokovich " also spoke about her relationship with her family . "  You make these people and you love them and you want them around for a thousand years , " she said about her three kids -- 3-year-old Henry and 5-year-old twins Phinnaeus and Hazel . "  And you want to be there for them for a thousand years . "	Actress Julia Roberts has embraced Hinduism She tells Elle magazine she will not undergo plastic surgery Roberts speaks about her love for her children
CNN Student News  -- March 13 , 2014 Covered this Thursday : An explosion levels two buildings in New York City , crowdsourcing plays a role in the search for a missing passenger plane , and we explain the importance of a flight data recorder . And as part of our Women 's History Month coverage , we 'll introduce you to a CNN Hero who 's helping young women thrive . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be some benefits and drawbacks of using crowdsourcing to gather information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . satellite image 2 . crowdsourcing 3 . voice and flight data recorder Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video , what may have been the cause of an explosion that destroyed two buildings in New York City on Wednesday morning ? What evidence suggests that this may be the cause ? How do people know when there is a gas leak ? What should you do if you think you smell gas ? 2 . What confusing information exists surrounding the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? What is crowdsourcing ? What are some examples of the use of crowdsourcing ? How is crowdsourcing being used in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Why has the search area expanded ? How does this expansion complicate the search ? 3 . What kind of information is stored on a plane 's voice and flight data recorder ? How is the box located after an accident ? What makes this piece of equipment so unique ? 4 . Who is Keren Taylor ? How is she helping teens who are facing tough challenges ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How is natural gas often used as a power source ? What do you think are some advantages to its use compared to other sources of power ? What might be some of its disadvantages ? 2 . What would you classify as "  facts we know " about the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Based on what you have seen in news coverage , what do you think happened to this flight ? Explain . 3 . Do you think that being a teenager is stressful ? Explain . What do you do to relieve stress in your life ? How might forms of creative expression , like writing , music and art , help people to address personal challenges and alleviate stress ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  "  Hamlet . " "  Romeo and Juliet . " "  A Midsummer Night 's Dream . " For centuries , these plays and three dozen more by William Shakespeare have formed history 's most heralded literary canon . But now they may have to make room for an addition to Shakespeare 's famous oeuvre . New research indicates that "  Double Falsehood , " a play first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself with help from his friend John Fletcher . The findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the "  newer " play . "  The match between the ` Double Falsehood ' play and Shakespeare was a landslide . It was shockingly clear , " said Ryan L. Boyd , a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin . The study , co-authored by Boyd and UT colleague James W. Pennebaker , was published in the journal Psychological Science . "  There 's very little wiggle room to interpret the numbers any differently . " Boyd said he and Pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare , nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald to create a "  psychological signature " of each author based on word choices , phrase patterns and other factors . They compared those profiles to the language in "  Double Falsehood " and determined that the play 's first half was almost entirely written by Shakespeare , though the second half appeared to be split evenly between Shakespeare and Fletcher . Only tiny traces of Theobald 's signature were found . "  We 're certainly not suggesting that Theobald did n't make edits , " Boyd told CNN . "  But he clearly did not write it . " "  Double Falsehood , " also known as "  The Distressed Lovers , " is based on the "  Cardenio " section of Don Quixote , the classic 17th-century novel by Miguel de Cervantes . Set in Spain , the play revolves around the romantic entanglements of two brothers : one virtuous , one sinful . Theobald said he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered , all of them written by Shakespeare . But many scholars have long dismissed the play as a fake , suspecting that Theobald tried to pass the Bard 's work off as his own . Shakespeare , who died in 1616 , wrote most of his published plays between 1590 and 1612 . British publishers Arden Shakespeare published "  Double Falsehood " in 2010 -- for the first time in 250 years -- amid renewed claims by experts that it was Shakespeare 's work . But the new study by Boyd and Pennebaker , the first to analyze the writings from a psychological perspective , may settle the matter once and for all . Shakespearean scholar Brean Hammond , professor of modern English literature at Nottingham University in the UK , praised the Texas study for its scientific approach . Hammond said Boyd and Pennebaker "  have got no dogs in the fight . They 're not literary scholars ,  so  their work could be seen as more objective than some of the literary studies . " Hammond studied "  Double Falsehood 's " authorship from a literary perspective five years ago and found Shakespeare 's DNA evident in the play . But he doubts the new research will put the matter entirely to rest . "  Those people who do n't believe the play was written by Shakespeare are n't going to just lay down and die , " he said .	New research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by William Shakespeare Scholar Lewis Theobald had passed the work off as his own Texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men
NEW YORK  CNN  -- One morning a couple of months ago at Westchester Medical Center , Dawn Verdick gave Daniel Flood one of her kidneys . Daniel Flood received a kidney from Dawn Verdick . They were brought together through Craigslist . Verdick and Flood were not friends or family . In fact , they were total strangers from the East and West coasts . But that 's not the most unusual aspect of this case . The patient and donor were brought together after Flood 's three daughters placed an ad on Craigslist , the online classifieds site that offers everything from autos to real estate and guitar lessons to massage . "  Please help us , my dad needs a kidney ! " began their posting in the site 's volunteer section . Watch more on the Craigslist-kidney connection " "  It was a shot in the dark , but it had worked for everything else , " Jennifer Flood said . After years of untreated high blood pressure , Flood 's levels of creatinine had risen , indicating damage to the kidney . The bean-shaped , fist-sized organs process blood to sift out waste products and extra water . More than 15 million Americans have some degree of kidney disease , according to estimates . Flood 's doctor told him he needed a transplant or dialysis . Both options have pros and cons . Dialysis can be hard on the heart and takes up time several days a week . Making Flood 's situation more difficult was the fact that the retired 68-year-old life insurance salesman was born with only one kidney . In addition , Flood 's rare O-negative blood type made the odds even tougher . None of Flood 's daughters , or his immediate family , was a match . Jennifer and sisters Cynthia and Heather , all in their early 30s , vowed to find their father a living donor . "  We knew that the waiting list was two to six years . And we knew how dialysis takes a toll on your body , and we knew we had to save Dad . " About three-quarters of kidney transplants are between family members , and the rest are among friends and acquaintances , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , a not-for-profit organization that manages the nation 's transplant system . Nearly 75,000 Americans were waiting for a kidney by the end of 2007 , according to the organization . Just over 16,000 on the wait list received one , about 6,000 of them from living donors . Although the number of kidney donors has grown since 1998 , the wait list has doubled as the incidence of diabetes , a leading cause of kidney disease , rises to crisis levels . A kidney from a deceased donor is far more likely to be rejected than one from a living donor and may not hold up for the recipient 's lifetime . "  Kidneys from living donors last , on average , 25 years while kidneys from cadavers last an average of 10 years , because kidneys from living donors are usually in better shape , " said Dr. Jonathan Lazare , a urologist with the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living The Floods received more than 100 responses to the Craigslist ad . Many sounded genuinely interested in helping , but others sought to sell a kidney , which is illegal in the United States . One encounter with a young man from the Washington area was especially disheartening . The man traveled to the Floods ' home in Pleasantville , New York , just outside New York City , and even stayed with them a few days . Soon after , he e-mailed Jennifer Flood to say he had only wanted to see the city . Internet appeals for organ donations raise a number of questions of fairness , one medical ethicist said . "  Ideally , organs should be fairly allocated on basis of medical need and time on the waiting list , " said Dr. Kenneth Prager , director of clinical ethics and chairman of the Medical Ethics Committee at New York Presbyterian Hospital . "  Solicitations undermine the concept of a level playing field . " But , he added , "  we are a country with free speech . There is nothing illegal in advertising or in using the Web for personal or health reasons . Altruistic organ donors have the legal right to designate recipients . " And he sees a potential benefit from the Internet . "  An important argument supporting the solicitation of donors through advertising is that many such altruistic unrelated donors would never have given their organs without being moved by the personal stories of the patients on the Web , " Prager said . "  As such , patients who solicit such donors do not do so at the expense of others on the list . By expanding the population of organ donors , Web sites such as matchingdonors.com or Craigslist can benefit the population of those in need of organs as a whole . " For the Flood family , the breakthrough came when Verdick , who lives in Monterey , California , went on Craigslist for the first time to look for a volunteer project when a close friend died . "  I did n't set out to donate a kidney , " said Verdick , 48 , the founder of a not-for-profit educational organization . The ad initially caught her attention because it mentioned her blood type . "  I turned it over to the universe early on . And I just said , ` If it 's meant to be , then I will qualify , and if it 's not , I wo n't . ' " Verdick was such a strong match that doctors said it was as if she and Flood were close relatives . As part of the screening process , Verdick underwent two psychological evaluations . One question asked how she would react if she were to donate and later have kidney failure . ' "  What if I 'm hit by a bus tomorrow ? " she responded . "  There 's a lot of ` what ifs . ' I do n't live in ` what if . ' I live in the ` what is . ' " The experience has brought profound renewal to Daniel Flood . After feeling tired and having a symptomatic gray skin tone for so many years , he says , his complexion has turned ruddy again , and he feels more energetic . He takes 14 medications every day , including three anti-rejection drugs . For a while he wo n't be allowed to shake hands or hug anyone because of the risk of infection , or to lift more than 10 pounds . But for now , the numbers are on his side . The five-year survival rate for kidney recipients from a living donor is about 90 percent , versus an 80 percent chance for people who receive from a cadaver , according to the organ-sharing organization . "  Every day is a fresh start for me . It 's a whole new awakening , a whole new beginning , " said Flood , who looks forward to playing golf again and spending more time with his wife , children and 3-year-old granddaughter . Flood 's daughters are now making it their mission to give back . They launched the Flood Sisters Kidney Foundation of America at www.floodsisters.org , which has about 20 members , to bring potential living kidney donors together with people who need them . And come December , Verdick and the Flood family are marking their calendars for dinner , to celebrate their special "  anniversary . "	Kidneys process blood to sift out waste products and extra water More than 15 million Americans have some degree of kidney disease About three-quarters of kidney transplants are between family members
CNN  -- There is hardly anything in U.S.-Arab relations that screams scandal louder than the torture pictures of Abu Ghraib : The abuse that went on behind these gates hardened Arab opinion against the United States . Naked hooded male bodies in the fetal position , piled up on top of each other in a pyramid shape , next to them U.S. soldiers in uniform smiling and giving two thumbs up . Naked males made to touch their genitals on camera , others beaten so hard that paramedics are at hand to treat their wounds in preparation for the next round of torture . For the Arab world , the human body is a taboo , a sacred temple that should be covered and respected . For many , exposing the naked body is a sin . So it is no surprise that taking pictures of the naked , hooded men was seen as a sick inexcusable act . The United States was already unpopular in the Arab world , mainly because of its war in Iraq . After Abu Ghraib in most quarters , it became despised with a vengeance . Before the pictures and videos became public in 2004 , horror stories of what was going on inside the notorious Abu Ghraib prison were reported on Arab media in bits and pieces . We 'd heard from people whose identity was hidden for their own protection . They described despicable acts of sexual abuse and torture that sounded more from a made-up horror tale than from real-life experience . For many Arab media observers , those claims were simply hard to believe . That is , until hundreds of photos and some videos were made available to the public that showed exactly what former Abu Ghraib prisoners had described on Arab media , and even worse . See the abuse photos " Arab newspapers and TV networks seemed to run out of words in describing the shock at the images they were printing on their front pages and showing in their newscasts . Anchors , reporters and guests felt uneasy about this bizarre story and all the twists and turns that followed . Those included a guided media tour of Abu Ghraib , showing that the situation was under control and inmates were being treated with dignity and respect . The shock quickly turned to anger against the United States and pity toward the victims . Arab commentators described the photos as "  shameful , " the act of U.S. soldiers "  barbaric . " The outrage at the acts carried out by U.S. soldiers was a common reaction in the West and among Muslims and Arabs around the world . However , the way the reaction was translated on the ground was different . Gen. Mark Kimmitt first made his rounds on Arab networks arguing that these were isolated acts , made by a few low-ranking soldiers . He said on the most-watched Arab network , Al-Jazeera , that he was "  appalled " at the photos , but he stressed that the images were being "  used as a tool " to impact the U.S. military negatively . His boss , then Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , broke his silence a few weeks later and reiterated that only a handful of low-level Army troops were involved in the abuse . He also offered to resign twice but his resignation was never accepted . Three months after the photo scandal , amid growing Arab and world outrage that showed no signs of calming , President Bush appeared on the U.S. government-run Arabic-language Al-Hurra TV . Many Arab commentators and columnists were expecting an apology and some high level officials to be held accountable . Neither happened . Bush said , "  I view those practices as abhorrent . " But he added that Iraqis "  must understand that what took place in that prison does not represent the America that I know . " The president 's interview with his own station was seen in the Arab world as an attempt to pacify the situation instead of dealing appropriately with the problem . When another wave of Abu Ghraib torture photos became public in 2006 , the reaction was n't as strong because it seemed by then that the Arab world had given up on America . Sateh Noureddine of Lebanon 's independent newspaper Assafir wrote that the scandal confirms an image of America "  already engraved in people 's minds in the Middle East . " The image is that America is n't genuine about conducting "  an experiment of democracy " in the region . Newspaper headlines from that time captured the mood . The London-based Al-Hayat newspaper said , "  New Pictures of the Abu Ghraib Scandal : Torture , Killing and Body Mutilation . " The Palestinian-owned Al-Quds Al-Arabi wrote "  Despicable pictures of at Abu Ghraib abuse scandal , suppressing prisoners by using live ammunition . Sexual abuse , barbaric beating and fallen bodies . " The Saudi-owned Asharq Al-Aswat 's headline was critical of the U.S. administration 's position : "  Washington : The new pictures wo n't add anything other than stir up anger . Those responsible were punished . " As soon as the news broke that more torture pictures could be released this year , Arab media rolled the old photos of humiliated Iraqi prisoners . The same pyramid of naked bodies showed up and that of a female soldier pulling a prisoner on a leash around his neck . Anchors asked questions about what news the new pictures could bring . Will they show that the Bush administration approved of those torture tactics and applied them in Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo Bay and perhaps elsewhere ? Was the torture a directive given to soldiers rather than low-level military personnel engaging in "  abhorrent " practices as the president called them ? There is nothing any new photos can prove that was n't already discussed and oftentimes believed on the Arab street already . One political cartoon by Lebanese journalist Stavro Jabra from May 2004 describes the mood in the Arab region and its experience of the scandal . It was inspired by one infamous Abu Ghraib photo , but , in the cartoon , the U.S. female soldier is replaced by Lady Liberty . At the end of her leash , instead of the Iraqi prisoner , lies President Bush . It was a clear reflection of an Arab view that the Abu Ghraib scandal will be a stamp of shame on the Bush administration . History will judge if it is an accurate prediction . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	The scandal took the U.S. from unpopular to despised in the Arab world , Nasr says Many had not believed stories of abuse in Arab media before the photos came out Now , many think the worst of the U.S. ; new photos would not change that , Nasr says
CNN  -- Government troops fought fresh battles with opposition fighters in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , early Friday as the country 's embattled president tried to put down a tribal revolt . Troops backed by tanks were nearing the home of tribal leader Sadeq Al-Ahmar , whose followers have been battling troops loyal to President Ali Abdullah Saleh for nearly two weeks , witnesses reported . The nearby headquarters of Yemen 's national airline was ablaze , with surrounding houses catching fire as well , witnesses said . Government spokesman Abdu Ganadi told CNN said Saleh 's forces "  are near victory . " But Abdulqawi Al-Qaisi , a spokesman for Al-Ahmar , said "  All government claims of victory are fabricated , and our forces are still on the ground . " And in Change Square , where tens of thousands of anti-government protesters have made camp , witnesses said gunmen on surrounding streets were firing into the crowd , while snipers were visible on nearby rooftops . "  It 's very tense inside Change Square now , because there is a fear that government forces might attempt to come into Change Square and take it over at any time , " one of the protesters , who asked to remain anonymous due to security concerns , told CNN . A nearby resident said the fighting had subsided after midnight , however . "  We 're still hearing bombs and gunfire , but not as much as we were just an hour ago , " the resident said . The fighting erupted May 23 , after Saleh balked at a deal negotiated by Persian Gulf states that would have eased him from office in 30 days . The intensity of the fighting in the capital , where most of Yemen 's security forces and army units are based , has increased fears that the country is on the verge of civil war . Saleh has ruled Yemen since 1978 , and the nation has been a key U.S. ally in the battle against the al Qaeda terrorist network . But Yemen was caught up in the wave of protests that swept the Arab world after the January ouster of Tunisia 's longtime strongman , leaving Saleh battling both peaceful and violent resistance movements . The impoverished , arid and mountainous nation has a weak central government and contains vast stretches where tribal law reigns supreme . A fresh group of about 1,000 armed tribesmen were seen entering Sanaa early Thursday , Sanaa resident Nageeb Mujaili said . "  We asked them why they were going to Sanaa armed , " said Mujaili . "  And they said to support their leader , Sheikh Sadeq Al-Ahmar . " Yemeni state television reported that government forces had beaten back tribal fighters from areas of the capital near the Ministry of Tourism building on Thursday , and Sanaa residents reported hearing explosions near the presidential palace , a government source said . "  The reason the street fighting in Sanaa has gotten a lot more intense in the past several hours is because special forces are now involved , " said the source , who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . "  The special forces of the Republican Guard , the elite units , got involved on Wednesday . They 're being used because the government wants to minimize collateral damage and the special forces have particular training in clearing fighters from buildings . " A security official at Sanaa International Airport said inbound and outbound flights were halted due because of security concerns over clashes near the airport . But the official , who is not authorized to speak to the media , said that the airport itself is not closed .	NEW : New fighting reported near the home of the leader of a tribal revolt NEW : Protesters fired on in Change Square , witnesses report NEW : The headquarters of Yemen 's national airline has been set ablaze , witnesses say NEW : A government spokesman says victory is near ; tribal official dismisses the claim
CNN  -- The chairman of the Australian radio network at the heart of a hoax call targeting Prince William 's pregnant wife has called the apparent suicide of one of the nurses duped by the prank "  truly tragic . " "  It is too early to know the full details leading to this tragic event and we are anxious to review the results of an investigation , " Southern Cross Austereo 's Max Moore-Wilton wrote Sunday in a letter to the head of King Edward VII 's Hospital in London . The hospital , where a nurse apparently committed suicide after being duped by two DJs from Australian radio station 2DayFM , has condemned the radio station in a strongly worded letter . The DJs , impersonating Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , called the hospital Tuesday and gained information about the condition of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge -- which they subsequently played on air . On Friday , the nurse who transferred the call through to the ward , Jacintha Saldanha , was found dead . Opinion : Why airing the prank call was wrong London 's Metropolitan Police have contacted Australian authorities in relation to the call , but "  are not discussing about what or with who " they 're talking , a spokesman told CNN . A spokeswoman for New South Wales Police in Australia told CNN : "  As the investigation into the death of London nurse Jacintha Saldhana continues , New South Wales Police will be providing London 's Metropolitan Police with whatever assistance they require . " Southern Cross said all advertising had been pulled from 2DayFM until "  at least the end of business Monday " after several large advertisers pulled out . Ben Barboza , Saldanha 's husband , expressed grief over his wife 's death in a post on Facebook : "  I am devastated with the tragic loss of my beloved wife Jacintha in tragic circumstances , She will be laid to rest in Shirva , India . " Saldanha 's daughter posted a photo of herself with her mother and wrote : "  I miss you , I loveeee you . Jacintha saldanha . " The chairman of the hospital where the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge was a patient slammed the Australian radio station 's decision to broadcast the recorded prank call as "  truly appalling " on Saturday , "  King Edward VII 's Hospital cares for sick people , and it was extremely foolish of your presenters even to consider trying to lie their way through to one of our patients , let alone actually make the call , " wrote hospital chairman Lord Glenarthur . "  The immediate consequence of these premeditated and ill-considered actions was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients . " "  The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is , frankly , tragic beyond words . " Lord Glenarthur called on the radio station to take steps "  to ensure that such an incident could never be repeated . " The fallout from Saldanha 's death has stretched from Britain to Australia -- with questions being raised about how far is too far in the effort to find out details about Catherine 's pregnancy . The two Australian DJs behind the practical joke , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , have come under fire , with some using the phrase "  blood on your hands " to condemn their actions on the Sydney-based radio station . "  Pranksters Face World Fury , " screamed the front-page of the UK 's Daily Mirror on Saturday , while Daily Telegraph columnist Bryony Gordon said it was "  not so funny to hear two grown adults call up a hospital ward full of sick people to try to scam information about one of them . " Read more : Nurse 's death casts glare on ` shock jocks ' The DJs have since apologized , and "  mutually decided " to go off the air for an undetermined period , Rhys Holleran , CEO of the Southern Cross Austereo media group , said Saturday during a news conference . But he defended the legality of the station 's action , saying he was "  very confident that we have n't done anything illegal . " "  This is a tragic event that could not have been reasonably foreseen , and we are deeply saddened by it , " he said . The Australian Communications and Media Authority , the country 's media regulator , has not yet commented on the case . However , it will be "  engaging with the licensee , Today FM Sydney , around the facts and issues surrounding the prank call , " said the regulator 's chairman , Chris Chapman . News of Saldanha 's death broke Friday , with the hospital saying she "  was recently the victim of a hoax call . " London 's Metropolitan Police said that Saldanha , 46 , had living quarters in central London provided by her workplace . Police said they were notified Friday morning that a woman was found unconscious at the address . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Police are treating the death as "  unexplained . " A postmortem examination will be held next week , police said . A spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron said Saturday that he "  thinks this is a very sad case and his thoughts are with her family and colleagues . " Throughout the controversy surrounding the hoax , authorities did not identify the nurse . Her identity was released after her death . Audio of the call posted online suggests a woman spoke briefly to the DJs before she put the call through early Tuesday morning to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness . "  They were the world 's worst accents ever . We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on . We did n't even know what to say when we got through , " Greig told listeners Thursday . Off the air , Greig and Christian tweeted about the practical joke on Thursday and earlier Friday , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " The pair 's Twitter accounts were taken down late Friday . Some listeners applauded the prank , like one who identified himself as Guido on the station 's Facebook page and wrote , "  It is only a joke people ! it was great i love it !!! " Others were outraged , with negative comments outnumbering positive ones on 2DayFM 's Facebook page even before the nurse 's death . "  Your stunt was done at a time in this country where there is paranoia about the intrusion of the media into people 's lives , " Gary Slenders wrote . "  I know you will say it is harmless fun , the management of 2DayFM will say that it wo n't happen again , but this is exactly where the phone hacking scandal started . " The outcry grew exponentially after the hospital confirmed Saldanha 's death , leading the Coles supermarket chain to remove all its advertising from 2DayFM . "  This death is on your conscience , " reads one Facebook post . Several accused the two of having "  blood on your hands . " Saldanha 's family released a statement asking for privacy and directing questions to police . She is survived by her husband and two children . "  We as a family are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved Jacintha , " said the statement , released by police . Saldanha worked at King Edward VII 's Hospital for more than four years , and she was described as an "  excellent nurse , " well-respected by co-workers , the hospital statement said . The hospital "  had been supporting her throughout this difficult time , " it said . A St. James ' Palace spokesman said : "  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are deeply saddened to learn of the death . "  Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well at all times by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital , and their thoughts and prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha 's family , friends and colleagues at this very sad time . " Separately , a palace spokesman told CNN : "  At no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " The hospital said Wednesday that it deeply regretted the call had been put through . CNN Wires and CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	` We are anxious to review the results of an investigation , " radio network chief writes London police contact Australian authorities in relation to DJs ' prank call to hospital Hospital chairman slams "  truly appalling " decision to air the prank call on 2Day FM Nurse Jacintha Saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on Catherine
CNN  -- Here in Boston , people will grieve for many days . How could anyone be so evil as to plant a bomb that would murder an 8-year-old child , rip the legs off parents and devastate a celebration of athletics that is pure joy . These were murders that wrench the soul . But if these cowards thought they would scare this city -- that their acts of terror would actually terrorize -- they picked the wrong place . Boston , as President Barack Obama so rightly said Monday night , is a "  tough and resilient town " -- always has been and always will be . It will heal but will not forget ; it will care for the wounded but will make the murderers pay their price . Boston has a reputation as an intellectual town , and it is that . Two of the world 's best universities are here , along with a dozen other fine colleges and universities . It is electric with creativity and innovation . As they showed again after the bombing , its doctors and hospitals are world-class . Citizens can find a great concert or art gallery anytime they want . No wonder that in contrast to most other aging cities , young and old are streaming here to live these days . But that does n't mean Boston is soft . Just the opposite . Boston has plenty of fight , too -- just ask any team that has banged up against the Patriots , Red Sox , Celtics or Bruins . Since 2004 , do n't forget , Boston has won championships in all four major sports . That does n't happen to softies . Rothkopf : In the face of terror , keep calm The graveyards here are full of glorious men and women -- brave souls who carved the first communities out of wilderness , stood up first against British oppression , stood up first against the abomination of slavery , stood up early for the rights of women , and in recent years has stood up early and often for the rights of gays and lesbians . Harvard has lots of Nobel laureates , but it is also proud that it has the largest number of Medal of Honor winners of any university , save the military academies . Traditionally , the marathon itself occurs on Patriots ' Day in Massachusetts -- a moment when people take time off to remember Lexington and Concord . One can watch re-enactments of the British marching to rid themselves of rebels -- and men without uniform but deadeyes with a rifle picking them off from the woods . If you want to remember the grit of the early men and women of Massachusetts , pull down your copies of David McCullough 's histories . Reread "  1776 " and its fabulous stories of Bunker Hill and lifting the British siege of Boston  when men pulled cannons all the way across Massachusetts to chase away the most powerful navy in the world  . Or reread "  John Adams , " the book that was originally intended to be about Adams and Jefferson -- until McCullough fell out of love with Jefferson and into love with Abigail . One of my favorite episodes in the Adams book occurs when her husband insists on taking their teenage son , John Quincy , on a perilous voyage to England . Abigail writes a farewell letter to John Quincy that captures the New England spirit : "  It is not in the still calm of life , or the repose of a pacific station , that great characters are formed . The habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties . Great necessities call out great virtues ... qualities which would otherwise lay dormant wake into life and form the character of the hero and the statesman . " In most of the country , that spirit is called toughness ; in New England , it is often called hardiness . And with the passage of time , it has not disappeared . LZ : It can happen anywhere Monday 's bombings cap a 50-year period for Boston that has been marked by violence , tragedy and grief . It started with the assassination of a favorite son , John F. Kennedy , in 1963 , and continued with the assassination of his brother Robert , later the plane crash of young John Jr. and the loss of another brother , Ted . So much sadness across these years . Yet there has been more . Massachusetts lost 1,537 in Vietnam , 12 in the first Gulf War , and 118 so far in Iraq and Afghanistan . On 9/11 , two of those planes flew from Boston 's Logan International Airport . Violence has also stalked the streets of Boston , but as they have done so often , people here stood up against the tide . In the late 1980s , gang violence and murder were rampant ; by 1990 , Boston felt like Chicago today as it had the highest number of killings in its history , many among the young . Opinion : Our ` greatest day ' turns to horror But even if it is occasionally knocked down , as it was by these bombings , the real Boston story is how it always gets up again . That spree in the '80s and early '90s of kids killing kids , even at funerals , so shocked the city that leaders of all stripes -- political , religious , business , nonprofit -- initiated a comprehensive , community-based strategy to reach at-risk youth early , and over five years , the rate of youth homicides dropped 80 % . There was an upward spike in the mid 2000s , but the numbers are now again falling steadily . War , violence , tragedy -- Boston wo n't surrender to darker forces . Monday 's bombings shattered any feeling of safety . People here looked with horror into the abyss . But count on it : Boston is still alive with the spirit of Abigail Adams . Great necessities will call out great virtues , and qualities that may seem dormant will wake into life , forming the character of new heroes and new leaders . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Bostonians will grieve , but terrorists picked the wrong city to try to frighten He says the city is an intellectual , cultural bastion but it 's not soft He says Abigail Adams ' letter to son heading into peril captured tough New England spirit Gergen : Difficulties "  call out great virtues , " she said in letter
CNN  -- Four white doves were released Wednesday after funeral services for an Indiana woman and her three children , dead in what police describe as a murder-suicide . Investigators believe Amanda Bennett , 30 , shot her three children -- 14-year-old Jasmine Abbott , 9-year-old Katelynn Bennett and 4-year-old Ryan Bennett -- in their Austin , Indiana , home , set a small fire in the house and then turned the gun on herself . Services were held at First Christian Church in nearby Scottsburg , Charlotte Bennett , the grandmother of two of the children , told CNN . "  There were thousands of people there , " she said . The caskets were taken out to the parking lot after the funeral . The song "  Come to Jesus " was performed and the doves were released , she said . "  It was an awesome -LSB- moment -RSB- . " Police conducting a welfare check on the family last Friday found the bodies . The family 's dog was also shot , but it survived and was being treated at a veterinary clinic , Indiana State Police said . The children were out of school on Friday because of a recent snowstorm , Indiana State Police spokesman Sgt. Jerry Goodin told CNN Wednesday . Investigators believe the children were asleep when they were shot , he said . Friends told reporters Amanda and John Bennett , father of the two younger children , had marital problems . A divorce petition filed two weeks before the deaths , obtained by CNN affiliate WAVE , said the two had been separated since October . Amanda Bennett , in the petition , had asked for temporary custody of the children . Court filings show the couple had also declared bankruptcy in 2009 , WAVE said . The couple were supposed to be at divorce hearing this Friday , Charlotte Bennett said . Her son , John , was seeking joint custody of the children , she said . The grandmother said Amanda lived with her a couple of years before dating John . "  She was an awesome mother , " Charlotte Bennett said . Charlotte Bennett said she spoke with Amanda several hours before the bodies were found . "  She seemed to be fine . " Jasmine was a typical teen girl who linked to primp and Katelynn was smart and loved everything , Charlotte Bennett said . "  Ryan was all boy . " The two younger children were buried with their mother while Jasmine will be buried in another town where her father lives , Charlotte Bennett said . Jasmine was "  like a daughter " to John Bennett , Charlotte said . Thousands of people turned out Tuesday during a six-hour visitation for the four , according to CNN affiliate WRTV . "  I came out here to ... show my support for John and his family and to give them my prayers , " Rhonda Jones told WAVE , referring to the father of the two youngest children . "  They had their whole lives in front of them , " William Bellamy , who attended the visitation , told CNN affiliate WHAS of the children . "  Their mom took the best part of their years , really ... because they could have turned out to be anything . " In a statement , family spokesman Roger Gay told WAVE , "  We want to thank family , friends and the community for support and prayers through this tragedy . John is in shock and will be for a long time . " Charlotte Bennett echoed that sentiment , saying of her son , "  He 's kind of in shock . He lost his whole world . " Goodin told CNN that authorities examined online content as part of their investigation , including a posting purportedly from Amanda Bennett that blamed her husband . "  You got what you wanted , " the posting said , according to CNN affiliate WDRB . "  No wife and no kids . " However , the motive is unclear , and probably will remain that way , Goodin said . "  The only person that knows the motive is Amanda , " he said . Austin is about 35 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . A neighbor of the Bennetts told CNN Wednesday that Amanda was considerate of her and friendly . "  I do n't see how she could have done it , " said Ruby C. Gay . "  It really upset me terrible . She was always good to the children . " "  They were wonderful children and well-behaved , " according to Gay , who said she used to give treats to the children . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands attend services for mother , three children NEW : Neighbor , children 's grandmother call Amanda Bennett good mother Family spokesman says they are grateful for support Police say Amanda Bennett killed her three children , then herself
The FBI is investigating the armed standoff on federal land between the U.S. government and Southern Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and his supporters , CNN has confirmed . The government is looking into the possibility that federal laws were broken in the April 12 standoff , including threats against law enforcement officers and the use of illegal weapons . Federal authorities are also concerned about the possible involvement of anti-government groups . While authorities are interested in not inflaming the situation , reports of people pointing weapons at law enforcement need to be investigated , a federal official told CNN . Las Vegas television station KLAS reported that pictures and videos from the standoff are being examined and law enforcement personnel involved are being questioned by the FBI to determine if Bundy supporters broke any laws . An estimated 300 people , many toting weapons , joined Bundy when the federal government began to round up his cattle after he refused to vacate federally owned land and pay more than $ 1 million in fees . The faceoff that began last month is the culmination of a two-decade-long fight between Bundy and the Bureau of Land Management , which says Bundy illegally tends his cattle on taxpayer-owned land about 100 miles northeast of Las Vegas . What made Nevada rancher fight the feds ? Bundy became a conservative symbol of government overreach as some high-profile politicians , including Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Rand Paul of Kentucky , flocked to his defense . But after he repeatedly made racist remarks , his clout diminished among the political class . The Bureau of Land Management halted the cattle roundup and is considering what to do next , including arresting Bundy for failing to follow the law , seizing his assets through the Treasury Department or sending the case to the Department of Justice .	The FBI is investigating the armed standoff on federal lands An estimated 300 people , many toting weapons , joined Bundy
Winter is the season to come down with colds . Awful , sniffling , sneezing , muscle-achy colds . We know cold weather has something to do with this . Or do we ? We spoke with two experts -- Dr. Sorana Segal-Maurer , chief of the Dr. James J. Rahal Jr. . Division of Infectious Disease at New York Hospital Queens , and Dr. Brian P. Currie , vice president and senior medical director of the Montefiore Medical Center in New York -- to find out the truth once and for all . The rumor : Cold weather causes colds Why is winter the common-cold season ? It 's a common perception that when the weather gets colder , we tend to get sick more . This is why we bundle up in warm clothes before facing the elements : We want to protect ourselves against frigid weather because we do n't want to catch colds . The verdict : Cold weather does not cause colds According to Segal-Maurer , it is n't actually the cold weather that causes the common cold , it 's what we do when it gets cold out . "  When the weather turns cold , " she says , "  we all run indoors , where air is recycled and we 're often in close quarters with other people and viruses . We all sneeze on top of each other . " This is why the cold season is the same -- though maybe not as severe -- in warmer climates like Los Angeles as it is in colder ones like New York or Chicago . "  Dry and cold conditions are probably more high-risk situations for viruses because of dry mucosa , " adds Segal-Maurer . The mucosa , she says , is what lines your trachea , the back of your throat and your sinuses . Viruses invade the mucosa and start growing , causing your cold . And that 's viruses -- as in , plural . The common cold is n't just one type of virus : When you say "  I 've got a cold , " that could mean you have one of many bugs . "  There are a variety of different cold viruses , " says Currie , " ... so it makes sense that there is no one therapy to treat a cold . " The strength of our own immune system also plays a big part in how susceptible we are to colds , and how severe they might be . "  The extremes are the young babies , the older adults , those with underlying medical conditions , " explains Segal-Maurer . "  But even those who take low-dose steroids -- those people do n't make as many antibodies , and the cells that are supposed to fight infection are not as well equipped to do that . So when they do get a cold , it 's more severe . We 're all susceptible , but what may be a 24-hour cold for me may be a week  of illness -RSB- for somebody else . "	Spending more time indoors in cold weather can foster the spread of viruses Dry and cold conditions may make it easier for the cold virus to invade A cold could actually be one of many bugs
EW.com  -- Poor Erika Van Pelt . The clear-voiced mobile DJ went all out on "  American Idol " and all she got was this lousy Kris Jenner haircut .  I said I liked it yesterday , but everything looks different now . Erika just never had a proper "  Idol " moment on the live stage , and she 's not a tiny teen . I think it boils down to that . The tiny teens will overtake us all . They 're outside your window , waiting to strike , right now . You just ca n't see them because they 're so young , and quick , and relevant . Pinch yourself . Are you even there ? You may have become obsolete just reading this . Heejun Han and DeAndre Brackensick joined Erika in the bottom three . The Hair Up There was a tepid mess Wednesday night , but Heejun , who wore "  I 've given up " track pants for the results show , should have been the one to go home . Jimmy Iovine hammered home Steven Tyler 's "  wake up call " remarks to Heejun from Wednesday in his taped comments , comparing Heejun 's clownish performance of "  My Life " to "  four minutes of a bad Adam Sandler movie that goes straight to DVD . " Heejun , shown in the corner of the screen during Jimmy 's rant , was all "  So what , Adam Sandler is awesome , you b ****** still ca n't faze me ! " But Jimmy threw it down . "  Interscope has to spend a lot of money on someone who wins the show , and that 's not it . " Seacrest asked Heejun to respond , and the class clown offered two confounding non-clarifications for his behavior . 1  "  When I was ripping the clothes off , it was a metaphor for who I really am , " and 2  "  I 'm not trying to be a star . I 'm just really happy where I am , so ... " It 's to Erika 's credit that she did n't slap him here , knowing she was probably headed home in a few minutes instead of this bleary-eyed prankster who 'd just announced he was n't too interested in a singing career after all . Oh honey . That attitude simply will not fly , especially when you work with kids in J. Lo 's native Bronx . "  You should n't sell yourself short . You should teach those kids they can be stars , too , " Jenny sweetly reminded Heejun , her "  superpink " gown blowing up a giant bubble of disappointment that soon encapsulated all three judges . Ryan had to cut to commercial and then pop the bubble with one of Randy 's spare pins . Psssssst . J. Lo . Heejun Han is not a star !!! Here is a star . THIS ! Is "  American Idol . " No , seriously , this is practically the logo for the show , but way better . Haley Reinhart is a bada ** b * tch . To perform the hell out of her new single "  Free , " Haley Reinhart wore a long , gauzy red gown with some severe Angelina Leg and a sparkly hair clip that put Randy 's pin collection to shame . Aggggh ! I 've watched this maybe ... 15 times ? 20 ? And I spent the afternoon listening to "  Free " and Haley 's studio recordings from season 10 of "  Idol " on Spotify . I 'd forgotten how much I love her -- and what a stunning visual performer she is . I lose my breath a little whenever she throws one arm up in the air with her signature "  I love singing ! " dreamy expression and head tilt . But that 's probably because I 'm so unhealthy and never get off of my couch . Let 's go , America ! Make Haley happen ! "  The breakout star known as Lana Del Rey " barely croaked out "  Video Games " in a pre-taped segment . If you 're unfamiliar with this creature , she is an old woman who crawled out of a dumpster behind a vintage clothing store in east L.A. and wandered onto "  the scene . " They scrubbed her off , restricted her to a diet of cigarettes and virginal white clothing , and now she 's everywhere . I do n't quite understand it either . I will say that Lana Del Rey 's studio recordings are a million bazillion times better than anything she does live . This demo version of "  Diet Mtn Dew " in particular was my first introduction to her and is not terrible . Does she suffer from chronic severe pain , do you think ? Why does she always look so wretched as she whimpers out notes ? My guess is that she knows they 're going to be the wrong ones so she 's just bracing herself . We all are . Meanwhile , Steven Tyler 's birthday is coming up , so the Top 10 awkwardly sang to him with ... JOE PERRY ! No one in the first few rows knows who that is ! How uncomfortable ! Anyway , the surprise appearance was a big deal because Aerosmith 's lead guitarist had been pretty vocally anti- "  Idol " back when Steven first decided to do the show . I could still sense his inner cringe , but hey , it 's Steven 's birthday . The graphics department even went all out with WIGGLING COMIC SANS . Oh , "  Idol , " you should n't have . Please do n't ever again . So this week the Top 9 -- Colton , Jessica , Phillip , Hollie , Elise , Skylar , Joshua , DeAndre , and Heejun  did I just name my Top 9 Power List ?!  -- will move into the "  American Idol " mansion . Hopefully this one wo n't flood . But I do hope someone falls down the stairs like Lauren Alaina . I do n't want anyone to get hurt , but I want it to happen . It 'll be fine . "  It 's a cool mansion , " confirmed Ryan . "  All mansions are cool . " He would know ! Are you pissed about these results ? Do you think the judges should have used their save on Erika even though clearly voters were n't connecting with her ? Read what Erika told EW after her elimination -- about her vocal limitations , those party favors , and Idol 's "  women of a certain age " problem -- here . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Erika Van Pelt was sent home Former contestant Haley Reinhart performed her new single "  Free " Steven Tyler 's birthday is coming up , so the Top 10 sang to him with Joe Perry
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban has executed a pregnant widow accused of adultery in western Afghanistan , provincial and district officials said Monday . The 47-year-old woman , Sanam Gul , also known as Sanam Bibi , was killed in Badghis province Saturday morning , said Ashrafuddin Majidi , the provincial governor 's spokesman . The district governor of Qades , Hashim Habibi , confirmed the execution . He said the woman was accused of adultery that left her pregnant . The Taliban shadow district governor , Mullah Abdul Hakim , and his judge ordered the woman to be executed , he said . Mohammad Yousuf , a Taliban commander , carried out the execution , shooting the woman in her head , Habibi said . The International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan condemned the killing . "  This tragic gruesome brutality is an example of Taliban justice , " said U.S. Army Col. Rafael Torres , director of the ISAF Joint Command Combined Joint Operations Center . "  This is not what the people of Afghanistan want -- they want peace and freedom and that 's what we 're going to help provide . " The statement from the ISAF cited reports that the widow was whipped 200 times before she was shot .	The 47-year-old woman was killed Saturday morning The Taliban accused her of adultery , a local official said Woman was whipped before she was shot
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A prosecutor in the involuntary manslaughter case against Dr. Conrad Murray asked the judge Thursday to delay the trial , which is set to begin in a month . Murray , who is charged in the death of pop star Michael Jackson , invoked his right to a speedy trial within 60 days of his arraignment , but the prosecution complained the defense has not met its duty to share information about potential witnesses . "  I do not take notes when talking to a witness , " defense lawyer Michael Flanigan told Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor during a hearing Thursday . Judge Pastor scolded Flanagan and his co-cousel Ed Chernoff for not providing more details to the prosecution about the testimony they expect from the 93 people listed as potential defense witnesses . "  There are sanctions , including monetary and continuances , and also including preclusion of a witness , " the judge warned . Judge Pastor appeared caught by surprise at Murray 's arraignment last month when defense lawyers invoked his right to hava a trial within 60 days . Flanagan , outside of court Thursday , said the defense will be ready when jury selection is scheduled to start on March 24 . "  The defendant has a right to go to trial within 60 days , " he said . "  I do n't think there 's any obligation for him to be completely ready 30 days before he 's set to go to trial , if that were the true then what would we do the last 30 days ? " Judge Pastor ordered Murray 's lawyers to create written summaries of what they 've been told by witnesses in interviews . "  I guess we 'll have to go out and take some more statements and tell the prosecution a little buit more about where we 're coming from , " Flanagan said . Judge Pastor set a hearing for Monday morning to consider the prosecution request for a delay . The judge also delayed making a decision until next week on allowing a new lawyer to join Murray 's defense team until he can determine if there is a conflict of interest . The lawyer , Nareg Gourjian , had worked on Michael Jackson 's child molestation defense . Murray wants Gourjian to replace Joseph Low , who left the defense team earlier this month . Gourjian 's former law firm , headed by lawyer Mark Geragos , raised the possible conflict of interest because the firm represented Jackson for two years starting in 2003 , when he was charged with child molestation . Geragos , and Michael Jackson estate 's lawyer , Howard Weitzman , appeared in court Thursday to discuss the matter . But Judge Pastor asked them to return next week to meet privately because it involves "  very sensitive material . " Gourjian told the judge last week that he was "  in no way involved " in the Jackson case because he was "  a brand-new lawyer " busy working on the a murder case at the time . Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 from what the coroner ruled was an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol .	Prosecutors complain the defense has not shared witness notes Murray 's lawyers say they do n't take notes The judge will consider delaying the trial next week The trial is set to start March 24
The number of confirmed dead keeps rising in a Mumbai , India , building-collapse -- a tragedy that may have never happened if the warnings had been heeded months ago . A council had warned that the five-story building was rickety . It was visibly dilapidated and worn . Vacate it , they advised in a notice in April . But when it pancaked down into rubble and dust on Friday , over 100 people may have still been inside . Fifty people are confirmed dead and 33 are so far known to have survived the collapse , officials said . Officials had previously said 60 people were injured in the collapse . Another dozen or more people may still be buried -- either dead or alive -- under the mounds of brick and concrete and the rescue operation continues , officials said . Now sniffer dogs and rescuers offer the only way out . They were able to pull an 11-year-old girl from the debris , when she cried out to them that she was alive . Rescue personnel "  are closely monitoring any noises or movement from under the debris that can lead us to people trapped inside , " said Sachidanand Gawde , deputy commandant at the National Disaster Response Force . But they have n't heard a sound from beneath their feet since midday Saturday . The rescuers are digging with their hands , as heavy machinery stands aside out of fear it could crush pockets in the rubble where survivors may be clinging to life . The residents of the collapsed building may have stayed , because they had no place else to go . They likely did not want to let go of the roof over their heads in a city where demand for housing far exceeds supply . Living space is expensive in Mumbai , India 's financial hub . Many residents of the makeshift building were poor , unskilled workers for the Bombay Municipal Corporation , which ironically , had issued a notice that the building had gone bad . Repairs followed the warnings , and there were plans for future repairs , a spokesman for Brihanmumbai Municipal Council , which owns the building , said . The rubble and lost lives have put an end to those plans . Several buildings in the Mumbai area have crumbled this year , one of them with disastrous consequences . In April , scores of people were killed in the collapse of a multistory building in Thane , a city in the Mumbai region . Deadly collapses have occurred in the city in past years , as well . Housing rights groups say many old buildings in the city are rundown and neglected , while newer ones are often built illegally , using substandard materials and have structural defects .	A council urged residents to vacate the building months ago It was rickety and dangerous , a notice warned The old residential building in southern Mumbai gave way early Friday Around 22 apartments were occupied on the building 's upper floors , the owner says
CNN  -- Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton has become the latest high-profile British sports star to regret a hastily dashed off tweet after lashing out at McLaren teammate Jenson Button on Twitter Hamilton accused fellow Briton Button of "  unfollowing " him -- not subscribing to his tweets -- on the micro-blogging site , before later discovering his colleague had never followed him . The tweets were sent just hours after the conclusion of the Japanese Grand Prix , where Button finished one place above Hamilton in fourth position . The 2008 world champion Hamilton will leave McLaren at the end of the 2012 season to join German team Mercedes in a three-year deal . "  Just noticed @jensonbutton unfollowed , thats a shame . After 3 years as teammates , I thought we respected one another but clearly he does n't , " tweeted Hamilton from his personal account , which has over one million followers . He went on to add : "  Funny thing is , we are STILL teammates ! All good tho , I plan on giving this team & fans all I got til I cross the finish line in Brazil !!! " Hamilton is currently fourth in the drivers ' standings , 42 points behind Ferrari 's championship leader Fernando Alonso . Button is sixth , 31 points adrift of his colleague . The 27-year-old later retracted the outburst , saying : "  My bad , just found out Jenson never followed me . Do n't blame him ! Need to be on Twitter more ! " It is not the first time Hamilton has fallen foul of an over eager tweet . Earlier this season he had to remove a Twitter post that had divulged sensitive team information . Hamilton 's latest Twitter mishap comes days after England soccer player Ashley Cole used the website to aim an insult at the Football Association  FA  . Cole was reacting to an FA report which outlined the reasons why the organization hit Chelsea captain John Terry with a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . The evidence given by Cole , a teammate of Terry 's , during the disciplinary process had been criticized in the report . The defender , who has been charged with misconduct by the FA , tweeted : "  Hahahahaa , well done #fa I lied did I , #BUNCHOFTWATS " . He later apologized "  unreservedly " . Meanwhile Alonso 's Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa hopes his first podium finish since the 2010 Korean Grand Prix will help him to secure his place at the Italian team for next season . The Brazilian has failed to recapture his best form since fracturing his skull in 2009 and his future has been the subject of much speculation in recent months . "  Being back on the podium after almost two years away is just great and I feel really uplifted , " Massa told a post-race press conference after finishing second behind Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel . "  They have been two tough years for me and , sometimes , a million things go through your mind , some of them bad , but finally I can be happy ! It 's an important result psychologically and also in terms of my future , at least I think so ! "	Lewis Hamilton accuses Jenson Button of "  unfollowing " him on Twitter Hamilton and Button are teammates at McLaren , although Hamilton will leave in 2013 The 2008 world champion will join German manufacturer Mercedes Felipe Massa hopes a podium finish in Japan will ensure his future at Ferrari
CNN  -- If kings and queens are able to savor the best things in life , why should n't they get to retire , too ? It 's not traditional , and it kind of goes against one of the biggest perks of being a king or queen -- a secure job for life . But it happens , as the world saw Monday . King Juan Carlos I of Spain became the latest royal to say he 's stepping down . It 's "  time to hand over to a new generation , " the 76-year-old announced in a televised address , declaring that he 's leaving the job he 's had for nearly four decades . His son , Crown Prince Felipe , 46 , will take over . The Spanish King is one of several monarchs to step down in recent years . Queen B takes her leave In January 2013 , Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands passed the crown to her son Prince Willem-Alexander . He was 46 at the time . Queen Beatrix had been ruling for more than three decades . Much beloved by the Dutch people , she tried to assure them that her retirement did n't mean she was taking off for Florida and forsaking their love . "  This does n't mean that I 'm taking leave from you , " she told a throng of admirers in Dam Square outside the palace in Amsterdam . Her abdication was a move marked by tradition in the Netherlands -- knowing that it 's best to go out while on top , historians say . Queen Beatrix was the third successive Dutch monarch to abdicate , following her grandmother and her mother . "  Beatrix 's abdication was n't controversial , " explained royal commentator and historian Richard Fitzwilliams . "  The people were happy with that and no one thought less of the monarchy . " A father to son handoff in Belgium In July 2013 , King Albert II of Belgium gave up his kingship , reportedly over concerns that he was too old to carry out his duties . Those duties include "  suggesting , advising , warning and encouraging " lawmakers in the country , according to Belgium 's government website . King Albert was 79 when he retired . He had ruled for 20 years . His son , a 53-year-old trained fighter pilot who became King Philippe , took over . The country had been in turmoil at the time , torn between the North and South where residents spoke different languages . A pope quits  and makes history Europe must have been especially lovely in 2013 , because even the Pope did n't want to keep working . An unprecedented "  I quit " came in February when the Vatican announced that Pope Benedict XVI -- Germany 's Joseph Ratzinger -- was leaving the papacy . His "  advanced age " was the reason he wanted out , the Vatican said . The then-85-year-old had led the Catholic church since 2005 . He became the first pope in nearly 600 years to leave the post . So what do monarchs -- and one pope -- do when they retire ? Benedict 's retirement has n't been all that different from anyone else 's . Archbishop Georg Ganswein told Reuters that Benedict has been doing a lot of reading , reflecting and praying . He 's taking walks in the Vatican gardens , playing the piano and receiving guests at a monastery . He 's mostly a homebody , making only a few public appearances , such as the canonization ceremonies for Popes John XXIII and John Paul II in April . A change of the guard in Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani , the Emir of Qatar , abdicated and transferred power to his son in 2013 . Sheikh Hamad , who gained power in 1995 after overthrowing his father , sent out a public message to announce his plans . "  I declare that I will hand over the reins of power to Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani and I am fully certain that he is up to the responsibility , deserving the confidence , capable of shouldering the responsibility and fulfilling the mission , " according to the Independent . Sheikh Hamad 's decision to cede power willingly was a first in the modern history of the region . The norm is for Gulf leaders to rule for decades until their death or until circumstances conspire to overthrow them , such as the Arab Spring uprisings that toppled leaders in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya . His son , Sheikh Tamim , became the youngest monarch in the region at the age of 33 . Spanish selfies and change In Spain on Monday after the King announced his departure , tourists took selfies in front of the royal palace in Madrid . Some gazed through the gates . "  Change is good , new blood could be good , why not ? " said Spaniard Natividad Andres . "  Everything is so unpredictable , you think about politicians that offer you one thing and give you another and things continue to work . " Lola Garcia told Reuters that she worried about what the abdication indicated . "  It 's a shame . I 'm really sorry , " she said . "  I do n't know what 's going to become of Spain and I do n't like what I see coming . " On Monday , the King noted in his speech that Spain had been suffering financially . "  The long , deep economic crisis we are going through has left a lot of scars socially , but it has also pointed toward a future of hope , " he said . Royal watcher Fitzwilliams called King Juan Carlos ' abdication a "  real tragedy . " "  He wanted to go down in history as the king who was a symbol of national unity for a very disparate Spain , " Fitzwilliams said . "  Spaniards -- many of them older -- are great admirers of him . " There was still a "  tremendous amount of good will " toward the King , he said , despite scandals that had lately rocked his rule . King Juan Carlos ' popularity took a hit in 2012 when he fell and broke his hip while on a trip in Botswana , and Spanish news outlets began running a photo from the trip that showed him next to an elephant he had shot . The image appalled many Spaniards . Fitzwilliams recalled Monday , however , that the King had , in his long rule , managed to bring together fractious political groups in Spain and stop a right-wing military coup in 1981 . "  He 's done the country enormous service , " Fitzwilliams said . Could a British royal be next ? The news of King Juan Carlos ' abdication did n't shock British author and historian Kate Williams . "  We 've seen this in Belgium and the Netherlands , " she said . "  I think it 's often thought that rule should go to someone who is young and vibrant and fun . But you will never see it in the United Kingdom . Never . " Queen Elizabeth II has said that she believes the job of ruling Britain was given to her by God , and only God can take it away , Williams said . The queen staying in her job is critical to a cohesive sense of culture in Britain , she said . But it 's happened before in the U.K. There 's no way Queen Elizabeth does n't consider the shock waves sent through British society when King Edward VIII abdicated in 1936 . That "  haunts " the palace still , Fitzwilliams said . King Edward caused a huge stir when he declared that he wanted to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson , an act that broke the rules of the Church of England . He gave up the throne and became the Duke of Windsor . Together , the couple toured Germany . It was reported that the former king had Nazi sympathies . He lived out the rest of his life in France . The episode is considered , Fitzwilliams said , a shame on the legacy of the British monarchy .	Netherlands , Belgium and Qatar all had monarchs step down in 2013 King Juan Carlos I of Spain announced Monday he would abdicate Royal watcher says there 's no chance Queen Elizabeth would give up throne
CNN  -- The Indian city of Mumbai exploded into chaos early Thursday morning as gunmen launched a series of attacks across the country 's commercial capital , killing scores of people and taking hostages in two luxury hotels frequented by Westerners . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour says India and Pakistan might be warming toward each other . Chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour spoke about the situation . CNN : An attack this large , this sophisticated , and carried out with no warning could have come from inside India , maybe , maybe outside , maybe a neighboring state could be involved . We turn to Christiane Amanpour . What do you hear ? Christiane Amanpour : Well , Tom , Islamic militants have been stepping up their assaults on Mumbai , which is not just the center of its filmmaking , but the economic and financial hub of India . They have often blamed terror attacks on Islamic militants based in Pakistan . Some , they say , are concerned about , for instance , Indian rule over Kashmir . Al Qaeda also has threatened to attack India in revenge for its policies . Very , very interestingly , this comes at a time when the new president of Pakistan has , in fact , gone further than any previous Pakistani leader in saying they want to improve relations with India , in saying they want to jointly combat terrorism together . The Pakistani president even went so far as saying he would consider renouncing a nuclear strike on India . This is a very confused situation . Although some group has claimed responsibility , nobody knows the motive yet . ... CNN : Talk to me about why it would be in the interest of these people to sever this tie between Pakistan and India . Do they believe India would join in the effort to squeeze them out ? Amanpour : This is the ongoing situation . Certainly , Kashmir is a flashpoint for India and Pakistan , and really back in 2006 , there were Islamic militants blamed for recent attacks . About 180 people were killed there . The one that came closest to pitting India against Pakistan was in 2001 , when Islamic militants attacked the Parliament . Only 12 people were killed , but not compared to what 's happened now , and that almost led to a war between India and Pakistan . Whatever happens in this region is so , so difficult and dangerous because of the flash point it centers on . As I say , though it has come at a time right in the aftermath of the warmest outreach by Pakistan to India in decades . ... CNN : What is , in all of this world picture , Christiane , what is the significance of this ? Amanpour : Well , this is deeply significant , obviously , because it is such a complex and coordinated attack on multitudinous targets , multitudinous locations . Obviously , a large number of militants or terrorists who have taken part in this , and they have engaged the Indian forces , the police and security forces . It 's not like they just put bombs somewhere and allowed them to go off , and either they were suicide attackers who got killed or they were able to remotely detonate their bombs . What they 've done is not just attack , take hostages , but engage also with the security forces . So this really ratchets it up a very significant level . And it 's been coming for about 20 years , these attacks . Small in the last couple of decades , but in the last 10 years or so , particularly since 9/11 , there have been a number of very significant attacks blamed by the Indian forces on Islamic militants . ... This is very , very dangerous in this part of the world . Mumbai is India 's not just gateway to the nation ; it 's its economic and financial hub , and it 's its cultural hub as well , having the Bollywood and the other film production studios there . Nobody quite knows who it is and why they have done it . This is the thing that is very difficult and dangerous at the moment . This little-known group , if it 's true that they exist , have claimed responsibility , although that has not been confirmed , so-called Deccan Mujahedeen , and what is the motive ? There has obviously for many , many years been a type of feelings by India that , say , 150 or so million Muslims who are in the minority are feeling sort of hard done by in terms of the Hindu majority . There are also complaints by Indian Muslims about the way Kashmir is progressing , that enclave , and that is a huge , huge flashpoint . But what 's really amazing is that often , it 's blamed on tensions with Pakistan . And yet , this comes at a time where the president of Pakistan has -- the new president -- has really made an unprecedented overture to India in terms of trying to warm up relations , trying to secure a lasting peace . And just today , Indian and Pakistani officials were having meetings , and they ended it with a joint declaration that they wanted to cooperate on ending terrorism and combating terrorism . CNN : Christiane , do you see any connection with the recent American elections and this ? Amanpour : Well , it 's hard to tell . People would say that it takes a lot longer than a few weeks to plan something like this . It 's difficult to tell . I 'm sure there will be a huge amount of analysis in the upcoming days and weeks . What is going to be vital is whatever information the Indian security forces can get from some of these terrorists , militants , who 've apparently some may have been captured alive . Obviously , there apparently have been some who have been killed as well . All of this will provide some of those missing pieces of the puzzle . Who are these people ? What is their motive ? Just today , there is an interview with the U.S. Marine Corps commandant as basically saying that al Qaeda 's focus now is Pakistan . There had been some thought that maybe al Qaeda was in the past trying to launch its attacks also in India , but the Indian secret services and the security services say that they do n't have a presence there . But Pakistan is a very , very big worry . It 's a failing state . Afghanistan is practically a failed state right now , even after the U.S. in 2001 sent al Qaeda and the Taliban packing . There 's a very difficult and dangerous situation on this subcontinent that really has been the focus of a lot of attention right now , and indeed , the incoming president has said that he wants to step up the number of U.S. forces . U.S. commanders want more forces in that region as well , not just Afghanistan , but to cope with Pakistan as well . CNN : As you said , there have been a lot of incidents since the year 2000 in India . Why is this one getting so much particular attention ? There was one with over 200 deaths . Amanpour : Well , about 180 in 2006 . But those were sort of multiple bombings in trains and railway stations . But this is one night with , so far , according to our sources , at least 87 people killed , and it 's a brazen attack on the most visible elements and symbols and structures of the economic , the cultural , the tourist , the international hub , as I said , the gateway to India -- which is the world 's largest democracy -- which is not a failed state by any stretch of the imagination . Which has a unified political structure , which has an army and security forces . India is not Pakistan or Afghanistan , and yet this has been able to happen here . And why is it getting so much attention ? Because so many more people than ever before have been killed in one fell swoop , and it 's ongoing , and these people launched pitched battles with the security forces , and they still have hostages , and it appears they deliberately targeted Westerners .	Pakistani leader has gone far in reaching out to India , Amanpour says Nations may even join together to fight terrorism , correspondent says Region of Kashmir has been flashpoint for neighboring nations
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As a journalist , as a human being , the stories of the people around you stick with you . Whether it is in passing memory or in daily wonderment , they are in your mind and many in your heart , engrained forever . CNN 's Atia Abawi , center , with Banafsha  denim jacket  and her siblings and mother . The first story I worked on for CNN in Afghanistan back in November , just as we were opening our new bureau in Kabul , was on a girl who attended a school for street kids called Aschiana . Aschiana , which means "  nest " in Dari , was a place for the nearly 60,000 street kids in the capital city to escape from their terrible reality and get an education . There , we met Banafsha , an 11-year-old girl who along with her two younger sisters would beg on the streets for bread , feeding their family of eight . Her mother would stay home and take care of her baby brothers and their father , she told us , was a heroin addict . Banafsha was young in age but her eyes told of experiences that have taken her far beyond childhood . In our conversations , she spoke with candor and honesty , not allowing emotions to creep in . Until when , she told me that she prayed everyday for a change in her life . Watch Abawi 's first story on Banafsha " "  I say , ` God take me out of this poverty and have my father go work so I can go to school , ' " she said , wiping away one lonely tear . The story received a tremendous response from viewers and readers after it was posted on CNN.com . An organization from the U.S. began to sponsor Banafsha , promising to provide for her . This was great to hear , but it did n't stop me from worrying . Did I bring her more trouble or was she going to be okay ? Every time we would drive around the neighborhood , I would look for her to see if she was among the other street beggars . Were they suffering in the winter cold ? Did they have enough food ? About a week ago , I went to the headquarters of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force with our cameraman Charlie Miller . As we were leaving , we met three little street kids , a sweet girl among them with a beautiful smile -- which made me think of Banafsha and her sisters . The sight of kids begging always breaks my heart because I know that their childhoods are forever stolen by poverty . I am also always scared to give them money because I remembered a story Banafsha told me about her little sister . She was given two dollars by an American , and when the American walked away , an older boy came and punched her 7-year-old little sister in the face , knocking her out . When she woke up , her money was gone . As we were driving away from those children and the smile on the girl 's face , I shared the story with our driver and told him that I wished I knew how Banafsha was doing now . On our way home we decided to stop at a DVD shop , part of our limited entertainment living in Kabul . After making my selection , I walked out and I heard a beggar girl with a familiar smile on her face exclaim , "  You came over to our house ! " There was a girl next to her in a yellow dress also beaming with the same indistinguishable smile , lugging a bag of leftover pieces of bread over her tiny back . Watch Abawi reunite with Banafsha and her family " It was Banafsha 's little sisters : 10-year-old Samira and 7-year-old Tamina . I was so excited to see them and even happier that they recognized me . But I was at the same time dejected that they were still on the streets . They told me that they go to school but they still beg on the streets . However , Banafsha is at home and no longer begging . We went home with them because I wanted to see Banafsha and her mother . On the way to their house in the middle of a Kabul graveyard , Samira told me that her dad left again three days ago and they have no clue where he is . As Samira went to go get her mother , who was nearby at their grandmother 's home , her little brother called Banafsha for us . She came out of a little room in the backyard , used for the wintertime . It holds what is called a "  sandalee , " a table heated by coal that is used by the more impoverished in Afghanistan to stay warm in the torturously cold winter . Banafsha looked drained , her eyes heavy with burden . I heard a baby crying from the room she just left , which had to be her little brother Ajmal . If it was true that she was not begging anymore I knew she was still carrying the weight of her family on her tiny shoulders . She was wearing a denim jacket and new dress . The family told me that the organization that has promised to help has been there twice so far , bringing Banafsha clothes and some cooking supplies for the family . They said they were grateful for the help Banafsha was getting but there were still difficulties . Banafsha was quiet and did n't talk much , but she had her rare moments when a smile would creep out . Those moments were like a glimmer of light in a dark room to me . The entire family had that same smile , but it was Banafsha 's and her mother 's that were the most infrequent . As we were about to leave , I asked about their health and the mother said everything was fine except for something on Banafsha 's arm . She pulled up her daughter 's sleeve and showed us a thick forming rash . Banafsha told us it kept growing and it was itchy . Charlie pulled out his still camera and took a picture of it . He planned on showing it to a medical friend in the city for treatment . I did not want to say goodbye , but I also did not want to intrude anymore than we had . That day , seeing them , re-energized me in a way that I could not explain . In Afghanistan , you see a lot of misery , in the city of Kabul alone your heart sinks at every turn . The poverty , the destruction , the hopelessness and the loss of dignity for survival , is everywhere . You are grateful for what you have and how lucky you are , but you know it is not fair . Those feelings continue to weigh on your heart and mind , and they can add up . Some times you are strong about it , other times you feel weak . And as much as it pains you , you know you are lucky to see their lives , you know you have benefited from these people and from this place -- in ways you may never understand why .	Abawi meets Banafsha while doing a story about a school for street kids Banafsha and her sisters beg on the streets for food Abawi runs into Banafsha 's sisters six months later Banafsha receives some help from a charity , but the family is still struggling
CNN  -- Few items inspire universal teenage angst quite like the school report card , that mishmash of letters and numbers that could periodically mean the difference between family praise and punishment . Sometimes , however , it can also inspire new business opportunities . A few years back , Boniface Githinji was studying computer science at the University of Nairobi . Shortly after his return home for the holidays , he ran into one of his neighbors who started complaining about his child doing what so many other kids around the world with bad grades resort to : hiding their report cards from their parents . This got the young Kenyan programmer thinking : "  I thought , we can actually come up with a solution to that problem , " says Githinji . "  Virtually every parent owns a cell phone in this country -- and that does n't have to be a smart phone to receive SMSs , " he adds . "  And so since I was doing computer science training on how to program and make software , we came up with a simple service to make it easy for these schools to send report cards by SMS . " That service has today become Sematime , a Nairobi-based SMS service provider . With just a click of a few buttons , schools can send report cards to parents on their mobile phones , allowing them to keep better track of their children 's education . In addition , schools can also use the platform to distribute exam results , fee balances and general communication messages . Githinji , 26 , says the service is designed to make parents become more involved . "  If you are not up on how your kid is performing in school , then that kid to some extent probably feels not loved , " he says . "  And then as a parent I want to know how my kid is performing so I can take some measures . I can go speak to the teacher and get to know why is he not performing well . " So far , more than 1,500 schools use Sematime , forming a huge percentage of the startup 's clientele base . The rest is composed of small and medium businesses in Nairobi , which use the service to send information , bills and invoices to large groups through text messages . Githinji , who started the company in 2011 , says the biggest problems initially were raising capital and convincing schools about the service . But he found a crucial ally in Nailab , a Nairobi-based startup accelerator that helps budding entrepreneurs develop their tech ideas . "  I probably would n't be here if it were n't for Nailab , " he says . "  It 's an organization that tends to start ups , people who want to do something but they do n't have the facilities , they do n't have the internet . " Githinji has had a pretty successful start . His company made about six million Kenyan shillings last year -- that 's about $ 68,000 . But even with his financial success so far , he remains grounded . "  In terms of feeling accomplished , I think it is a long , long way to that point , " says Githingi . "  It has not been as easy , the only thing that has been keeping us going on is a passion , " he adds . "  You have to have a passion for what you do because you have challenges ; sometimes you run out of money , sometimes customers run away from you . "  I think it is just beginning -- we have a thousand things we want to do and we ca n't wait to get started . " READ THIS : The African company that trumped Apple READ THIS : Orphans launch Rwandan Craigslist	26-year-old Boniface Githinji is the founder of Kenyan startup Sematime It 's an SMS service provider for schools and small and medium businesses Clients can send report cards , bills and invoices to large groups through text messages
CNN  -- Actor Sean Penn helped play a role in securing this week 's release of two U.S. hikers imprisoned in Iran for more than two years , his representative confirmed Friday . The report was first published by the Reuters news agency , which cited a source close to the release process as saying that Penn flew to Venezuela months ago to speak about the hikers ' plight with President Hugo Chavez , an ally of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Mara Buxbaum , a rep for Penn , confirmed the Reuters report but declined to provide additional details . Venezuelan state media reported Friday that Chavez was part of the mediation process that resulted in the release of Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer on Wednesday . Upon their release , the men were flown to Muscat , Oman , where their families greeted them with elation . "  We 're so happy we are free and so relieved we are free , " Fattal said . "  Our deepest gratitude goes toward His Majesty Sultan Qaboos of Oman for obtaining our release . We 're sincerely grateful for the government of Oman for hosting us and our families . " Bauer said , "  Two years in prison is too long , and we sincerely hope for the freedom of other political prisoners and other unjustly imprisoned people in America and Iran . "	Reuters : Penn flew to Venezuela to speak to Chavez about the American hikers Penn 's rep confirms the report but declines to give additional details Chavez was part of the mediation process , state media says
CNN  -- The scandal engulfing four Olympic badminton teams has appeared to have abruptly ended the career of one of China 's most promising players . Yu Yang announced Wednesday she was quitting the sport after the Badminton World Federation disqualified her and her doubles partner , along with three other teams , for "  not using one 's best efforts to win a match . " "  This is my last match , " Yu Yang wrote in a microblog to her 1.3 million followers . "  Farewell Badminton World Federation ; farewell my beloved badminton . " Yu and her partner Wang Xiaoli were ranked number one in the world according to the Badminton World Federation . Together , they had dominated national and international competitions , including the 2011 women 's doubles World Championship . Before that , Yu won gold at the Beijing 2008 Olympics and World Championship 2010 title with her former doubles partner , Du Jing . She partnered with Wang after Du was sidelined by injury . A native of Liaoning Province , Yu began playing badminton at the age of 10 , according to Chinese media . She graduated from the University of Science and Technology of China in 2006 . In a passionate post on her weibo account , Yu explained why she and Wang had held back while playing South Korea 's Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na at London 's Wembley Arena . "  We were injured before the match , " Yu wrote . "  And we were just using the rules to give up the match in order to play better in the next knock-out round . This is the first time that group round-robin elimination was adopted in the Olympics . Do you understand the pain athletes suffer ? " She said the federation 's decision to disqualify them had "  mercilessly shattered our dreams . " Yu , Wang and six other players were disqualified from the Olympics for throwing matches to try to influence who their opponents would be in the next round . The federation found that they conducted themselves "  in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport . " Yu 's resignation was at odds with the contrite line taken by the Chinese Olympic Committee , which said in a statement carried by state-run Xinhua that it "  fully respects the Badminton World Federation 's decisions . " "  The behavior of Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli violated the principles of the Olympic Movement and went against the spirit of fair play . It hurt our hearts . The Chinese Olympic Committee has always been firmly against any conduct that is against sportsmanship . " The committee went on to say that it had "  launched an internal investigation " and "  would take further action pending the results of the probe . " China emerged as a force to be reckoned with on the badminton field in the 1970s . It holds the highest number of Olympic medals for the sport , including 11 of 24 gold medals awarded since badminton debuted at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics . China also holds eight Thomas Cups ,11 Uber Cups , and seven Sudirman Cups , the leading international competitions for men , women , and mixed teams , respectively , under the Badminton World Federation . Female player Gao Ling holds four Olympic medals , including two golds -- the highest number of Olympic medals for the sport . CNN 's Zhang Dayu contributed to this report .	Career of one of China 's most promising badminton players ended amid Olympic scandal Yu Yang announced she was quitting sport after Badminton World Federation disqualified her and seven others Yu and her partner were ranked number one in world according to Badminton World Federation Yu said federation "  mercilessly shattered our dreams "
Birmingham , Alabama  CNN  -- A preliminary investigation has found no evidence of an "  uncontained engine failure " or a "  pre-impact fire " in the engine of a UPS cargo plane that crashed in Birmingham , Alabama , killing the pilot and co-pilot , a National Transportation Safety Board official said Thursday . There also was no indication of a problem with runway lights , Robert Sumwalt of the NTSB told reporters . The news came as authorities announced the cockpit voice and flight data recorders were recovered from the wreckage near Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport , and were being sent to NTSB headquarters in Washington . "  We are cautiously optimistic that we will be able to collect good , usable data , " Sumwalt said . The recorders were blackened and coated with soot from the fire that engulfed the plane on impact . But they are made to withstand crashes and heat , Sumwalt said . Investigators had to use picks and shovels to retrieve the data recorders from the wreckage because flames in the plane 's tail section kept officials from accessing them immediately . The devices could help investigators determine why the plane -- which did not issue a distress call -- went down early Wednesday while on approach to the airport . UPS identified the pilots as Capt. Cerea Beal Jr. , 58 , of Matthews , North Carolina , and First Officer Shanda Fanning , 37 , of Lynchburg , Tennessee . Beal had been with UPS since 1990 and previously had served six years in the U.S. Marine Corps as a heavy lift helicopter pilot , according to a statement released by UPS . Fanning had worked for UPS since 2006 , the statement said . The Airbus A300-600F broke into pieces as it crashed around 4:45 a.m. in an open field near a street that runs parallel to the airport . The cargo plane had 12 "  service difficulty " reports on file at the Federal Aviation Administration , including at least two that the reports indicated led pilots to declare emergencies . But an aviation expert told CNN he believes none of the previous problems would have played a role in the accident . The reports document problems ranging from an inoperative light in an emergency exit light assembly to a problem with the plane 's flaps . "  I do n't see anything there that indicates in any way that its related to the events in Birmingham , " said John Goglia , a former NTSB member and former certified aircraft mechanic . The flap problem , reported in 2006 while the plane was flying in Germany , might raise concern had it not occurred so long ago , he said . Witnesses said the plane , which took off from Louisville , Kentucky , flew low over a neighborhood , striking the tops of trees and knocking down power lines as it crashed . The crash site is about a half mile north of a runway . Five facts to calm plane crash fears A photo showing the jet engine blades only partially damaged could indicate that the engines were not running or were at "  very low idle " upon impact , instead of the faster "  flight idle " typical upon landing , Goglia said . "  An engine that is producing power , those  blades  would have been gone , " said Goglia . The lack of damage suggests that "  they were n't spinning so fast and they stopped quickly . " If the data recorders contain information , investigators should be able to quickly discover the status of the engines before impact . But if the data is not retrievable , investigators will focus on the condition of the blades , Goglia predicted . Airbus said Wednesday the plane had approximately 11,000 flight hours in some 6,800 flights . It was powered by Pratt & Whitney engines . The plane was one of two flights UPS sends to Birmingham each day , company spokesman Mike Mangeot told CNN affiliate WBRC . The crew did not report any trouble , Birmingham Mayor William Bell said , citing conversations with control tower officials . Light showers and a visibility of 10 miles were reported in the area of the airport at the time of the crash , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . CNN 's Michael Pearson Jason Hanna , Marlena Baldacci , Aaron Cooper , Mike Ahlers and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report	NEW : UPS identifies the pilots as Capt. Cerea Beal Jr. and First Officer Shanda Fanning NTSB investigators find no evidence of " uncontained engine failure " Flames kept investigators from quickly retrieving data recorders There was no distress call from the pilots before impact , the NTSB says
Washington  CNN  -- Back in home districts for a week and eager to tout some accomplishments in Washington , many members of Congress are praising a newly passed bill they say protects the military . But in reality the measure to reverse most military retirement cuts is the legislative equivalent of a cocaine hit : a feel-good high that obscures current problems , makes future issues worse  for the Pentagon and taxpayers  and sends one of the best signals yet that Congress is nowhere near making the tough decisions needed to avoid the financial storm set to crash on the federal budget in just a few years . "  It 's what we ridicule all the time , " an unhappy Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , told me as he left the final vote on the military bill Wednesday . Flake was one of just three senators who voted no , despite a chorus of criticism with the way the bill was funded . CNNMoney : Senate votes to restore military pensions The measure rolls back a gradual 1 % cut in military pensions .  It rolls back that cut for anyone who joined the military before this year .  It pays for that by tacking on one more year of across-the-board , or sequester , cuts to Medicare 10 years from now . The money may not exist "  Spend now , pay later , " Flake concluded . "  It never happens . " Among the hefty issues with the bill is that it pays to end a problem now with money that wo n't arrive for a decade . In some ways , it is like buying a house today based on income you expect to get 10 years from now . Homeowners could n't do that , but lawmakers can because they operate in 10-year budget windows . That allows them to access money on paper now that wo n't be tangible for years to come . But that practice can be risky . "  We do n't know what the future will look like , " explained Marc Goldwein , senior policy director at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget . "  We do n't know if the  budget assumptions  are correct ; we do n't know who will be in Congress ; we do n't know who will be president . " Goldwein and the committee feel so strongly , the think tank included the idea of paying for short-term costs with money 10 years ahead in a chartbook it released last week of eight budget gimmicks . Above all , we do n't know if future Congresses will rethink the sequester cuts . And based on the past two years of cuts , parts of which have already been reversed , it would be stunning if lawmakers ahead left the sequester intact all the way until 2024 . Seeing it as ` fuzzy math ' but voting yes anyway There is some irony when you look at fiscal crusaders and this bill . In the House , 199 Republicans voted against the debt ceiling suspension , which would not have directly changed the amount of government spending , only whether the government could pay for that spending . Senate passes debt-ceiling bill in blow to tea party But of those 199 anti-debt purists , only 16 voted no for the military retirement bill , even though some thought it could actually lead to increased spending because of its risky assumptions . That military retirement bill , however , had a distinct advantage : It was short-term benefit for American troops and their families , a group with undeniable political support . Some stalwart conservatives faced a tough decision . The night before the House vote on the military retirement bill , Arizona conservative Matt Salmon railed against the idea of paying for it with Medicare cuts in 10 years . "  If you believe we 're ever going to really do that , " Salmon said surrounded by a crowd of lawmakers and reporters , "  I think it 's fuzzy math to be honest with you . I think any  savings  that you push over two years out , you ca n't really guarantee any of that . It 's a concept only . " He did n't trust the fund to be there in 10 years . But the next morning , Salmon voted for the measure anyway . His office posted a prominent release trumpeting his debt ceiling vote , but mentioned nothing about his decision on the military COLA . His spokeswoman did not respond to CNN 's requests for an explanation of his vote . This will hurt the military The Pentagon faces a major money problem . Health and retirement costs are skyrocketing , which have led to a jump in personnel costs of more than 50 % between 2001 and 2012 alone , according to the Pentagon , and are forecast to keep skyrocketing in coming decades . Those increasing costs mean less money for things like equipment and training . So , by reversing the cost-of-living adjustment to retirees , some believe Congress just hurts troop readiness . "  Compensation costs are hollowing out the Pentagon 's budget , " House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan wrote in a statement , "  They are taking resources away from training and modernization â $ " and putting our troops at risk . This bill takes away over $ 6 billion from military readiness . " Ryan was one of the 16 Republicans to vote against both the military pay "  fix " and the debt ceiling bill . His budget agreement with Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , in December created the military pension cut , so he is directly tied to the policy . But he insisted that he is open to reforming that cut , just not in this manner . "  Rather than making the tough choices ,  this bill  sidesteps them , " he wrote . Why do Republicans opposes unemployment benefits ? So why did everyone vote for it ? "  I voted yes , " Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said . "  I did n't think the military COLA in isolation should have been included in the budget package to begin with ... We ca n't single out the finest among us for that type of reform . " When asked what he makes of other Republicans who believe the money to pay for the fix is based on "  fuzzy math , " the tea party conservative nodded , "  I understand the viewpoint , no doubt about it . " "  Obviously i would have preferred my pay-for , " said Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , who proposed saving money by blocking illegal immigrants from obtaining a child tax credit . That did n't win out , and she voted yes for the bill with 2024 Medicare cuts instead . "  I 'm just glad that we 're moving forward to at least grandfather those who have sacrificed so much for the country , " she said minutes after the vote . It was a question of priority , sure . Congress decided that fixing the military retirement pay was the priority . But that is not the only question . Just as prominent a question as the country faces a soaring debt forecast is how to pay for it . Congress can not make any remotely tough choices "  We 're going to have to make serious and substantial cuts across government , this is pretty small , " Flake told me as he rode the elevator down from the Senate vote . "  If we ca n't do this , then we stand no chance of addressing our debt and deficit in a meaningful way . " The U.S. deficit at the moment could easily inspire false hope and make someone like Flake sound like a death-rattler . The deficit is plummeting -- still a healthy $ 500 billion , but down by half from its $ 1-trilion-plus heights . But under current policy , that positive trend wo n't last to see the next president . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office forecasts that federal deficits will start climbing again in 2016 and will be back at the $ 1 trillion level in eight years . What 's worse , the deficit continues to grow as a share of GDP , sucking more and more potential life out of the economy . But rather than face the tough financial issues involved  entitlement costs , including health care and retirement , especially  , Congress decided to reverse one of the few hard decisions it 's made lately and pay for the military retirement reversal with debatable funding . "  What they did here was they reversed the hardest and the most structurally significant choice in the Murray-Ryan budget agreement , " Goldwein said . "  That was the only real entitlement reform in the Murray-Ryan bill , and it was relatively modest . They took that tough choice and replaced it with a completely not tough choice . " Goldwein says the committee has moved from pushing for deficit reforms worth trillions of dollars to hoping that lawmakers just pay for the bills they pass with honest money  no gimmicks  . Which is why passage of the military COLA bill , no matter how well-intentioned for military retirees , is a blaring siren of greater problems . A Congress well-schooled in the deficit chose an easy , risky way out of what was , relative to the coming fiscal issues , a modest problem . What military families may gain for the next few years they could easily lose in either readiness or in much larger taxpayer problems ahead . "  We 're in a bad place right now , I think , " Goldwein said .	Congress sends strong signal it ca n't make tough decisions on spending Budget analyst critical of assumptions Congress made in funding bill Many fiscal crusaders voted yes on bill they were critical of
CNN  -- A firefighter shot by a sniper in upstate New York calmly described his wounds as "  eventually mortal " unless he got medical help soon , although paramedics were kept away because the shooter could still be near Monday morning . "  Be advised I am struck in the lower leg , knee area , and the lower left back , " volunteer firefighter Joseph Hofstetter told a Monroe County , New York , dispatcher as he used his firetruck for cover Monday morning . "  Brother , hang tight , " the dispatcher told Hofstetter . Two firefighters lay dead on the street near Hofstetter , not moving since they were shot , he said . "  I am in the danger zone right now , " Hofstetter radioed . "  I need EMS or I 'm going to be joining them . " The recorded emergency radio traffic from the incident is archived at the website radioreference.com . The shots came across the street from the burning house and car that were set on fire by the shooter , 62-year-old William Spengler , police said . He was aiming at a West Webster Fire Department truck that answered his call to 911 , they said . But ambulances were kept away because police did n't know if the shooter was still there , hidden behind a tree on a hill above . While he waited and bled , Hofstetter made a request . "  Is it possible to notify my next of kin and apprise of the situation ? I have a hysterical mother . " With the help of two residents of the neighborhood , Hofstetter eventually left the scene in his Chevy Trailblazer , the vehicle he drove there in response to the initial fire call 35 minutes earlier . Spengler , who was convicted of killing his grandmother decades ago , was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound hours later . Hofstetter and firefighter Theodore Scardino survived their gunshot wounds and were "  convalescing and doing as well as I would expect at this stage , " a doctor at University of Rochester Hospital said Wednesday . "  Mr. Scardino and Mr. Hofstetter are both receiving supportive care and are making small steps on their long road ahead , " Dr. Nicole Stassen , a trauma surgeon said . "  It is critical that they remain in an environment where they can focus on rest and recovery . " The men will start physical therapy Wednesday and their conditions should be upgraded to "  satisfactory " later in the day , Stassen said . The two firefighters killed -- Michael Chiapperini and Tomasz Kaczowka -- will be buried after separate funerals Sunday and Monday . "  Calling hours " -- a time for mourners to gather and remember them -- will be held at Webster Schroeder High School Friday evening and Saturday afternoon and evening , according to a school official . Chiapperini 's funeral will be held at the high school on Sunday , while Kaczowka 's funeral is scheduled for Monday at the St. Stainslaus Kostka Church in Rochester . Chiapperini , named "  Firefighter of the Year " for his West Webster Fire Department just two weeks ago , was also lieutenant with his town 's police department . His 19-year-old son , Nick Chiapperini , was on the job in the Monroe Ambulance Company dispatch center when the call for help came in , according to West Webster Fire Department spokesman Al Sienkiewicz . "  Nick was in the dispatch center and heard the entire ordeal play out over the scanners , " Sienkiewicz said . "  It 's something no one should have to hear . " The son is "  doing as well as expected for a 19-year-old man who just lost his father , " he said . "  Nick was undoubtedly following in his father 's footsteps and admired him very much . " Kaczowka , who was also a 911 dispatcher , had been with the West Webster Fire Department for just more than a year , Sienkiewicz said . Spengler used a .223 - caliber semiautomatic Bushmaster rifle -- the same caliber and make used in the recent Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre in Connecticut , police said . He was also armed with a 38-caliber revolver and a 12-gauge shotgun , they said . "  He was equipped to go to war , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said Tuesday . Spengler left a typewritten note behind saying he hoped to burn down his neighborhood and kill as many people as possible , Pickering said . "  I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighborhood I can burn down and do what I like doing best -- killing people , " it said . A charred body , believed to be his sister 's , was found in the burned house she shared with him , police said . It will be a challenge for the medical examiner to determine if William Spengler 's sister -- 67-year-old Cheryl Spengler -- was killed before the fire was set , because it was a "  raging inferno , " Pickering said . Spengler was convicted in 1981 of first-degree manslaughter in the death of his grandmother and had been released on supervised parole , Pickering said . Spengler was especially attentive to his mother , who passed away in October , a former neighbor , Roger Vercruysse said , visiting her every day in a nursing home until she died . Contacted by CNN by e-mail , Spengler 's cousin , Shirley Ashwood , responded in an e-mail that her family had distanced itself from him after he killed his grandmother . She had only seen him in the past year while visiting her aunt and briefly at the funeral . He should have stayed in prison , she wrote . "  The system failed all of us again , " she said , adding that her family grieved for the fallen firefighters -- one of whom her two daughters knew from school -- and Cheryl Spengler . Seven houses were destroyed and several others damaged by the fire , which investigators believe spread from a car parked next to the home where Spengler lived , Pickering said . CNN 's Steve Brusk , Kristina Sgueglia and Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	NEW : Cousin says system failed by letting killer out of prison Wounded New York firefighters make ` small steps ' toward recovery Doctor : Wounded firefighters are "  convalescing and doing as well as I would expect at this stage " Funerals are Sunday and Monday for two firefighters killed by a sniper
CNN  -- A toddler shot and killed his mother , the boy 's father told South Florida police , who say they will talk to the 2-1/2 - year-old . The father , who called 911 , told police he was trying to take the firearm away from the child when it discharged . The boy 's mother -- Julia Bennett , 33 -- was shot once in the back and died from the injury , said Miramar Police spokeswoman Tania Rues . "  What we do know is that last Wednesday , shortly after 7 o'clock , we received a 911 call from a gentleman stating that his 2-1/2 - year-old son accidentally shot his mother -- the boy 's mother , " Rues told HLN 's Vinnie Politan . Rues said investigators will talk to the toddler about the shooting , but that "  due to the age , we 're not expecting to get much . " The boy 's father has not been identified by police . They said he has cooperated fully with the investigation , which started with a 911 call he placed on April 20 . In that roughly 4-1/2 - minute call , a man 's voice can be heard asking the dispatcher what to do . He speaks with a thick accent and seems overcome with emotion as he tries to explain what happened . "  My son picked it up and I tried to grab it , " the man said about the gun . "  Oh God , I ca n't believe this . " Rues said the State Attorney 's office will decide whether to file charges . The boy 's father could face charges of negligence , she said . Bennett and the boy 's father were not married and did not live together at the time of her death , according to Rues . "  This should serve as a reminder to all parents out there to not leave firearms accessible to children . Even if you believe the firearm is not loaded , it 's just not smart . It 's not safe , " she said .	Julia Bennett , 33 , was shot once in the back and died The gun went off as the boy 's father was trying to take it from his son , he says Investigators say they will talk to the toddler
CNN  -- Two years ago this week , the Obama administration hailed the advent of the "  Summer of Economic Recovery . " The president 's stimulus bill had passed a Democratic-controlled Congress just over a year before , accompanied by rosy predictions on job creation from the administration . President Obama claimed that "  the economy is headed in the right direction , " and Vice President Joe Biden confidently predicted the creation of 250,000 to 500,000 new jobs a month . Meanwhile , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner published an op-ed in The New York Times boldly entitled "  Welcome to the Recovery . " Two years later , Americans are still waiting for the recovery . Today 's job figures are well below the 250,000 to 500,000 jobs per month that Vice President Biden forecast . This year , the economy created a dismal 77,000 jobs in April and just 69,000 jobs in May , less than half of the 150,000 jobs needed each month just to keep up with population growth . Unemployment , which the White House predicted would shrink below 6 % by April 2012 , has remained at or above 8 % for 40 straight months . It does n't take an economist to realize the president 's economic policies have spectacularly failed to make things better . Yet , the president does n't seem to understand just how badly Americans are hurting . Despite the more than 23 million Americans who remain unemployed or underemployed , the president recently claimed that the private sector is "  doing fine " and that what America actually needs is more government spending and more government workers . In other words , more of the same . More stimulus spending from Washington that explodes the debt . More government picking winners and losers . More taxes . More regulation . It 's time to try something new . Republicans have a plan to get our economy moving again . First , we need to ensure businesses are confident enough to expand and hire more workers . That means stopping the job-killing regulations that are strangling small businesses and reforming our burdensome and complicated tax code to fuel economic growth . It also means stopping a large tax increase , which is scheduled to hit next year unless Congress acts . The threat of this massive tax hike is creating serious economic uncertainty and discouraging companies from hiring more workers . We can create tens of thousands of new American jobs by encouraging the development of America 's vast energy resources and supporting truly shovel-ready projects like the Keystone XL pipeline , which would create an estimated 20,000 jobs , according to TransCanada , while boosting domestic energy production . We also need to protect jobs by repealing the president 's health care law , which is driving up health care costs and making it harder for small businesses to hire workers . The director of the Congressional Budget Office testified that the health care law will mean 800,000 fewer jobs over the next decade . Those are jobs Americans ca n't afford to lose . Finally , we need to cut reckless government spending and tackle the mounting debt crisis . America 's brightest days are ahead . But if we do n't take action soon , our country could end up in the kind of financial disaster Greece and Spain are facing . Our children and grandchildren should not have to pay for Washington 's inability to stick to a budget . We owe it to the next generation to leave the country better than we found it . The first step on the road to real recovery is not doubling down on the failed policies we 've seen over the past 3Â 1/2 years . Republicans are ready to get to work to jump-start our economy . We hope Democrats will join us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Thune .	John Thune : Two years ago this week , Obama claimed that economy will improve Thune : Today , Americans are still waiting for the recovery He says Republicans have a better plan : Repeal health care law , stop tax hike , cut spending Thune : Road to real recovery is not doubling down on the failed policies of the past few years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday addressed issues ranging from the sex abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church to the easy availability of pornography to the "  alarming decrease " in Catholic marriages in the United States . The pope arrives to address U.S. bishops in the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception . He spoke at a prayer service with U.S. bishops at Washington 's Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception , the largest Roman Catholic church in North America . Benedict said the sexual abuse of children by priests has caused a "  deep shame " and called it "  gravely immoral behavior . " "  Many of you have spoken to me of the enormous pain that your communities have suffered when clerics have betrayed ... their obligations , " he told the bishops . Responding to the situation has not been easy and was sometimes very badly handled , the pope admitted . Watch the pope address the issue " "  It is vitally important that the vulnerable are always shielded from souls who would cause harm , " he said . The pope then turned his attention to a different concern involving kids . "  What does it mean to speak of child protection when pornography and violence can be viewed in so many homes through media widely available today ? " he asked . Benedict urged the media and entertainment industry to take part in a "  moral renewal . " Earlier Wednesday , President Bush , first lady Laura Bush and more than 13,500 spectators welcomed Benedict in an elaborate ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House . In remarks greeting the pope to the White House , Bush called the United States "  a nation of prayer . " Bush was interrupted by applause as he said , "  In a world where some treat life as something to be debased and discarded , we need your message that all human life is sacred and that each of us is willed . " Benedict responded by praising the role of religion in the United States . "  From the dawn of the republic , America 's quest for freedom has been guided by the conviction that the principles governing political and social life are intimately linked to a moral order based on the dominion of God the creator , " he said . Watch Benedict talk about his hopes for the trip " Earlier , a U.S. Marine Corps band performed the national anthem of the Holy See as well as "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " A fife and drum corps in Colonial costumes also played tunes , including "  Yankee Doodle , " and soprano Kathleen Battle sang "  The Lord 's Prayer . " The day , with perfect spring weather , was also the pontiff 's 81st birthday . After the ceremony concluded , the crowd , led by Battle , serenaded Benedict with "  Happy Birthday " as he smiled from a White House balcony . Watch a priest who has known Benedict for years tell what he 's like " Guests on the South Lawn included Catholic clergy , ecumenical representatives , Catholic schoolchildren , Boy Scouts , Girl Scouts , Sisters of the Poor and Knights of Columbus . Event planners faced an enormous demand for tickets for what White House press secretary Dana Perino called "  one of the largest arrival ceremonies ever held at the White House . " Following the ceremony , Bush and the pope had a one-on-one meeting in the Oval Office . The pope left the White House at about noon in his distinctive "  popemobile . " His massive motorcade moved slowly down the wide avenues of the U.S. capital to the Vatican Embassy , where the pope is staying . Crowds of enthusiastic spectators waved U.S. and Vatican flags and screamed as the pontiff rode past . A smiling Benedict arrived Tuesday at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests . The pontiff was greeted by Bush , the first lady and their daughter Jenna , each of whom shook his hand . It was believed to be the first time an American president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at Andrews . It marks Benedict 's first visit to the United States as pope . Watch how the pope 's visit could affect the presidential campaign " Security will be tight during the six-day visit , with 27 state , local and federal agencies protecting the pope as he meets with religious leaders , celebrates Mass at two baseball stadiums and makes his way around in the popemobile . Benedict faces no specific threats , according to the FBI , but a March audio message from Osama bin Laden mentioned the pontiff . The centerpiece of the trip 's Washington leg will be Thursday 's Mass at Nationals Park , a new baseball stadium where 46,000 people will gather to see the pope . Everyone must go through metal detectors on entering , and nearby roads and bridges will be closed . Temporary flight restrictions will be in place over the stadium , and a 1 1/2 - mile section of the adjacent Anacostia River will be closed during the Mass. . Benedict will travel to New York on Friday and address the U.N. General Assembly , linking the visit to the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . He 'll celebrate Mass on Sunday morning at Yankee Stadium . Where will the pope be ? " One of the stated goals of the pope 's visit is to energize the U.S. Catholic community with its estimated 70 million members . Three years after succeeding Pope John Paul II , Benedict is likely to also address the church 's relationship with other faiths , the U.S.-led war in Iraq and the upcoming U.S. presidential election , said John Allen , a CNN Vatican analyst . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope tells bishops abuse of children was "  gravely immoral behavior " Pope , president discuss Middle East , Latin America , says White House Six-day , two-city visit to U.S. marks Pope Benedict XVI 's first as pope Pope will celebrate Mass at stadium Thursday , travel to New York on Friday
CNN  -- A volcanic eruption in Iceland forced flight cancellations and the closure of airspace over the country 's four international airports , an official said Sunday . "  There are no international flights in or out of Iceland at this time , " Keflavik International Airport spokeswoman Hjordis Gudmunsdottir said . Officials will reassess the situation at midnight Sunday  8 p.m. EDT  , she added . There was "  no impact on European or transatlantic flights " after the Grimsvotn volcano 's eruption , and none was expected on Sunday , Europe 's umbrella air traffic control association Eurocontrol said . Ash is expected to reach Scotland on Tuesday and could enter France and Spain on Thursday , Eurocontrol said . Last year , another Icelandic eruption , of the volcano Eyjafjallajokull , attracted worldwide attention after its ash cloud disrupted air travel across Europe . Weather patterns this weekend have been very different from the northerly winds that swept through the region after last year 's eruption , a spokeswoman for the official United Kingdom weather agency said . But she said the ash cloud 's movement is difficult to predict . Ash could reach the United Kingdom and northern continental Europe Wednesday , she said . The Grimsvotn volcano under the Vatnajokull glacier erupted Saturday , according to the Icelandic Meteorological Office . A dark cloud of smoke rose from the glacier , and scientists flew over the scene to evaluate the event , according to CNN affiliate TV2 Iceland . The last eruption of the volcano was in 2004 , TV2 Iceland reported . "  It is important for people to know that not all of Iceland is covered in ash , " Gudmunsdottir said . Sitrun Kapitola , manager of the Islandia Hotel Nupar , which is close to Saturday 's eruption , said she could see a cloud of smoke over the mountains , and ash was falling around the hotel . Police were telling her and others that there was no need to evacuate and there was nothing to fear , Kapitola said . "  We see it very well , " she said . Tourists at the hotel were excited to see the eruption , watching the events unfold while eating dinner , she said . "  It happens every 10 years , " she said . "  It mostly produces water . " Grimsvotn is Iceland 's most frequently active volcano . In 1783 , a 16.7-mile fissure system from the volcano produced the world 's largest known historical lava flow over a seven-month period , damaging crops and livestock , according to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History . A resulting famine resulted in the loss of one-fifth of Iceland 's population , according to the Smithsonian website . "  It 's nothing compared to the other one , " she added , referring to last year 's dramatic eruption of the Eyjafjallajokull . CNN 's Andreena Narayan , David Wilkinson , Brian Walker , Marilia Brocchetto , Aliza Kassim and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : The ash will reach Scotland on Tuesday , Europe 's umbrella air traffic control association says NEW : Eurocontrol predicts the cloud could reach France and Spain on Thursday International flights into and out of Iceland are cancelled , airport spokeswoman says There is no effect on European or transatlantic flights , Eurocontrol says
CNN  -- As we enter the final months of 2011 , the thoughts of tech watchers like me are turning to what we can expect in 2012 . Voice recognition in all our devices ? Touch control replacing the mouse and keyboard ? The death of the wallet as mobile payments become mainstream ? Maybe . But what I 'm most excited about is something far more audacious : flexible screens . Expecting this much-anticipated technology to become widely available in 2012 is optimistic but not unthinkable . Last week , Nokia demoed a mindblowing prototype handheld device that lets you bend and twist the screen to complete actions like scrolling and zooming . Meanwhile , Samsung said on an earnings call last week that it expected to debut phones with flexible displays in 2012 and that flexible tablets would follow . The advantages of flexible displays are obvious : They 're more durable , and they pave the way for new input methods , such as bending the display to zoom . But where will this new tech take us ? I think this technology will lead to the biggest breakthrough in mobile devices since the touchscreen . In fact , the next innovation in screen technologies may be an even bigger leap forward than touch displays . Think not of a bendable display but of a foldable one . You see , the biggest limitation of any device these days is screen size . There 's a constant tension at play : You can have a small screen that fits in your pocket  your phone  or a big screen for home use  a tablet computer  . But you ca n't have both . Or can you ? The ultimate dream for these flexible displays is that they could roll up : Imagine a phone-sized device that could unfurl to be the size of a tablet . Perhaps it would be like an ancient scroll , a tube that unrolls to create a full 10-inch screen . Or perhaps a phone display could expand in two directions , making it useable both when collapsed and when unfurled . Ah , but why stop with our current form factors ? Would n't it be wonderful if these devices could take forms more like the paper they replaced ? While the transition from newspapers , magazines and books to digital devices has led to a few compromises -- those tactile forms are all reduced to a rectangular square of glass -- flexible screens can mimic the paper they replace . E-book readers might simply become single sheets of digital paper . Magazines and newspapers could be made up of multiple sheets that update their content wirelessly on a daily or even hourly basis . Where flexible screens might have the biggest impact , however , is in their ubiquity . The iPad remains an expensive device , but that has n't stopped it popping up in unexpected locations . Some hotels let guests check in on an iPad installed with a custom app or even borrow one for the duration of their stay . Upscale restaurants are using iPads instead of menus . One auto enthusiast installed one as his in-car entertainment system . Another put one in his kitchen cupboard , calling it a "  kitchen entertainment system . " What will happen when screens are millimeters thick and virtually unbreakable ? Simply put : The cheaper , thinner , more portable and more durable screens become , the more uses we 'll find for them . And what could be thinner or more durable than a flexible display ? Any surface could -- and will -- become a screen . Microsoft released a video this past week imagining what will happen when every surface is a digital display . It too is mindblowing . It 's an exciting future and one that 's rapidly approaching : If the device makers can pull it off , next year could see the launch of the first "  bendable " phone . Let 's hope so .	Last week , Nokia demoed a prototype device that lets you bend and twist the screen Flexible displays are durable and pave the way for new input methods The cheaper , thinner and more durable screens become , the more uses we 'll find for them
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's former first minister and former Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley has died , his wife , Eileen , said in a statement Friday . He was 88 . Paisley , a Protestant preacher , was a key figure in ending three decades of conflict in Northern Ireland , making peace in the end after leading Protestants against compromise with Roman Catholics for years . "  My beloved husband , Ian , entered his eternal rest this morning , " his wife 's statement said . "  Although ours is the grand hope of reunion , naturally as a family we are heartbroken . We loved him and he adored us , and our earthly lives are forever changed . " Paisley made his name as a hard-line pro-British politician during the Northern Ireland conflict and was leader of the Democratic Unionist Party for almost 40 years . During decades of seemingly irreversible conflict between Northern Ireland 's Protestant and Roman Catholic communities , Paisley was considered an uncompromising figure . The unrest in the province killed at least 3,600 people and injured 36,000 over the years . To the surprise of many , Paisley agreed to share power with his former sworn enemy , Sinn Fein . Paisley was elected Northern Ireland 's first minister in 2007 , with former Irish Republican Army commander Martin McGuinness as deputy first minister . Political opponents , but friends McGuinness said Friday that he had learned of Paisley 's death "  with deep regret and sadness " despite their long political rivalry . "  Over a number of decades we were political opponents and held very different views on many , many issues , but the one thing we were absolutely united on was the principle that our people were better able to govern themselves than any British government . "  I want to pay tribute to and comment on the work he did in the latter days of his political life in building agreement and leading unionism into a new accommodation with republicans and nationalists . " In the brief time they worked together as first and deputy first minister , a close working relationship developed that turned in a friendship , McGuinness said , "  which despite our many differences lasted beyond his term in office . " UK Prime Minister David Cameron described Paisley as "  one of the most forceful and instantly recognizable characters in British politics for nearly half a century , " adding that he would be greatly missed . "  Of course , Ian Paisley was a controversial figure for large parts of his career . Yet the contribution he made in his later years to political stability in Northern Ireland was huge , " he said . "  In particular , his decision to take his party into government with Sinn Fein in 2007 required great courage and leadership , for which everyone in these islands should be grateful . " Irish PM : Divisive figure with legacy of peace Northern Ireland 's current First Minister and Democratic Unionist Party leader Peter Robinson also paid tribute to his larger-than-life predecessor . "  Ian Paisley was one of the largest political figures in Northern Ireland and made a massive contribution , particularly to the process in which we are presently engaged , " he said . "  He had a personality we are hardly ever likely to see again . " The Irish Republic 's Prime Minister , or Taoiseach , Enda Kenny said Paisley "  was by any measure a major figure in the history of these islands , " as he sent his condolences to his family . "  I know that he treasured the peace and friendship that he had lived to see , and helped to build , between our traditions , " Kenny said . "  His devotion to his faith and to the Unionist people of Northern Ireland was deep and unshakeable . In time , history will come to a fuller judgment of his long career . "  And , while he was of course a divisive figure , his greatest legacy will be one of peace . " People we 've lost in 2014 Journalist Peter Taggart reported from Belfast , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	NEW : David Cameron : Ian Paisley later on made a huge contribution to political stability First minister : Ian Paisley was one of the largest political figures in Northern Ireland Irish PM : While he was a divisive figure , his greatest legacy will be one of peace Paisley was a key figure in ending three decades of conflict in Northern Ireland
CNN  -- The "  Bourne " franchise returns to theaters Friday minus its central character , Jason Bourne , but with a new hero and story -- a turn that caught even its writer/director , Tony Gilroy , by surprise . Gilroy 's behind the prior three "  Bourne " scripts , and a fourth film was n't at all in his future plans , the Oscar-nominated director told CNN last week . As for returning for "  The Bourne Legacy , " Gilroy said , "  It was n't something I anticipated . " In fact , he was initially more akin to the fans who did n't see a need for another "  Bourne " film in the first place . "  That 's where I started , " Gilroy said with a laugh . "  That 's how I came in with that first conversation . " And yet , with all of that hesitancy , the new character he found in Aaron Cross ended up winning him over . Portrayed by Oscar nominee Jeremy Renner  who 's already had a blockbuster summer as Hawkeye in "  The Avengers "  , Cross is an agent with another government program called Outcome , which creates agents with medically enhanced cognitive and physical capabilities . Thanks to the actions of Matt Damon 's Jason Bourne in the last "  Bourne " film , 2007 's "  The Bourne Ultimatum , " Aaron Cross finds himself in jeopardy as Bourne 's exposure risk creates problems for Outcome . The timelines of "  The Bourne Ultimatum " and "  The Bourne Legacy " are parallel to one another , although you wo n't see Jason Bourne in this installment . Neither Damon nor "  Ultimatum " director Paul Greengrass were interested in a round four , and "  after those guys left , the studio and the estate -LSB- of ` Bourne ' series author Robert Ludlum -RSB- were very aggressively trying to figure out what they were going to do next , " Gilroy said . "  I do n't think I was the only person they were talking to . " They held a meeting , and Gilroy agreed to watch "  Ultimatum " for the first time and see whether that sparked any ideas . Viewing Greengrass ' "  Ultimatum " made Gilroy ponder what could happen if there was a "  larger conspiracy ... and it turns out there 's a whole other world outside . " With encouragement from his brother , Dan , who 's also a screenwriter and shares credit with Gilroy on "  Legacy , " Gilroy presented the idea to the studio -- still not expecting that he 'd be the one to write the script . "  I came in and thought , hire me for two weeks and I 'll play with that idea and we 'll figure out who else at the end of it . And it got better than I thought , quickly , and even still it was n't something that I was going to write , much less direct . " And then , the character of Aaron Cross "  came into focus , " Gilroy said . "  I realized what a really sort of exciting piece of meat that was to throw on the grill there , and that 's when I got more excited and then ... some time after that , I did n't want to let it go . I got into it , and when we made the deal to write the script , why do n't we make a directing deal at the same time . " Gilroy 's directed two projects before "  Legacy , " including the well-received George Clooney vehicle "  Michael Clayton , " but nothing on such a large scale , he said . "  The other films , and I mean this in a good way , they were very claustrophobic . They were very , very contained . Everybody was trapped , " Gilroy said . "  We 're sort of blowing out the walls here and saying there 's a much bigger world that the audience needs to see . We expand in specific ways with the camera and how we shoot every day , but also -LSB- there 's -RSB- much more design in this movie . We built a lot more , we travel around the world a lot more , we go a lot wider . " He 's also employing a different story structure , having Cross ' character converge on the paths of Edward Norton 's retired Col. Eric Byer , "  the mastermind of the entire franchise , " and then Rachel Weisz as Dr. Marta Shearing , a research scientist involved with the Outcome program who teams up with Cross to survive . Rather than have her enter the plot through Aaron Cross , she 's on her own journey , Gilroy said , noting how "  that in itself is a really much more open perspective . " Weisz , who told CNN that she 's a "  huge fan of the original trilogy " as well as writer/director Gilroy , said that what intrigued her about this installment is that "  it lifts the curtain on the first three and it shows you who was really in charge , who was really the puppeteer behind all the puppets . So if you think you knew what was happening in the first three , you actually did n't . " The hunt for the right actor to play the franchise 's new agent was a long and publicly documented one , a process that was difficult because Gilroy knew he needed an actor with the skill to carry the theatrical components but who could also handle the physical rigor of the shoot . "  The part 's really demanding , and Matt -LSB- Damon -RSB- had established a level of excellence , " Gilroy said . "  We just needed a really , really great , up-and-down , everyday , ca n't believe what you 're seeing kind of actor . And that person also had to be an athlete ... because of the way these films work , everything 's so real . We 're not a big green screen , fake-it kind of show . " To top it off , they also needed an actor unknown enough to not draw immediate past references in the minds of moviegoers , but not so new there was n't any recognition at all . Examining all those needs , the guy left standing was Jeremy Renner . 10 sexy movie spies "  Jeremy was just sort of like a ship that was just sitting there right on the horizon waiting to come in and unload , " Gilroy said . For his part , Renner told CNN that while he did n't necessarily feel pressure to live up to Damon , he did hold himself to a personal standard of excellence when it came to performing the action work . "  All I had to really live up to in my mind was that physical part that Matt was doing in the previous films , and that level of authenticity and the ferocity of that action . You ca n't fake these things , " Renner said . "  It would do a big disservice to this franchise to not be able to perform what was asked of me and what was required of me . " And as for the skeptics , Gilroy learned to stop worrying about them long ago . It 's known that the "  Bourne " franchise has n't been "  the most streamlined 12 , 13 years of a franchise ; there 's been all kinds of rambunctious production history and personality clashes and all the rest of the stuff that 's there , " Gilroy said . "  The one thing that sort of kept it going ... and I think this comes from Matt more than anything else , no one ever really did it for the money . " The studio might have been driven by dollars , but "  everybody was always like , ` if it 's not going to be right , we all have other things to do , ' " he went on . "  So it 's like , if there 's not a good reason to do it , no one 's going to do it . That was true for the first three and that was certainly true for me in this . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Writer/director Tony Gilroy did n't expect to return to the ` Bourne ' franchise What lured him back was the character of Aaron Cross Star Jeremy Renner was like "  a ship sitting on the horizon waiting to come in and unload " Gilroy : There 's a much bigger -LSB- "  Bourne " -RSB- world the audience needs to see
CNN  -- At least 10 people drowned in the Mediterranean when a ship sank between Libya and the Italian island of Lampedusa Sunday , according to Italy 's official news agency . Seventy people , including 62 men and eight women , were rescued , ANSA reported . One of the women is pregnant , it said . The search by Italy 's Navy and Coast Guard is underway for any other survivors , but the report did not say how many people were still missing . The report referred to the ship 's passengers as migrants , suggesting they are from North Africa . A boat carrying about 100 migrants from Tunisia ran into trouble in the same area two months ago , triggering a rescue effort by the Italians and NATO ships . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter European Union countries . Boats carrying migrants often are in peril at sea . Amnesty International reported at least 1,500 deaths last year of people attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea . The human rights monitoring group said some of the deaths could have been prevented . "  The desire of some European countries to prevent irregular migration  people who do not have permission to live and work in these countries  has undermined safe and timely rescue at sea , " Amnesty International said .	Seventy people , including 62 men and eight women , were rescued , ANSA reports Italy 's Navy and Coast Guard is searching for more survivors The report referred to the passengers as migrants , suggesting they 're from North Africa
CNN  -- That the road from revolution to a new Egypt is arduous and twisting comes as no surprise . But few expected that today , one month from presidential elections , Egypt would be moving toward more repression and less accountability than under the deposed dictator Hosni Mubarak . Egypt 's crackdown on human-rights organizations , the prosecution and sentencing of the comic actor Adel Imam and the notorious imposition of Article 28 , which removes the basic rights of citizens to challenge anything about the upcoming presidential election , create a trifecta of repression . Blood is being spilled on Cairo 's streets once again , with up to 20 dead and counting , plus scores wounded by thugs attacking protesters outside the Ministry of Defense . The Supreme Council of Armed Forces  SCAF  is consolidating its power . With the leading human rights organizations -- Freedom House , National Democratic Institute , International Republic Institute , the International Center for Journalists and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation -- facing prosecution , oversight of the elections will be minimal at best . The government is eroding the power of civil society to help build a truly democratic Egypt . Clashes in Egypt turn deadly And the United States government is complicit in some of these changes for the worse . The United States mistakenly believed that the "  carrot " of granting SCAF carte blanche -- waiving the human-rights condition to deliver $ 1.3 billion in military goods -- would more likely ensure cooperation than applying the "  stick " of withholding military aid . After pocketing the military aid , the Egyptian government allowed Americans under indictment to leave the country . Then it redoubled its persecution of the Egyptians working for human rights NGOs , threatening them with the serious charge of espionage . So far , the assumption that once the Americans were airlifted out of Cairo , the Egyptian employees left behind would be , in the words of Nancy Okail , head of Freedom House 's Cairo office , "  forgotten by the international community , " has proved to be true . "  This sends the wrong message -- that the United States cares only about its own self-interest , " Okail said in a recent interview in Washington . "  This is about much more than me and my staff ; it is a fight for the future of civil society in Egypt . Without civil society , how can you have a healthy transition to democracy ? " Okail 's harrowing tales of being held in the "  cage " in the courtroom in Cairo for five hours , where she read Orwell , and of being led out of the building through a cell full of inmates in a failed attempt to intimidate her indicate that the authorities have every intention of going through with the trial of the Egyptian staff members of the five human rights organizations . Recently making the rounds in Washington , Okail met with universal concern about the fate she and 14 other defendants would face standing trial . No one wants the brave Okail , or her colleagues , to be martyrs , but neither their safety in Egypt nor immunity from being scapegoated can be guaranteed . Unless the Egyptian authorities can not be persuaded to drop the case , civil society in Egypt will be dealt a serious blow . Two years ago , President Barack Obama uttered these words in Cairo : "  I do have an unyielding belief that all people yearn for certain things : the ability to speak your mind and have a say in how you are governed ; confidence in the rule of law and the equal administration of justice ; government that is transparent and does n't steal from the people ; the freedom to live as you choose . Those are not just American ideas , they are human rights , and that is why we will support them everywhere . " Now , a revolution and a tumultuous aftermath later , those words ring hollow , as the United States policy of supporting military dictators in Egypt continues unabated . Egyptians feel anxious that the presidential elections will be run under Article 28 , part of SCAF 's Constitutional Declaration of March 2011 . Accordingly , election results issued by the Higher Presidential Election Commission are immutable . In other words , if a citizen observes and even captures on film , electoral fraud , he or she has no right to question the result . As SCAF safeguards its power , hard-line Islamists seek to control Egypt 's narrative , tightening the noose around the neck of the Egyptian people . The unthinkable occurred last month when Adel Imam , Egypt 's most beloved actor , was convicted of "  insulting Islam " with his films . Since the Mubarak era , fundamentalists have targeted artists , but the Imam case sets a new standard for censorship . Instead of dismissing the case , as was the custom with past "  offending Islam " charges , the judge convicted Imam and sentenced him to three months in prison . Imam may win on appeal , but now all Egyptian filmmakers have been put on notice that they may be subjected to the nebulous charge of "  offending Islam . " Add to that the scores who have been convicted for "  crimes " of expression in films , books and blogs . Egypt 's voices , newly energized since the Revolution , are steadily being silenced . Where can ordinary Egyptians look for support ? The United States should be their prime defender . With its unconditional support of SCAF , however , the U.S. has forfeited the trust and respect of the Egyptian people . It is not too late for the United States to put the real yearning of the Egyptian people for dignity , justice , opportunity and democracy ahead of the false stability of the Supreme Council of Armed Forces . It is not too late to support the Egyptian people and to demand an end to violence against protesters , protection of NGOs and free , fair and accountable elections . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Schneider and Khaled Abol Naga .	Cynthia Schneider , Khaled Abol Naga : Ahead of vote , Egypt moving toward repression again They say military cracking down on rights groups , making new election laws and arrests They say U.S. gave aid hoping it would buy cooperation from military ; it has emboldened it Writers : U.S. forfeited trust of Egyptian people by allying with military ; it must change approach
In the dead of night , in the bohemian Los Angeles district of Fairfax , a "  guerrilla " street artist is about to start work . In his day job as a professional photographer he has been in riots where rocks and iron bars were being thrown . That has given him an almost innate sense of detecting danger , but as long as he is careful and quick , this particular installation should pass off without incident . He lurks in the shadows on North Genesee , near the junction of Melrose Avenue with the tools he needs -- two stencils and two cans of aerosol paint , one black and one yellow . One last time , he glances up and down the street , making sure that "  Black and Whites " -- the name given to the L.A. Police Department 's Ford Crown Victoria vehicles -- are not cruising nearby . With the coast clear , he gets down to work . Ten minutes later it is done . He breathes a sigh of relief and steps back to admire his latest masterpiece . It is a stenciled image of fallen American hero Lance Armstrong . The Texan is depicted wearing that iconic yellow Tour de France leader 's jersey aerodynamically hunched over the handlebars of his bike . But something jars -- poking out of the disgraced cyclist 's back is an intravenous drip , a graphic reference to the 41-year-old 's doping past that has finally caught up with him . Armstrong admits doping ` Are there any heroes anymore ? ' In infamy , just as he did in fame , Armstrong continues to hold powerful sway over the public 's consciousness . Over many years he had vehemently denied cheating as he bestrode the world of cycling in the process of winning seven successive Tour de France titles -- now taken away from him -- until confessing to Oprah Winfrey that he had used performance-enhancing drugs and had illicit blood transfusions . The credits had barely rolled on that interview before reports of book deals and film rights of his spectacular fall from grace began to emerge . Now Armstrong has been immortalized in a piece of street art -- named "  Are there any heroes anymore ? " -- which is reminiscent of the subversive and polarizing exhibits of British graffiti artist Banksy at his very best . "  I was a keen cyclist , cycling three or four days weeks and doing a 90-kilometer ride on a Sunday , " the work 's creator "  Plastic Jesus " told CNN , explaining why he was moved to labor for several hours in his spare time with his scalpel to produce the two stencils that were used to create the Armstrong exhibit . "  Lance was the ultimate cycling hero for me . He took cycling out of the geek enthusiast arena and brought it to a mainstream audience . People bought bikes and wore lycra because of Lance 's profile , success and status , " says the 48-year-old , who is also from Britain but moved to L.A. in 2007 . "  I was following the story right from the start of the early drug allegations , and in conversations with friends , I 'd support Armstrong and tell them that he was just an just an exceptional cyclist , genetically designed that way . "  I felt let down by Armstrong -- as I 'm sure fellow cyclists , sportsmen and the general public did . I wanted to convey that by a piece of art . " "  Plastic Jesus , " who chose that tag due to his atheism , previously ran a news photography agency in London that dealt with Britain 's major newspapers -- hence his experience of covering riots . He continued to work as a photographer in the U.S. but inspired by Banksy -- his favorite image by the notoriously reclusive Bristolian is "  The Flower Thrower " -- he began to experiment with stencils , scalpels and aerosol cans in homage to a subculture that began on the streets of New York in the 1970s . "  The art is in the message -- it 's not about the technical quality of the piece , " said the 48-year-old . "  I like the simplicity of conveying a quite deep political or cultural message . " Staying out of jail Caution is the watchword when "  Plastic Jesus " heads out to pursue his alter ego 's creative impulses . "  Graffiti artists can face a $ 6,000 fine and imprisonment , and for multiple offenses it can lead to a federal court , which is very bad news , " says the artist , who has never been caught when daubing his impressions on L.A. 's walls . From graffiti to galleries : Street vs. public art Despite the risks , he loves his art so much he is considering giving up his day job as a photographer , though that depends on whether there is a demand for his work and "  if I can stay out of jail . " His latest creation has already featured in the Los Angeles Times as well as two British national newspapers , while the media coverage has led -- more bizarrely -- to two marriage proposals on Twitter . " ` Are There Any Heroes Anymore ? ' has been creating quite a buzz , " says Greg Linton , editor-in-chief of the street art blog Melrose and Fairfax . "  It could be said that ` Plastic Jesus ' is becoming the Banksy of L.A. " And , just as Banksy has had problems with local councils cleaning up areas covered in his artwork , you might have to be quick if you want to see the latest message from "  Plastic Jesus . " The owner of this particular wall , which is also a favored spot for other L.A. street artists , whitewashes the graffiti away every so often ...	Graffiti artist immortalizes Lance Armstrong 's fall from grace on a Los Angeles wall Artwork was created by British photographer who works under the name "  Plastic Jesus " He is influenced by the work of his fellow street artist Banksy , who also stays anonymous His Armstrong exhibit has featured in mainstream U.S. and UK newspapers
Wu Yuanhong , a man suffering from schizophrenia in China 's southeastern Jiangxi Province , was forced by his mother to live in a small metal cage for 11 years after he beat a young boy to death . Reports of Wu 's dire situation surfaced in Chinese media last May , accompanied by images of the 42-year old sitting in the cage in his underwear , his feet shackled by a heavy chain . Cases similar to Wu are not unheard of in China . Work pressure , the breakdown of traditional family structures , and other aspects of China 's rapid modernization have brought an increase in psychological stress to the population . There are often reports of violent , random attacks , killings and suicides . One of the most memorable was when a depressed 27-year-old factory worker tried to feed himself to a pair of Bengal tigers at a Chengdu zoo by jumping into their cage last February . Not enough help The country 's public health system is struggling to keep up with the demand in mental health care . Around 173 million Chinese suffer from a mental disorder , according to a 2009 study published in British medical journal The Lancet . But there are only 20,000 psychiatrists , equaling 1.5 for each 100,000 people , or a tenth of the ratio in the United States . Professor Michael Phillips , director of the Shanghai Mental Health Center at Shanghai Jiao Tong University , estimated that only 5 % of people who currently have a mental illness in China have received psychiatric care from a professional . "  The factors that affect the low care-seeking rates are many , " he said . "  Lack of awareness that they suffer from a psychiatric condition , lack of locally available mental health services , fear of stigma , belief that seeking psychological help will be useless , costs , etcetera . " Dubious therapy As a response to the massive demand for help with mental health problems , under-qualified mental health practitioners have sprung up across the country . Dr. Sammy Cheng Kin-wing , Hong Kong-based chairman of the Division of Clinical Psychology , part of the Hong Kong Psychological Society , said he receives many complaints from the public . Commonly complaints are about unregistered psychologists who give unprofessional advice to clients , fail to provide proper assessments and break confidentiality . "  Many people are setting up practices in mainland China . Some are well-trained , but that 's just a minority . Because the need is so great , the unqualified can still run their businesses and offer treatment . I 've been in contact with patients who feel very angry over services received , sometimes with emotional state worsened during treatment . They said they would never see a psychologist again , " said Cheng . Professor Phillips agreed that "  charlatans occur everywhere " and "  there are uneducated subgroups in China that are gullible . " "  In terms of professional services there are certainly locations with sub-standard levels of care , primarily because of a lack of trained personnel , " he added . ` Ankang ' Ironically , while those in genuine need of help have been unable to get any , the government has used confinement in mental institutions as a way to silence political dissenters , human rights activists claim . Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch  HRW  in Hong Kong , said it 's a method that has been used increasingly over the past decade , calling it "  an absolute violation of medical ethics . " One of those alleged to have been a victim of the practice , is Xing Shiku . Chinese Human Rights Defenders say he has been incarcerated in a psychiatric hospital in Heilongjiang Province for more than six years . Xing , they say , had been filing complaints to the central government about corruption and other problems related to the privatization of the state-owned company where he worked . These mental institutions are called "  ankang "  "  peace and health "  hospitals and are managed by the Public Security Bureau . Treatments include beatings and electric shocks , according to HRW . As of 2011 , there were some 20 "  ankang " institutions operating in China . Although China 's National Health and Family Planning Commission did not directly respond to the allegations , they stated that "  China 's mental health organizations strictly follow laws when practicing diagnosis and treatment . " They added that diagnoses of mental disorders are made according to the Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders and International Classification of Diseases . Baby steps The government has taken steps to address the shallow mental health system , such as financing mental health services and provide training for primary care providers . Most notably , a new mental health law was introduced last year -- it took 27 years to pass the legislation . Among the most significant changes was a new set of rights for patients , including not being hospitalized against their will . Despite constructive changes , HRW argues that there are still plenty of loopholes . "  The very first test of the mental health law will be whether those held in psychiatric facilities for political reasons are immediately released , " the organization 's China director , Sophie Richardson , said in a statement . The new law is a big step in the right direction , most commentators say . But a voluntary admissions system will further increase the need for more mental health practitioners and community-based services , potentially sending a system already in disarray into further decline . While a wholesale reform of the mental health system is needed , one expert says no number of laws and certifications can help therapists gain the most important skill of all : a nuanced understanding of human emotion . Harry Hoffmann and his wife Tina , a psychological counselor , run Da Wen , a counseling and coaching private practice in Kunming , Yunnan Province . Part of their business is to train those who wish to become therapists themselves . "  I met a man from Chengdu with a master degree in psychology who said ' I have learned nothing about inner feelings and emotions  from school  . Can you help me to gain those skills ? ' " said Hoffmann . "  For me , therapy is almost like art , with a set of ethical guidelines and a holistic health approach . " Factory life far from home leaves China 's migrant workers vulnerable	There are 1.5 therapists for each 100,000 mental illness sufferers Unqualified therapists prey on the weak , worsening their condition Human Rights Watch says mental hospitals are filled with political prisoners
London  CNN  -- With just days to go before the Olympic Games open in London , questions over the provision of security guards for the event are dominating the British media . Thousands of team officials and athletes are arriving this week , and throngs of visitors are expected to follow . But should they be worried ? The security concerns were triggered last week when it emerged that private security contractor G4S , which was supposed to have provided 10,400 guards for the Olympics and Paralympics , would not be able to deliver . Its failure to recruit , train and vet enough staff in time led the government to announce last week that it was deploying an extra 3,500 troops to cover the shortfall . G4S said it has only about 4,000 guards trained and ready , although it hopes to have 7,000 fully accredited by the time the Games begin on July 27 . While the recruitment failure by G4S is highly embarrassing for the company -- and led its share price to drop sharply -- the Games ' organizers insist that their contingency planning will keep everyone safe . Visitors can certainly expect to see far more visible security measures in place than usual at Games venues and transport hubs . Sebastian Coe , the chairman of the London organizing group , LOCOG , said Tuesday that the only real difference resulting from the G4S debacle would be in who is performing the security checks . "  The numbers really have n't changed . It 's really simply about the mix of security on the park , " he was quoted as saying by the Press Association news agency . LOCOG is working with G4S to try to ensure that as many people as possible are accredited in time , Coe said , adding , "  This is not a failure in numbers . We 've got the numbers there . There 's no compromise on security . " Home Secretary Theresa May gave a similar message last week as she was grilled by lawmakers on the matter , saying , "  There is no question of Olympic security being compromised . " Critics have been less positive , with some Labour Party lawmakers concerned that security will be inadequate or that visitors will be made uncomfortable by a prominent military presence . The chief executive of G4S , Nick Buckles , was forced to agree Tuesday under questioning from lawmakers that the security staffing fiasco is "  a humiliating shambles for the country . " The Home Office said Monday that G4S is suffering from a software problem , which means the contractor can not guarantee who will turn up where and whether guards have the right training . The guards employed by G4S will be responsible chiefly for such tasks as providing venue perimeter security , a spokesman for the contractor said . This includes manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles and operating closed-circuit television systems , he said . People with tickets for Olympic events have been sent e-mails giving details of the security requirements for each venue . These include airport-style limits on the size of bags that can be carried and the quantity of liquids that can be taken in . One such e-mail reads , "  Be prepared for security checks when you arrive : this will be like taking an international flight at an airport . It will be busy and you will have to queue , so get there early . " The 17,000 British military personnel deployed for the Games , including the extra 3,500 troops called up at short notice , are to help out with the security checks and stewarding at venues , as well as specialist tasks such as bomb disposal and sniffer dog searches . Military jets and helicopters are also on standby around the capital , ready to respond to any threat , and new airspace restrictions came into force Saturday around London and the southeast . The Royal Navy 's largest ship , the helicopter carrier HMS Ocean , is now moored in the Thames off Greenwich , where it will act as a base for helicopter operations and house 400 troops providing security at the Greenwich Park Olympic venue . Police in London and elsewhere also will play a big role in ensuring security . Well before the G4S debacle hit the headlines , London 's Metropolitan Police Service , known as the Met , was planning what it says is its biggest-ever peacetime operation . The operation will "  run for 66 days and cover over 1,000 venues , including those hosting Olympic and Paralympic sports , cultural events and 2012-themed celebrations taking place across the capital , " the website says . On the busiest days , up to 9,500 police officers will be used , including some from forces outside London , for Games-related operations , it says . Officers at Olympic venues will focus on preventing crime and keeping people and their property safe , while G4S is responsible for the security operation , it says . Away from the venues , the Met will also have to provide the usual policing for the city and its visitors . The Games come just over a year after parts of London were rocked by rioting that led to police being brought in from elsewhere in England to help bring the disorder under control . The threat of a potential terrorist strike has also been in the news in recent days after a number of arrests , although police said the operations were not linked to the Olympic Games . The terror threat level on the UK Home Office website remains unchanged at "  substantial , " which is the third highest of five levels . The next level up is "  severe , " which means an attack is "  highly likely , " and the highest is "  critical , " meaning an attack is "  expected imminently . " Government officials from Washington to London insist that there are no known specific or credible terror threats tied to the Olympics . Travel to and around the United Kingdom will nevertheless be a focus of security efforts . Visitors arriving at London 's Heathrow Airport can expect to see every desk at passport control manned during the Olympic Games , the home secretary said last week . Immigration desks have extra staffers , Heathrow said Monday , amid fears of long lines to get into the country as security checks are carried out . Retired border officials and retired police officers are among those being brought in to supplement immigration staff , the Home Office said . Officials from outside the United Kingdom may also be lending a hand in certain areas . The UK Department for Transport said a small number of staff from the U.S. Transportation Security Administration will be based at certain British airports "  to act as an on-site liaison for the TSA . " The TSA staffers will not , however , be conducting security screening or inspections , the Department for Transport said . U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said Tuesday that his country has full faith and confidence in Britain 's ability to provide security . The United States is sending senior diplomatic security staff to Britain to act as liaisons , Ventrell said , adding that the TSA has a "  handful " of agents in the country . Meanwhile , London 's public transport authorities have been warning commuters for weeks to avoid travel hotspots around the time of the Games -- but have not stressed any additional security risk . The city 's transport network is not immune to terror threats , as the attacks of July 2005 showed . But visitors can seek reassurance in the fact that Britain 's police and intelligence officials have been successful since then in foiling attacks on the capital . In the 2005 incident , three bombs were detonated on underground trains and one on a bus in the city . The blasts killed 52 people and wounded more than 770 . Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt , who is in charge of the Olympic preparations , said it will be "  a very safe and secure Olympics . " "  We have had a contractor who has let us down ... but we had a contingency plan in place , " he said . "  It 's not possible to secure every single square inch of a huge global city like London , but where there are important concentrations of Olympic activity ... then there will be a security regime before you can enter those . Obviously the actual Olympic venues will be very tightly secured . " Hunt said the vigilance of the public will also be important . "  So far , we have not received intelligence of any particular additional threats , but this is a city that has huge experience of dealing with security issues over very many years , " he said . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. State Department has full faith and confidence in Britain 's security measures Security contractor G4S has failed to train and recruit enough security staff Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt says it will be "  a very safe and secure Olympics " Visitors will encounter airport-style security measures at Olympic venues
CNN  -- The World Cup is n't even a week old yet , but Wednesday could see defending champions Spain knocked out of the contest . If they lose to Chile and the Netherlands beat Australia , Spain wo n't make it out of the group stage . But the Spaniards will be going into the match with the wind at their backs . Spain has beaten Chile in eight of their last 10 matches . The other two were draws . But there is precedent for the defending champions to be knocked out in the group stage . It happened as recently as 2010 in South Africa , when the 2006 winners , Italy , came last in their group . And Spain got off to an abysmal start . Their 5-1 loss to the Netherlands was the worst defeat a defending champion has ever suffered in the World Cup . After the thrashing the Netherlands gave Spain , you might expect them to deal Australia a similar drubbing . Australia is the lowest-ranked team to make the World Cup this year . But in fact , the Netherlands have never beaten Australia . Granted , they 've played each other only three times before . Australia won one , and the other two were draws . In the last match of the day , Cameroon plays Croatia , a game that should break a streak of poor results for one team or the other . Cameroon has lost five World Cup matches in a row . But Croatia has gone five without a win , losing three and drawing two . The two sides have never played each other before . Wednesday 's dramas come a day after the 2014 World Cup 's best attacking team met the tournament 's best defensive team . The result was probably the greatest performance by a goalkeeper most football fans have ever seen . Mexican goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa was the man of the match , holding Brazil scoreless despite the hosts ' eight shots on goal . Here are some key statistics : Number of goals Ochoa has conceded in this World Cup : 0 Number of shots on goal against him : 12 Number of saves : 7 , the highest in the tournament Tweets mentioning Ochoa during the Brazil-Mexico match : 1,967,657 , making him the most-often mentioned Mexican player on Twitter during the match Number of tweets during the match : 8.95 million Host Brazil held by Mexico World Cup schedule of matches	NEW : The defending champions could fail to make it out of the group stage NEW : The champions failed to advance in 2010 , as Italy came last in their group NEW : The Netherlands face Australia , a team they have never beaten NEW : Croatia and Cameroon are both on five-match winless streaks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama called his former Republican presidential rival , Sen. John McCain , a hero at a bipartisan dinner Monday night and encouraged politicians to reach across the aisle . President-elect Barack Obama greets Sen. John McCain on stage after praising him at a bipartisan dinner . "  I could stand here and recite the long list of John 's bipartisan accomplishments ... " Obama said . "  Campaign finance reform . Immigration . The Patients ' Bill of Rights . All those times he has crossed the aisle and risked the ire of his party for the good of his country . And yet , what makes John such a rare and courageous public servant is not the accomplishments themselves , but the true motivation behind them . " McCain returned the gracious feelings at the dinner . "  I am very grateful to the president-elect and to all of you for this very considerate gesture , and for allowing me to play a small role in the inauguration of the 44th president of the United States , even if it is n't the one I had in mind a few months ago , " McCain said . "  Tomorrow , the President-elect will accept the burdensome privilege of leading America to its next accomplishments and its future greatness , " McCain went on to say . "  He has my sincere best wishes for his success , and my promise of assistance . For his success will be our success . " After praising McCain , Obama urged everyone to take the bipartisan dinner past "  just an inaugural tradition " and turn it into a "  new way of doing the people 's business in this city . " "  We will not always agree on everything in the months to come , and we will have our share of arguments and debates , " Obama said . "  But let us strive always to find that common ground , and to defend together those common ideals , for it is the only way we can meet the very big and very serious challenges that we face right now . " On the eve of his inauguration , the president-elect even made time for a joke . "  I 'm here tonight to say a few words about an American hero I have come to know very well and admire very much -- Sen. John McCain , " Obama said as he opened his speech . "  And then , according to the rules agreed to by both parties , John will have approximately 30 seconds to make a rebuttal . " Obama 's speech at the bipartisan dinner capped a day filled by appearances , including visiting wounded soldiers and exhorting Americans to spend more time in the service of others . In Washington people took in the sights of pre-inauguration activities and concerts . "  The energy on the streets is something I 've never seen before , " said Nancy Wigal , who lives in Vernon Square . "  People are walking lighter , standing taller and are reaching out to one another . It feels like hope . It feels like shared happiness . " Wigal said Obama 's inauguration has given residents hope that change actually will happen . "  It 's all because of Obama -- we dare to feel positive that we may have actually elected a leader , not just a politician , " she said . "  There are impromptu progressive dinner parties , cookouts and house parties . We finally feel like a real change has come to town . " Obama began his day with a surprise visit to wounded soldiers at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . He met with 14 patients injured in either Iraq or Afghanistan . Obama visited a National Day of Service project , stopping by the Sasha Bruce House , an emergency shelter for homeless teenagers in the Washington area . Watch Obama speak about service on the eve of his inauguration " The shelter provides a variety of services , including counseling , job training , and substance abuse prevention assistance , for up to 15 teenagers at a time . Roughly 30 teenagers are spending the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday volunteering at the shelter by helping to renovate a dorm room . Obama rolled up his sleeves and pitched in during the visit , using a roller to help paint a couple of walls and a piece of furniture . He also quoted King to the teenagers , noting that "  everybody can be great -LSB- because -RSB- everybody can serve . " "  Do n't underestimate the power of people who join together to accomplish amazing things , " Obama added . Given the crisis America is currently in , "  we ca n't allow any idle hands . Everybody 's got to pitch in . " Wigal said Obama 's actions and words make her believe the president-elect has the skills needed to help the country move forward . "  Those of us who live and work here , who try to create , shape , influence and move policy forward , are feeling as if we can finally do something that 'll result in forward motion , " Wigal said . "  We believe we have a leader who listens to those who work the issues every day and know the real solutions . " For Wigal , that 's exactly what makes Inauguration Day so important . "  Tomorrow is going to be the biggest day in our country 's history since its creation , " she said . During Monday 's activities Obama also cited the heroics of U.S. Airways pilot Chesley Sullenberger , who safely landed a crippled commercial airliner in the Hudson River last Thursday , saving the lives of all 155 people on board . "  If everybody did their job as well as he did -LSB- his -RSB- job , we would be in pretty good shape , " Obama said . Obama has personally invited Sullenberger to the inauguration . Obama later joined Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a high school where students were making blankets and greeting cards , among other things , for soldiers overseas . Speaking to the students , Obama again invoked King 's memory , noting the slain civil rights leader had "  dedicated his life to working at the grassroots level ... on behalf of justice and equality . " "  I am making a commitment to you , as your next president , that we are going to make government work , " Obama said . But , he warned , "  government can only do so much . If we 're just waiting around for someone else to do it for us ... it never gets done . We 're going to have to take responsibility , all of us . " Incoming first lady Michelle Obama , joined by Jill Biden , the wife of the vice president-elect , spent the morning at a separate volunteer service event at RFK Stadium , where people were assembling care packages for soldiers serving in Iraq and Afghanistan . Martin Luther King Jr. . Day is traditionally viewed as a day to encourage greater volunteerism .	NEW : John McCain : President-elect "  has my sincere best wishes for his success " Barack Obama praises Sen. John McCain 's leadership at bipartisan dinner "  The energy on the streets is something I 've never seen before , " D.C. resident says Obama urges students to join him and take responsibility
An early and severe start to the flu season has many health experts concerned . On Friday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 47 states are experiencing widespread activity , although it appears to be decreasing in some areas . According to the CDC , this is the most flu cases they 've seen at this time of year in more than a decade . Twenty pediatric flu-related deaths have occurred since the start of the season . The CDC does not track adult flu-related deaths . The peak of the season , which usually happens in February , may be yet to come for most states -- officials said Friday it may be a week or two before it becomes clear whether cases have peaked . Here are some common flu questions from readers answered : Why is this year 's flu causing more severe cases ? The type of flu that is going around is called Influenza A  H3N2  , which is often linked to more serious diseases than other flu varieties , Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , told CNN . People could get more complications from this particular strain , which would make them sick for a longer period of time . How is this flu season different than last year 's ? The 2011-2012 flu season began late and was relatively mild compared with previous seasons , according to the CDC . In fact , the season 's peak set a record for the lowest and shortest since surveillance began . The number of pediatric flu-related deaths was also low last year . The CDC reported 26 children under the age of 18 had died by May 25 , 2012 . As a comparison , 122 pediatric flu-related deaths were reported during the 2010-2011 season . How many people usually die from the flu each year ? The flu kills about 36,000 people a year in the United States , according to the CDC , though the range varies greatly each year . Most deaths are caused by complications from the flu . Children under 2 years old , adults over 65 , pregnant women and American Indians are at a greater risk of suffering from flu complications , according to the CDC . People with medical conditions like asthma , lung disease , heart disease and people with weakened immune systems are also at risk . How does someone go from having the flu to dying ? Most of the people who die have underlying illnesses or a weakened immune system , says Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . The flu can weaken the immune system even more , which can lead to a complication like a bacterial infection . "  It is that bacterial infection that most often causes death , especially in the younger population , " Gupta says . So if I get the flu , should I go to the emergency room ? Most people with the flu do n't have to -- they 'll recover on their own in five to seven days with plenty of rest and fluids , says Dr. David Zich , internal medicine and emergency medicine physician at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago . However , you should go to the ER immediately if : -- You have difficulty breathing or have pain in your chest -- You ca n't keep fluids down because of nausea and vomiting -- Your fever or cough gets better , then worsens "  Let 's say you have the flu , you get better , you think everything is all clear , " Gupta says . "  Then a couple days later , the fever comes back . That means you may now have a bacterial infection . " Does this mean the flu vaccine is n't working ? The flu vaccine is only about 60 % effective , according to the CDC . How well the vaccine works can vary based on your age and health , as well as how good the "  match " of the vaccine is to this year 's flu strain . Each year , the vaccine is made from three strains of the influenza virus that researchers suspect will be the most active . So far , according to the CDC , this year 's vaccine matches well with the most predominant type of flu spreading in the United States , but is less well matched to the No. 2 type of virus . The vaccine usually works best in young , healthy people , according to Dr. Bill Schaffner , chairman of the preventative medicine department at Vanderbilt University . But even if you do get the flu , the vaccine can protect against harsher complications . Learn more about the flu vaccine 's effectiveness Will the flu vaccine make me sick ? The virus used in the flu shot is a dead virus , Gupta says . "  You can not get the flu from a flu shot . " But your body 's immune system will react , and that can make you feel pain in your arm or feel less than 100 % for a few days . Is there a flu vaccine shortage ? While CNN has heard reports of vaccine shortages in some areas , manufacturers say there are vaccines available for anyone who wants to get a flu shot . There was a temporary delay in new shipments of the antiviral medicine Tamiflu due to an increased demand , according to a spokeswoman . Tamiflu can help reduce the severity and length of flu symptoms if taken early . Learn more about the reported shortages I 'm sold ! Is it too late to get the vaccine ? In one word : no . Keep in mind that it takes about two weeks for antibodies to develop in your body and provide protection against the virus , the CDC says . Opinion : Next time , get the vaccine early How can I avoid getting the flu in the first place ? It 's disturbing to think about , but flu germs can spread up to 6 feet through coughs and sneezes . They can also live on surfaces for up to eight hours . Dr. Jennifer Shu , a pediatrician and mother of two , recommends practicing good "  social distancing . " This means canceling parties or dates if someone is sick and avoiding large crowds  like at the movies or going out to dinner  if your community has been hit hard by the virus . It 's also a good idea to practice proper hand-washing -- for at least 20 seconds several times a day . And wiping handles , counters and remotes daily with hot soapy water or disinfectant will kill any germs that linger . Learn more about how to protect yourself and your family	The type of flu going around is called Influenza A  H3N2 The flu kills about 36,000 people a year in the United States , according to the CDC People with medical conditions and weakened immune systems are most at risk
CNN  -- Kanye West has fired back at those criticizing him for an awkward incident involving a wheelchair-bound concertgoer . The uncomfortable moment happened during West 's Friday concert in Sydney , when the rapper stopped the event midshow and demanded that his audience stand . The Grammy winner did n't resume the show until he confirmed that a pair of audience members who were n't standing were unable to do so because they were handicapped . Kanye West 's controversial concert demand After that incident , the Twitterverse went into overdrive with anger at West -- and on Monday , the rapper and his wife , Kim Kardashian , offered a defense . During a performance in Brisbane on Monday , West took a moment to explain his side of the story and criticize the media for highlighting Friday 's misunderstanding . He called out the likes of Matt Lauer , Michael Strahan , Whoopi Goldberg and Robin Roberts and asked them to look at him from a new perspective before covering stories on his actions . "  They 've got this thing where they want the masses , the people who 've never even heard one of my albums , to somehow read a headline that reads negative and to think that I 'm a bad person . But the thing is ... I 'm a married Christian man with a family , " West said during his five-minute speech . "  At my concerts , I make sure everybody has as good a time as possible . So all this demonizing me , it ai n't going to work after a while . Pick a new target , because I 'm not one of these dumba ** artists that you 're used to . " Kardashian turned to Instagram to show her support for her husband . Kim Kardashian 's marriage milestone : 73 days with Kanye West "  It 's frustrating that something so awesome could be clouded by lies in the media , " the reality star vented alongside a video of West 's performance . "  Kanye never asked anyone in a wheel chair to stand up & the audience videos show that . He asked for everyone to stand up & dance UNLESS they were in a wheel chair . " As video from Friday 's concert in Sydney shows , West did take his demand that all audience members stand seriously , but he did n't insist that disabled attendees get up . Regardless , fans will have to prepare themselves for more than music from a Kanye West concert . Monday 's show marked the final date on West 's current tour , but he finished his statement teasing the likelihood of more interruptions going forward . "  You come at me , I 'm going to take my platform , and break this s *** down for real , intelligent people every night , " West told his audience . "  And then we 'll get back to the music . "	Kanye West has responded to criticism over handicapped concert-goers He came under scrutiny for insisting that all audience members stand West called the response to the incident an attempt to demonize him West : "  I 'm a married Christian man . ... Pick another target "
CNN  -- The father of Sandy Hook Elementary School shooter Adam Lanza said his son would have killed him if he 'd had the opportunity . "  With hindsight , I know Adam would have killed me in a heartbeat , if he 'd had the chance , " Peter Lanza told New Yorker magazine in an interview that appears in the March 17 issue . It 's the first time Peter Lanza has spoken publicly about his son . "  The reason he shot Nancy four times was one for each of us : one for Nancy ; one for him ; one for  his brother  Ryan ; one for me , " he said . Authorities say Adam Lanza , 20 , killed his mother , Nancy , before fatally shooting 20 children , six staff members and himself at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , in December 2012 . Peter Lanza said his son talked with many mental health professionals but none saw violent tendencies in his personality . He said he may have overlooked troubling signs himself by accepting a diagnosis of Asperger 's syndrome , though he does n't think Asperger 's caused the violence . "  Asperger 's makes people unusual , but it does n't make people like this , " he said . He also said his ex-wife did n't detect the potential for violence . "  She never confided to her sister or best friend about being worried , " he said . "  She slept with her bedroom door unlocked and kept guns in the house , which she would not have done if she were frightened . " Final report on Newtown school shooting released Peter Lanza said he thought his son was "  a normal , weird little kid " but by the time he reached middle school "  it was crystal clear something was wrong . " "  The social awkwardness , the uncomfortable anxiety , unable to sleep , stress , unable to concentrate , having a hard time learning , the awkward walk , reduced eye contact , " he said . "  You could see the changes occurring . " He said he thinks about his son and the massacre every waking hour . "  You ca n't get any more evil , " he said . "  How much do I beat up on myself about the fact that he 's my son ? A lot . " He said he 's offered to meet victims of the shooting and two families took him up on the offer . "  It 's gut-wrenching , " he said . "  A victim 's family member told me that they forgave Adam after we spent three hours talking . I did n't even know how to respond . A person that lost their son , their only son . " Shooter may have called ` AnarchyRadio ' show before attack	Peter Lanza said mental health professionals did n't see potential for violence "  It was crystal clear something was wrong " by middle school Father speaks about Newtown for the first time
CNN  -- Today 's world is more interconnected than ever , making the transmission of communicable diseases that originate abroad easier to reach our shores . And the ongoing Ebola outbreak is simply the latest unsettling reminder that all the benefits of an interconnected world also come with significant risks that must be addressed and mitigated . This Ebola outbreak likely began with a 2-year-old in the rain forest of GuÃ © ckÃ © dou , Guinea , and it has now reached halfway around the world to Dallas , Texas , where this terrible disease claimed its first victim in the United States , Thomas Eric Duncan , last Wednesday . We have the ability to prevent a significant outbreak of the virus here in the United States , but President Obama must act much more quickly and effectively if we are going to combat the disease at its source , and thus hinder further overseas transmission and ultimately prevent the spread of the disease outside Africa . This challenge will only be made more difficult because many Americans lack confidence in our government 's ability to effectively confront crises like this one . Beginning with the first case in Guinea last December , the response to the Ebola outbreak by the international community has been slow and inadequate . Local health systems , which were weak at best , have been completely devastated as many health workers became victims of this deadly virus . The United States initially stood back and allowed the global response to be led by the World Health Organization , which failed to combat Ebola in its earliest stages . As a result , Ebola ballooned from a local problem to a regional problem , and now to a global problem . The United States is the country best equipped with the resources and power to tackle the medical and logistical nightmare that the Ebola epidemic has become . With over 8,000 people infected , more than 4,000 dead and infection rates increasing , this outbreak of Ebola is not going to go away quickly . Yet while we need a more effective and rapid response to contain the outbreak in West Africa , we also need to make sure sufficient safeguards are in place to protect Americans . We have to make sure that every aspect of our federal government 's response -- from our passenger screening efforts to our public health system -- is effectively prepared to prevent the spread of Ebola . To that end , the United States must take several steps to strengthen our response to this challenge . First , Americans need to have some reassurance that someone in our country is in charge of confronting this epidemic and keeping Americans safe from it . So far , inexcusably , this has not really happened . President Obama should publicly designate a senior government official to lead a task force . This person would be in charge of coordinating the U.S. response to this crisis , both domestically and internationally , including our military presence , which in a limited amount of time has already had a real impact on the ground in Liberia . Second , we need to target the problem at the source . Containing the outbreak in Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone is the right thing to do for humanitarian reasons , but it 's also essential to protecting the American people . The longer the outbreak lasts in those countries , the greater the chance of the disease being transmitted to other countries , including the United States . As part of the response abroad , we need to bolster public health systems in the region to help prevent the virus from expanding across more borders . Third , we need to prevent the growing crisis in West Africa from leading to more cases in the United States . The recent announcement of increased entry screening of those traveling from affected countries by Customs and Border Patrol at select points of entry in the United States is a good but , frankly , overdue first step . However , it will not be enough , and the State Department should institute a temporary ban on new visas to non-U.S. nationals seeking to travel to the United States from Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . Since March 1 , 2014 , over 6,000 visas have been issued to nationals of these countries . Foreign health workers coming to the United States to be trained should be exempted , provided they pass screening efforts . However , until we have a better handle on the problem , we need to prevent mass travel from the countries most affected . We should also ensure that Customs and Border Patrol agents at airports beyond the current transit points have the equipment and training to deal with potential cases . And additional travel restrictions should not be ruled out . Fourth , the infection of two health care workers in Dallas during the treatment of Duncan raises questions about the ability of hospitals across the country to handle the extensive safety protocols required to treat Ebola patients . Two medical facilities in the United States have already successfully treated patients that have now been cured and two others have specialized facilities for treating patients with the virus . We should consider centralizing all future cases at these medical facilities , but hospitals across the United States will still need to focus on screening and isolating suspected cases that may arrive at their facilities . Finally , we need to increase our efforts to develop an Ebola vaccine and to increase production of antiviral drugs . There are a few promising drugs to fight Ebola in test phases . We should speed up testing of these drugs and explore the possibility of scaling up drug manufacturing at the same time as clinical testing . Once we develop a drug with proven success , we should be ready to supply it in large numbers . In order to avoid bureaucratic red tape , we should begin discussion with the WHO , drug companies and West African governments on the processes for purchasing and distributing of these drugs . The Ebola epidemic is a reminder of the evolving nature of our national security challenges . A sick child in Africa has advanced into a global health security issue that is now knocking on America 's door . We can successfully address this problem , protect our people and once again demonstrate America 's compassion abroad . But much more needs to be done and it needs to happen quickly . Like other national security challenges , the longer we wait to engage , the more limited our options will become and the likelihood of success will be reduced . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Marco Rubio : Americans lack confidence in government 's ability to fight crises like Ebola But U.S. is country best equipped to tackle nightmare problems of Ebola , he says Important that U.S. help beat the disease in West Africa to ease threat to U.S. , Rubio says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Tyler Perry is known today as the first African-American to own a major film and TV studio . He 's a pioneer whose own life story is a rags-to-riches tale that reads like a screenplay . Tyler Perry is the first African-American to own a major film and TV studio . Now a writer , actor , director and producer -- Perry 's success grew out of a troubled home in a poor neighborhood in New Orleans , Louisiana . Strong on faith , Perry named his first play "  I Know I 've Been Changed , " after an old Negro spiritual . It was a gospel musical about two adult survivors of child abuse . In 1991 , he moved to Atlanta , Georgia , where he worked as a bill collector and eventually scraped together enough money to rent a small theatre and stage the play . With only 30 people in the audience , the play was a flop . For the next several years , he struggled and was often broke and sometimes lived in his car . But Perry refused to give up . He finally got a second chance in 1998 , when a promoter booked the show in the Tabernacle , a former church turned concert hall in downtown Atlanta . It was a sold out hit and the little boy from inner-city New Orleans was well on his way . Perry then took his plays on the road and traveled the so-called "  chitlin ' circuit " to theaters in Memphis , Tennessee , Detroit , Michigan , and Baltimore , Maryland -- where black entertainers historically performed for predominantly black audiences . He began making a name for himself with African-Americans . In 2004 , he started looking for backers for his first movie project "  Diary of Mad Black Woman , " a story about a devoted wife in a bad marriage . He said he faced a wall of ignorance when he pitched white executives in Hollywood . One told him the project was doomed to fail at the box office because the core audience for Perry 's stage plays -- black churchgoers -- would n't go to the movies . Another said the dialogue for his characters was unrealistic . Though he was largely unknown to white audiences , Perry refused to play by Hollywood 's rules and demanded creative control of his projects . Tour of Tyler Perry 's back lot " He was resigned to bankrolling the project himself and selling it as a DVD when he got a call from the independent studio Lionsgate . They struck a deal and he made "  Diary " for about $ 5 million . The movie earned 10 times that at the box office . Since then , Perry 's movies have grossed nearly $ 400 million and he 's developed a loyal following . He now demands not only creative control but also ownership of the finished product . Still , it 's just the beginning , he said . "  I do n't necessarily feel like I 've arrived . " Even so , Perry has a prolific output of stories , including his movies "  Why Did I Get Married , " "  Meet the Browns , " "  The Family that Preys , " and "  Madea 's Family Reunion . " He signed a $ 200 million deal with TBS  owned by Time Warner , the same company that owns CNN  for 100 episodes of "  House of Payne , " one of television 's most popular shows among black adults . The sitcom is now in syndication , making even more money for Perry . Perry said ownership of the finished product is key to building wealth , a principle he hopes other African-Americans will embrace . How are entertainment heavyweights changing black stereotypes ? "  If you want to think about longevity , " he said , "  if you want to think about your family and generations down the line , then you have to own it . " And own it he does . Tyler Perry Studios , on 30 acres in Atlanta , is his black Hollywood . But he is quick to acknowledge his debt to the legendary black actors from an earlier generation by naming two of his soundstages after Sidney Poitier and Cicely Tyson . He has also helped introduce them to a new generation by casting Tyson , 76 , an Oscar-nominated actress , in two of his films . Tyson opens up about life , career " A study by the NAACP found that African-Americans are "  underrepresented in almost every aspect of the television and film industry , " but Perry is able to hire on both sides of the camera . On his production crews , black employees are getting unprecedented career opportunities , and black actors are portraying characters beyond the predictable drug dealers and thugs . "  What makes me feel great is to be able to pull up to this place and to be able to have 300 people working and running around , trying to get things done , " he said . "  That makes me feel great . " His greatest accomplishment , he said , has nothing to do with business . "  It 's more personal than that for me , " he said . "  My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life . Those are my biggest successes . It has nothing to do with work . " The NAACP has honored Perry with its Image Award , but there are some who believe his characters do n't portray African-Americans positively . "  He 's made a lot of money , but the quality of work is sorely lacking , " said Todd Boyd , a University of Southern California film professor and culture/media critic . Some of Perry 's characters rely heavily on exaggerated personalities and slapstick comedy . Boyd is particularly critical of Perry 's recurring character , Madea , an over-the-top grandmother who smokes marijuana and brandishes loaded guns she keeps in her purse . Perry himself plays the tough , buxom matriarch , who runs at full throttle fueled by country wisdom and ghetto strength . "  It seems a bit ironic that at the moment of the first African-American president , the most popular African-American figure in the media is a man in drag engaging some of the most stereotypical images of African-Americans ever created , " Boyd said . Perry said his critics are missing the point . "  They miss the messages of empowerment , " he said . "  Sure , the silliness of ` Madea , ' the silliness of ` Brown , ' it 's broad , it 's over the top . Great . Fine . I get it . But how can you miss the message of forgiveness ? How can you miss the messages of empowerment ? "  I would love to share with them the letters that I 've gotten from people . ` This helped me get through a tough time . ' ' I was gon na commit suicide . ' ` My husband and I were n't speaking until we saw "  Why Did I Get Married ? " It saved our marriage . ' " For Perry , his work will always be about writing from his experiences , old and new . "  Whatever I 'm experiencing in life is what I 'll write about , " he said . "  I 'm telling you , just to think this little boy from Louisiana can do it , anybody can do it . "	Tyler Perry is the first African-American to own a major film and TV studio The director , writer and playwright grew up poor in New Orleans , Louisiana Perry 's movies have grossed nearly $ 400 million ; he 's developed loyal following " -LSB- If -RSB- this little boy from Louisiana can do it , anybody can do it , " says Perry
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Joseph Horman already had seen the lock-picking videos on YouTube . But it was a different thing entirely for the 13-year-old puzzle-lover to get lessons in lock picking and computer hacking at an event sanctioned by adults . The world 's largest gathering of computer hackers -- DEF CON , which is happening this weekend at the Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas -- held its first-ever hacking classes for kids this year , at an event appropriately called DEF CON Kids . Sessions in hacking were designed for kiddos ages 8 to 16 . A common parent 's reaction to something this might be : They 're teaching them what ?! But hear these hackers out . Their intentions are good . Take Horman 's uncle , Adam Steed , a computer security professional in Salt Lake City , Utah , who brought his nephew to these training sessions because he already was fascinated with games and coding .  He actually has written his own computer game , called "  Blooks , " in which players "  try to build as many buildings as you can while avoiding enemies , " he said . "  You can watch lock-picking videos on YouTube , but where do you hear the ethical side of this ? " said Steed , the uncle . "  Not on YouTube . " He added : "  I would rather someone learn in a controlled environment . They 're going to learn it anyway . " Horman , the video game-writing nephew , sat attentively in the second row of a small classroom on Saturday , fiddling with a Rubik 's Cube during sessions with titles like "  Secrets Revealed , " "  Meet the Feds " and "  Google Hacking . " That last class title is a bit misleading , since instructor-hacker Johnny Long focused more on non-technical hacking -- looking at people 's laptops over their backs in airports ; picking locks with toilet paper rolls and pen caps ; and digging social security numbers out of corporate trash bins -- instead of actual search-engine hacking . Long went to great lengths to remind the kids in attendance that the point of the class was to teach them what bad guys might be doing -- and how to avoid breaches in their own security or privacy . "  Do n't let me catch you guys stealing toilet paper and breaking locks , " he said . "  If you do , it 's not my fault . " Horman said he would only pick a lock if his family got locked out of their own house or car . That 's happened before , he said , so that skill might be handy . "  Our family has had some trouble with locks , " he said , smiling . "  Let 's say the younger ones love playing with the key and slipping them under the door . " In the "  Meet the Feds " session , representatives from NASA , the Department of Homeland Security , the National Security Agency and the Navy told the kids they were smart to pick up hacking skills early because the government needs employees who can hack . Several kids raised their hands to ask about hacking as a career path . Part of the potential confusion about DEF CON Kids comes from the very term "  hacker , " which people here use to refer to anyone who has the skills needed to modify computer software and hardware . Some hackers extend the domain further , to locks and such . Those skills could be used for criminal activity , but quite a few DEF CON attendees are actually computer security professionals -- the "  good guys " trying to make the Internet less vulnerable to attacks by computer criminals . Still , all this talk about malicious hacking made 10-year-old Dennis Mikhaylov a bit nervous . "  I 'm getting a locker next year , " he said after one of the class sessions . He 's about to start middle school . "  I thought it was cool , but now I 'm afraid someone might open it . " Mikhaylov said he 'd deal with this by keeping any valuables , which he defined as anything with his address on it ; textbooks ; and his Nook e-reader , which he apparently carries around all the time , out of that school locker . The DEF CON Kids event also included a competition , where kids went around the hacker conference trying to break codes and solve puzzles . Isabel Holland , 10 , made up one-half of a team called "  Sonic Death-Monkeys , " a name she says is "  weird " but went with because the boy who was her partner chose it . "  You have to , like , find people , and it 's really hard because they 're all over the place , " she said of one piece of the challenge which required her to search out hackers . Her dad , Bo Holland , from Austin , Texas , said it 's cool for kids to get a chance to see how the technology and video games they use all the time actually work . Ultimately , it will make the kids safer , he said , especially in this age of social networking , when the collective memory of the Internet has no expiration date . "  You 're building up your reputation and it 's not going to go away . If you do bad things , that 's going to stick with you , " he said . He added : "  You can say , ` Oh , we do n't want to hear how this  hacking  stuff works and that 's scary ... but it 's really important kids know how to protect themselves . "	DEF CON is the world 's largest gathering of computer hackers This year , the conference held classes for kids age 8 to 16 DEF CON Kids aims to teach kids to be more secure online
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto has accused Islamabad of waging "  a typical disinformation campaign " by saying it planned to lift longstanding corruption charges ahead of her planned return to Pakistan for upcoming elections . Benazir Bhutto says she plans to end her self-imposed exile and return to Pakistan on October 18 . "  The charges have not been dropped against me , " she told reporters Wednesday before a meeting of her Pakistan People 's Party in London . "  This is just a typical disinformation campaign by the present regime . " She said the move has "  totally stalled " talks on a power-sharing deal with Pakistan 's President , Gen. Pervez Musharraf . Speaking on CNN Tuesday , minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmad said a majority of Pakistan 's Cabinet ministers agreed that the charges against Bhutto should be lifted , allowing her to participate in parliamentary elections scheduled for later this year or early next year . He said the decision came out of an emergency session called by Pakistan 's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz and was expected to be finalized in the coming days . Following the announcement , Bhutto said she was inundated with hundreds of congratulatory calls but had heard nothing from Islamabad about the reported decision . "  I asked the Pakistan People 's party president to ring up the presidency and see if it was correct , " she said . "  They said it was not correct , even though it came from a Cabinet minister . " Bhutto said she still intends to end her self-imposed exile and return to Pakistan on October 18 . Former prime minister Bhutto is walking a fine line between supporting Musharraf 's regime by negotiating a power-sharing deal with him , and criticizing what she called a "  military dictatorship " that she blamed for rigging the last elections that followed Musharraf 's 1999 coup . She said the power-sharing talks are an effort "  to save democracy " in Pakistan , but it has prompted criticism from other opposition leaders -- including her rival , former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif who questioned , "  How can a democrat share power with a dictator ? " Sharif was swiftly sent back to Saudi Arabia last month when he tried to return to Pakistan after the top court lifted the exile order imposed against him following his ouster from power by Musharraf . Bhutto had previously demanded that Musharraf step down from his army post before seeking a third term as president -- something that she conceded will not happen before Saturday when Pakistan 's parliament and four provincial assemblies are scheduled to choose a president . Musharraf has agreed to give up the army post after his expected re-election to the presidency , even naming a successor to head Pakistan 's military on Tuesday . Bhutto indicated that she is prepared to continue negotiating a power-sharing deal with Musharraf , which could mean her return to the prime minister post . But she clarified her opposition party "  is not in the business of saving military dictatorships . " "  We want to save democracy and if General Musharraf 's dictatorship can take the measures necessary to demonstrate that Pakistan is moving towards democracy , we have an understanding , " Bhutto said . "  But unfortunately there are  three  days to the presidential elections ... and we do n't have that movement . " Led by the two candidates vying to replace Musharraf as president , Pakistan 's opposition is petitioning the country 's Supreme Court to block Saturday 's vote on the grounds that it is unconstitutional for a military officer to seek the presidency within two years of holding rank . In addition , they are arguing that Pakistan 's constitution calls for an elected official to step down and wait a year before seeking a third term . Eighty-five Pakistani opposition lawmakers submitted their resignation Tuesday to protest Musharraf 's bid for another term , which would begin on November 15 . Over the weekend , Pakistan 's election commission handed Musharraf a key victory , accepting his nomination to seek a third term . That decision prompted clashes between police and anti-Musharraf protesters . If the vote goes ahead on Saturday , Musharraf is expected to secure the more than 50 votes in parliament needed to secure a new mandate . Musharraf on Tuesday named Lt. Gen. Ashfaq Kiyani -- currently the head of Pakistan 's Inter Services Intelligence agency -- to take his place as Pakistan 's military chief . Musharraf did not announce when Kiyani will take over as army chief . The Pakistani leader has only said that he will abandon the post sometime before he takes the oath of office again , if lawmakers approve a fresh mandate on Saturday . The new five-year term will start on November 15 . Arif Nizami , editor of the Pakistani daily , The Nation , said Kiyani is generally regarded as "  in the same mold as General Musharraf . " "  Musharraf has chosen a successor very carefully who will continue his policies and he will be as pro-western as General Musharraf is , " Nizami told CNN International . However , he pointed out that "  once the army chief is there , he is his own man and you ca n't be 100 percent sure what kind of policies he 'll pursue . " Musharraf led the 1999 coup as Pakistan 's army chief , a position he has been reluctant to relinquish because his real power base resides in the military , not with the Pakistani people . Musharraf has seen his power erode since a failed effort earlier this year to fire the Supreme Court 's chief justice . His administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy . E-mail to a friend CNN 's European Political Editor Robin Oakley in London and CNN 's Syed Mohsin Naqvi in Lahore contributed to this report .	Pakistani opposition leader says she doubts corruption charges are lifted Benazir Bhutto says move has stalled talks on deal with President Musharraf Bhutto says intends to end exile and return to Pakistan on October 18
London  CNN  -- Portuguese coach Andre Villas-Boas was confirmed as the new manager of Chelsea Wednesday . The 33-year-old will become the youngest manager in the English Premier League . He moved to the west London giants after a payment of $ 15 million  $ 21.6 million  made to his former club Porto triggered a release clause in his contract . Villas-Boas , who guided Porto to a treble last season , has signed a three-year contract at Stamford Bridge and will replace Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti , who was sacked in May . "  Chelsea football club is delighted to announce that Andre Villas-Boas will be the club 's new manager , " read a statement on the team 's official website . Could Villas-Boas succeed at Chelsea ? "  His ambition , drive and determination matches that of Chelsea and we are confident Andre 's leadership of the team will result in greater successes in major domestic and European competitions . " The former Academica coach worked as a scout for the four-time English champions under compatriot Jose Mourinho , who is now in charge of Real Madrid . Mourinho -- like Villas-Boas -- guided Porto to a trio of domestic and European honors in 2003 , before winning two Premier League titles , one FA Cup and two League Cups as Chelsea boss between 2004 and 2007 . Is Villas-Boas the new ` Special One ' ? Turkey head coach Guus Hiddink had been linked with the vacant position after he enjoyed a successful temporary spell with Chelsea in 2009 , but billionaire owner Roman Abramovich has opted for Villas-Boas . Former AC Milan coach Ancelotti was dismissed after a trophy-less campaign saw Chelsea finish second in England 's top division , despite delivering a league and FA Cup double the previous year . Abramovich will hope Villas-Boas can secure Chelsea the European Champions League , an honor which has so far eluded the Russian since he gained control of the club in 2003 . Meanwhile , seven-time French champions Lyon announced the appointment Wednesday of Remi Garde as their new manager . The former French international has been in charge of the club 's youth set-up and replaces Claude Puel , who left Monday with a year left on his contract . Garde was capped six times by his country and played for Lyon for nine years before moving on to Strasbourg and Arsenal in the English Premier League .	Chelsea confirms Portuguese coach Andre Villas-Boas as new manager Villas-Boas led Porto to treble last season and succeeds Carlo Ancelotti Former Academica coach will become Premier League 's youngest manager Remi Garde takes charge of seven-time French champions Lyon
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Seventy days after his sudden death , Michael Jackson will be interred in what may or may not be his final resting place Thursday evening . A private funeral for Michael Jackson will be held Thursday in Glendale , California , his family says . Only his family and closest friends will attend the private burial starting at 7 p.m. PT  10 p.m. ET  inside the ornate Great Mausoleum on the grounds of Forest Lawn cemetery in Glendale , California . They 'll then drive to an Italian restaurant eight miles away in Pasadena , California for "  a time of celebration , " the nine-page engraved invitation said . The first page inside the invitation holds a quote from "  Dancing the Dream , " a book of essays and poems published by Jackson in 1992 : "  If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same , then everything that happens in between can be dealt with . " Gallery : Invitation for Jackson 's service " The news media -- which have closely covered every aspect of Jackson 's death -- will be kept at a distance , with their cameras no closer than the cemetery 's main gate . The family will provide a limited video feed that will only show mourners arriving . Little is known about the planned ceremony , though CNN has confirmed that singer Gladys Knight -- a longtime friend to Jackson -- will perform . Her song has not been disclosed . The massive mausoleum , which is normally open to tourists , was closed Wednesday as preparations were completed for the funeral . A security guard blocking its entrance said it would reopen to the public on Friday . Fans of Clark Gable , Carole Lombard and dozens of other celebrities buried on the grounds have flocked to Forest Lawn-Glendale for decades , but Jackson may outdraw them all . It is unclear how close tourists will be allowed to Jackson 's resting place . Security guards -- aided by cameras -- keep a constant vigil over the graves and crypts , which are surrounded by a world-class collection of art and architecture . The Forest Lawn Web site boasts that the mausoleum , which draws its architectural inspiration from the Campo Santo in Italy , "  has been called the "  New World 's Westminster Abbey " by Time Magazine . Visitors will see "  exact replicas of Michelangelo 's greatest works such as David , Moses , and La Pieta " and "  Leonardo da Vinci 's immortal Last Supper re-created in brilliant stained glass ; two of the world 's largest paintings , " the Web site says . Jackson 's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members , though it was matriarch Katherine Jackson who would make the final decision , brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN . He preferred to see his youngest brother laid to rest at his former Neverland Ranch home , north of Los Angeles in Santa Barbara County , California . That idea was complicated by neighbors who vowed to oppose allowing a grave in the rural area -- and by Jackson family members who said the singer would not want to return to the home where he faced child molestation charges , of which he was ultimately acquitted . The mystery of where Michael Jackson would be buried became a media obsession in the weeks after his death . After his body was loaded onto a helicopter at UCLA 's Ronald Reagan Medical Center hours following his June 25 death , it stayed in the custody of the Los Angeles County coroner for an autopsy . It was only later disclosed that Jackson 's corpse was kept in a refrigerated room at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn cemetery until his casket was carried by motorcade to downtown Los Angeles for a public memorial service in the Staples Center arena . Again , speculation about Jackson 's whereabouts grew when the media lost track of his casket after his brothers carried it out of sight inside the arena . Though the family has not publicly confirmed where the body was taken , most reports placed it back at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn while awaiting his family 's decision . Though Thursday 's interment may settle one Michael Jackson mystery , a more serious one remains . The coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide . A summary of the coroner 's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer 's death . Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged .	NEW : Michael Jackson burial to begin at 7 p.m. PT  10 p.m. ET Jackson 's burial has been delayed by division among Jackson family members Coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide No one has been charged in the pop singer 's death
CNN  -- The roadside bomb that smashed into Army Sgt. Brian Saaristo 's Humvee in northern Iraq two years ago ripped off both legs below the knee . Retired Army Sgt. Brian Saaristo , who lost both legs to a roadside bomb , meets with a doctor in Minnesota . Now he 's 45 , living in retirement in Minnesota and confronting the rest of his life without the use of his legs . Yet he worries mainly about the thousands of younger U.S. service members who also have been maimed by makeshift bombs in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Younger ones are taking it harder , " Saaristo said . "  They feel they do n't have the rest of their lives . " Roadside bombs and other homemade explosives have been a deadly staple of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , killing or wounding thousands of U.S. service members and civilians . Such improvised explosives devices -- "  IEDs " to the military -- are the "  weapon of choice " for insurgents , U.S. officials say . They 're mostly cheap , easy to build and triggered by simple remote control . Protecting U.S. troops from such bombs is a top priority at the Pentagon . It has spent $ 14 billion in the past four years to fight homemade bombs . It even created an agency for that purpose -- the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization . That agency has had some success , a new report says , but insurgents continue to kill and maim U.S. service members with homemade bombs , in part because the bombs fulfill their purpose and it is easy to acquire the materials used to construct them . The report came from a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee . It followed two years of hearings and study . The number of IED attacks has dropped in Iraq and gone up in Afghanistan , said Irene Smith , a spokeswoman for the IED organization . Yet there are more than 1,400 such attacks a month in Iraq and Afghanistan and an additional 350 elsewhere , a sign that insurgents continue to rely on them . "  We are in a long war , a persistent conflict with a group of insurgents who want to wear down our will so we quit -- the purpose of an IED , " she said . "  The enemy recognizes IEDs as the weapon of choice . " The IED agency has developed and fielded electronic jammers that prevent the bomb 's trigger signal from reaching the explosive , the congressional report said . It also has pursued better vehicle armor . The agency has been developing intelligence , fostering police work , funding surveillance and attacking insurgent networks that produce and set up the bombs . It has been involved in training troops on how to confront and look for the weapon . Yet the report said the group needs to improve the way it measures its performance , because it is n't clear in many cases whether the group 's actions or other factors have led to various strides in confronting roadside bombs . The report also said the organization needs to widen its authority to include other agencies that confront roadside bombs , and get better oversight . Smith , the spokeswoman for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , agrees with these conclusions . She said the organization appreciates the opportunity to work with the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress , "  to identify and resolve any problem areas in our processes . " She said the cooperation among agencies is crucial . "  Global terrorism will continue to manifest itself through use of IEDs , " she said .	Number of homemade bomb attacks down in Iraq , up in Afghanistan Pentagon says $ 14 billion spent in past four years to combat homemade bombs Electronic detection , vehicles with more armor cut casualties
Ballet dancer Pavel Dmitrichenko , often cast as the villain in Bolshoi Ballet productions , is now the lead defendant in a plot worthy of a Tchaikovsky score . The 29-year-old allegedly choreographed an attack intended to blind Bolshoi artistic director Sergei Filin , the man who put him in the roles of Ivan the Terrible and Swan Lake 's evil genius . The mystery of who threw sulfuric acid into Filin 's face in January has captivated Russians and kept Moscow detectives busy probing rivalries within Russia 's renowned 240-year-old ballet company . It might well send Hollywood literary agents and producers scrambling for story details as described by police reports and local media accounts . Police declared their case was solved this week with a confession by Dmitrichenko Russian police question suspect in Bolshoi director 's acid attack "  I organized this attack but not to the extent that it happened , " he is heard saying in a video released by police . The characters in this drama include Dmitrichenko 's girlfriend , Anzhelina Vorontsova . She has not been charged , but local newspapers quote ballet members as saying Dmitrichenko was angry because he thought Filin was stifling her career . Two alleged co-conspirators have been detained : Alleged hit man Yuri Zarutsky -- a burly , bearded Russian who was previously convicted of beating someone to death -- and Andrey Lipatov , who allegedly drove the getaway car after Zarutksy 's battery acid attack on Filin . While the final act must still play out in a Russian courtroom , the story opens in the nearly two-century-old Bolshoi Theatre . Act 1 - The Bolshoi Theatre Ballet is a world where competition is fierce , and where the artistic director wields considerable influence in making or breaking careers . Filin , 42 , was promoted to the Bolshoi Theatre 's coveted post in March 2011 , shortly after the deputy ballet director , Gennady Yanin , who was widely seen as a favorite for the artistic director post , resigned when pornographic pictures of him surfaced online . There was "  fierce rivalry " for the Bolshoi position at the time , according to the RIA Novosti news agency . That year , two dancers quit , unhappy with the direction the ballet had taken . Another dancer , Nikolai Tsiskaridze , loudly criticized Filin for going over budget in the ballet 's multimllion-dollar renovation . Tsiskaridze , incidentally , was also a contender for the artistic director job that Filin got . But beyond professional disagreements , sinister factors were also at play . Act 2 - The Streets of Moscow RIA Novosti reported that before the attack , Filin suffered months of intimidation , including threatening phone calls . Someone slashed his car tires . Somebody also attempted to hack his Facebook page . The trio of conspirators obtained battery acid at a car parts store , and made the acid stronger by evaporating the water from it , police said . Dmitrichenko , who studied Filin 's schedule , called Lipatov and Zarutsky when he saw Filin leave the theater on the cold night of January 17 , police said . As Filin entered the security code at the door of his Moscow apartment , authorities say , Zarutsky confronted him and tossed the sulfuric acid into his face . It caused third-degree burns and left him blinded . Act 3 - Moscow Police Headquarters Detectives pored over interviews with those who knew Filin and had suspicions about who would harm him . Other clues led them to several cell phones that Dmitrichenko had registered in other people 's names , according to a police statement . Calls from those phones led investigators to Lipatov , the alleged driver . "  I did n't see what happened there , " Lipatov told them in a video released by police . "  I just took Yuri there , waited for him and gave him a lift back . " When an interrogator asked Zarutsky about the crime , he allegedly said , "  I do n't want to talk about it . " Police concluded a "  hostile relationship " stemming from Dmitrichenko 's professional interaction with Filin was his motive . Bolshoi Prima ballerina 's grace under pressure Act 4 - A Moscow Court The three men faced a judge Thursday , who ordered that they be kept in police custody until the investigation is over . If convicted , the attackers could face up to eight years in jail for willfully inflicting damage on the health of another . It may take at least six months for Filin to recover from the burns . In the meantime , Galina Stepanenko , a former principal dancer , will run the company . She says she 's going to follow Filin 's plans and she believes the dancers will now be united by greater respect and care for each other . Doctors performed a skin graft on Filin and , after a second eye surgery , they were able to save his sight . His colleagues are now working to ensure his artistic vision is n't lost . Read the latest news on CNN.com	Judge orders all three men to be held in police custody "  I organized this attack , but not to the extent that it happened , " dancer says Police say the motive was a "  hostile relationship " State media : Filin had suffered intimidation , including threatening phone calls
CNN  -- The Bachelor sounds like a bigot . According to TheTVPage.com , Juan Pablo Galavis -- the former Venezuelan soccer player , who is now romancing 27 young ladies on ABC 's hit reality show , "  The Bachelor " -- has some strong opinions about gays . In response to a question at a network party , on Friday Galavis told the website 's editor , Sean Daly that he did n't think it would be good for the show to feature a bachelor who was gay or bisexual . The conversation was recorded . The problem is n't what he said about the show . He has an opinion , and he 's entitled to it . The problem is what comes next : Where he explains his reasons for feeling this way . He starts off by saying , "  I do n't think it is a good example for kids to watch that on TV . " A good example for kids ? Has Galavis ever watched the show he 's on ? You have 27 young ladies backstabbing and preening and scheming to get close to a bachelor and get a red rose , and , they hope -- an engagement ring . Along the way , they proclaim that they 've fallen madly in love with and want to spend the rest of their lives with this person they 've known for all of 45 minutes , when what they want most is to beat out the other women and win the contest . Is this a good example for kids ? To be fair , in his apology , which Galavis posted later on his Facebook page , he noted : "  The show is very racy as it is and I do n't let my 5-year-old daughter watch it . " But in his conversation with Daly , Galavis ' comments about gays got worse . He went on : "  Obviously people have their husband and wife and kids and that is how we are brought up . Now there is fathers having kids and all that , and it is hard for me to understand that too in the sense of a household having peoples . ... Two parents sleeping in the same bed and the kid going into bed . ... It is confusing . " Finally , Galavis said , "  there 's this thing about gay people ... it seems to me , and I do n't know if I 'm mistaken or not ... but they 're more ` pervert ' in a sense . And to me the show would be too strong ... too hard to watch . " Ick ! This is too hard to listen to . What 's more "  pervert " -- romancing and smooth-talking a couple dozen women , in and out of hot tubs , or a loving and monogamous same-sex relationship ? According to TVGuide.com , ABC said this in a statement : "  Juan Pablo 's comments were careless , thoughtless and insensitive , and in no way reflect the views of the network , the show 's producers or studio . " And here is some added irony . The first openly anti-gay "  Bachelor " also happens to be the first Latino "  Bachelor . " What a shocker . Those of us who are part of this community know all too well that it is still infected with too much homophobia . It 's hypocritical for anyone in a group that is forever insisting that the rest of society not only tolerate but celebrate that which makes them different  i.e. , culture and language  would then attack another group for being different . Finally , Galavis ' statement of contrition Saturday on Facebook also left something to be desired . He said this : "  I want to apologize to all the people I may have offended because of my comments on having a Gay or Bisexual Bachelor . The comment was taken out of context . If you listen to the entire interview , there 's nothing but respect for Gay people and their families . I have many gay friends and one of my closest friends who 's like a brother has been a constant in my life especially during the past 5 months . The word pervert was not what I meant to say and I am very sorry about it . Everyone knows English is my second language and my vocabulary is not as broad as it is in Spanish and , because of this , sometimes I use the wrong words to express myself . What I meant to say was that gay people are more affectionate and intense and for a segment of the TV audience this would be too racy to accept . ... Once again , I 'm sorry for how my words were taken . I would never disrespect anyone . " Sure , compadre . In the end what else is there to do but play the "  I-don ` t-speak-English-so-good " card ? Dear ABC : My English is good . So , as a U.S.-born Latino , let me be clear : This guy does n't represent me , or reflect what I believe or what I 'm about . Having him on your network is n't going to make me any more likely to tune in or buy stuff I do n't need from advertisers . It just makes me embarrassed . By the way , if one of my three kids turns out to be gay , I 'd love them and accept them all the same . On the other hand , if any of them ever goes on this dreadful show of yours , they are out of the will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette says new Latino ` Bachelor ' made anti-gay comments in interview He said that gays more ` pervert . ' Has he watched his own show , Navarrette asks ? Navarrette : For someone from a group discriminated against to discriminate himself is ironic Navarrette : ` Bachelor " s homophobic comments do n't speak for Latinos
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and her producers spent several weeks in New Orleans shadowing the foot soldiers charged with battling the violence and corruption that mars the city and keeps many residents from returning home three years after Hurricane Katrina . She reveals what they found in "  One Crime at a Time " airing Saturday and Sunday , 8 and 11 p.m. ET . Ryan McClure , 23 , loved the outdoors . His mother is waiting for his killer or killers to be brought to justice . NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- "  It 's not a success story , " Rhonda McClure Collins told us . Her face is pale and worn , and she 's clearly working hard to contain her emotions . The 46-year-old was married this summer , following a long courtship , and this should be a joyous time for her . Instead , she is sitting in the shadows of a northwestern Louisiana hotel room , clutching a tissue and talking about the failure of the New Orleans District Attorney 's Office to prosecute the two men who , she believes , murdered her son . Collins told me that her son , Ryan McClure , was a very sociable young man with a big smile and a lot of friends . She said that he loved fishing and hunting and anything else to do with the outdoors . "  He lived on a four-wheeler , and the wetter and muddier it was , the more he liked it , " she said , her face shining with memories of her only child . McClure was 23 when New Orleans police found his body in January , slumped behind a brick wall at a high school that had been abandoned since Hurricane Katrina . For four months , Collins waited . She spoke regularly with New Orleans Homicide Det. Anthony Pardo , who leads the search for her son 's killer , or killers . Detectives often work 24-hour shifts to solve murders " Collins told me that this April , she awoke to her phone ringing . It was Pardo . He apologized for waking her and explained that earlier in the day , he had made an arrest in her son 's case . Pardo had discovered some car wheels that he believed belonged to McClure and that , along with some cell phone records and other evidence he wo n't discuss , led him to apply for a warrant to arrest 20-year-old John Broyard . See photos on the frontlines of New Orleans crime fight " CNN cameras captured Pardo and the officers that very day in April as they rushed toward a car wash on Robert E. Lee Boulevard , where Broyard was cuffed and stuffed into a police car . He was later booked in connection with McClure 's death . "  What 's your confidence level that your case will end in conviction of that guy ? " I asked Pardo while standing outside the car wash . "  I 'm always confident , always confident . You ca n't not be confident . You 've got to believe in what you do , " Pardo said . Three days later , the veteran homicide detective watched with his partner , Det. Harold Wischan , as a heavily armed SWAT team rushed through a high gate and into a worn-down home to arrest 55-year-old Maxie Jones , Broyard 's uncle . "  Everyone thinks the arrest is the end , " Pardo told me . "  Actually it 's the beginning . That 's when you start putting the case together ... and making an airtight case . " It turns out it was the end . Broyard and Jones sat in jail for nearly 120 days , the maximum amount of time that murder suspects can be held before the New Orleans District Attorneys Office must charge or release them . A grand jury reviewed Pardo 's evidence and chose not to indict either man . Why this happened exactly is a mystery . The grand jury deliberations are behind closed doors , and the D.A. 's office wo n't comment on cases they might represent for charges . "  He 's a free man , " Broyard 's attorney , Price Quentin told CNN . The lawyer has n't heard from his client and said , "  He 's under no obligation to contact us . " Jones ' attorneys have n't heard from their client either . Paul Fleming Jr. and Lee Faulkner Jr. told CNN that Jones was n't involved in McClure 's killing . Both attorneys claim he has an alibi for the night of January 5 , the night police believe McClure was murdered outside John F. Kennedy High School . Pardo said he "  absolutely " believes he arrested the right men , and ca n't explain why the grand jury did n't indict them . "  It 's a question I ca n't answer . We present the cases and it goes from there , " Pardo said . According to the district attorney 's figures , four out of every 10 suspects arrested for homicide in New Orleans walk free without ever being charged . Of those cases that do go forward to prosecution , a significant portion are dismissed before ever going to trial . All of this happens in a city with the highest per capita murder rate in the country . "  All hope is not lost , " Pardo said confidently , a few weeks after both Broyard and Jones were freed from the Orleans Parish Jail . Pardo and Wischan said they will continue to push on the McClure case . Hope and resilience is nearly everywhere you look here . We find it inside the temporary district attorney offices on Poydras Street -- the flood-damaged D.A. 's office still has n't been repaired . Assistant D.A.s hoping to repair tattered image " "  I would n't give up being a happy homemaker , which is what I did for the last seven years , if I did n't believe in what I was doing , " said Mary Glass , assistant district attorney . Glass has been prosecuting the city 's highest priority cases since returning to the office in July 2007 , and has won or gotten guilty pleas on every murder case she 's tried . Her partner Tanya Faia believes , "  If you love to prosecute , you want to prosecute for people who care . And people care right now . " Faia believes that 's because people want to be in New Orleans enough to return despite the crime , the slow rebuilding and limited services . We first met Anthony Pardo , Harold Wischan , Mary Glass and Tanya Faia , along with their bosses , Police Chief Warren Riley and Interim District Attorney Keva Landrum Johnson , in April , when we traveled to New Orleans to see how crime and corruption might be slowing the city 's post-Katrina recovery effort . We found that around 30 percent of the population had yet to return , and the residents ' fear of crime and loathing of the city 's long history of corruption , were reasons why many had not moved back . After Katrina hit in August 2005 , thousands of accused felons in New Orleans walked out of jail because the D.A. 's office failed to charge them before their legally mandated release dates . This helped to make many witnesses to crimes in the city extremely hesitant to cooperate with the judicial process . "  For a time , some people felt that there was not justice in the criminal justice system and you know the D.A. 's office was not convicting people but I 'm here to tell you that that day is passed , " Landrum Johnson told us in May . Indeed , when we arrived in the spring , there appeared to be a concentrated effort to focus on the violent crime and corruption that many believe fuel the city 's street crime . The local-boy-turned-U.S. attorney , Jim Letten , assured me that , "  this city is going to survive . But I will tell you right now , though , the struggle for this city 's recovery , its long-term survival as the New Orleans that we know , is being decided every day . " "  Can you win ? " I asked Letten . "  Yes . Yes , " he answered , with no hesitation . Additionally , the city 's new Inspector General Bob Cerasoli , like Letten , passionately believes there is a link between white collar crime and street crime . Cerasoli came to the city from Boston to uncover fraud , corruption and misappropriations . Every day , he runs into roadblocks like missing computers , a lack of supplies and non-working phone lines that keep him from quickly forming his office and doing his job . "  When I wake up in the morning , I like to say that Jesus puts my clothes on , because some mornings I do n't know how I get up , " Cerasoli told me in a thick Boston accent . "  As long as we achieve something , I think there 's hope . " But it 's slow going for everyone , despite the hope . Hope ca n't make people admit to witnessing a crime ; hope ca n't get them to testify in court . Hope ca n't take the guns out of the hands of young , unsupervised , adults . And hope ca n't get Rhonda McClure Collins , and other mothers like her whom we meet during the course of our documentary , the justice she desires . But even Rhonda McClure Collins ca n't let go of all of her hope . We ask her , "  Do you have faith in the New Orleans justice system ? " She told us she does n't , but said , "  I have faith in Detective Pardo . " And that 's something .	CNN 's Soledad O'Brien shadowed New Orleans crime fighters in April 2008 Distraught mother waits for nearly a year for suspects in son 's death to be arrested DA : Four of every 10 arrested for homicide in New Orleans walk free , uncharged Authorities struggle with the corruption fueling the city 's street crime
CNN  -- Investors who say they were duped by a financier involved in a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme can proceed with their lawsuits , after the Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled in their favor . The 7-2 decision is a further legal setback for Texas financier Allen Stanford and his business associates over the sale of about $ 7 billion in certificates of deposit . Allen was sentenced to 110 years in prison in June 2012 for orchestrating the $ 7 billion fraud , one of the largest in U.S. history . At issue was whether the federal Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1998 precluded any class-action lawsuits in state courts , alleging a misrepresentation . Former investors seeking to recover losses are suing insurance brokers , financial services companies and law firms associated with Stanford . The court majority said its opinion will not hamper the federal government 's ability to go after financial fraud in its separate criminal prosecutions . The consolidated cases are Chadborne & Parke LLP v. Troice  12-79  ; Willis of Colorado , Inc. v. Troice  12-86  ; and Proskauer Rose LLP v. Troice  12-88  .	Case involves Texas financier Allen Stanford , convicted in a $ 7 billion Ponzi scheme Insurance brokers , financial services companies , law firms associated with him were sued
Esther Williams , whose success as a competitive swimmer propelled her to stardom on the silver screen in the 1940s and 1950s , died Thursday in California , her spokesman said . Williams , known for films that featured synchronized swimming spectacles , was 91 . She grew up in Southern California and was a U.S. swimming champion in freestyle and the breaststroke by her late teens . But her Olympic dreams ended in 1940 , when the Summer Games were canceled because of World War II . "  That 's one of my sad moments in my life , " Williams told CNN 's Larry King in November 1999 . "  It taught me how to live with a sad moment . " Her fortunes turned around quickly . After an audition , she starred opposite Olympian and film star Johnny Weissmuller in the "  San Francisco Aquacade Review , " a "  Broadway musical in swimsuits , " her online biography reads . MGM then signed her , and she made her movie debut alongside Mickey Rooney in the 1942 film "  Andy Hardy 's Double Life . " "  They did a sequence where I swam with Mickey , underwater kiss , which was my idea , " Williams told King . "  They did n't think you could kiss anybody underwater without drowning . " Williams went on to appear in more than 20 films through the 1950s , including "  Bathing Beauty , " "  Neptune 's Daughter " and "  Million Dollar Mermaid , " taking many roles that featured her as a swimmer . She was a 1966 honoree of the Florida-based International Swimming Hall of Fame . "  Her movie career played a major role in the promotion of swimming , making it attractive to the public , contributing to the growth of the sport as a public recreation for health , exercise , water safety -- and just plain fun , " her biography on the hall of fame website reads . In 1999 , Williams penned "  The Million Dollar Mermaid , " a candid look at her career and life in Hollywood . In several films , Williams played opposite Latin lovers , including Ricardo Montalban and Fernando Lamas , the latter her third husband . Lamas ' son , actor Lorenzo Lamas , paid tribute Thursday to his stepmother on Twitter : "  The best swim teacher and soul mom RIP . " Williams and her fourth husband operated a swimwear company in recent years . Then in her late 70s , Williams told King in 1999 she still swam daily . "  It is the best part of my day . I see what it does for women , " Williams said . "  I think I 've invented the aerobics that you see at these retirement homes . " Williams will always be remembered for the Technicolor films and the fashionable swimsuits she wore . Should a swimsuit maybe you look better than you are ? King asked Williams "  It should make you certainly look as good as you are , " she replied . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Actress-swimmer Esther Williams passes away at 91 A natural talent , she soon turned to movies Many of her films were colorful MGM spectacles
CNN  In fairy tales , it 's usually the princess that needs protecting . At Google 's headquarters in Silicon Valley , the princess is the one defending the castle . Meet Parisa Tabriz , the 31-year-old with perhaps the most enchanted job title in engineering -- "  Google Security Princess . " Her job is to hack into the most popular web browser on the planet , trying to find flaws in the system before the "  black hats " do . Indeed , much like the good and bad witches of the Wizard of Oz , hackers are described as having "  white " or "  black " hats . To defeat Google 's attackers , Tabriz must firstly think like them . In this cyberspace battle , the data of around a billion Chrome users hangs in the balance -- and Tabriz was n't going to settle for any old moniker . "  When I started , my official job title was ` Information Security Engineer , ' which I thought was a bit boring and not really meaningful , " said the Iranian-Polish-American , speaking a million miles an hour over the phone from Google HQ . "  So I changed it to ` Security Princess ' as more of a tongue-in-cheek thing . I 've never been exceptionally girly or fit the stereotype of a princess , so it was a bit ironic for me to go by that name -- and then it stuck ! " Tabriz 's role has evolved dramatically in the eight years since she first started working at Google . Back then , the young graduate from Illinois University was one of 50 security engineers -- today there are over 500 . "  Our users include presidents of foreign countries -- I hope Obama uses Chrome too . It includes really highly-targeted individuals , political dissidents , journalists , and people who just want to casually use the internet , " she said . "  Google depends on those users trusting us with their data . So if we ca n't protect it , we have no business . " Cybercrime has come a long way in the past decade -- from the cliched Nigerian Prince Scam to credit card theft , and suspected government surveillance over emails . Tabriz 's biggest concern now is the people who find bugs in Google 's software , and sell the information to governments or criminals . To combat this , the company has set up a Vulnerability Rewards Program , paying anywhere from $ 100 to $ 20,000 for reported glitches . "  What we 've seen in the last couple of years is what we suspect to be governments trying to intercept communications , " said Tabriz . "  In one case , there were Iranian-region Gmail users whose connection was being intercepted . " "  These incidents are especially scary since they seem to be carried out by large , well-funded organizations or governments , " she added . It 's a world away from Tabriz 's computer-free childhhod home in Chicago . The daughter of an Iranian-American doctor father , and Polish-American nurse mother , Tabriz had little contact with computers until she started studying engineering at college . Gaze across a line-up of Google security staff today and you 'll find women like Tabriz are few and far between -- though in the last few years she has hired more female tech whizzes . She admits there 's an obvious gender imbalance in Silicon Valley , but for once is stumped on the fault . "  Clearly the numbers make you think ` what is the problem that there are n't more women working in security , that there are n't more women working in technology ? " she said . "  And it does make me think what is the problem here ? Is it the culture or the atmosphere ? " Funnily enough , during training sessions Tabriz first asks new recruits to hack not a computer , but a vending machine . "  There 's this idea that you need to be a super genius computer geek to be a hacker . But in reality , I think anybody can be a hacker in the real world -- just think of all the non-software examples , " said Tabriz . "  A lot of people ask me what 's the best answer I 've been given to the vending machine problem , and the real answer is there is none . Some people think about how they 'd steal their favorite snack ; some people figure out how to steal the entire machine of snacks ; and some people figure out how they could add some sort of functionality to the machine that was n't there before " Tabriz 's job is as much about technological know-how , as understanding the psychology of attackers . "  Anybody who 's working in defense -- police officers , security , or law enforcement -- has to stop and think ` what is the enemy or the attacker going to do ? ' " she said . "  Because you always want to stay one step ahead of them . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : The world 's largest machine gets ready to restart You will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' The end of electronics as we know it ?	Parisa Tabriz is the 31-year-old computer whizz paid to hack into Google The self-styled ` Security Princess ' finds bugs in the software before attackers
CNN  -- Japan is grappling with its worst economic crisis since the end of World War II , the nation 's economic and fiscal policy minister said Monday . A businessman walks past a homeless man taking a nap at a Tokyo park . The comments from Kaoru Yosano followed news of Japan 's gross domestic product falling 12.7 percent in the fourth quarter in 2008 . "  This is the worst economic crisis in the post-war era , " Yosano said at a press conference , according to Japan 's Kyodo news agency . The global economic crisis has pummeled Japan , which depends largely on its auto and electronics exports . The slump in exports has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across Japan . "  Behind -LSB- the contraction in GDP for -RSB- the October-December quarter is a terrific downturn in exports , " he said , according to Kyodo . "  Like other major countries , our country can not avoid the pains of structural change , " Yosano said . To stimulate the economy , the Japanese parliament needs to act quickly on key budget measures , he said , referring to bills related to a second supplementary budget for fiscal 2008 and early passage of the state budget for fiscal 2009 . Asked about Japan possibly producing a new economic stimulus plan in the short term , Yosano said wide-ranging discussions would be needed first . "  After seeing this level -LSB- of GDP -RSB- , it is our duty to think of various policy options , " he added .	Economic and fiscal policy minister says worst economic crisis since end of WWII Japan 's gross domestic product fell 12.7 percent in the fourth quarter in 2008 A slump in exports has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across Japan
CNN  -- University of North Carolina whistle-blower Mary Willingham did not just review numbers on a spreadsheet , she emphasized to CNN , but worked with the "  overwhelming majority " of the athletes she analyzed in a study about literacy -- one that was summarily dismissed by university officials the same day . Her findings , that 8 % of a sample of UNC students playing the money-making college sports of football and basketball were reading below a 3rd grade level , were met with scathing criticism by the university during a faculty council meeting Friday afternoon . In the meeting , Provost James Dean said the university 's initial analysis of Willingham 's research determined that she made a "  range of serious mistakes " in how she arrived at the reading levels of the athletes she assessed . Dean said Willingham used the wrong measurement , and relied on data that is n't supposed to be used to determine the grade level of reading comprehension . A second independent analysis of her research will be sought , Dean said . "  Our judgment at this point is that claims made based on this data set are nearly meaningless and grossly unfair to our students . " The university has not explained why it did not do this analysis , or take the time to review her claims , prior to a CNN report on the literacy of college athletes . CNN had asked for comment on Willingham 's study as early as September . Willingham said after the meeting : "  My data is 100 % correct . In addition , I worked with the overwhelming majority of the students in the data set on reading and writing skills between 2004 and 2010 . " Willingham 's study was part of a report by CNN on UNC -- and dozens of other public universities -- and whether student-athletes in revenue sports are able to keep up with their peers academically . After meeting with university officials in the wake of the CNN story , Willingham got a letter informing her that her approval to research using university records was being pulled because she broke a rule related to having the identities of the athletes she was studying . She immediately said she would reapply to continue her research . "  It 's interesting that my  permission to do research  was pulled and I was told that I could not talk about it until it was resolved . Meanwhile the provost is allowed to discuss the findings , " Willingham said , talking about the rescinding of her permission to continue research . "  That is what is truly erroneous about all of this -- and at a research university -- wow . At UNC , we protect our brand at all costs . " "  The gap in academic preparedness between profit-sport athletes and students at NCAA  Division 1  institutions perpetuates educational inequality , " Willingham said . "  Until we acknowledge the problem , and fix it , many of our athletes , specifically men 's basketball and football players , are getting nothing in exchange for their special talents . " Willingham is one of just two people in the country CNN found who have researched the reading levels of student-athletes in the revenue-generating sports of football and basketball . In talking to CNN , she also shared several compelling stories about working with unnamed student-athletes who could not write , could not sound out multisyllabic words and who could not have read a paragraph when they started school at UNC . CNN also sought data from 37 other public universities . It asked for entrance exam scores of athletes on the SAT and ACT , because the kind of research that Willingham did is simply not available from other institutions . Since September , UNC has been aware of CNN 's reporting and was asked to comment several times including on Willingham 's research . The university said it could not comment on her findings or methodology . Not until after the story aired did the university release any data . On Thursday , it released an analysis of entrance exam scores that included all student-athletes -- not just the profit sport players . Based on that analysis , UNC said Willingham was wrong about the percentage of athletes who were not academically prepared for the rigors of college classes . Included in the UNC analysis was a disclosure that 34 football or basketball players since 2004 scored below a 400 on the SAT verbal test , or below a 16 on the ACT reading and English test . At those levels , experts have told CNN a student would not be able to read a college text book . UNC , again , disputes that expert opinion , and says all but four of those athletes are in , left in or graduated in good academic standing . It 's not the first time UNC has faced questions about the quality of its academics for athletes . Two years ago , a scandal was unearthed where students , many of them athletes , were given grades for classes they did n't attend , and where they did nothing more than turn in a single paper . The local newspaper , The News & Observer , did extensive reporting on that no-show class scandal and , based on public records and interviews , uncovered how counselors with the athletes ' tutoring program used the fake classes to help keep academically challenged athletes eligible to play sports . Willingham , who has been vocal in her criticism since that scandal was uncovered , informed the university of her latest research as far back as August .	UNC claims Mary Willingham made "  serious mistakes " Willingham was shocked by the number of UNC athletes who struggled to read She stands by her data University releases own data
CNN  -- The Miami Heat 's "  Big Three " rode to the rescue as the 2012 NBA champions leveled the 2013 series at 2-2 with a 109-93 away win against the San Antonio Spurs in Game Four . LeBron James , Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh scored 85 of Miami 's points , having struggled to impose themselves on the three previous games . "  It was on our shoulders , " James told reporters after finishing with 33 points and 11 rebounds , the first time he has passed the 20-point mark in this year 's finals . "  We had to figure out how to win the game for us and play at the highest level . When all three of us are clicking we 're very tough to beat . " Wade scored 32 points with Bosh scoring 20 and 11 rebounds , while the Spurs conceded 19 turnovers which led to 23 points . "  When Bosh , Wade and James score the way they did tonight and shoot it the way they did tonight , a team is going to have a difficult time if you help them like we did , " said Spurs coach Gregg Popovich . "  When those guys are playing like that , you better be playing a perfect game . " San Antonio 's star man Tony Parker recovered from a hamstring injury to play on Thursday , finishing the game with 15 points and nine assists . It was a far cry from the dominant Spurs display during Tuesday 's 113-77 win in Game Three . "  They play very aggressive defense , " said the Frenchman . "  They gamble and they take a lot of chances , and tonight it worked . " Wade bettered his previous high score in this postseason by 11 points . "  It was all about myself , Chris and LeBron coming out and leading this team to a victory , " he said . "  The thing we talked about is we all have to make an impact in this game , somehow , some way . " Sunday 's Game Five will be the last at San Antonio 's AT & T Center , with the series returning to Miami for Game Six on Tuesday .	Miami Heat win Game Four of the 2013 NBA Finals in San Antonio on Thursday LeBron James , Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh star in 109-93 home win over Spurs Tony Parker plays for San Antonio despite injuring his hamstring in Game Three The best-of-seven game series is level at 2-2 ahead of Sunday 's clash at AT & T Center
CNN  -- Senate Democrats and the White House failed to find 60 votes to end debate on a $ 14 billion auto bailout bill and bring it to a vote Thursday night , killing the measure for the year . Sen. Tom Coburn , center , and other Republican senators raised objections to the auto bailout plan Wednesday . The 52-35 vote followed the collapse of negotiations between Senate Democrats and Republicans seeking a compromise . "  We have worked and worked and we can spend all night tonight , tomorrow , Saturday , and Sunday , and we 're not going to get to the finish line , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor before the vote . "  That 's just the way it is . There 's too much difference between the two sides . " Reid acknowledged the bill would not survive the procedural vote . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said the sticking point was the United Auto Workers ' refusal to set a "  date certain " to put employees at U.S. auto manufacturers at "  parity pay " with U.S. employees at foreign automakers in the United States . Currently , analysts estimate the union workers at U.S. automakers make about $ 3 to $ 4 per hour more than the non-union U.S. employees of foreign automakers like Toyota and Honda , according to the Center for Automotive Research . Watch the market ramifications of the bailout failure " The House easily passed the bailout bill earlier this week , but it quickly ran into trouble in the Senate , where Republicans objected to several provisions . Negotiations Thursday involved a compromise proposal put forward by Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , but the senators could not reach agreement . The collapse of negotiations could possibly doom General Motors to a bankruptcy and closure in the coming weeks , with Chrysler potentially following close behind . While Ford Motor has more cash on hand to avoid an immediate crisis , its production could be disrupted by problems in the supplier base , as could the production of overseas automakers with U.S. plants such as Toyota Motor and Honda Motor . Watch how the automakers crisis has a ripple effect on Asia " The struggling automakers may get some money anyway . As part of their effort to urge skeptical Republicans to back the deal , Bush officials made clear that if Congress did n't act , the White House would have to step in to save Detroit from collapse with funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , according to the sources familiar with the conversations . One of the sources said that a White House official made it clear to a GOP senator that would be the worst option , because the loan could go to the auto companies with few or no requirements along with it . The sources asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of private conversations . Democrats pressed the White House from the start to help Detroit by using some of the $ 700 billion for the financial sector , but the White House and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson refused . "  I would only hope that the president , who has worked so well with us for the past several weeks , would now consider using the TARP money , " Reid said after Thursday night 's vote . CNN 's Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report	NEW : Bailout bill killed for year , but automakers still might get money Sources : Bush officials said if no compromise , Wall Street bailout will be used Bill killed after compromise talks between Republicans , Democrats collapse "  There 's too much difference between the two sides , " Sen. Harry Reid says
In Syria 's cyberwar , the regime 's supporters have deployed a new weapon against opposition activists -- computer viruses that spy on them , according to an IT specialist from a Syrian opposition group and a former international aid worker whose computer was infected . A U.S.-based antivirus software maker , which analyzed one of the viruses at CNN 's request , said that it was recently written for a specific cyberespionage campaign and that it passes information it robs from computers to a server at a government-owned telecommunications company in Syria . Supporters of dictator Bashar al-Assad first steal the identities of opposition activists , then impersonate them in online chats , said software engineer Dlshad Othman . They gain the trust of other users , pass out Trojan horse viruses and encourage people to open them . Once on the victim 's computer , the malware sends information out to third parties . Inside Syria : Hope , supplies run low in bunker Othman is an IT security "  go-to-guy " for opposition activists . He resides outside of Syria for his own safety . Since December , he has heard from dozens of opposition members who say their computers were infected . Two of them recently passed actual viruses to Othman and a colleague with whom he works . They checked them out . "  We have two malwares -- first one is really complex , " Othman said via Skype chat . "  It can hide itself more . " The U.S. analysis of one of the viruses -- the simpler one -- would appear to corroborate the time of its launch around the start of the year . The virus has two parts , said Vikram Thakur , principal security response manager at Symantec Corporation , known to consumers for its Norton antivirus software . He said one of them points to December 6 and the other to January 16 . Thakur has dubbed the simpler virus "  backdoor.breut . " It was the more complex virus that the former aid worker unwittingly downloaded during a chat . Since she travels to Syria , she has requested that CNN not name her for security reasons and instead refer to her as "  Susan . " In one Syrian town , full-throated cries of defiance To get a picture of the humanitarian needs on the ground in Syria , "  Susan " contacted opposition members via the Internet . In January , she received a call via Skype from someone she believed was a regime opponent . It was an imposter and a regime supporter , she claims . "  They called me actually and pretended that it 's him -- this activist that I did n't know , because I 'd been talking to him only two times and only in writing . " Days later , other opposition members told Susan and Othman that the activist she thought she had spoken with was in detention . Activists accuse government forces of coercing him to reveal his user name and identity and of then going online to impersonate him . Othman says additional activists , who say they were detained and released , tell of being forced to turn over their passwords to Syrian authorities . CNN can not independently confirm the accusations , because the Syrian government strictly limits international media coverage within its borders . Calls for Syrian government comment to a spokeswoman for al-Assad on Friday were not answered or did not go through . Friday is the weekly special day of prayer in the Muslim world . The man chatting with Susan via Skype passed her a file . She recalled what he said to her to coax her to open it : "  This makes sure that when you 're talking to me , it 's really me talking to you and not somebody else . " New York Times reporter dies in Syria She clicked on the file . "  It actually did n't do anything , " she said in a baffled tone . "  I did n't notice any change at all . " No graphics launched ; no pop-up opened to announce to the user that the virus was being downloaded . The link appeared to be dead or defected , said Othman . The second virus , backdoor.breut , which was e-mailed to him by an activist inside Syria for analysis , launched the same way . "  Download , open , then nothing , " Othman said . It contains a fake Facebook logo and was passed off in a chat room as a Facebook security update , he said . At CNN 's request , Othman forwarded that virus to an IT security expert in California for an independent analysis . Othman removed the more complex malware on Susan 's computer but made an image of the infected hard drive beforehand . At more than 250 GB , it would have to be sent on an external hard drive by regular post -- snail mail -- for any independent scrutiny . The U.S. expert confirmed the invisible nature of the backdoor.breut Trojan horse download . Thousand stage public protests on Friday "  Nothing would actually show up , " said Thakur . "  The only thing that the Trojan actually does -- it copies itself into one of the temporary locations , but that would not be visible to the regular user . " The malware launches when the user reboots the computer . The Syrian cyberactivist and the California IT security manager pointed out that the lack of fanfare during download helps to conceal the viruses from their victims . "  Most of them will say ` it 's a damaged file , ' and they will forget about it , " Othman said . Susan did just that . She was not aware she had been hacked until she lost her Facebook and e-mail accounts a few days after clicking on the file . "  I did n't click on any kind of new link or something , so they must have known about the password , " she said , referring to the loss of her Facebook account . She handed over her laptop to Othman and his colleague , who told her that the Trojan horse had logged her key strokes , taken screen shots , rummaged through her folders . It hid the IP address it sent its information to , Othman said . Othman found a screen shot the Trojan horse took of Susan 's online banking home page . He told her to change all her passwords , Susan said . "  You do n't want your money to be stolen by some of the Syrian security guys , " she quipped . The other virus -- backdoor.breut -- sends the information it pillages from infected computers to the IP address : 216.6.0.28 and does not hide this . "  We checked the IP address that our engineer referenced and can confirm that it belongs to the STE  Syrian Telecommunications Establishment  , " a Symantec representative wrote to CNN . The STE is the government telecommunications company . This does not necessarily mean that someone at STE is doing the hacking , Thakur stresses . "  Whether it 's a home user behind that or it 's actually a company or an organization , which has been allocated that IP address , we just have no insight from where we sit . " But the Syrian government has access to all activity through that server "  absolutely without any doubt , " Thakur said . Anyone not wanting the government to see what they are up to would not use that server . Skilled Syrian opposition activists avoid government telecom servers when online . The simple virus , backdoor.breut , acts like a bull in a china shop , Symantec 's Thakur said . "  It did not look like it was written by any sophisticated hacker , " he said after examining it . "  It was just kind of put together -- slapstick functionality . " Simple malware is readily available for download on underground forums in the Internet . Hackers can repurpose it and hand it out . Othman believed the second software to be such an off-the-shelf product because of its amateurish construction , but the California expert disagrees . "  It 's not something that somebody just went out there , copied code from an Internet website and just pasted it in . It was definitely coded for its current purpose . " The name "  backdoor.breut " derives from the virus ' behavior . "  We sort of took the word ` brute ' just because of what it was actually doing and kind of changed a couple of characters to b-r-e-u-t , " Thakur said . "  Brute -- meaning that it is using brute force -- it 's just going in smash-and-grab -- I 'm going to try to get anything that I can and get the hell out of there . " Backdoor.breut attempts to give the hacker remote control of the victim 's computer , according to the analysis . It steals passwords and system information , downloads new programs , guides internal processes , logs keystrokes and takes shots with the webcam . It also turns off antivirus notification , but that does not completely conceal it from detection . "  Some of the good software can detect it in the same day , " Thakur said . The nature of its use may make backdoor.breut and other new Syrian malware hard to defend against . Antivirus makers need to know the virus to be able to assign it a signature and make the file detectible to block the download , according to Thakur . The more widely a new virus spreads around the world , the more likely it is to land on an antivirus maker 's radar . The smaller the region the virus is located in , the less likely virus vigilantes are to notice and combat it . "  Looking at this Trojan and the telemetry that we 've gathered the last five or six days since we did the analysis , this is not targeting people across the complete globe . So , it could be days before some antiviruses actually create signatures for the file , " Thakur said . More complex antivirus software can detect malware that does not yet have a signature , because of how it behaves after infecting the computer , Thakur said . If the antivirus does not have this ` behavior ' component , it may not defend against a new virus "  for a substantial amount of time . " On a Facebook page named "  Cyber Arabs , " Othman warns activists of the danger of downloading the virus and reminds users to keep their antivirus software updated . Download.com , CNET 's software download website , offers antivirus software , some of which includes a "  behavior " component and is free of charge . But that is still no guarantee for not contracting a new Syrian cyberbug , "  Susan " reminds . "  It was up-to-date , " she said . "  The problem is that they sent me a ... file , and I was totally stupid -- like , it 's an EXE file -- and I opened it . "	U.S. antivirus experts say a virus is sending information to a server in Syria Activists : Regime supporters are stealing oppositionists ' online identities ' Imposters use stolen identities to pass the viruses to activists , opposition claims Antivirus software may not yet optimally protect against the new viruses
CNN  -- What 's better than hanging out in Hawaii and enjoying a warm heater on the beach ? Apparently , hanging out in Hawaii and not enjoying a warm heater on the beach -- yours or anyone else 's . Honolulu mayor Kirk Caldwell has signed into law two bills that ban smoking in public places across Oahu , including beaches , parks , tennis courts , softball fields and public pools . Municipal golf courses are excepted from the ban . The laws will take effect on January 1 , 2014 . Unanimously approved by the Honolulu City Council , the new laws expand existing regulations banning smoking in public places . It 's already against the law on Oahu to smoke within 20 feet of entrances to stores , restaurants , bars and other workplaces . Smoking has been illegal at the island 's popular Hanauma Bay Nature Preserve snorkeling site since 1993 . According to CNN affiliate KHON , the ban is part of a statewide effort to reduce cigarette-butt litter and address public health concerns about secondhand smoke . The law goes so far as banning smoking in the ocean in areas fronting public lands . "  If someone wants to walk out into the water and wants to smoke a cigarette here it will be enforced and they will be told to stop , " Mayor Caldwell told KHON . First time offenders would face fines of $ 100 . Fines for additional offenses escalate up to $ 500 . E-cigarettes are n't covered by the ban and can still be used on Oahu beaches . According to the National Center for Biotechnology Information , between 1993 and 2011 , smoking bans were imposed on 843 parks and 150 beaches around the United States . Smoke-free laws are saving lives	New laws on Oahu ban smoking from beaches , parks , tennis courts , softball fields Municipal golf courses are excepted from the ban Laws take effect January 1 , 2014
NEW YORK  CNN  -- This classic chant of "  Extra ! Extra ! Read all about it ! " -- barked out by battalions of newsboys hawking newspapers -- died decades ago , a casualty of home delivery , mass distribution and the advent of coin-operated newspaper machines . Some coin-operated newspaper machines have lasted for 30 years , but lack of sales may force their retirement . But now as newspapers across the country wage a battle to survive in a market where readers are increasingly gravitating to the Internet for information , the fate of another industry fixture seems inevitable . Could those steel machines on street corners , distributing newspapers since the '50s , be headed for the scrap pile ? To begin to answer the question , all it takes is an early morning visit with a man who feeds those machines . It 's 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday , and a white delivery truck for the New Jersey Record has just pulled into the parking lot outside the Plaza Diner in Fort Lee , New Jersey . The driver -- Mike , who asked that his last name not be used -- is at one of his 130 stops on an eight-hour shift that began at midnight . Mike 's job , which takes less than a couple of minutes per stop , entails filling the coin-operated machine with the day 's papers , collecting unsold copies and emptying the machine of its coins . Even though Mike has a full schedule and lots of stops , it does n't equate to pushing as many papers as he once did . Mike loads 15 copies of the Record into one machine -- and that 's a good load , he says . Other locations receive only five to seven copies . He 's also tasked with filling machines for USA Today . Though he 's been on this job for only two years , Mike has been on the route long enough to know business is down . He says newspapers sell better at train stations than from the street machines he services . The demise of newspapers across the country is getting a lot of front-page headlines . The Seattle Post-Intelligencer in Washington was just one of the most recent victims , ceasing print publication in March as declining circulation and plummeting advertising sales forced it to retrench and become just an online provider of journalism . Even the legendary New York Times will force readers to dig deeper for more coins as it raises prices June 1 , with the price of a paper going from $ 1.50 to $ 2 . The publication that touts "  All The News That 's Fit to Print " has been relying less on newspaper racks . In 1999 , the Times had 13,300 vending machines , but today that number has shrunk to 5,678 , according to Diane McNulty , spokeswoman for the Times . "  One of the factors is home delivery , " McNulty said , adding , "  This was due to our national expansion -- where once many readers could only get copies from the newsstand or vending machine , they can now enjoy home delivery service . " But all the gloom-and-doom predictions that newspapers will one day disappear is n't scaring workers at the Kaspar Sho-Rack Company , based in Shiner , Texas . The company lays claim to being the world 's largest manufacturer of coin-operated and no-charge newspaper vending machines . Don Kaspar is president and a fourth-generation member of a family business that began in 1898 manufacturing wire products . "  There 'll be printed newspapers for years and years " said Kaspar , president of a company that is actually part of the larger Kaspar Wireworks . Still , he concedes , "  Business is down about 25 to 30 percent from about five years ago . " It was n't until the late 1950s that the privately owned company was approached by the now defunct San Antonio Light newspaper to develop an early version of coin-operated newspaper machines . The early versions of newspaper machines were simple and made mostly of wire , but by the mid-1960s they were all made of metal . The machines typically consist of a thick metal housing , shelves , doors and hinges . But the heart of any machine is the coin mechanism , which can have 150 moving parts , according to the manufacturer . Some advanced models introduced in 1999 feature lithium batteries to run the coin-collecting mechanism . Often weighing around 100 pounds , these hand-assembled machines cost on average $ 450 each , with refurbished models selling for around $ 300 , the company says . The zenith of the company 's business may have been the 1980s , when the introduction of USA Today landed it a contract to build and deliver 100,000 coin-operated machines . Today only 65,000 machines populate the nation 's sidewalks , according to a USA Today spokesperson . In 1985 , Sho-Rack sold its 1 millionth newspaper machine and it has sold several hundred thousand since . Its biggest clients have been the giants of newspaper publishing , including Gannett , Tribune , Newhouse and the McClatchy newspaper groups . But the fate of those publishers directly affects the bottom line at Sho-Rack . "  Business now ? It 's certainly slowed down , " said Kaspar . "  Free publication racks ... we 've stayed fairly busy with those . Coin - operated machines ? Newspapers are cutting costs and pulling a lot of the racks from outlying areas . As a result this causes a surplus number of racks and then ultimately less of a need for new racks from us . " Though the coin-operated machine business makes up 25 percent of the parent company 's overall business , Sho-Rack has learned to diversify and adapt . "  We 're not dependent on any one industry , " Kaspar said . The company , which employs nearly 500 workers and occupies more than 500,000 square feet in a small rural town , also manufactures thousands of wire , tubing and sheet metal products . The average life span of a coin-operated newspaper machine depends on several factors . Some machines , even with modest refurbishments every couple of years , have lasted for 30 years . For others it can be five minutes after an encounter with a snowplow . For the Kaspar Sho-Rack Company , as long as newspapers are printed and sold , its machines will gladly continue to accept coins .	Fewer customers buy from coin-operated newspaper machines Delivery man says newspapers sell better from train stations than street machines Texas company that makes the machines says business is down "  There 'll be printed newspapers for years and years , " firm 's president says
CNN -- Michael Chea ca n't forget what they did to him . Though he is standing in the morning sunlight , surrounded by giggling teenagers and chirping birds , his face is twisted by grief . American John Etherton talks to a Liberian about his country 's violent past . He is reliving the moment when he escaped death in the "  land of blood and tears . " "  In 1990 , I was a very small , and I saw so many things , " he said . "  The war took us away in the forest , and we started running . They killed my grandmother . They killed my grandfather . They killed my auntie . " Chea could have easily become just another anonymous victim of war in Liberia . At least 200,000 Liberians were killed in a series of conflicts between 1989 and 2003 that transformed the tiny nation on the west coast of Africa into a wasteland . But Chea found a way to preserve his pain . His story was captured on film by a skinny 27-year-old American college student who is using an interactive video system mounted on a SUV to show others how nations emerging from war can come to terms with their violent past . ` It really feels like the Wild West ' John Etherton , a graduate of Georgia Tech in Atlanta , Georgia , is a "  post-war correspondent . " He is part of a school program called GTV , or Greater Truth through Voices , that dispatches people through Liberia to record the experiences of war victims like Chea . The Georgia Tech program is n't just concerned with the past ; it 's preparing Liberians for the future . The collected stories will be sent to Liberia 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , a group formed to rebuild trust among Liberians by identifying war crimes and encouraging victims to come forward . The commission is holding its final hearing this month and is expected to release its final report soon . Liberia is trying to move away from its violent past . It elected Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf , Africa 's first female head of state , as president in 2006 . And the country 's former notorious warlord , Charles Taylor , is being tried for war crimes . But Etherton says the country still feels on edge . Streetlights have bullet holes in them , roads are n't paved or free from bandits , and there 's no electricity in many cities . "  It really feels like the Wild West , " Etherton said . "  It 's an eerie , surreal feeling to know that this was a war zone five years ago , and people were dying here . " Now Liberians are trying to learn how to live again . Part of that journey begins with listening to one another 's stories . That is part of the rationale behind Liberia 's commission : A nation that can confront its violent past will have a better shot at a stable future . "  It 's necessary for people to talk and share their stories and engage in debate , " Mike Best said . The Georgia Tech professor says GTV uses a cartoon character who looks and speaks like a typical Liberian to show war survivors how they can record their stories on the mobile video system . "  Ultimately , some transformative truths will allow people to see themselves in a new way . " ` Land of blood and tears ' Getting at those truths , though , may require Liberians to sift through some gruesome memories . During its civil wars , various warlords fought for control of the country . The war 's savagery turned surreal at times . It spawned thousands of child soldiers clutching AK-47 assault rifles . It featured soldiers charging into battle wearing blond wigs and amulets that they thought would protect them from bullets . And it was propelled by men like Gen. Butt Naked , a warlord who fought in the nude because he thought it would terrorize his enemies . According to Amnesty International , war crimes became routine . Various armed factions engaged in the arbitrary killings of civilians , systematic rape , forced amputations and the abduction of children . Marguerite Michaels , a journalist who took a tour of the country near the end of its last civil war , said in a Time magazine essay that the psychological damage to Liberia 's war-weary citizens "  can not be fathomed . " She spoke of the country 's white beaches , marred by corpses sticking out the sand . She called Liberia the "  land of blood and tears . " Etherton soon learned that that the war did n't just leave its mark on Liberia 's physical landscape . It left its mark on its people . At times , he would share a joke with an easy-going Liberian and learn later that his entire immediate family had been murdered . "  So many people have lost someone , " he said . "  No one is unscathed . " Yet getting Liberians to share these stories is n't easy , he says . Many wanted to know whether Etherton was going to provide them with a job when he arrived with his camera . They were n't eager to dredge up painful memories . "  They 're coming out survival mode , " he said . "  They have n't had the luxury of sitting back and discussing the war . Their attitude is more like , what do we have to do right now to not die . " The tangled U.S.-Liberian relationship Violent divisions have been part of Liberia 's history . The country was founded in 1847 by freed slaves traveling from America . During the 19th century , various groups thought the best solution to slavery was returning freed slaves to Africa where they could create colonies . But when freed slaves arrived in Liberia , many recreated the slave-master relationships they experienced in America , historians say . They created a caste system where they were the masters and systematically discriminated against -- and some say enslaved -- the indigenous people of Liberia . Tribal divisions persist in Liberia today , Etherton says . He says he saw evidence of these divisions when President Obama was elected in November . Many Liberians rejoiced but were puzzled when Obama 's opponent , Republican Sen. John McCain , appeared on television to graciously concede the election . "  A lot of people thought that was amazing , " he said . "  They said that would never happen in Africa . No one would ever gracefully bow out . " Perhaps the stories collected by Liberia 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission will help teach Liberians how to move forward . It did seem to help Chea , the war survivor , when he shared his story with Etherton . When he speaks about his war experiences , Chea is at first so angry at losing his family that he can barely put his thoughts into words . The muscular young man waves his hands in frustration as he tries to explain what happened to him . Chea says he wishes he had a different childhood , where he did n't have hide for survival in the forest while soldiers hunted down his family . "  In the forest , nothing good I learn , " he yelled . Then Chea begins to talk about the needs of his country and its war survivors . His voice calms as Etherton keeps the camera rolling . Once , Chea may have been a frightened boy who was hunted by strangers . At least on this day , however , a stranger was treating him like a human being . "  Just to express yourself to someone who cares and to know that your voice is important is very empowering , " Etherton said later . "  If nothing else , just knowing that someone cares is important . "	Liberia is emerging from 14-year war that turned country into wasteland New effort to collect stories from war survivors is under way Liberia is still reeling from horrors of war American in Liberia : ` It 's really feels like the Wild West '
CNN  -- For many , typing has long overtaken handwriting as their primary word and sentence creation method . So much so that some schools no longer teach cursive . But now , Google is bringing some good old fashioned handwriting back to modern communication , adding new handwriting input tools to Gmail and Google Docs . Those tools now allow you to write out what you want to say with a mousepad or cursor and Google will do its best to create a typed version of your words . The input box will show the most likely matches for your word , so below your handwritten "  cats " it might display this list of possible words : cats , rats , Cats , oats , and carts . Click on the right one and keep on writing . The tool might have a harder time deciphering your fancy calligraphy or messy chicken scratches , but it seems to do a decent job with my sloppy cursive-ish writing . While English is an option , it 's more for complicated alphabets where drawing out a character is sometimes easier than typing it , like Japanese or Hindi . "  Handwriting input makes the internet easier to use by people worldwide and is also part of a larger effort to break the barrier between languages , " said Google 's Xiangye Xia in a blog post announcing the feature . Gmail users can get the new tool in more than 50 languages , Google Docs users in more than 20 . To test it out , go to your Gmail or Docs settings and , under the Languages setting in the General tab , click "  Show all language options . " Select the box that says "  Enable input tools " and you 'll get a list of every type of keyboard Google has to offer . The languages with a pencil icon beside them are the ones that support written words . Once you 've added an input option , you can select it anytime from a drop down on top of the menu bar above the document or email you 're writing . Google already has handwriting support for its mobile translation apps so you can scrawl a word on the screen and see it instantly in another language . This is particularly helpful if you 're not familiar with a local alphabet and want to know what something says .	Google has added a tool that reads your handwriting and turns it into text The new input option is available on Gmail and Google Docs It 's aimed at languages where drawing a character might be easier than typing it on a keyboard
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- "  The Last Beekeeper " will change the way you see honeybees . A scene from "  The Last Beekeeper , " premiering this weekend on the Planet Green cable channel . You may find yourself rescuing a tiny bee you see struggling in a puddle of water . Instead of fearing its sting , you may think about the role honeybees play in putting food on your table . The documentary , which premieres Saturday on the cable channel Planet Green , explores the "  intimate relationship " between humans and bees through the eyes of three struggling American beekeepers . "  You suddenly realize that even though they look like insects , when you really look at them they take on these personalities , " said producer Fenton Bailey . Apiarists -- the professional title for bee scientists -- estimate that one out of every three bites of food you eat is directly or indirectly pollinated by honeybees . Alarming headlines two years ago about the mysterious disappearance of honeybees prompted filmmakers to follow beekeepers from South Carolina , Montana , and Washington as they traveled with their colonies to pollinate California 's massive almond crop . Director Jeremy Simmons said they wanted to show "  more than what was in the paper " about the mystery . "  There is a really powerful connection between a human being and a bee because we 've tended bees for thousand of years , " Bailey said . "  It 's such an old tradition and bees are incredibly sophisticated , evolved creatures . " The cameras rolled as these beekeepers faced "  colony collapse disorder , " a still unexplained phenomenon which scientists estimate has wiped out almost a third of the domestic honeybee hives in the United States . Nomadic beekeepers truck their bee colonies across the country , following the pollination seasons for almonds , apples , cotton and other crops dependent on their insects . Nicole Ulibarri , who inherited her father 's Montana beekeeping business last year , said it 's a roller coaster ride for both the bees and the beekeepers . "  You can have a high this month and all of the sudden you can run into something , and the bees start starving to death , " Ulibarri said . Bees are loaded on trucks in January for a cross-country ride to California to pollinate almonds for a few weeks . Their next stop may be Washington state apple orchards for the spring pollination . The changes interrupt their natural rhythms , Ulibarri said . "  It 's like putting you on a strict diet and that 's all I feed you for the next month , " she said . "  And I pick you up and I shake your house and I take you down the road , which is pretty stressful , and then I move you to a new location , and , guess what , for the next six weeks , now , I 've changed your temperature and now I 'm only going to give you watermelon . You get sick . " The travel also exposes the bees to a variety of pesticides , adding to their stress , she said . And mites , believed to have been brought in by bees that were imported to replace lost hives , are also a problem , she said . The film does not offer an answer to what 's killing the honeybees . But Ulibarri said researchers are "  getting real close " to identifying a virus as the main culprit . In one poignant moment in the documentary , the cameras capture one of the beekeepers breaking down in tears after lying to his wife to hide the fact that he lost most of his bees . "  It 's a tragedy , that silent moment in the bee yard when you realize you are surrounded by death , " Simmons said . "  It 's a very powerful , very sad moment . " Along with the loss of their livestock , American beekeepers face tough competition from less expensive imported honey -- especially from China and Argentina , Ulibarri said . She planned to sell her bees after last year 's disappointing year , but the prices being offered for them was "  literally nothing . " But this year has been better , with fewer lost colonies , she said . "  Bees really become a part of us , we learn so much all the time , " she said . "  One really neat thing , when you 're around enough hives , as soon as you open it , you can hear from the energy of the hive how they are doing . They are the voice of mother nature . "	"  The Last Beekeeper " documentary premieres Saturday on the Planet Green channel Filmmakers follow beekeepers from South Carolina , Montana , and Washington The film was inspired by headlines about the global disappearance of honeybees One of every three bites of food we eat may be pollinated by honeybees
CNN  -- The 49 decapitated bodies authorities found on a roadside in northern Mexico over the weekend were likely the result of a fierce feud between rival drug cartels , a top Mexican official said Monday . "  In recent weeks , we have had a series of inhuman and despicable acts in different parts of the country that mark an irrational fight fundamentally between two existing criminal groups and their criminal allies , " Mexican Interior Minister Alejandro Poire said . There are "  clear indications , " he said , that a recent surge in violent acts -- including the mutilated remains found Sunday in Nuevo Leon state -- stem from a "  direct conflict " between the Zetas and the Sinaloa cartels over territory and power . Poire stressed that the Mexican government would not retreat from its efforts to crack down on organized crime , which is facing increasing criticism as Mexico 's presidential campaign season heats up . "  I know very well that these acts worry society , but the solution is not to let our guard down , " Poire said . President Felipe Calderon , seen as the chief champion of Mexico 's crime-fighting strategy , is not running for re-election . But opposition candidates have criticized his administration 's approach . More than 47,000 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels . On Sunday , it appeared that authorities would be adding at least 49 more people to that tally , after decapitated and dismembered bodies were found along a highway in the municipality of Cadereyta Jimenez , near the industrial city of Monterrey and about 80 miles southwest of the U.S. border . A message written on a wall nearby appeared to refer to the Zetas drug cartel . The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican army and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico 's Gulf cartel . The partnership ended in 2010 . Now , analysts say the Gulf cartel is allied with the Sinaloa cartel , one of the nation 's most powerful drug-trafficking groups . Sinaloa cartel leader Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera is widely known as Mexico 's most wanted fugitive . Forbes magazine has placed him on its list of the world 's most powerful people , reporting his net worth is $ 1 billion as of March . Authorities are still working to identify the victims whose bodies were found Sunday , Poire said . State officials said Sunday they had not ruled out the possibility that the victims could be Central American immigrants or residents of another state , telling reporters Sunday that there had not been many local missing persons reports in recent days . But the area has become a battleground for a brutal conflict between the Zetas and the Gulf cartel , and reports of forced disappearances have become increasingly common in recent years . So have claims that local police , with lower salaries that authorities say make them easier to corrupt than federal troops , have been infiltrated and influenced by cartels . Last week , a retired military general arrived to take over Cadereyta Jimenez 's depleted police force . At least five municipal employees were slain there last month , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Federal forces have stepped up security in Nuevo Leon and the neighboring state of Tamaulipas since November 2010 . The states are among Mexico 's most violent , according to government statistics . In Monterrey , Nuevo Leon 's capital , nearly 400 deaths in 2011 were connected to organized crime -- more than three times the number of people slain in drug-related violence there in 2010 . Among the most high-profile violence in the region was an attack on a casino in Monterrey last August that left 52 people dead . Authorities have said members of the Zetas cartel were behind that attack . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , journalist Victor Badillo and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Interior minister : Violence is related to fighting between the Zetas and the Sinaloa cartel "  We have had a series of inhuman and despicable acts , " Alejandro Poire says Poire : Mexico will not retreat from its efforts to crack down on organized crime His comments come after 49 decapitated bodies are found in northern Mexico
CNN  -- It was in the majestic surroundings of Muirfield that the original gold-plated superstar of golf secured his first major title . The small town of Gullane to the east of Edinburgh that is all set to welcome the modern titans of the game for the 142nd staging of the British Open played host to a true pioneer back in 1896 . Harry Vardon won a total of six British Open titles , a record that still stands , but his achievements in the game stretch far beyond his haul of majors , which was lifted to seven by his 1900 U.S. Open triumph . Not only was he credited with sparking an explosion of interest in the game during his tours of America at the turn of the 20th Century but he also devised the grip - -- "  the overlapping grip " or the "  Vardon overlap " -- that 90 percent of golfers still deploy . It is little wonder he is spoken of in such glowing terms by Australian Peter Thompson , who alongside American legend Tom Watson , is just one British Open triumph behind Vardon 's half-dozen successes . "  He was the God of golf , " Thompson told CNN 's Living Golf show . "  To aspire to such a position was sacrilege -- it was way out of my league . "  It was n't until I passed five that I thought , ` Well , it 's possible to equal the great man ' but I did n't do it , regrettably . "  It must have been inspirational to watch him swing . He had the power of a winning champion . Had someone won seven or even six Opens we would n't have had Vardon as a God . "  It is perfect it is in stone and concrete that he should be the man who won six . It has n't happened before and it is n't likely to happen for many years . "  I do n't think anyone will reach six because the competition there is today makes it more difficult . There are at least 25 players that have a chance of winning any major tournament . " Vardon 's prowess on the golf course is indisputable . His entry in the Hall of Fame quotes famed golf writer Bernard Darwin as saying : "  I do not think anyone who saw him play in his prime will disagree as to this , that a greater genius is inconceivable . " But his legacy stretches far beyond the beauty of the links courses upon which he flourished , securing his first three championships before the turn of the century . He became the game 's first international superstar when he traveled to the United States in 1900 , playing 80 exhibition matches around the country , his tour culminating in that U.S. Open triumph . Thousands flocked to see him in action , with many scurrying back to their own courses to try and replicate what they had just seen . "  There is absolutely no doubt that that the great boom of golf in America was started by Harry Vardon , " said David Crawford , former head greenkeeper at Royal Jersey , where Vardon learnt the game . "  The number of people who flooded to see his exhibition matches , the fact that he was asked back again and again prove that . "  He brought golf into the mainstream for everyone to play and I think that was probably his greatest achievement . "  And of course he 'll be forever immortalized because of his most famous grip , there 's no getting away from it . " Vardon was born into a working class family in Jersey , a British outpost off the coast of Normandy in France , and honed his game when the island got its first golf course in 1878 . Both Harry and his younger brother started out as caddies and invested hours on practicing their swings , despite their father 's disapproval of the game . Harry 's career blossomed when he left Jersey for the English mainland , where his dedication to his craft and insistence on wearing knickerbockers made him stand out from the crowd . His victory at Muirfield in 1896 announced his prowess to the world and irked the man he beat -- two-time Open champion Willie Park Junior . "  Park was so upset he challenged Vardon to a home and away match for Â # 100 , " Crawford explained . "  It was a year before they came to play it and Vardon was two shots up after the first tie at North Berwick where around 10,000 people came to watch . "  In the second match Vardon annihilated Park , who went on to become an architect because he knew he was n't going to win anything with Vardon around . "  Vardon was extremely accurate , a straight driver with an immaculate short game . It has been said his putting stroke was n't that great but I do n't believe you could win all those tournaments with a weak putting stroke . "  He had the complete all round game at the height of his powers . " Vardon went on to claim three more Open titles before he was struck down by tuberculosis , spending long spells in sanatoriums until 1910 . Yet despite his faltering health , and general lack of fitness , he still came back to win the Open twice more -- in 1911 and 1914 . According to another graduate of the Jersey links , former Ryder Cup star Tommy Horton , Vardon 's success is made all the more remarkable given his physical frailties . "  He was never very fit , and when you think about 1914 when he won his last Open , they took him out of hospital two or three weeks before the Championship , because he had tuberculosis , " he said . "  Vardon was never a very fit man and he had only a few weeks practice , fresh out of hospital and went out and won the Open Championship . That to me is incredible . " Vardon eventually died in 1937 at the age of 66 . While illness hampered his career in large parts , it may have also helped prolong it . "  It 's not very common knowledge , but Harry Vardon was planning to go to promote the equipment he sponsored , or the sponsors promoted for him , in America , " Horton added . "  He was going for two or three months as he 'd done before -- they liked him in America -- but he fell sick , and because of that he did n't travel on the Titanic . " Vardon 's haul of six Open titles is unlikely to be matched any time soon , but had it not been for The Great War , it could have been more . "  He lost six years out of his professional life , " Crawford added . "  Goodness knows how many Opens Vardon could have won . "	Harry Vardon has won six British Open titles , more than anyone else in history Vardon was golf 's first worldwide superstar after his popular playing tours of America Jersey-native won his first Open title at Muirfield , the scene for the 2014 installment Peter Thompson , who won five Open titles , calls him "  the God of golf "
CNN  -- The 28-year-old victim of an acid attack was released Sunday from a Portland , Oregon , hospital , a nursing supervisor said , nearly a week after an unknown assailant threw a cup of the caustic liquid in her face . Bethany Storro was released from Legacy Emanuel Hospital , where she had undergone surgery for her injuries after the attack last Monday , according to the supervisor , who declined to give her name . Storro credits a new pair of sunglasses -- bought just 20 minutes before the attack -- with saving her eyesight . "  God is watching over me , " Storro , of Vancouver , Washington , told CNN affiliate KATU in Portland , Oregon , last week . "  I believe in him . That his hands are on me and I ca n't live the rest of my life like that -- in fear . I ca n't let what she did to me wreck my life . " Vancouver police say they are looking for the assailant , described as an African-American woman with an athletic build and slicked-back hair pulled into a pony tail . A composite sketch of the suspect was released last week . Storro told KATU that she had stopped at a Starbucks about 7:15 p.m. Monday , just after she had gone back to buy a pair of sunglasses that she had seen earlier . The woman walked up to her and said , "  Hey pretty girl , do you want to drink this ? " When Storro declined , the woman threw the contents of the cup in her face and ran off . Storro said she spoke about the attack because she wants people to see what the woman did to her and to help authorities find the woman before she assaults someone else . The attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in London , England . Katie Piper , a young model and television presenter , was leaving her apartment in a London suburb when she was attacked by a stranger waiting for her with a cup of sulfuric acid . The liquid burned the skin on her face , neck , chest and hands . She was also left blinded in one eye . Her assailant was asked by Piper 's former boyfriend , Danny Lynch , to throw the acid on her face because she ended their short relationship . Both the assailant , Stefan Sylvestre , and Lynch are serving time in prison for the attack . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	28-year-old Bethany Storro was released from a Portland , Oregon , hospital Sunday An assailant threw a cup of acid in her face last Monday in Vancouver , Washington A composite sketch of the suspect has been released The attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in London , England
Business Insider  -- Groupon , the fastest-growing web company on the planet , reportedly turned down a $ 6 billion buyout offer from Google late last week . Sounds crazy , right ? For most two-year-old companies , the idea of getting a $ 6 billion offer -- never mind turning it down -- is a wild dream . Especially for an idea like Groupon that seems so simple : Daily money-saving coupon offers for local businesses , delivered by e-mail and over the web  A $ 50 credit to the Gap on sale for $ 25 , for example  . So it 's understandable that Groupon 's decision surprised people . But Groupon was actually smart to turn down Google 's offer . Why ? Because Groupon is wildly growing in popularity , and is picking up steam so fast that there is no knowing how much it could be worth in a year -- potentially much more than it is now . Here 's a snapshot of the company 's growth : Groupon says it currently has 40 million subscribers to its daily coupon e-mails , up from 1.5 million a year ago . It is offering deals in more than 300 markets in 35 countries , up from just 28 U.S. markets last year . And Groupon says it has saved its customers more than $ 800 million so far this year , up from about $ 50 million last year . For consumers , that means spending less cash -- always a nice thing in tough economic times . And for local businesses , that means bringing new customers in the door , which makes them happy , too . That 's why so many restaurants , stores , and service providers are rushing to get their deals on Groupon that the company has had to change its business model to keep up -- no longer just "  one deal per day , per city , " but several potential deals , customized for the user . As for the company itself , Groupon has more than 3,000 employees -- up from about 125 last year -- including about 1,000 in its wacky Chicago headquarters .  Do n't miss our photo tour -- it 's truly wild . And while there are competitors like LivingSocial , which has some 10 million subscribers , attracting a lot of attention and investment , Groupon is still leading the pack . Therefore , the promise of further explosive growth is the biggest reason that Groupon was smart to turn down Google 's offer . Imagine Facebook selling to Yahoo for $ 1 billion in 2006 -- it would n't have been worth $ 50 billion right now . Or imagine that Google had taken Yahoo 's meager offer early in its history , too . It would n't be worth almost $ 200 billion as it is today . But there 's another big reason why it 's smart for Groupon to remain independent , for now : The idea that Google could destroy Groupon under its leadership , due to a massive culture clash . If history is any indication , Google would probably have tried to change Groupon , to make it more Googly . But the two companies have vastly different structures and cultures . And based on our understanding of Groupon , Google could potentially ruin Groupon very easily . Why ? Because Groupon is primarily a sales and writing organization , built on people-power and smiles . Of its 3,000 employees around the world , most are in sales , customer support , and editorial . The company employs comedy writers and improv actors , and nurtures corporate gags like an office elaborately decorated as a bedroom for an imaginary , deranged tenant . It 's very funny , but also the kind of thing that the brains at Google probably would n't find funny , or support . "  I 'm not sure this is a tech company that gets built in San Francisco or Palo Alto , " Groupon co-founder and CEO Andrew Mason told us when we visited his office last month . "  It 's so heavily people-dependent -- not really consistent with the way people think about building startups in -LSB- Silicon -RSB- Valley . " Google , meanwhile , is the prototypical Silicon Valley tech company -- the master algorithm . Yes , there are lots of people at Google , too , including many sales and support staff . But Google 's culture is dominated by engineers , the sort of high-GPA geniuses who can answer all of the brain-teaser Google interview questions . And that clash could have been a big problem for Groupon . So for those reasons , Groupon actually looks smart for turning down Google 's $ 6 billion offer . Of course , that 's not to say that the companies wo n't figure out a deal in the future , or that there is n't a chance that Groupon could stumble , and be worth less in the future . But based on the way Groupon is growing in popularity today -- and is expected to generate more than $ 2 billion in sales next year -- turning down Google 's offer is n't as crazy as it sounds . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Groupon says 40 million people subscribe to its daily-coupon e-mails "  Google would probably have tried to change Groupon , " writes Dan Frommer Groupon is primarily a sales and writing organization , built on people-power and smiles
North Korea is one of the world 's poorest countries , seen as well behind most everyone when it comes to most technologies and much more . Hacking may not be one of them . Scant resources or not , a defector who once worked as a computer expert for the North Korean government says that it has a vast network of hackers devoted to cyberwarfare against perceived enemies of the Stalinist state . Jang Se-yul , who defected from North Korea seven years ago , told CNN that he thinks there are 1,800 cyberwarriors in the agency stationed around the world . But he says even the agents themselves do n't know how many others work for the secretive group , called Bureau 121 , whose mission is to "  conduct cyberattacks against overseas and enemy states . " The South Korean government thinks Bureau 121 is the agency at the heart of numerous cyberattacks from North Korea against elements in foreign countries , a government official who requested to be anonymous told CNN on Thursday . North Korea 's hacking capabilities have become a global talking point recently , after a massive hack of Sony Pictures -- the studio behind "  The Interview , " a comedy depicting the assassination of Pyongyang 's leader , Kim Jong Un . That was followed by warnings that the movie not be shown in theaters , something that 's a nonissue , for now , after Sony called off its planned release Wednesday . Washington outraged over Sony decision U.S. investigators say an announcement blaming Pyongyang for this could come as soon as Thursday . North Korea 's government has denied responsibility for the crippling hack , even as its state news agency applauded it . "  The hacking into the SONY Pictures might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK , " KCNA reported . Commenting generally on the North Korean government 's hacking arsenal , Jang said he thinks the reclusive East Asian nation 's cyberwarfare is more real and more dangerous than the regime 's ability to launch a nuclear offensive -- even if it is the latter that has contributed to expansive sanctions , other penalties and the country 's isolation on the world stage . Said Jang , "  This silent war -- the cyberwar -- has already begun without a single bullet fired . " ` Dark Seoul ' hacks of banks , media companies Whether or not it 's behind the Sony hack , South Korean intelligence thinks Bureau 121 has struck before , according to the government official . South Korea has repeatedly accused the North of hacking attacks , including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that targeted banks and media organizations . Pyongyang has rejected the allegations . The biggest case became known as "  Dark Seoul , " a series of hacks between March and June 2013 that targeted South Korean banks and media companies . More than 48,000 computers were hit , infecting the companies ' computer networks with a malicious program , or malware , that slowed or shut down systems . Analyst : We underestimated North Korea Seoul 's military ratcheted up its cyber-alert level in response , and an official South Korean investigation later pinned the blame for this attack on its northern neighbor , finding that many of the malignant codes employed in the attacks were similar to ones used by Pyongyang previously , said Lee Seung-won , an official at the South Korean Science Ministry . A spokesman for the general staff of North Korea 's military called these allegations , which came at a time of heightened tensions between the two longtime rivals , "  groundless " and "  a deliberate provocation to push the situation on the Korean Peninsula to an extreme phase , " according to KCNA . Analyst : North Korea ` probably popping the champagne ' Assuming some of the allegations are well-founded , some might question how or why a country that 's so poor , with so few resources , would devote so much to cyberwarfare . Jang , who says he is still in contact with at least one of Bureau 121 's members , says the answer is simple : "  Raising cyberagents is fairly cheap . " "  The world has the wrong view of the North Korean state , " he adds . "  With that incorrect world view , North Korea was able to increase its ability to launch cyberattacks . " Jang attended North Korea 's military college for computer science , the University of Automation , and worked in information services for the government before defecting . He showed CNN reams of information he says was stolen by North Korean operatives from Bureau 121 . The information taken from South Korean financial institutions , which Jang says he got from a Bureau 121 operation , appeared to list bank accounts , names and financial data . Celebrities criticize decision to pull ` The Interview ' The "  Dark Seoul " hacks were harmful , but one analyst thinks that the Sony attack -- if it 's indeed linked to North Korea -- represents an escalation of tactics . "  I think we underestimated North Korea 's cybercapabilities , " said Victor Cha , director of Asian studies at Georgetown University . "  They certainly did n't evidence this sort of capability in the previous attacks . " He called the Sony hack , and the studio 's decision to pull "  The Interview , " "  a big win " for Pyongyang . "  They got the U.S. government to admit that North Korea was the source of this , and there 's no  public  action plan ... in response to it , " Cha said . "  I think , from their perspective in Pyongyang , they 're probably popping the champagne corks . " Things that annoy North Korea	Jang Se-yul says he thinks there are 1,800 cyberwarriors in the secretive Bureau 121 The defector calls North Korea 's cyberwarfare more dangerous than its nuclear weaponry Official : S. Korea thinks Bureau 121 is behind hacks on South Korean banks , media companies Analyst says linked Sony attack shows Pyongyang 's hacking abilities were "  underestimated "
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie "  absolutely " plans to give up acting one day -- but not just yet . The actress gave her fans a scare on Wednesday when she said in an interview with DuJour magazine that she 's ready to give up performing for directing . "  I 've never been comfortable as an actor ; I 've never loved being in front of the camera , " Jolie said . "  I did n't ever think I could direct , but I hope I 'm able to have a career at it because I 'm much happier . " So , she 's planning to leave acting behind ? "  Absolutely , " Jolie responded . But that certainty came with a caveat . "  I see myself moving into directing more and doing much less as an actor , " Jolie later clarified to Entertainment Weekly . "  I have a few more in me , ones I have been developing for some time , so I will do those before I step away . " Obviously , one of those movies she wants to see through is her 2015 film "  By the Sea , " which she wrote and directed , and also stars in with husband Brad Pitt . "  It 's a heavy film , and it 's not easy for us , " Jolie told DuJour of her upcoming project . "  But even as you struggle through it , you 're in the trenches together and you do n't expect it to be easy . We 're challenging each other and that 's a really good thing . "	Angelina Jolie seemed to say that she was quitting acting in an interview In reality , she was saying that she plans to move away from acting eventually Next up for her is a role in "  By the Sea " with husband Brad Pitt
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande mourned the deaths of four French soldiers and an Afghan interpreter killed in a suicide bombing and said his plan to withdraw combat forces by year 's end will start next month . The bombing occurred in Kapisa province , where most of the 3,300 French troops have been operating in Afghanistan . Hollande said five people were also injured in the attack . It brings the number of French fatalities in the Afghan war to 87 . "  I wish to express my gratitude and that of the whole nation to our soldiers . I salute their dedication and courage . I know the strength of character of our troops in Afghanistan , " Hollande said . "  I offer families the message of solidarity and comfort of the French people . A national tribute will be paid to the victims and the wounded will be repatriated as soon as possible . A plane has already left and will ensure them back as soon as possible . " French troops deployed under the NATO-led command have been operating in Kapisa province for years . Hollande , who recently won the presidential election , campaigned for an accelerated withdrawal of combat forces and called for their removal from the field by the end of the year . Trainers will remain in the country longer . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported the deaths of four service members in an attack , but deferred identification of the nationalities to the troops ' home countries . After he took office last month , Hollande visited French troops in the same region where the soldiers died . He visited the Nijrab forward operating base in the northeastern province of Kapisa and paid tribute to those soldiers killed in the line of duty . The Afghan Interior Ministry said the bombing took place in the Nijrab district 's Pul-i-Khwaja bazaar area . Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said the bomber was a man who had been dressed in a burqa , the head-to-toe garment Muslim women in Afghanistan wear to cover their bodies in public . The Taliban claimed responsibility , saying the man had explosives strapped to his body . The incident is under investigation , and Hollande said he asked Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian and the army chief of staff to go to Afghanistan on Sunday and "  mark the nation 's support to our forces . " "  The decision that I made to accelerate the withdrawal of French combat forces from Afghanistan will begin in July . It will be implemented and completed by the end of 2012 . Until then , everything must be done for our troops meet our obligations with the highest level of security and the utmost vigilance . I take this commitment and I will be the guarantor of the transaction . " In a separate incident , ISAF reported the death of a service member after a roadside bombing in eastern Afghanistan . It did not list the province and the nationality of the soldier . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek in Kabul and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report	NEW : French president says four soldiers , interpreter killed Five soldiers and three civilians were wounded in Kapisa province France is planning to withdraw its combat troops by year 's end Another ISAF service member died in a separate incident
The debate over annual mammogram screenings continues this week , as follow-up data from a long-term study come under fire . Researchers with the Canadian National Breast Screening Study conducted a 25-year follow-up with their participants and concluded that "  annual mammography in women aged 40 to 59 does not reduce mortality from breast cancer beyond that of physical examination or usual care when adjuvant therapy for breast cancer is freely available . " Adjuvant therapy is treatment given after surgery ; this can include chemotherapy , radiation or hormone treatments , according to the National Cancer Institute . The results were published Wednesday in the British Medical Journal . But several professional associations and experts have questioned the study authors ' conclusions . Results from this study have been reported periodically over the last two decades . The screening data were originally collected in six Canadian provinces between 1980 and 1985 . Close to 90,000 women aged 40 to 59 were randomly assigned to either an experimental group or a control group . The experimental group received annual mammograms ; the control group received none . The latest data show almost identical results from the two groups . Invasive breast cancers were diagnosed in 666 patients in the mammography group ; 524 were diagnosed in the control group . In the mammography group , 180 patients died of breast cancer during the 25-year follow-up ; 171 women died in the control group . There was a significant difference in survival rates for the two groups . The 25-year survival rate was 70.6 % for women with breast cancer detected in the mammography group , but only 62.8 % for women with cancers diagnosed in the control group . The researchers said this difference was due to "  lead time , length time bias , and over-diagnosis . " The researchers determined that overall , 22 % of the invasive cancers detected during screening were overdiagnosed , meaning they would likely not have presented a danger to the women over their lifetime if they had been left alone . Approximately 38.7 million mammogram procedures are done in the United States each year , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . In one survey , nearly 75 % of women over the age of 40 reported having a mammogram in the past two years . In a joint statement , the American College of Radiology and the Society of Breast Imaging said this newly published study is "  an incredibly misleading analysis based on the deeply flawed and widely discredited Canadian National Breast Screening Study . " Experts have criticized the CNBSS for using low-quality imaging machines and untrained technicians to do the original screenings . The technology used in the study was a "  generation behind , " says Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , who noted that the randomization between the study 's control and experimental groups was also flawed . As such , the professional organizations said in their statement , the results should not be used to create breast cancer screening policy , "  as this would place a great many women at increased risk of dying unnecessarily from breast cancer . " One problem with screening for any type of cancer is that sometimes the tests pick up cancerous cells that never would have caused a problem for the patient . Treating these cancers with chemotherapy , radiation or surgery can damage the body unnecessarily . Prostate cancer screening : Why ca n't doctors agree ? Dr. H. Gilbert Welch , co-author of "  Overdiagnosed : Making People Sick in the Pursuit of Health , " explains it using turtles , rabbits and birds . The goal , he writes , "  is not to let any of the animals escape the barnyard pen to become deadly . But the turtles are n't going anywhere anyway . They are the indolent , nonlethal cancers . The rabbits are ready to hop out at any time . They are the potentially lethal cancers , cancers that might be stopped by early detection and treatment . "  Then there are the birds . Quite simply , they are already gone . They are the most aggressive cancers , the ones that have already spread by the time they are detectable , the ones that are beyond cure . " National Health Services in the United Kingdom says that for every one woman who has her life saved by a mammogram , three are diagnosed with a cancer that never would have become life-threatening . Currently the American Cancer Society recommends yearly mammograms for women starting at age 40 , and clinical breast exams every three years for women over the age of 20 . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends mammography screening every two years for women between the ages of 50 and 75 . Anyone under 50 should talk to her doctor to assess her individual risk . Both organizations have indicated that they will be reviewing their guidelines this year , taking into account any research that has been published in recent years . The best approach to mammography screening is probably somewhere in the middle , says Brawley , a practicing oncologist . "  I believe there is a small benefit to screening , " he says , but women should also be aware of mammography 's limitations . "  Women have to make an informed decision . " Brawley : Most cancers are preventable	Researchers publish 25-year follow-up to Canadian breast screening study Study authors conclude mammography does not save additional lives from cancer Authors : 22 % of invasive cancers detected during screening were overdiagnosed Experts say study 's methods were flawed , technology used was behind the times
CNN  -- If you 've never been to Tokyo 's Hotel Okura , you 're missing out on one of the true accommodation stars of Asia -- a beautiful time capsule of a hotel that glorifies the design and service of Japan in the 1960s . It 's one of my favorite places to stay in the world . Next August , however , its main building is slated for tearing down to make way for a new , bigger hotel in advance of the Tokyo Olympics in 2020 . Okura 's problem is also its main appeal -- it seems stuck in time . Built in 1962 , before Tokyo 's last Olympics , the hotel is a masterpiece of Japanese aesthetics and modernist design that 's remained largely untouched over more than five decades . It 's hard not to fall in love with the elegance of the main lobby , lit by hanging , hexagonal lanterns and furnished with chairs and tables that resemble plum blossoms . The map with a Seiko clock -- displaying time zones in cities across the world -- still includes Leningrad as an option . The Bar Highlander whiskey lounge serves cocktails that have long fallen out of favor elsewhere in the world . Devoted staff look after customers with a level of devotion that 's rapidly disappearing elsewhere . After helping me buy tickets to a baseball game in Yokohama last year , I was given a packet of directions not just to the city or the stadium , but to my actual seat . Not the time nor the place for progress I even love all the things about the Okura that annoy my friends and colleagues . Though the rooms have been renovated since the '60s , they feel cramped and outdated by modern standards . Sending the most petite lady on staff to deliver 100 kilos of camera equipment to my room is n't a great display of hotel management . And the room service menu is , I think , the most expensive in Asia .  For the money , that better be the best burger in the entire world . Somehow the origami turtle on my pillow seems to make up for all manner of faults . On the whole , though , the Hotel Okura makes up for in character whatever it lacks in efficiency or modern amenities . In Asia , a part of the world defined by an ethos of tear-it-down and build-it-back-bigger  and faster and more tech savvy  , the Hotel Okura pays homage to best of the way things used to be . The hotel says the new building will maintain the traditional Japanese aesthetic and the concept of the lobby , but it seems impossible that a new building will be everything the old one was . I know there 's a time and place for progress and renovation . I just do n't think it 's this time or this place . The folks at Monocle magazine have started a petition to save the old Okura . I hope they succeed . If they do n't , I 'll be booking a room next August to say goodbye . Hotel Okura Tokyo , 2-10-4 Toranomon , Minato-ku , Tokyo ; +81  0  3 3582 0111 ; rooms from Â ¥ 23,500  $ 230	Main building of Tokyo 's Hotel Okura will be torn down to make way for a bigger hotel in advance of 2020 Olympics Built in 1962 , Hotel Okura has remained largely untouched over more than five decades Monocle magazine recently started a petition to save the old Okura
Mental Floss  -- Being a product of the Delaware school system , I ca n't help but love Quakers . My middle and junior high schools were located on a Meeting House Lane . Pacifism , abolitionism and tolerance have always seemed like good ideas to me . And I 'm a total sucker for Quaker Oats packaging . Richard Nixon married Patricia in a 1940 Quaker ceremony at the Mission Inn in Riverside , California . But the fact is , aside from William Penn and Betsy Ross , I really do n't know that many famous Quakers . So I decided to look 'em up . Here 's what I found ... 1 . Richard Nixon People made such a big deal about Kennedy being a Catholic . So it 's interesting to note that old Milhous Nixon was born and raised Quaker . His strict mother instilled conservative Quaker values in him  no swearing , drinking or dancing  . When he could n't afford to go to Harvard  despite earning a scholarship there  , he attended Whittier - a local Quaker college where he became class President , started a frat , practiced with the football team , and even spent his Sundays teaching Sunday school to little tykes . 2 . Daniel Boone American settler , hunter , and folk hero Daniel Boone was born and raised Quaker . In fact , his family emigrated to the U.S. from England partially for that reason . What 's more interesting , however , is why the Boone family did n't stay within the fold . Apparently , Danny 's sister Sarah made waves in the community when she married a non-Quaker . That , in itself , might not have caused a controversy . The fact that she was visibly pregnant at the time did . The family publicly apologized for their daughter 's behavior . But after their son Israel also married a non-Quaker , the Boone 's became a famiglia non grata and up and moved to Carolina . 3 . Joan Baez If you 're wondering how folk singer Joan Baez 's religion might have played into her development as a political activist , you might want to take a look at her father 's life choices . Albert Baez converted to Quakerism when Joan was a youngster , and despite being a co-inventor of the X-ray microscope and a well-known physicist , he refused to work on the atomic bomb project in Los Alamos , and also turned down lucrative job offers from defense contractors during the Cold War . 4 . John Cadbury If you love Cadbury 's chocolates , you definitely owe a note of thanks to the Society of Friends . As a young man , Cadbury hoped to pursue a career in medicine or law . But because Quakers were discriminated against by all of the major universities at the time , John decided to focus on business . Believing that alcohol only exacerbated society 's ills , Cadbury decided to focus on a happy alternative : chocolate and drinking cocoas . In addition to his views on temperance , Cadbury was also a bit of an activist . He led a campaign to stop the use of boys as chimney sweeps , and he founded an organization to prevent animal cruelty . 5 . James Dean Sent off to be raised by his father 's sister in Fairmount , Indiana , James Dean was raised Quaker . And though the faith may not have played the biggest role in his life or career  there are tales that it was through befriending a Methodist reverend that he was encouraged to pursue his loves of bullfighting , car racing and theater  , today he 's buried in a Quaker cemetery . 6 . Edward R. Murrow Born in North Carolina to Quaker parents . Amazingly , for the first 6 years of his life , the famed reporter grew up in a log cabin without plumbing or electricity . His parents , who farmed for a living , made only a few hundred dollars a year , at least until they picked up and moved to Washington state . 7 . Piers Anthony While agnostic today , best-selling science fiction author Piers Anthony grew up in a fairly devout family . During the Spanish Civil War his parents left young Piers and his sister to their grandparents care , and then went to "  fight " in Spain . In his own words , "  my parents were helping to keep those devastated children alive , by importing food and milk and feeding them on a regular basis . It was worthy work , and I do n't fault it , but there was a personal cost . " 8 . Judi Dench The award-winning actress converted to Quakerism after attending a Friends school . According to Quakernet , she was first attracted to the faith because she loved the school uniforms . 9 . Annie Oakley The sharp-shooting female who was rumored to split playing cards edge-wise , then shoot through them a few times before they hit the ground , grew up a dirt-poor Quaker . In fact , her early skill with the gun came from having to hunt food for her impoverished family . 10 . Bonnie Raitt In her own words , "  I grew up ... in a Quaker family , and for me being Quaker was a political calling rather than a religious one . " 11 . Joseph Lister The British surgeon who promoted cleanliness and sterility  and for whom Listerine mouthwash is named  grew up in a wealthy Quaker family . Of course , this did n't stop him from being discriminated against . In fact , Lister studied medicine at the University of London precisely because it was one of the only institutions at the time which accepted Quakers . 12 . David Byrne According to TalkingHeads.net , the musician to-be was regularly encouraged by his mother 's "  tolerant Quaker philosophies . " That , along with the constant drone of Scottish and American folk music in the house , supposedly played a large role in his eventual career choice . 13 . Cassius Coolidge I really only included "  Cash " Coolidge because I have a fondness for his Dogs Playing Poker prints  one used to hang over my puppy 's sleeping cushion in my old house  . Still , it 's pretty interesting to know that the painter was born to abolitionist Quakers in upstate New York , and that he 's oft-credited with creating Comic Foregrounds , or those novelty photo scenes you pay $ 2 to stick your head into , to make your body look muscle-bound at the beach . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	President Richard Nixon was raised as a Quaker Judi Dench , Bonnie Raitt and James Dean among Quaker entertainers Journalist Edward R. Murrow born to Quaker parents
