LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blind women are being trained to use their sensitive touch to help detect breast cancer earlier and more precisely than doctors . The blind assistants use tape strips with braille coordinates to accurately locate cancerous lumps The program , called "  Discovering Hands , " is the brainchild of German gynecologist Dr. Frank Hoffmann . Two years ago , he created Braille strips as a system of orientation , allowing the blind to carry out breast examinations . Using these strips blind women are trained to become Medical Tactile Examiners  MTUs  because they are more able to detect smaller lumps than sighted doctors . Hoffman argues that because of their disability , the blind can possess a more acutely developed sense of touch , which has proved to be a valuable asset in breast examinations . Once the strips are placed along specific areas of the breast , they are then used to report a precise location to the doctor as the MTU reads their Braille coordinates . "  We are turning a disability into a gift , " Dr. Hoffmann told CNN . "  It 's like the game Battleship , " he added . "  You have the exact location . " A study at the Essen University 's women 's clinic , Germany , concluded that MTUs found more and smaller tumors than doctors in 450 cases . The identification of smaller lumps allows earlier diagnosis and more effective treatment . Another advantage of having MTUs is that they are able to dedicate more time to examining a patient . Dr. Hoffman said he had previously been able to spend only a few minutes on each examination due to his other commitments , whereas MTUs can commit half an hour . Training takes place at the BFW occupational school in Düren , west Germany , a center for those who are no longer able to continue their profession because of visual impairment or blindness . So far , ten blind women have qualified as MTUs . One of the women , Marie-Luise Voll , 57 , told CNN : " The work brings me a lot of joy . " Voll had previously practiced as a nurse before losing her sight in 2007 , but used the experience when training at Düren for her new role . The highly personal nature of the procedure means that only women will be trained . The MTUs report to the doctor - for whom they act as an assistant not a replacement - who then uses this information as part of their ultimate diagnosis . If an abnormality is located the doctor will decide how to proceed , with ultrasounds and mammography being the most frequent course of action . The testing phase of the project between 2006 and 2008 has now been completed in Germany . The hope is that twenty trained MTUs will qualify every year after 2010 . The program has been acclaimed as a success by both patients and practitioners in Germany . Health services in Europe including Ireland , France , Denmark and Austria have also registered interest in starting an equivalent of their own , Hoffman said .	Blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps Called Medical Tactile Examiners , they can spend more time on patients The ` Discovering Hands ' program takes place at a school in Düren , west Germany
CNN  -- Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy and ex-wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , could take the witness stand Wednesday morning to testify in her own defense in her DWI trial stemming from a 2012 traffic accident . Kennedy is facing a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated for allegedly swerving between lanes and careening into a tractor-trailer on a Westchester County , New York , interstate in July of 2012 . She drove away from the accident scene despite a shredded tire , and was found collapsed over the steering wheel of her Lexus SUV a short time later , according to testimony . Kennedy has said she swallowed a pill she believed to be her thyroid medication at around 7:30 the morning of the incident , but that she may have mixed up medicine bottles and taken zolpidem , a powerful sleep aid , instead . A blood test confirmed the presence of zolpidem in Kennedy 's system , according to trial testimony this week . At the start of her defense case Tuesday , Kennedy watched with a smile as her younger sister Rory Kennedy described their close relationship . "  She 's really my best friend , " said the younger Kennedy on the stand . When asked about her sister 's reputation for truthfulness , she said , "  She wrote the book called ` Speak Truth to Power ' about her commitment to justice and truth , and that 's what she has devoted her life to . " Trial opens with video of sobriety tests , claim of ` sleep driving ' A growing group of supporters have sat in the rows behind the defendant throughout the two trial days in Westchester County , including sister Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , brothers Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Douglas Kennedy , and 85-year-old family matriarch Ethel Kennedy . Earlier Tuesday , jurors heard from Bradley Molloy , a drug-detection specialist with the New York State Police who evaluated Kennedy after the crash . Some three hours after she allegedly failed three roadside sobriety tests , Kennedy passed those same tests with flying colors , testified Molloy . Finding no signs of intoxication , Molloy instead began to suspect that Kennedy 's car accident and disoriented state had been the result of a medical condition , he said . Kennedy herself was also worried , and asked that a vial of the blood drawn from her at Northern Westchester Hospital , said Molloy : "  She was concerned and she wanted to know what happened to her . " Kennedy remained at the hospital overnight for observation . During opening statements Monday , Assistant District Attorney Stefanie DeNise said that even if Kennedy , 54 , had taken the sleep aid unintentionally , she had a responsibility to pull her vehicle off the road safely when she began to feel its effects . Defense attorney Gerald Lefcourt disputed that argument , saying Kennedy had no time to react . "  The zolpidem kicks in , it shuts her down , she 's in a state of ` sleep driving , ' " he said . Tuesday afternoon , jurors watched another member of Kennedy 's defense team spar with an expert witness about the effects of the drug . Laboratory director Elizabeth Pratt conceded that zolpidem is "  a very potent , fast-acting hypnotic , " that begins to hamper cognitive ability and motor skills within 15-45 minutes . Its effect on Kerry Kennedy would have peaked at around 9 a.m. , testified Pratt ; roughly the time Kennedy failed an initial round of sobriety tests by police after a motorist called 911 . Pratt was asked by prosecutor Doreen Lloyd whether zolpidem is a "  knock-out pill , " and replied that the drug would need time to enter the blood stream and brain before it takes full effect . "  And , prior to the time the drug takes effect , does a person still have brain function ? Do they still have decision-making ability ? " asked Lloyd . "  Yes , " replied Pratt . The trial continues Wednesday at 9:30 a.m.	Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was in an accident in 2012 She drove away from the accident scene , and was found collapsed in her SUV She is on trial on a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated Kennedy says she took what she thought was medicine but it could have been a sleep aid
CNN  -- Whether they 're blasting over the tracks in Germany or Japan , trains offer travelers a chance to sit back and relax as they ride through some of the world 's most incredible scenery . But often the stations the trains depart from are an attraction in their own right , counting among the world 's most beautiful pieces of architecture . Hamburg-based architectural data company , Emporis just released a list of 11 of the world 's most spectacular train stations . "  Increasing numbers of cities are adorning themselves with eye-catching station buildings that , with their unconventional roof structures , bright colors and extravagant shapes , become unique architectural landmarks of those cities , " the report says . The 11 stations include the artistic Hundertwasser Bahnhof in Germany , decorated in the style of artist Friedensreich ; futuristic Gare de Liege-Guillemins in Belgium , with its "  gigantic arched roof that spans the entire length of the station " ; and the soon-to-be-completed World Trade Center Transportation Hub in New York "  that will set new standards in station architecture . " The report adds that historical stations are now being eyed for elaborate and unusual renovations . Love traveling by train ? Share your favorite photos King 's Cross in London and Gare de Strasbourg in France , for instance , are among stations that are now part modern art and part historical landmarks . Meanwhile , architectural masterpieces like Grand Central Terminal in New York and Chhaatrapati Shivaji Terminus in Mumbai are equally as impressive today as they were when opening in 1913 and 1888 , respectively . Check out the above gallery for Emporis ' full list of spectacular train stations .	Architectural data company Emporis has compiled a list of 11 stunning train stations Grand Central Terminus in New York receives over 21.6 million tourists each year Chhaatrapati Shivaji Terminus in Mumbai is a UNESCO World Heritage Site
Entertainment Weekly  -- In "  Marley & Me , " it does n't take long to learn why Marley , an incorrigibly frisky golden Labrador retriever adopted by Florida newspaper writers John and Jenny Grogan  Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston  , is the "  world 's worst dog . " In "  Marley & Me , " Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston 's characters welcome a dog into their lives . He 's friendly and lovable , but he devours everything in sight -- drywall , socks , big chunks of furniture  no , he does n't just chew on them , he eats them  . As a dog owner , I can testify that "  Marley & Me , " based on the real John Grogan 's smash 2005 memoir , is the single most endearing and authentic movie about the human-canine connection in decades . As directed by David Frankel  "  The Devil Wears Prada "  , though , it 's also something more : a disarmingly enjoyable , wholehearted comic vision of the happy messiness of family life . John and Jenny share an existence that , from the standpoint of our current economic times , already looks like paradise . He 's a reporter who gets refashioned , by his testy editor  Alan Arkin  , into a lifestyle columnist  only to keep complaining about it -- poor guy !  . She 's a feature writer who becomes a stay-at-home mom . As the kids come along  three of them  , the Grogans move into bigger and bigger houses , yet they have thwarted ambitions , fights that go on for days , and a general attitude of wistful loss toward all the freedoms they have given up to become parents . "  Marley & Me " celebrates two ordinary people as they try to fit love , work , children , and one volcanically misbehaved pooch into a single space . Marley may be the dog from hell , but we 're meant to see that the Grogans , in their hearts , would n't have it any other way . Marley stands in for all the unruliness that can never be domesticated out of life . You can domesticate Owen Wilson , but the shock is how good the role of beleaguered breadwinner looks on him . He and Aniston forge a nimble connection  they even get mad in style  , and Wilson has a scene near the end with Marley that 's the most wrenchingly tender acting of his career . Using his scratchy , lackadaisical warmth to voice a testament to family , and to where dogs fit into it , he makes you feel like it 's a wonderful life indeed . EW Grade : A - CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Marley & Me " works as both comedy about dog and profile of family Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston star in film version of memoir High marks for Wilson , in particular , as newspaper columnist and dog owner
Minami Sanriku , Japan  CNN  -- A 60-year-old Japanese man was rescued Sunday more than nine miles out at sea after clinging to the swept-away remnants of his home for more than two days . "  I thought today was the last day of my life , " Hiromitsu Shinkawa told his rescuers , according to Kyodo News Agency . Amazing stories of survival began to emerge in Japan , even amid the horrific destruction of the massive quake and subsequent tsunami that has killed nearly 1,600 , destroyed tens of thousands of homes and stoked fears of a potential nuclear power plant meltdown . Three elderly people were found alive in a smashed car that had been tossed by the tsunami . Another woman clung to branches in a tree and took her chances by grabbing onto a floor mat that drifted nearby . The rushing currents pushed her around and around , past many buildings , she said . Her daughter was washed away and remains missing . "  I had been waiting for help all night , " the rescued mother said . Prime Minister Naoto Kan said about 15,000 people have been rescued so far . Japanese troops were canvassing the destruction by the thousands in search of any sign of life . Hiromitsu Shinkawa , the man rescued at sea , told rescuers he and his wife had returned home shortly after the 8.9-magnitude quake to pick up some belongings when the tsunami slammed the city of Minamisoma . "  I was saved by holding onto the roof , but my wife was swept away , " he said , according to Kyodo . Video showed him barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood , shattered homes and other debris floating more than nine miles  15 kilometers  at sea . He could be seen waving a self-made red flag . Rescuers aboard a Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer spotted him and quickly dispatched a smaller rescue boat to pick him up . When a member of the force handed Hiromitsu something to drink on the rescue boat , he drank it and burst into tears , Kyodo reported . "  No helicopters or boats that came nearby noticed me , " he said . In Minami Sanriku , a town in northeastern Japan , a family photo album lay on the sodden ground , showing a beaming man holding a newborn baby -- happiness out of place amid the devastation . It 's been estimated that some 9,500 people -- half the town 's population -- may be unaccounted for . Only a handful of buildings were left standing , with the rest a mangled mess of rubble . A boat sat on the edge of town , carried more than two miles inland by the tsunami . When the tsunami warning sounded Friday , "  most people ran away , " said Choushin Takahaski , who was working in a local government office near the water . "  Some had to leave the elderly or disabled behind on the second floor . I think a lot of those left behind probably died . " As the wave hit , he said , it felt like a dream . "  I saw the bottom of the sea when the tidal wave withdrew and houses and people were being washed out , " another resident said . "  I could n't watch anymore . " Forty-two people were found alive Sunday in Minami Sanriku . Search-and-rescue efforts were frequently disturbed by tsunami alerts prompted by ongoing aftershocks . When the alarm sounded , police abandoned their cars , rescue workers blew whistles and people rushed to high ground . "  It 's your life ! " shouted one man . "  Run ! " It was a false alarm , but such warnings are taken seriously in the wake of the disaster . In Sendai , south of Minami Sanriku , Hiroki Otomo said his mother and uncle remain missing . They were at the family 's home when the tsunami struck . "  Frightening beyond belief , " Otomo said . "  I have no words . " Many areas of the town are simply gone -- mud and boards littering an area where a row of homes used to stand . A vehicle was found upside-down among tree branches . A school , which had 450 people inside when the tsunami hit , stood with its doors blown open and a jumble of furniture -- plus a truck -- in its hallways . Some teachers and students were able to escape the building , but officials said others did not . Sendai residents said the water reached the treetops as it swept into the town . Cars were tossed like toys , windows blasted out and homes crushed or swept away completely . "  As I was trying to evacuate , the tsunami was already in front of me , " another young man said . "  I tried to drive , but I ended up running instead . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Kyung Lah and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Naoto Kan says about 15,000 people have been rescued so far 60-year-old man survives clinging to debris at sea ; wife swept away Japanese troops canvass region searching for any signs of life
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- The United States and Cuba should show some flexibility and take steps to improve relations , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said Friday during a weeklong trade mission to the island nation . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson calls for "  concrete steps " to improve ties between the United States and Cuba . "  There is a good atmosphere -LSB- between the two countries -RSB- , " he said at a news conference in Havana on Friday . "  It is the best atmosphere I 've seen in many years . " Richardson called for "  concrete steps from both sides , " but noted a "  lack of flexibility in their positions " and reciprocity from the Cuban government . He also called on the United States to "  pay more attention to the Cuba issue , though acknowledged more urgent U.S. priorities like health-care reform have drawn attention away from normalizing relations . In his first trip to Cuba in 13 years , when he negotiated the release of three political prisoners in 1996 , Richardson said he is not in Cuba as a special U.S. envoy . "  My main objective is trade and to improve commercial ties with Cuba , " he said , though he acknowledged plans to report recommendations to the Obama administration early next week . Watch Richardson discuss goals for Cuba trip " Despite the near half-century trade embargo , the U.S. Treasury Department allows U.S. states to sell agricultural , medical and IT products in Cuba on a cash basis . The governor also called on the Obama administration to ease restrictions of biotechnology products , allow Cubans to travel to the United States for academic and cultural exchanges , and implement the changes to Cuban-American travel and remittances announced in April . He mentioned a proposal to allow diplomats in either country to move more freely and offered to broker a dialogue between the Cuban government and Cuban-Americans . "  If there 's going to be a solution for the normalization of relationship between Cuba and the United States , Cuban-Americans must play a role , " he said , noting that any such dialogue would not substitute government-to-government talks . Richardson -- known for his diplomatic resume , including high-level talks with North Korea , Sudan and Iraq -- met with Cuba 's National Assembly president , Ricardo Alarcon , and received a personal letter from former President Fidel Castro . "  It was a positive message that I got , " he said of the letter . The former presidential candidate was nominated for Commerce Secretary in the Obama administration , but withdrew amid an investigation over whether CDR Financial Products inappropriately won $ 1.4 million in state work for New Mexico .	New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson cites "  good atmosphere " between U.S. , Cuba Trade embargo has been source of contention between both countries Richardson offers to broker talks between Cuban government , Cuban-Americans
Lebanese women are taking to the streets to demand that the government takes domestic violence seriously , by introducing laws to protect women from abusive partners . Nadine Mouwad , a founder of feminist collective Nasawiya , says the prevalence of unveiled , glamorous women in Beirut can create the impression that Lebanon is more liberated from patriarchal cultural attitudes than neighboring countries . But that 's merely an illusion , she says . "  The problem is that we are sold a lot of fake freedoms that raise Lebanese women under the impression that they have freedom to go anywhere , freedom to dress the way they want to , " she said . For the past year and a half , Mouwad and fellow feminist activists have been demanding that politicians ignore the objections of Muslim religious authorities and pass a stalled law protecting women from domestic violence . A draft version of the Law to Protect Women from Family Violence was approved by Lebanon 's Cabinet in 2010 , but has since become bogged down in parliament , mainly due to the objections of Sunni and Shia authorities . The initial version of the bill was drafted to criminalize physical and sexual abuse , so-called "  honor crimes " and marital rape , create specially-trained domestic violence response units within the police , and provide the legal framework for restraining orders to be issued against abusers . Read also : Not all colors welcomed in Lebanon 's cultural tapestry But Lebanon 's religious courts -- the judicial authorities presiding over each of the country 's faith communities , with jurisdiction over matters of "  personal status , " including marriage problems -- have criticized the proposed law as an attempt to erode their authority . Dar al-Fatwa , Lebanon 's top Sunni authority , and the Higher Shi'a Islamic Council both said that they opposed the draft on the basis that Sharia law protected the status of women , and should remain the basis for governing legal issues related to Muslim families . Domestic violence cases in Lebanon are typically heard in the religious courts , which often respond with rulings focused on preserving the family unit , rather protecting women from violence . It 's a response that abused women are usually met with from police as well , says Lebanese lawyer Amer Badreddine . "  They are told to solve the problem amicably , to keep it a family issue and not cause embarrassment to themselves by bringing it to the police , " said Badreddine , who specializes in domestic violence cases . He said the law also failed to recognize marital rape as a crime -- a position that some Muslim judges argue should be upheld . Criminalizing marital rape "  could lead to the imprisonment of the man , " Sheik Ahmad Al-Kurdi , a judge in the Sunni religious court , told CNN , "  where in reality he is exercising the least of his marital rights . " Read also : A Palestinian farmer 's journey to the Oscars With little protection from authorities , Lebanese women in abusive marriages must also often contend with the disapproval of their families if they seek to escape their predicament . One Lebanese mother-of-three told CNN of being beaten by her husband from the time she was pregnant with their first child . Shortly after the child was born , he broke her nose and she resolved to divorce him . But her parents were mortified about what people would think , and said she would have to give up her son if she left . She returned to the marital home where the abuse continued , including her husband forcing himself on her . "  He used to make me pregnant , thinking that as long as I was having kids he would make me stay , " she said . She feared he would kill her . But eventually , with the help of a Kafa  "  Enough "  -- an NGO tackling violence and exploitation of women and children -- she was able to divorce her husband and retain custody of her children . Such an outcome is rare for abused women in Lebanon -- a situation that was now unlikely to be remedied by the passing of the domestic violence bill , says Mouwad . Her organization heard of about 15 cases a year of Lebanese women murdered by their domestic partners , she said . Mouwad said the draft bill had been watered down with so many amendments due to objections by religious conservatives , that it was virtually useless . She said she would ultimately prefer not to see it pass . "  If it passes the way it is , it 's going to be disastrous and counterproductive , " she said .	A law to protect women from domestic violence in Lebanon has stalled in parliament It is opposed by religious groups which claim it will erode the power of religious courts Feminist groups are protesting the delay , saying women have few legal protections in Lebanon One judge from a Sunni religious court told CNN marital rape was a husband 's "  right "
EW.com  -- There are less than 24 days left until the theatrical release of The Hunger Games  did you hear that EW is the official sponsor of District 7 ?  , and in celebration of the countdown , Lionsgate has announced 24 advanced screenings of the film to coincide with the story 's 24 tributes fighting to the death . "  Fans can show their support for #HungerGames24 by visiting Screenings.TheHungerGamesMovie.com and tweeting a unique hashtag assigned to their closest city to unlock Advance Screening locations . Starting tomorrow , March 1 , the top four cities with the most Twitter volume will be announced each day and fans will then be able to enter to win tickets to those locations , " Lionsgate said in a release . In addition , on March 10 , the first customers to purchase any Nook device at select Barnes & Noble stores will receive two complimentary tickets to the official Advance Screening on March 21  while supplies last  . You can find participating Barnes & Noble stores here . The social media marketing campaign echoes the milestones from past countdowns : #HungerGames100 , #HungerGames74 and #HungerGames50 . But how many more hashtag activities can fans take before the release ? At least one , tribute friends . At least one . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fans can show their support by tweeting a unique hashtag assigned to their closest city People have a chance to receive two complimentary tickets on March 10 at select B&N stores The top four cities with the most Twitter volume will be announced each day
CNN  -- The typical South African itinerary runs something like this : Fly into Joburg and explore the urban hipster scene , hop over to Kruger for a safari , then down to Cape Town to sip wine on the waterfront with Table Mountain in the backdrop . And that 's fantastic , but it means most visitors miss out on Durban . Joburg is trendy , Cape Town is glamorous , but Durban is cool . Really cool . That 's why one million South Africans pack the beaches there every summer  around Christmas or New Year , book early or do n't bother  . If you 're wondering what all those people know that no one else does , here are 10 awesome reasons to visit . The Golden Mile Durban 's beachfront was completely redeveloped for the 2010 World Cup , so it 's possible to stroll the length of it on a broad new boardwalk . If it 's too hot for a stroll , you can flag a Zulu rickshaw . A century ago , more than 2,000 of them crowded the streets and docks . About 20 registered pullers remain , all wearing beaded headdresses that match the decorations on their rides . Along the roadside , stalls offer beach gear and Zulu crafts . On the beach , sculptors create landmarks and wildlife from the sand . Durban 's beach is one of the few places where South Africans of all stripes mingle -- surfers , women in burkinis , pensioners on a stroll and kids playing on the well-maintained public slides . uShaka Marine World At one end of the Golden Mile is The Point , which overlooks the mouth to the city 's famous harbor . Once synonymous with gangsters and dockside prostitutes , The Point now hosts high-end condos , linked by canals so you can keep your boat there . The main attraction is uShaka Marine World , a water park and aquarium . To cool off , you can book a table at the Cargo Hold restaurant  +21 328 8065  inside the shark tank , or step outside to Ocean Ventures and book a surf lesson . Durban 's beaches are protected by shark nets and the water 's warm enough to swim in year round . uShaka Marine World 1 , King Shaka Ave. , Point , Durban ; +27 31 328 8000 Moses Mbhida Stadium At the other end of the Golden Mile is the city 's sports complex , dominated by the soccer stadium built for the World Cup . Even if there 's not a match on , it 's worth a visit to ride up to the top of the arch that stretches over the field for an unrivaled view of the city . There 's a quick way down via the Big Rush Big Swing , an 80-meter free fall over the field . Moses Mbhida Stadium , 44 Isaiahntshangase Moses Mbhida Stadium , 44 Isaiahntshangase Road , Durban ; +27 31 582 8222 KwaZulu-Natal Sharks Board The Sharks Board maintains the nets that protect the city 's beaches . It 's possible to book an early morning boat ride with the crew that maintains them every morning . The boats leave from Wilson 's Wharf and ride through the harbor , which gives a sense of the gigantic scale of the container ships that serve Africa 's busiest port . It 's rare to see a shark around the nets , but for those that really need a Jaws moment there are public shark dissections at the Board 's visitor center . KwaZulu-Natal Sharks Board , 1a Herrwood Drive , Umhlanga , KwaZulu-Natal ; +27 31 566 0400 The Phoenix Settlement At the turn of the last century , Mohandas Gandhi came to work as a young lawyer in South Africa , where he had one of his life 's formative experiences -- getting kicked out of a "  whites only " train car . His reflections on that experience eventually developed into his theories of non violence that would go on to shape his campaign for India 's independence . In 1904 he bought some land that became known as the Phoenix Settlement , where he lived and opened a printing press to spread his ideas . Both his home and the press are open to the public . Bunny chow The origins of the name are a mystery , but this curry served in a hollowed-out bread loaf is the quintessential Durban meal . No rabbits are harmed , it 's usually beef , chicken or mutton . The theory goes that the dish was created as a meal-to-go that farm workers could hold in one hand . To sample one , look for any crowded takeaway counter or head to Gounden 's  520 Umbilo Road , Durban ; +27 31 205 5363  . Art Durban 's art museum was the first in the country to start collecting African art . It 's housed inside the city 's neo-Baroque City Hall  Church Street , Durban  , which is worth a visit to explore the markets on the surrounding streets or to check out what 's on at the Tudor-style Playhouse Theatre  29 Acutt St. , Durban ; +27 31 369 9555  . Contemporary art is best experienced at the KwaZulu-Natal Society of Arts  166 Bulwer Road , Durban ; +2731 277 1705  , in a custom-designed building that includes a charming shop and cafe set in tropical gardens . Old-school luxury There 's a certain amount of colonial fantasy at play , but the terrace at the Oyster Box hotel is nonetheless one of South Africa 's best spots for a sundowner . The balcony overlooks a lighthouse , and the breeze makes you feel like you 're floating above the ocean , cocktail in hand . The Oyster Box , 2 Lighthouse Road , Umhlanga ; +27 31 514 5000 Shopping Durban loves its local designers , and with reason . For local crafts , you can save yourself a lot of walking and sunburn with a visit to the African Art Centre  94 Florida Road , Morningside , Durban ; +27 31 312 3804  , a well-curated non-profit that scours the province for the best of the best . For fashion , antiques and bric-a-brac , Helen Joseph Road in Glenwood is lined with retail gems . For something really special , it 's worth trying the fresh market at Warwick Triangle , where there are herbal remedies to improve sex drives or chase off mother-in-laws . Honest . Low-key fine dining Some cities keep their best restaurants in posh locales . In Durban , some of the best dining is at the docks , in a shipping container or in the parking lot of a strip mall . Bud 's on the Bay  30 Grunter Gully St. , Durban ; +27 83 291 7835  offers wharfside dining with its own brand of upmarket bunny chow and creations like Zulu sushi  seared steak  . It 's in the sort of neighborhood where movie mobsters might dispose of a corpse , but it 's both safe and worthwhile . Freedom Cafe  34 St Mary 's Ave. , Durban ; +27 31 309 4453  is cut from an old shipping container parked in a courtyard in one of the city 's historic districts . Their breakfast is tops , with a tart that makes kale appetizing . Cafe 1999  117 Vause Road , Berea ; +27 31 202 3406  offers a view of a parking lot , but no one cares because the restaurant is always full of beautiful people and the fresh seasonal food is so good they do n't look up anyway . Griffin Shea is a writer and traveler based in South Africa . His latest project is a travel app for African cities for iPhone and Android .	Durban 's beachfront was completely redeveloped for the 2010 World Cup and features a new boardwalk The Sharks Board offers ridealongs on net fixing trips and also lays on public shark dissections The Oyster Box is one of the best places in the city for sundowners
Mashable  -- UPDATE 11:30 a.m. ET : Verizon has posted a Twitter message saying , "  4G LTE up and running . Thank you for your patience . " Verizon 's LTE network has been having some major issues in the past 24 hours , and the company has issued an official statement about the problem , promising a fix as soon as possible . Luckily , while the 4G portion of Verizon 's data communication has been unavailable , the 3G network is working . According to Verizon , 4G LTE Smartphones should still be able to make calls , but customers are currently unable to activate any 4G LTE devices . Mashable.com : Verizon showcases 4G LTE devices and software Verizon claims it has determined the cause of the 4G LTE network connection issue , and is "  continuing to work to restore connections . " Meanwhile , Engadget reports that Verizon has postponed the launch of Samsung Droid Charge , which is hardly surprising as it is also an LTE device . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Verizon 's LTE network experiences major issues in the past 24 hours While the 4G portion has been down , 3G is working Customers were unable to activate any 4G LTE devices
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa took his first Moto GP win of the season after teammate Casey Stoner crashed on the final lap at the German MotoGP . Defending world champion Stoner was battling with his Repsol Honda colleague Pedrosa at the Sachsenring before sliding off his bike prior to the final few corners . The Australian 's error handed Jorge Lorenzo second place and means he now leads the world championship standings by 16 points from Pedrosa . Stoner slipped to third and was distraught to have thrown away a winning position . He told the BBC : "  I 'm pretty disappointed , I had planned to go for my ` win or bin ' effort in the last corner not that one ! "  I felt confident but as soon as I tried to turn in a little more , the front went . I was already off the brakes and not in the hard braking area , as soon as I eased of the brakes I guess the weight came off the front and down I went . "  I 'm frustrated I was n't allowed to get up and try and score some points , the bike was perfect , but the marshals pushed me away . "  If we can continue this momentum for the rest of the season then we should n't be so worried for the championship . " It was Pedrosa 's third consecutive German MotoGP victory and he was quickest off the blocks , beating Stoner , who started on pole , to the first corner from third spot . Stoner did reclaim the lead by the end of the opening lap and as the race went on , the pair pulled away from Lorenzo who was a full eight seconds back . But Stoner lost his front wheel going into to one of the final turns and ended up unhurt on the gravel , ensuring a smooth last few corners for Pedrosa . After the race the Spaniard told reporters : "  At the start I was n't comfortable because of changes to my bike . As I became used to all the changes I passed Casey , and was feeling good . "  Towards the end I had to fight for the win , on the last lap I was racing at my maximum . " The next race on the MotoGP calendar takes place in Italy on July 15 . MotoGP standings : 1 . Jorge Lorenzo  Spa  Yamaha 160 points 2 . Dani Pedrosa  Spa  Honda 146 points 3 . Casey Stoner  Aus  Honda 140 points 4 . Andrea Dovizioso  Ita  Yamaha 92 points 5 . Cal Crutchlow  GBR  Yamaha 85 points	Dani Pedrosa takes his first Moto GP win of the season in Germany Defending world champion Casey Stoner crashes out on final lap Jorge Lorenzo finishes second and leads championship by 14 points
Cap-Haitien , Haiti  CNN  -- Haiti reported more cholera deaths Wednesday as chaos reigned in this country 's second-largest city , and cases among people who had traveled from Haiti were reported in Florida and the Dominican Republic . At least six people were wounded in related violence in Haiti . Photos : Cholera in Haiti The cholera-infected woman who had recently traveled from Haiti to Florida was recovering , the Florida Department of Health said . Her case was identified through the state 's disease surveillance system and sent to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , where it was confirmed , the state health department said . Florida , home to about 241,000 Haiti-born residents , has asked local health care providers to watch for people who become sick or show symptoms of cholera after returning from travel to Haiti . "  We are working with our health care partners to ensure appropriate care of this individual and prevent the spread of this disease within the community , " said State Surgeon General Ana Viamonte Ros . "  We will continue to monitor the state for any future cases . " The first confirmed case in the Dominican Republic was a 32-year-old Haitian construction worker who returned Friday from Haiti with symptoms of the illness , the health ministry said Tuesday night . The man , who was vomiting and had diarrhea , was hospitalized in Higuey , near the eastern resort town of Punta Cana , said Health Minister Bautista Rojas Gomez . The man was in stable condition , according to the newspaper El Nacional . According to data provided by the Caribbean countries , the Dominican Republic is the second-most popular Caribbean destination for American tourists , only behind Cancun , Mexico . More than 900,000 Americans have visited the island through August of this year . However , tourism and public health experts said that at the moment , the risk to tourists in the Dominican Republic were minimal . Neither case was a surprise , said Dr. Jordan Tappero , team leader in Haiti for the CDC in Port-au-Prince . "  CDC has been expecting to see cholera cases elsewhere in the region , including the United States , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . But he said cholera was unlikely to spread widely in the United States or in the Dominican Republic , since both countries have public health infrastructures -- i.e. , chlorinated drinking water and intact sewage lines -- that are more robust than those in Haiti . In addition , health officials in the Dominican Republic , which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti , have been watching the epidemic spread across Haiti for several weeks , during which they have been preparing by putting into place a surveillance system and educating the populace about what to do if they should come down with symptoms , he said . "  We are very hopeful that the magnitude of the cholera problem in the Dominican Republic will not be on the scale of Haiti , " Tappero said . "  Diligence in public health messaging and people doing the right thing with water and food preparation and managing waste is going to be critical to that success . " In Haiti , the outbreak had claimed 1,110 lives , the health ministry reported Wednesday . Another 18,382 people had been hospitalized with the disease . The hospital death rate was 4.0 percent , far above the 0.0 to 1.0 percent that infectious disease experts said they expect in developed countries . "  It 's telling me that the treatment is not optimal in the hospitals , " said Dr. Eugene Gangarosa , a professor emeritus at the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University in Atlanta . "  It leaves something to be desired . " The risk factors in Haiti make that country "  a perfect storm " for the disease to spread , Gangarosa said . He cited "  a highly susceptible population , crowding , flawed infrastructure and a virulent strain " of the bacteria , which the CDC reported this month as having resistance against some drugs commonly used to fight the infection , though other commonly used drugs -- including tetracycline -- are effective against it . Though a vaccine against cholera exists , "  health authorities generally have mixed feelings because it is expensive , it has some serious limitations and mobilizing the population to get the vaccine is problematic , " Gangarosa said . Aid agencies appealed for calm in the northern port city of Cap-Haitien , where angry demonstrators accused United Nations peacekeepers of starting the outbreak . Residents erected burning barricades , then hid in alleyways and pelted convoys of armored personnel carriers driven by United Nations peacekeepers as they drove past . Cap-Haitien convulsed in a third straight day of violence . At Hopital Universitaire , the city 's main hospital , doctors treated a patient with a gunshot wound on Wednesday afternoon . Soon after , wheelbarrows holding two more patients were rolled into the hospital . One man had an apparent bullet wound to the chest , the other a bullet wound through the leg . "  MINUSTAH shot them , " said a man pushing one of the wheelbarrows and referring to the U.N. forces in Haiti by their acronym . During the night , a medical worker told CNN that the hospital had received three more patients with gunshot wounds . The violence occurred as medical workers struggled to cope with a dramatic increase of patients infected with cholera . At a basketball stadium that has been turned into a makeshift cholera treatment center , Dr. Esther Sterk of the humanitarian group Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF , known in English as Doctors Without Borders  estimated nearly 200 new patients had arrived overnight . At noon , an elderly woman joined the arrivals , her head slumping as she was rolled in a wheelbarrow through the gates of the compound . The stadium was packed with patients on cots , many of them being rehydrated with intravenous fluids . Those patients who did not fit into the main area were being quartered in a hallway underneath the stadium risers . MSF workers said a child died overnight at the stadium . They also said that some patients had been unable to reach the treatment center , their way blocked by protesters who continued to prevent most cars and trucks from traveling the streets of this port city . At one of the burning barricades in the center of town , angry residents chanted in Creole for the United Nations to go away as white U.N. armored-personnel carriers rolled through piles of burning garbage . The United Nations has a peacekeeping force of more than 10,000 foreign police and soldiers deployed in Haiti . The global body has denied Haitian assertions that Nepalese peacekeepers had introduced the cholera bacteria to Haiti . Aid workers said the tense situation on the streets of Cap Haitien was hampering medical and logistical efforts . Aid agencies have suspended clean water projects to slum areas , and canceled flights to deliver soap and other supplies to affected areas , a statement from aid agencies said . Supplies in Cap-Haitien were running out and the medical staff was overwhelmed as cholera mortality numbers climbed , said Nigel Fisher , coordinator for humanitarian action for the United Nations . "  We call upon all involved in these clearly orchestrated demonstrations to stop immediately so national and international partners can continue to save lives with our response to the cholera , " Fisher said . "  Every day we lose means hospitals go without supplies , patients go untreated and people remain ignorant of the danger they are facing . It is vital that everything possible is done to contain this outbreak in Cap-Haitien while we still can -- but this is very difficult in the current environment . " Stefano Zannini , head of the MSF mission in Haiti , said the organization 's medical staff members were able to continue treating patients in Cap-Haitien as they have been for the last 10 days . But , he said , "  it is not an easy environment to work in . " In the capital , Port-au-Prince , Zannini said the number of cases MSF is treating has increased significantly . In the northern slum of Cite Soleil , MSF doctors were seeing 10 times the number of patients than they were seeing last week , he said . MSF has been increasing bed capacity every day and hoped to raise it to 800 by the end of Wednesday , Zannini said . "  It 's not enough , " he said . As capacity rises , so do the number of patients . Meanwhile , the Clinton Foundation announced Wednesday that it has committed $ 1.5 million for cholera response in Haiti . The foundation said in a news release that it plans to partner with Haiti 's health ministry to train 10,000 community public health workers across the country . Also , it will purchase and distribute 10,000 portable treatment packs containing oral hydration salts , soap , aqua tabs , chlorine , hand sanitizer , garbage bags , educational material and stationery . The other $ 500,000 will be spent on a national awareness campaign . "  The recent outbreak of cholera is a devastating development for the people of Haiti , and serves as an important reminder of all that remains to be done in our work to help Haiti build back better after the earthquake , " said former President Bill Clinton . The last cholera epidemic in the Western Hemisphere began in Peru in 1991 and spread to some 16 other countries , from Argentina to Canada , according to the Pan American Health Organization . From 1991 to 1997 , Peru alone saw more than 650,000 cases . A similar pattern in Haiti could produce some 270,000 cases , which means public health officials likely face long-term challenges in Haiti . The United Nations denied an assertion promoted by some Haitians that Nepalese peacekeepers were responsible for starting the cholera outbreak . U.N. statements said the protests may be politically motivated to create insecurity ahead of November 28 elections . Symptoms of cholera , an acute , bacterial illness caused by drinking tainted water , can be mild or even nonexistent . But sometimes they can be severe : leg cramps , profuse watery diarrhea and vomiting , which can cause rapid loss of body fluids and lead to dehydration , shock and death . Journalists Dmitri Foucard and Diulka Perez and CNN 's Ivan Watson , Moni Basu and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	At least 6 people suffered gunshot wounds The Dominican health ministry confirmed its first case of cholera The sickened man is a Haitian worker who just returned from home In Florida , a woman who recently returned from Haiti was sickened
Los Angeles  CNN  Thousands of veterans who are patients at the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System have been waiting months just for an appointment , CNN has learned . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . What 's more , administrators in charge of the massive VA facility in greater Los Angeles may have been hiding wait times , and may have misled Congress on the delays and exactly how long veterans are being forced to wait for care , according to new information obtained by CNN . This revelation means that the scandal over delays in care and wait times for veterans , which embroiled the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs last year and even led to the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki , is apparently not over . And the changes promised by the VA and the Obama administration may not be working . The detailed new evidence comes from the Los Angeles VA 's own internal documents obtained by CNN , and numerous medical and administrative sources confirmed the information . It is particularly significant as the Greater Los Angeles Veterans Medical Center is the nation 's largest VA health care system , caring for hundreds of thousands of U.S. veterans . The VA documents show more than 12,700 appointments , which the VA calls consults , had been waiting more than 90 days to be addressed , as of mid-January . Even new patients seeking care at the Los Angeles VA for the first time can wait months to see a doctor there . Records show on January 15 , more than 1,600 veterans who were new patients were waiting 60 to 90 days for appointments . Another 400 veterans have waited up to six months , and 64 veterans had been waiting six months to a year for their appointments . The documents provided to CNN show the lengthy wait times are still happening , within the last several months , and sources say the backlog is happening even now . And yet last month , the VA 's acting director for the Western region overseeing the Los Angeles VA told Congress that veterans who are new patients there only have to wait a few days for appointments . "  The average wait time for a new patient right now is about four days , " Dr. Skye McDougall , the acting director of the Desert Pacific Healthcare Network , Veterans Health Administration , testified before the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs . But McDougall 's statement is simply not true . According to the Los Angeles VA 's documents dated January 15 , the actual average wait time for new patients at the VA was 48 days . A half-dozen medical and administrative sources inside the LA VA system corroborate these waits . The wait times since then have not changed significantly -- coming down slightly to a wait time of 44 days for new patients as of March 1 , according to another VA document -- and are still roughly 10 times what McDougall testified they were . The delays in appointments are even taking place at Los Angeles clinics for mental health , where documents show more than 300 veterans have been waiting more than 30 , 60 , even 90 days for treatment . At the congressional hearing , McDougall was specifically asked about mental health wait times for new patients , a growing national concern as hundreds of veterans are committing suicide every year . The uncounted : War 's true toll Asked how long the wait time is for mental health at the Los Angeles VA , McDougall testified that the same number -- a four days ' wait for new patients -- applies for mental health . But that is also not true , according to the documents and sources inside the VA who spoke with CNN . A new LA VA chart shows as of March 1 , new mental health patients in Los Angeles are waiting an average 36 days just to get an appointment . Los Angeles VA officials would not talk to CNN about the discrepancies but instead sent a statement saying that the "  Greater Los Angeles and VA nationwide continues to work very hard to get Veterans off waiting lists and into clinics to get the care they have earned and deserve . " The VA sent CNN new "  retrospective data " showing primary care average wait times of four days , specialty care wait times of 7.5 days , and mental health wait times of 2.5 days , as of January . The VA explained that the chart for new patients obtained by CNN "  does not include same day appointments or in some cases same week appointments for those Veterans who need care quickly ... " New patients , the VA told CNN , "  typically account for less than 10 % of all Veteran appointments and are not representative of the whole patient population . " Despite the "  retrospective data , " the real truth , say the sources CNN has interviewed , is reflected in the internal LA VA documents obtained by CNN -- that wait times for many patients at the Los Angeles VA Medical Centers extends into weeks and months and are a serious problem . This news of continuing delays in Los Angeles comes a year after reports of cover-ups and turmoil at the VA , which became a national scandal , where wait times , veterans ' deaths and even secret waiting lists were revealed at VA hospitals across the country . Congress even passed a new law last fall to help veterans get care more quickly , as a direct result of the scandal . And since the scandal , Congress has approved $ 16 billion extra for the VA in an attempt to hire more doctors and nurses and to build more facilities . The VA removed its 14-day scheduling goal to discourage engaging in "  inappropriate scheduling practices , " and President Barack Obama also appointed a new VA secretary , Robert McDonald , last summer . Vets not impressed with VA reforms Sources in the Greater Los Angeles VA say despite the scandal last year , the new secretary , the new laws and all the attention , not much has changed . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Document shows veterans at VA 's largest hospital facing months-long waits for appointments Last month , VA official said average wait time was four days Sources say not much has changed despite reaction after last year 's VA scandal
CNN  -- State and federal authorities are investigating the apparent double homicide of a U.S. Coast Guard member and a civilian shot dead Thursday on an island off Alaska 's coast . It 's possible that the shooter , or shooters , remain at large , according to a Coast Guard statement . "  We 're treating this as a double homicide , " said FBI spokesman Eric Gonzalez . The slayings occurred inside the Coast Guard Communications Station Kodiak . Coast Guard investigators , island police , state troopers and the FBI are investigating the incident . "  We are deeply saddened that we lost two shipmates , " Capt. Jesse Moore said in a news release Thursday . "  This is a rare occurrence , and we are going to do everything possible to ensure we find out exactly what happened . " The victims were identified Friday as Petty Officer 1st Class James Hopkins , an electronics technician , and Richard Belisle , a civilian , who was a retired Coast Guard chief petty officer . "  As an organization with roots in saving lives and a focus on protecting people , this tragic event has shocked us all , " Rear Adm. Thomas Ostebo said . "  My thoughts and prayers are with the victims ' families , their loved ones and the entire Kodiak community . " Their base is on what the city of Kodiak 's website calls the second-largest island in the United States , situated in the Gulf of Alaska about 250 miles southwest of Anchorage . The borough of Kodiak Island has a population of about 13,600 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The Coast Guard facility normally houses about 60 people . "  It 's definitely the topic of conversation right now , " said Cheryl Montgomery , a manager at Henry 's Great Alaskan Restaurant . "  The townspeople are very much on edge here . " Montgomery said that her restaurant remained abuzz Friday with rumors of who may have carried out the shootings , though "  nobody knows what 's actually going on . " "  There 's so many weird and bizarre stories running around right now , " she said . City Manager Aimee Kniaziowski said her office has not been instructed to take additional security precautions . "  We 're just conducting our business until we 're told otherwise , " she said . But the small town is reeling from the loss , she added , calling the killings "  devastating . " An elementary school on Coast Guard property went into lockdown mode Thursday morning after school leaders got a call from military police , and students were restricted to their buildings at six other schools . CNN 's Alta Spells contributed to this report .	NEW : The shooting victims have been identified as a petty officer and a civilian Two Coast Guard members are killed at their station on Kodiak island in the Gulf of Alaska The Coast Guard has given few details , saying it 's trying to find out what happened Schools on Kodiak island were given the all-clear at 1 p.m. , an official says
CNN  -- Another band of frigid weather will blanket the eastern two-thirds of the nation Wednesday , battering states already dealing with record-low temperatures that have been blamed for at least five deaths . The system will bring blistering cold weather and winds across the country , including many states not used to such temperatures . In Florida , Gov. Charlie Crist declared a state of emergency because of the threat to the state 's lucrative crop industry . His order aims to help farmers across the state salvage what they can by lifting weight limits on trucks and allowing them to get already harvested crops out of the cold . In other areas of the country , low temperature records are being broken and are likely to continue to fall . Later this week , the temperature could drop below zero for the first time in St. Louis , Missouri , since 1999 , according to the National Weather Center . Little Rock , Arkansas , could see an actual temperature of 10 degrees and wind chill of 20 below zero on Friday morning , according to the National Weather Service . The high temperature will be in the 20s on Thursday and Friday in Dallas , Texas , where consecutive days that cold have not happened since 1998 , the weather service said . The northern Plains could see wind chills of 20 to 30 below zero through Wednesday , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  Some locations could see temperatures 30 to 40 degrees below normal " on Thursday across parts of the Plains , upper Midwest and Ohio River Valley , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . By Friday morning , afternoon highs will struggle to make it above zero , he said . "  What 's unusual about this is the length of the cold snap , " CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . "  Typically across the South , you 'll get a two - to three-day cold snap , and then temperatures will moderate , " he said . "  But we 're getting reinforcing shot after reinforcing shot , and that pattern does n't look like it wants to break down until at least next week . " Some states were still dealing with the aftermath of the first cold snap . In Atlantic , Iowa , a record set in 1958 was broken when the temperature dropped to minus 29 degrees Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Share your photos , video of winter weather near you Safety officials in Virginia warned children and adults to stay away from frozen ponds and streams . A homeless man was found frozen to death in Kansas City , Missouri , where the temperature was 1 degree Tuesday morning , and Salvation Army officials said they desperately need donations of hats , gloves and socks , CNN affiliate KCTV reported . The temperature is not expected to rise above zero in Kansas City on Friday . A winter storm watch is in effect for Kansas City , where 2 to 4 inches of snow and near-blizzard conditions will be possible on Wednesday afternoon , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . A winter storm watch has also been issued for Memphis , Tennessee , where 2 to 4 inches of snow will be possible from late Wednesday evening into Thursday morning . The northern Plains could see wind chills of 20 to 30 below zero through Wednesday , Myers said . "  Some locations could see temperatures 30 to 40 degrees below normal " on Thursday across parts of the Plains , upper Midwest and Ohio River Valley , Morris said . A winter storm warning for moderate to heavy snowfall was in effect into Tuesday afternoon in parts of northwestern Washington state , northern Idaho , Montana and northern Wyoming , the weather service said . Moderate to heavy snowfall also is possible in much of North Dakota from Tuesday to Wednesday , the weather service said . A dusting of snow will be possible in Atlanta , Georgia , on Thursday , Morris said . At least four cold-related deaths have occurred in Tennessee . One was an 81-year-old Alzheimer 's patient who apparently wandered outside during the night wearing nothing but a bathrobe , police said . John Anderson 's body was found in his driveway Monday morning . The Salvation Army shelter in Lubbock , Texas , is making room to let more people in out of the cold , CNN affiliate KCBD reported . Shelters in Jackson , Mississippi , were reaching capacity , CNN affiliate WLBT reported . New Jerusalem Church in Jackson was opening its doors to help the homeless . "  We had one of the gentlemen tonight who lives under the bridge . ... He 's never been to a shelter , and he said , ` You know , Miss Liza , my bones ca n't handle it anymore , ' " New Jerusalem Church spokesperson Eliza Garcia told WLBT . The frigid air reaches all the way south , jeopardizing berry and citrus crops in Louisiana and Florida . Watch how berry farmers are trying to save their plants Some hard freeze warnings were also in effect in Louisiana and parts of the state could see temperatures drop into the 20s , some of the coldest weather in the area since 1996 , CNN affiliate WWL in New Orleans , Louisiana , reported . Supplies for protecting pipes from freezing were disappearing from area stores , CNN affiliate WDSU reported . It forced some to discuss other options -- like wrapping pipes in newspaper and covering it in plastic , WDSU reported . Hard freeze warnings were in effect Tuesday morning for much of northern Florida and parts of other Gulf Coast states , according to the National Weather Service . "  For Florida , they 're going to see the coldest stretch in 15 to 25 years , " Marciano said . "  They get freezes like this , but they do n't get them for this length of time , and that 's the danger that will probably wear the farmers out . " In Winter Park , Florida , some students found themselves unable to escape the elements even once they got to school -- a faulty air handler left Aloma Elementary School without heat , CNN affiliate WKMG in Orlando reported . Growers are spraying water on their trees to form a protective coating of ice , said Andrew Meadows , spokesman for Florida Citrus Mutual , a trade group representing about 8,000 growers . As long as temperatures do n't drop below 28 degrees for more than four hours , damage should be minimal , he said . However , forecasters say colder air is on the way . "  Tonight 's going to be another anxious night , " Meadows said . "  I 'm sure a lot of growers will be pulling all-nighters . " Farmers in Louisiana such as Eric Morrow told CNN affiliate WDSU in New Orleans they were also waiting anxiously , hoping their strawberry crops do n't get destroyed at the height of the growing season . Charlotte County , Florida , planned to open a cold weather shelter Tuesday evening , CNN affiliate WINK reported . Other counties were taking similar steps . Shoppers at clothing stores were were clearing racks of warm coats , CNN affiliate WKMG in Orlando , Florida , reported . The cold can be lethal to Florida 's tree-dwelling iguana population , too . The reptiles fall into a sort of suspended animation that mimics death when the temperature drops below 40 , but they could indeed die if it stays below 40 for more than three days , according to CNN affiliate WFOR . Lows reached the teens Tuesday morning in parts of Alabama , according to the weather service . Record lows were expected in many areas across the South , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . The Weatherization Trust , a nonprofit group in Omaha , Nebraska , stepped in to help a family whose furnace quit in the midst of the freeze , CNN affiliate KETV reported . Tracy O'Boyle and her family have been using an oven to stay warm , but the nonprofit group has procured a replacement furnace , to be installed by the end of the week , KETV reported . "  We 're just grateful we 're going to get the furnace in a few days , " O'Boyle told KETV . "  We 've already lasted more than a week without one and it 's been really cold . " CNN 's Jim Kavanaugh contributed to this report .	NEW : Florida governor declares state of emergency to protect crops Atlantic , Iowa , breaks record low set in 1958 with minus 29 degree temperature Homeless man found frozen to death in Kansas City , Missouri Winter storm warnings north , hard freeze warnings south
Miami  CNN  -- A satellite whose orbit is degrading will fall back to Earth Friday afternoon , but only some of its pieces will survive the fiery ride through the atmosphere , NASA scientists said Thursday . The pieces are not expected to come down over North America , scientists said , but where they 'll likely land is something NASA expects to narrow down over the next 24 hours . Most of the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite  UARS  is made of aluminum and will burn up on re-entry , NASA said . Of the satellite 's 6 tons , only about half a ton of it will make it back to Earth . The components that wo n't burn are made of stainless steel , titanium and beryllium . NASA has identified 26 pieces they expect to survive , ranging in size from around 10 pounds to hundreds of pounds . Mark Matney of NASA 's Orbital Debris team in Houston told CNN there 's no way to know exactly where those pieces will come down . "  Keep in mind , they wo n't be traveling at those high orbital velocities . As they hit the air they tend to slow down and travel , they 're still traveling fast a few tens to hundreds of miles per hour but no longer those tremendous orbital velocities , " he explained . Because the satellite travels thousands of miles in a matter of minutes as it orbits -- even just before it hits the Earth 's atmosphere -- it will be impossible to pinpoint the exact location the pieces will come down . On top of that , Matney said , the satellite is not stable . "  Part of the problem is the spacecraft is tumbling in unpredictable ways and it is very difficult to very precisely pinpoint where it 's coming down even right before the re-entry . " Because water covers 70 % of the Earth 's surface , NASA believes that most , if not all of the surviving debris will land in water . Even if pieces strike dry land , there 's very little risk any of it will hit people . However , in an abundance of caution , the Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday released an advisory warning pilots about the falling satellite , calling it a potential hazard . "  It is critical that all pilots/flight crew members report any observed falling space debris to the appropriate  air traffic control  facility and include position , altitude , time and direction of debris observed , " the FAA statement said . The FAA said warnings of this sort typically are sent out to pilots concerning specific hazards they may encounter during flights such as air shows , rocket launches , kites and inoperable radio navigational aids . NASA says space debris the size of the UARS components re-enters the atmosphere about once year . Harvard University astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell noted that UARS is far from being the biggest space junk to come back . "  This is nothing like the old Skylab scare of the '70s when you had a 70-ton space station crashing out of the sky . So , I agree with the folks in Houston . It 's nothing to be worried about , " McDowell said . Pieces of Skylab came down in western Australia in 1979 . The only wild card McDowell sees is if somehow a chunk hits a populated area . "  If the thing happens to come down in a city , that would be bad . The chances of it causing extensive damage or injuring someone are much higher . " NASA says once the debris hits the atmosphere 50 miles up , it will take only a matter of minutes before the surviving pieces hit the Earth . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Pieces of the satellite will crash back to Earth Friday NASA ca n't predict the exact location of where they 'll hit In 1979 , Skylab fell from orbit and some pieces hit Australia
A restaurant manager died and one of his employees remained hospitalized after inhaling carbon monoxide at a Long Island mall , authorities said Sunday . Another 26 people were treated and released after the incident , according to hospitals . Police and emergency crews rushed to Walt Whitman Shops in Huntington Station , New York , on Saturday night after reports that a woman had collapsed in the basement of Legal Sea Foods . Once they arrived , they felt dizzy as well and determined that the cause was carbon monoxide poisoning , said police in Suffolk County , New York . "  Police evacuated the restaurant and found the manager , Steven Nelson , 55 , of Copiague , unconscious in the basement , " a statement said . "  He was transported to Huntington Hospital where he was pronounced dead . " A sign on the restaurant 's door Sunday said the building has been condemned as being unsafe and unfit for human habitation . Investigators found a leak in the flue pipe of the water heater , said A.J. Carter , a spokesman for the town of Huntington . Authorities sent the restaurant a summons for faulty equipment , which carries a fine of up to $ 2,000 , Carter said . Colorless , odorless carbon monoxide is produced by the incomplete combustion of fossil fuels like oil and natural gas . The restaurant did n't have a carbon monoxide detector . State fire codes require them only in establishments where people sleep , Carter said . Legal Sea Foods is subject to annual inspection , and there were no issues when a town official inspected the restaurant in March . The restaurant was scheduled for another inspection at the end of next month . The restaurant and surrounding businesses were evacuated as a precaution Saturday , but authorities said the carbon monoxide appeared limited to the basement of the restaurant . National Grid , the restaurant 's natural gas provider , shut off a gas line shared by Panera Bread and Legal Sea Foods as a precaution , Carter said . Before either restaurant can reopen , he said , they 'll have to get plumbers to check for leaks and receive certification from the town 's plumbing inspector . Boston-based Legal Sea Foods offered its condolences to Nelson 's family and said it planned to check safety at all of its restaurants as a result of the incident . "  The terrible tragedy highlights the inadequacy of the codes for carbon monoxide detectors in commercial spaces . In the wake of Saturday night 's tragic events , I have instructed our operations team to conduct an exhaustive safety check at all our restaurants . This includes not only ensuring that we meet local codes as we did in Huntington , but putting a plan in place to exceed them in order to safeguard everyone , " Legal Sea Foods CEO Roger Berkowitz said in a written statement . "  Stronger safety measures must be put in place , and I pledge to be at the forefront of this effort . " Grief counselors will be meeting with the restaurant 's associates , and their family and friends , Berkowitz said . "  Steve 's tragic death is a shock to all of us at Legal Sea Foods , " he said . "  He was one of the finest people we 've ever had the pleasure of working with . "	Legal Sea Foods CEO : "  Stronger safety measures must be put in place " Town official says investigators found a leak in water heater 's flue pipe 27 people were hospitalized after the incident Police and ambulance crews felt dizzy as well
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was hospitalized Thursday after falling ill in her chambers , the court confirmed . Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg became ill in her chambers on Thursday . Ginsburg , 76 , felt faint , light-headed and fatigued about 4:50 p.m. , around an hour after receiving a treatment for iron deficiency , the court said in a statement . She was monitored by an in-house physician , who performed blood tests and found her to be in stable health . Her symptoms improved , though she was taken to the Washington Hospital Center as a precaution at about 7:45 p.m. , according to the court statement . Ginsburg had surgery in February for pancreatic cancer . She termed the removal of her cancer "  successful " and was back on the bench 18 days later when the high court resumed oral arguments . Ginsburg , who was appointed by President Clinton , has been on the Supreme Court since 1993 . She was the second woman appointed to the court .	Ruth Bader Ginsburg feels faint , light-headed and fatigued about 4:50 p.m. The 76-year-old Supreme Court Justice had treatment for iron deficiency hour earlier She 's sent to Washington Hospital Center as a precaution at about 7:45 p.m.
Madrid  CNN  -- He 's fast on the football field but apparently even faster behind the wheel . Real Madrid star striker Karim Benzema was clocked driving 216 kilometers per hour  about 134 mph  -- more than double the speed limit -- before dawn on February 3 on a Madrid highway , and he could lose his license for at least a year , a Traffic Directorate spokeswoman told CNN . Civil Guard vehicles clocked and photographed the alleged speeding offense of Benzema in a 100 kph  62 mph  zone on the M40 ring road in western Madrid , said the spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . Benzema was driving an Audi . The company is an official sponsor of Real Madrid , and all players on the first team have an Audi at their disposal , a Real Madrid spokesman said . The Civil Guard radar trap consisted of two sets of vehicles , one on the highway with a radar camera , which Benzema passed quickly , and a second down the road . Authorities did not immediately pursue Benzema , because of darkness and safety concerns for other drivers . But they did get the license plate number and later tracked the vehicle to him , the traffic spokeswoman said . The incident occurred hours after Real Madrid suffered an unexpected loss to Granada in a league match , on the evening of February 2 . Real Madrid would not comment on the incident other than to say that club policy lets the player directly handle a traffic violation . Spanish media reported that Benzema , 25 , a French international , made an initial appearance before an investigating magistrate Thursday . The sanctions could include losing his driver 's license for one to four years . In addition , he could receive up to six months in jail , a fine , or several weeks or months of community service , the traffic spokeswoman said . Benzema did not play in Real Madrid 's victory over archrivals FC Barcelona last Tuesday in the semifinals of Spain 's Copa de Rey , or King 's Cup , but the club spokesman said that was a decision of coach Jose Mourinho and was unrelated to the alleged traffic violation . Some Spanish media reported that a second vehicle was speeding alongside Benzema 's that night , but the traffic spokeswoman said Civil Guards are aware of only the vehicle that Benzema was driving .	Police say Karim Benzema was clocked at 216 kph in a 100-kph zone on a Madrid highway Authorities did not immediately pursue Benzema because of safety concerns , police say They say they tracked him down using the vehicle 's license plate He could lose his license for at least a year , be jailed or fined , or face community service
RollingStone.com  -- It was surprising enough to see Bruce Springsteen performing Willow Smith 's "  Whip My Hair " with Jimmy Fallon  as Neil Young  earlier this week -- let alone doing it as his bearded 1970s self . Fallon tells Rolling Stone how it all came together . "  We have a great writer , Mike Dicenzo , " Fallon says . "  It was his idea to do the Neil Young -LSB- parody -RSB- , and ` Fresh Prince of Bel-Air ' and ` Pants on the Ground . ' We were tryin ' to think of -LSB- another one -RSB- , and he was like , ` Dude , I think I found the song : we should do ` Whip My Hair ' by Willow Smith . ' And I listened to the song and went , ` Oh my God , it could be great . ' "  We were just gon na do that as Neil , but in the meantime , we 'd been talking to -LSB- Springsteen manager -RSB- Jon Landau . I know he 'd loved the -LSB- "  Glee " / "  Born to Run " -RSB- Emmy opening . They called us up and said , ` Bruce wants to come on and do a couple songs off the box set and the new record . ' I was like , ` Oh my God -- would he be up for a bit ? ' We did n't hear back for a couple days , but they said , ` Yeah , he 'd be open to it -- he 's not really into that stuff , but if you wan na pitch him something . ' "  So we did a scratch track in my office , sent it to Bruce -- and he loved it . He was like , ` I 'm in ! ' And then Jon Landau -- this is the craziest call -- says , ' I have an idea : If Jimmy 's being Neil from the '70s , maybe Bruce should be Bruce from the '70s ? We 'll get a beard ... ' And I was like , ` What ? ' So he says , ` Here 's his number , give him a call and talk about it . ' " Exclusive listen : Fifteen Bruce Springsteen songs Fast-forward to Bruce and Jimmy in the makeup room . "  He brought his actual sunglasses from the "  Born to Run " times , and he goes , ' I got the glasses , I just need a floppy hat . ' We got him one , and we taped this beard on him , and he goes , ` Wow , that 's it right there . ' And I go , ` Do you want to put the wig on ? ' And he 's laughing , ` What are you trying to do to me ?! ' There was no one else in the room . I go , ` Let me shut the door . It 's just me and you . Just put the wig on , and we see if it looks good . ' He was so sad ! So I put a wig on Bruce Springsteen , and then he put the hat over the wig and looked in the mirror , and he was just like , ` Whoa . ' And that was it . He looked exactly like he looked in 1970 . It was spooky . "  So then we went to show Jon what we did , and I think he started -LSB- tearing -RSB- up a little bit , to be honest . He was just , like , ` Gosh , Bruce , you look like when we first started working together . That 's crazy ! ' Like , when would he ever do -LSB- something like -RSB- this ? You do n't dress up as yourself at home . It was a really cool moment . Check out the exclusive Rolling Stone Q&A with Springsteen "  Right before he was about to come out I heard applause backstage in the hallway -- I was like , ` What was that ? ' And said , ` He just walked into everyone from his camp . ' No one had seen him yet , just Jon , and people freaked out . They were like , ` Oh my God , Bruce , you look so young . ' Everyone was getting nostalgic . "  One of my friends who was at the show was like , ` I 'm the biggest Bruce fan . There 's no way he would do that ! ' It was just so fun . He just went for it and nailed it , and all I kept saying in my head was , ` Keep a straight face ... keep straight face . ' "  I 've listened to it probably 10 times already . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Springsteen performed as his bearded 1970s self with Jimmy Fallon "  He brought his actual sunglasses from the ` Born to Run ' times , " Fallon says "  He looked exactly like he looked in 1970 . It was spooky , " Fallon added
CNN  -- The Arab League formally recognized the new National Coalition Forces of the Syrian Revolution , state media in Qatar reported Monday . Various opposition groups agreed to form the new coalition Sunday . State-run news agency QNA reported the 22-member body approved the resolution to recognize the group , which unites Syrian opposition factions . Algeria and Iraq abstained from some of the provisions of the measure , said Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani , the prime minister of Qatar . Father : Syrian government denies holding missing journalist Al-Thani disputed that there was any difference in the position of the Arab League 's vote and that of the Gulf Cooperation Council , a six-member group . "  That claim is absolutely untrue , and the position of the two parties is identical " except for Algeria 's and Iraq 's reluctance to fully support the measure , QNA reported al-Thani as saying . Opposition forces in Syria have not had a unified vision for the country or single military plan to oust President Bashar al-Assad during the nearly two years of civil war . So the United States and Arab nations pressured the groups to get on the same page . After U.S. election , new push on Syria Syrian opposition factions formally agreed Sunday in Doha , Qatar , to unite as the new National Coalition Forces of the Syrian Revolution , a spokesman for the Syrian National Council told CNN . First , the group agreed that they want al-Assad gone and that no one would talk with his regime . The only option , they concluded , is a totally new government , spokesman Mohammed Dugham said . SNC member Ahmed Muaz al-Khatib was selected chairman of the coalition . He is a former Sunni imam of the historic Ummayad mosque in Damascus . He has been detained at least three times since March 2011 , most recently in April , according to a Facebook page created to promote his release . After his latest release he left the country , the page said . The new vice presidents are Riad Seif , a prominent dissident and businessman from Damascus who served in the Syrian parliament as an independent , and Suhair Atassi , who is from a prominent Syrian family and is well-known for being outspoken against the government . She has also been an advocate for women 's rights , calling the civil war a revolution for equality . Al-Assad has his own group called the Syrian Human Rights Network . It accuses those who met to hash out the agreement -- and the countries who supported the meeting -- of sponsoring terrorism . Al-Assad has consistently refused to acknowledge the civil war in Syria , saying repeatedly his government is fighting foreign-backed "  terrorists " bent on destabilizing the nation . In other developments regarding Syria : Israel : We can not intervene Israeli President Shimon Peres played down his nation 's response to the mortars from Syria that hit the Golan Heights , territory Israel has occupied for nearly four decades . "  The bloodshed which I regret so much in Syria has nothing to do with Israel , nothing whatsoever , " Peres said in an interview with CNN on Monday . "  As an Israeli watching what has happened in Syria , I can hardly stand to see babies being killed by tanks of their own government . But we can not intervene . " Israel returned fire in the direction that the mortars came from , marking the first exchange of fire with Syria between Israel and the war-torn country since the 1973 Yom Kippur War . "  We never took an initiative to fire , " Peres said . "  And we do n't take any advantage of the civil war in Syria . We do n't consider that we should or can intervene . " He added , however , that "  if they want to have an additional war ... well , that 's their choice . " The Israeli Defense Forces reported that there was no damage and no injuries , but the latest fire portends how what 's happening in Syria could seriously rattle the entire region . The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control . It is home to 41,000 residents , including Jews , Druze and Alawites . Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war , and it was eventually annexed . In addition to returning fire , Israel filed a complaint with the United Nations forces operating in the area . Fire coming from Syria into Israel "  will not be tolerated and shall be responded to with severity , " the complaint said , according to Israeli military sources . Israeli Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich said she does n't think the fire from Syria into Israel was intentional . "  We interpret it as ... leaks into Israel territory , " she said . "  It 's totally internal conflict in Syria . We believe that Israel is not the target here . We are looking at either stray bullets or stray mortars . " Peres said he hopes Syria wo n't make the same mistake again . Syria "  must understand their own limitations , " he said . "  But if it ever happens , we shall defend ourselves -- that 's what I can say . I do n't want to exaggerate and to make great declarations and bellicose interests . " Peres continued , "  No , we are not interested . We understand that Syria has enough problems of their own . And it does n't give us again any pleasure . But if they endanger our lives , we shall defend ourselves . That 's what I can say in a certain manner . And I do n't want to fire declarations because I do n't like fire -- unnecessarily anyway . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon reacted with a statement Sunday saying he "  is deeply concerned by the potential for escalation . " "  He calls for the utmost restraint and urges Syria and Israel to uphold the Disengagement Agreement , respect their mutual obligations , and halt firing of any kind across the cease-fire line , " the U.N. statement said . Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , told CNN Sunday that "  a greater possibility " from the exchange of fire "  is the inundation of refugees -- Christian , Druze , Alawites . " "  We 'd give them refuge , " Oren said . "  These are populations with which we have good relations . It 's not unprecedented . We 've been prepared for it for a long time , but it has n't happened . " Peres , asked whether Israel would accept refugees from Syria , said : "  There are 24 Arab countries . There is one Jewish country . There are places . They speak Arabic . They are Muslims . Why should they come to Israel ? " He noted that there are Muslims in Israel , "  and we respect the Muslims here . They are our citizens . " But , he said , "  to add more does n't make sense . There is a huge Arab world . Israel is ... of the space of the Middle East . ... They want to be Muslims . They want to be nations . Why create an artificial problem ? What for ? " The solution , he said , is "  to stop the war and not create more refugees . " Sunday 's incident in the Golan Heights area is the fourth U.N. complaint Israel has filed . So far no one has been injured . Syrian tanks entered the Golan Heights demilitarized zone last week and fired into Syria ; bullets fired at the tanks in response struck an Israeli military vehicle in part of the Golan Heights that Israel claims as its own . Mortars also fell in part of the Golan that Israel considers its territory . Attacks across Syria At least 155 people were found dead across Syria Monday after 90 people were killed Sunday , the LCC reported . More than 35,000 people are believed to have been killed in the fighting that began in March 2011 , and more than 400,000 people have been displaced , according to opposition and U.N. estimates . Israeli airstrikes hit targets in Gaza CNN 's Sara Sidner , Kareem Khadder and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Algeria and Iraq did n't fully support the resolution recognizing new group Syrian opposition groups officially agreed on Sunday to a united front to oppose al-Assad President Shimon Peres says fire from Syria has "  nothing to do with Israel " After a mortar shell , Israel fires back and lodges a complaint with the United Nations
CNN  -- Little of the Berlin Wall survives today in the German capital . The onetime barrier between East and West has been torn down , chipped away or auctioned off . Between 1961 and 1989 , the formidable East German fortification stood 156.4 kilometers long , fully encircling what was then West Berlin . Nowadays , the longest surviving stretch , the East Side Gallery on Berlin 's MÃ 1/4 hlenstrasse , extends about 1.3 kilometers and can be seen in its entirety on foot within 20 minutes . After reunification of the two Germanys , 65 cranes , 175 trucks and 13 bulldozers were deployed to remove the barrier in the inner city by the end of 1990 and in the outer city by 1992 , according to the "  Berlin Wall Story , " a chronicle of the 204,100-ton monument written by Hans-Hermann Hertle . More than 40,000 segments were crushed to make materials largely for building roads , but some survived intact . They were auctioned as art objects , purchased or donated to museums and institutions around the world , such as the Imperial War Museum in London and Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in California . However , a few segments of the Berlin Wall have over time ended up in some unexpected locations . Main Street Station Casino , Brewery and Hotel , Las Vegas Perhaps the most surprising Wall location on this list is a men 's bathroom at a Las Vegas casino -- the Main Street Station Casino has been home to a portion of Berlin Wall for about 20 years . Three urinals are mounted onto the graffiti-bearing concrete slab , which stands approximately three meters wide and 1.8 meters tall . The wall itself is protected by glass . It 's unclear who brought this segment to its dubious location . According to Boyd Gaming Corporation , which owns Main Street Station , the Wall was already in the bathroom when the company purchased the property in the 1990s from another casino that went bankrupt before opening . "  Berlin Wall is one of the more popular items for sightseers at Main Street Station , " says Boyd spokesman David Strow . He adds that the casino had to renovate the bathroom a few years ago due to "  the unusual amount of traffic it gets . " Female visitors can ask a security guard to escort them into the bathroom when it 's empty to take a look . At the Wall . Main Street Station Casino , 200 N. Main St. , Las Vegas ; +1 800 713 8933 Perfil Group building , Buenos Aires A row of Berlin Wall segments can be found in the Buenos Aires office lobby of the Argentinian news company Perfil Group . The Perfil Group bought a total of 20 Berlin Wall segments in 1991 . The company 's website says it bought the Wall for its significance as a symbol of freedom . As such , it is "  true to the spirit of a news company who exercises the right of freedom . " 253-271 Peru St. , Edificio Perfil , Buenos Aires Schengen , Luxembourg The village of Schengen in southeast Luxembourg has fewer than 2,000 residents , but a segment of the Wall was put up to herald its place in European history . The Schengen Agreement  now consisting of 26 European countries  was signed here in 1985 to grant citizens of its member states free travel without border checks . Together with the opening of the European Museum , the Wall segment was erected to mark the 25th anniversary of the agreement . The 2.8-meter-high and 1.2-meter-wide remnant stands in front of the European Museum "  as a symbol of a border that does not exist anymore , " according to Martina Kneip , manager of the European Centre and European Museum in Schengen . European Museum , Rue Robert Goebbels , Schengen ; +352 26 66 58 10 Wilshire Boulevard , Los Angeles The longest stretch of Berlin Wall in the United States stands in front of the Variety Building on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles . The 25-ton structure measures 3.7 meters in height and 11.6 meters in width and consists of 10 segments . Murals on four segments of the Wall are original works from the Berlin Wall-era , including a green bear painted by a street artist known as Bimer . Others are recent works created by artists such as RETNA from Los Angeles and Herakut from Germany . The Wende Museum in Los Angeles , a research and education institute that preserves Cold War artifacts and history , brought these segments to Wilshire Boulevard in 2009 with help from the German government and the City of Los Angeles as part of The Wall Project . The museum sponsored the project to "  commemorate the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall and continue the legacy of the Berlin Wall as a concrete canvas for art and political expression , " according to the museum 's founder and executive director Justinian Jampol . These segments were discovered near the former border area of Kreuzberg in Berlin , according to Jampol . Variety Building , 5900 Wilshire Boulevard , Los Angeles Parque Europa , Madrid The 233,000-square-meter Parque Europa on the outskirts of Madrid displays 17 scaled-down replicas of iconic landmarks across Europe , including an original piece of the Berlin Wall . The relic is located in the west end of the park . The segment was given to the park by the town council of TorrejÃ ³ n de Ardoz , the region where Parque Europa is located . A large section of rock near the bottom of the segment is missing , revealing a grid of steel rods . Behind it stands a small model of Berlin 's Brandenburg Gate . For centuries a symbol of the city , the gate was blocked off from West Berlin by the Wall . Parque Europa , Paseo de los Cipreses , TorrejÃ ³ n de Ardoz , Madrid Hilton Anatole , Dallas Two segments of the Berlin Wall are highlights of the 1,606-room Hilton Anatole in Dallas , which hosts a massive art collection of more than a thousand pieces throughout 27 floors . The Wall sections were painted by German artist Jurgen Grosse in 1990 . Each is 3.6 meters tall and 1.2 meters wide . The Wall segments were given to the hotel by a German partner in 1990 and initially placed in the hotel 's garden . In 2011 , the pieces were moved into the hotel 's Trinity Corridor . Hilton Anatole , 2201 N. Stemmons Freeway , Dallas ; +1 214 748 1200 Cheonggyecheon stream , Seoul Since 2005 , three remnants of the Wall have stood in downtown Seoul near Cheonggyecheon stream . They 're part of Berlin Square , an open-air plaza built in 2005 and financed by the City of Berlin , in the hope that it will be a place where Seoul citizens will pray for or consider the reunification of the Korean Peninsula . According to the Korea Times , the pieces of the Wall here stand 3.5 meters tall and 3 meters wide , with one side full of graffiti and the other side blank . The Wall is accompanied by a traditional German-style gas lamp and statue of a blue bear , the symbol of Berlin . Near Jiangtong Bridge , Cheonggyecheon stream , Seoul Western Station , Brown Line , Chicago In Western station on the Chicago Transit Authority 's Brown Line in the traditionally German Lincoln Square neighborhood stands a 3.6-meter-tall , 1.2-meter-wide portion of the Berlin Wall . The segment was erected in the station on January 19 , 2008 . It was given to the city of Chicago by the Senate and City of Berlin to be displayed "  as a commemorative relic for viewing by the citizens of Chicago and by the public , " according to the CTA . Western station  Brown Line  , 4648 N. Western Ave. , Chicago Vatican Gardens , Vatican City A chunk of the Berlin Wall was transplanted to Vatican City in August 1994 . In the graceful garden where popes have been meditating and relaxing since the 13th century , the Wall is decorated with a painting of St. Michael 's Church . According to ITN Source , former Ferrari motor sport director and team manager of its Formula 1 team , Marco Piccinini , won the portion at an auction in Monte Carlo in 1990 and gave it as a gift it to the Vatican in 1994 . Vatican Gardens , Vatican City Madison Avenue , New York City Suit-sporting office workers tend to overlook the five segments of Berlin Wall standing in Paley Park near 520 Madison Avenue in Manhattan . About six meters long and 3.6 meters high , the stretch was purchased from the German government in 1990 by the park 's owner , Tishman Speyer Properties . Tishman Speyer is also the developer of Sony Center , a large commercial complex in Potsdamer Platz , a former border area in Berlin . Paley Park , near 520 Madison Ave. , New York	After reunification , the Berlin Wall was largely demolished by the city government Pieces were auctioned as art objects , purchased or donated to museums around the world A few segments have over time ended up in some unexpected locations Parts of the Wall can now be seen in a men 's room in a Vegas casino and a news company office in Argentina
CNN  -- David Beckham was upstaged on the day his AC Milan future was finally resolved as teammate Filippo Inzaghi fired a hat-trick in the 3-0 success over Atalanta at the San Siro on Sunday . David Beckham congratulates hat-trick hero Filippo Inzaghi as the San Siro enjoys a double celebration . Milan confirmed in a brief statement a deal had been reached with Los Angeles Galaxy over England international Beckham . "  AC Milan announces that the player David Beckham will remain at the club until June 30 , 2009 , " it read . The 33-year-old midfielder will then return to the United States to play for the Galaxy between July and October . "  I 'm grateful to both clubs for allowing this dream to come true , " Beckham said in a statement posted on www.gazzetta.it . What do think of Beckham 's move to play in the U.S. and Italy ? "  It will enable me to play for Milan and the Galaxy in the same season , with the possibility of been able to keep up my commitments with Major League Soccer and the development of soccer in the United States , something which I 'm very passionate about . " The deal follows weeks of negotiations between the two clubs during which Milan baulked at the size of the transfer fee Galaxy were demanding -- thought to be around # 12million . Galaxy 's chief executive , Tim Lieweke , admits the deal is one which suits both clubs . "  I 'm sorry that it had to go for so long , for him and for us and particularly for the fans , " he told the Los Angeles Times . "  This is a good solution . It allows him to finish the season with Milan . We will see him in July . " Coach Carlo Ancelotti admits Beckham has exceeded all expectations during his first two months as an AC Milan player . "  Beckham has done more than we could have possibly expected from him , " Ancelotti told PA Sport . "  He has settled in very well with the squad and given a huge contribution up to now . "  He is very professional and we are all very , very happy that he is staying . " He added : "  The aim was to keep him until June 30 and we have done that . He is very happy with the solution that has been found and we will make the most of having him now and then we will see . " Sunday 's victory gave Milan a five-point gap over fourth-placed Fiorentina , who lost 2-0 at home to Palermo . Ancelotti said Inzaghi had helped lift the club out of a crisis after their UEFA Cup exit . "  He gave us a real helping hand . It was a tough match and for most of the first half Atalanta caused us problems , " he said . "  Then Pippo 's ability to find the right place to be in allowed us to end the match well . We were in a crisis and now I hope that this result has put an end to the crisis . " Only the top three in Serie A will go straight into next season 's Champions League group stages with the fourth place finisher having to negotiate two qualifying rounds . With his contract uncertainty behind him , Beckham seemed to have a new lease of life and he was even given a free role behind forwards Inzaghi and Pato by Ancelotti . The former England captain dictated the play and helped open the way for Milan to take a seventh-minute lead when Marek Jankulovski firied across goal for the unmarked Inzaghi to score . Milan had to wait until the 71st minute for Inzaghi 's second . He beat the offside trap to latch onto Pato 's chip and take the ball around Consigli before slotting home . Moment 's later Inzaghi was once again in the right place at the right time to tap in Gianluca Zambrotta 's pass from close range . After that Ancelotti took both Inzaghi and Beckham off to give the fans the chance to show their appreciation for both players . There was no change to the top three in Serie A as Inter Milan and Juventus both won on Saturday , 2-0 at Genoa and 1-0 at Torino respectively . Serie A top scorer Marco Di Vaio also scored a hat-trick as Bologna thrashed Sampdoria 3-0 .	Filippo Inzaghi fires hat-trick in Milan 's 3-0 win over Atalanta at the San Siro Double celebration for fans as David Beckham 's Milan future is also resolved Beckham will stay at San Siro for rest of season and the rejoin L.A. Galaxy
CNN  -- A spate of deadly shootings during anti-drug operations in Honduras -- including two in which U.S. agents killed suspects -- is linked to an aggressive new strategy to disrupt a preferred corridor for traffickers . Operation Anvil , as the multinational mission is known , differs from past efforts because of its reliance on military outposts close to the front lines to provide quick responses . It is a strategy reminiscent of counterinsurgency tactics used by the U.S. military on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan . In a two-month span , six people have been killed in the operation , including possibly four innocent civilians . Despite the controversial shootings , American and Honduran officials say they both are happy with their collaboration and consider Operation Anvil -- launched in April -- a success . As of Wednesday , authorities said , they had interdicted five planes , seized about 2,300 kilos of cocaine , and made seven arrests . Firearms , including military assault rifles , have also been seized . "  The amount of drugs seized and the disruption of narcotrafficking routes speak for themselves , " said Jorge Ramon Hernandez Alcerro , the Honduran ambassador to the United States . Meanwhile , critics in Honduras and the United States oppose the law enforcement strategy and question why American agents are killing anyone on foreign soil during peacetime . The latest incident was just after midnight on July 3 , when a plane carrying 900 kilograms of cocaine crashed in northeast Honduras -- not an uncommon occurrence in a region that is among traffickers ' preferred smuggling stopovers . Authorities descended on the scene , and when one of the suspected traffickers aboard the plane allegedly made a threatening move , two Drug Enforcement Agency officers opened fire , agency spokeswoman Barbara Carreno said . The suspect later died . It was the second such incident in a two-week span . On June 23 , a DEA agent shot and killed a suspected trafficker after he reached for a weapon , the agency said . The pair of shootings by DEA agents follow an episode in May in which villagers in the country 's Mosquitia coastal region say Honduran forces aboard American helicopters mistakenly fired on a civilian riverboat , killing four , including two pregnant women . A U.S. official with knowledge of the incident said that the preliminary Honduran investigation , as well as a video of the incident , raises doubts about claims by those on the riverboat that they were innocent victims . The official asked not to be named because the a final report has not been issued . "  I think this is a disheartening sign of the escalation of U.S. involvement in Honduras without clear goals and guidelines , " said Dana Frank , a Honduras expert and history professor at the University of California Santa Cruz . "  There is no clear oversight from Congress over what is going on , " she said . "  It 's not clear under what terms the DEA is there , operating in killings . " Anti-narcotics cooperation between the United States and Central American countries is not new , but Anvil represents a new approach to intercepting smugglers ' aircraft . Oliver Stone film revolves around drug war Anvil 's major innovation is the use of military outposts closer to the drug trafficking routes , known as forward operating locations , for quicker deployment by Honduran police and their DEA advisers . Anvil appears modeled after counterinsurgency tactics used by the United States in Afghanistan and Iraq , but the Hondurans say the suggestion to use the forward operating locations came from them . About 600 American troops are located in Honduras , mostly at Soto Cano Air Base . Officials say they have seen a decreased role in Operation Anvil as the DEA team has stepped up , but a limited number of U.S. troops remain at the forward operating locations . Joint Task Force Bravo , as the U.S. contingent is called , serves "  purely as a support element , providing re-fueling capability , communications infrastructure and medical evacuation capability " at the forward bases , said Lt. Christopher Diaz , the spokesman for the group . The forward operating bases are owned and maintained by the Hondurans , and they have operated them for years , Diaz said . The helicopters used in the operations belong to the U.S. State Department , and are piloted either by Guatemalan military pilots who are on loan , or by U.S. contractors , said Stephen Posivak , spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Honduras . What 's not new is the teamwork between the DEA and vetted Honduran police who participate in the operations , Posivak said . "  This concept is new , but previously there 's been these type of bi-national efforts done by the Honduran government and DEA , " he said . Operation Anvil seeks to track planes entering Honduras , ascertains where they will land , and then sends helicopters out to make arrests , Posivak said . Both governments insist that the DEA agents provide a supporting role only , and that under their rules of engagement are allowed to fire their weapons only in response to a threat . The DEA "  is in Honduras at the request of our government in a support and training capacity , " Hernandez said . The three shooting incidents are the part of Operation Anvil that has received the most attention , but law enforcement aid is just one of the facets of American help . Anvil falls within the larger framework of Central American Regional Security Initiative , or CARSI , which has provided more than half a billion dollars to the region since 2008 . Besides law enforcement efforts , the money goes toward institution building and anti-corruption efforts , Posivak said . Nobelists focus on violence against women in Central America "  It 's not a problem that can be solved by law enforcement alone , " he said . The goal is to address security concerns through all means , he said . U.S. funding for CARSI has increased from $ 60 million in 2008 to an estimated $ 135 million in 2012 . The most controversial of the Anvil-related confrontations has been the May 11 incident near Ahuas in the Mosquitia region . Hilda Lezama , the owner of the boat that was attacked , told reporters last month that she was carrying passengers before dawn when helicopters appeared and opened fire , wounding her and killing four . The State Department , however , has indicated that the Honduran forces were justified in firing in self-defense . DEA agents were present , but did not fire their weapons , officials say . The Honduran government is investigating the incident , but critics do n't believe the government has the capacity to fairly assess itself . "  What happened in Ahuas is unbelievable . They claim they combat crime but they cover up their own crime ? " said Rodolfo Pastor Fasquelle , a Honduran historian and former minister of culture , arts and sports . Pastor is one of 40 Honduran scholars , joined by 300 from outside the country , who signed a letter to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asking that the United States cease all military and police aid until corrupt agencies are cleaned up . For the Americans , "  the collateral damages are related to an equation that supposes that the high price paid to keep drugs from reaching its market is in some way beneficial and worth it . For us who gain no benefit , these costs are unacceptable , " Pastor said . They wrote the letter , he said , because Hondurans are "  fearful of the prospect of militarization without end . " Hernandez , the Honduran ambassador , counters that Operation Anvil and other programs are not military operations , but law enforcement ones . "  These are crime-fighting operations and , as such , entail serious risks for people involved in illicit activities and for the law enforcement agents on the field , " Hernandez said . "  The DEA agents have followed their own rules of engagement and have used arms only when their lives have been threatened . Any loss of life is regrettable ; the security authorities of Honduras have repeatedly alerted the local population of the dangers they incur by participating in this criminal activity . " Given the lack of control by Honduran authorities in the northeastern part of the country , it was inevitable that the United States would play a more direct role in combating drug trafficking there , said Mark Ungar , a professor of political science and criminal justice at Brooklyn College who has studied and worked in Honduras . Drug cartels exert such influence in the region that both law enforcement and civilian government agencies have been corrupted , he said . The corruption is entrenched , with local police , aeronautic agencies , rural logging interests and indigenous groups infiltrated by the cartels . Just as part of the counterinsurgency missions in Afghanistan and Iraq had an element of earning locals ' trust , the same is needed in Honduras , Ungar said . "  It 's not just a matter of seizing planes and catching people in the act , but a matter of gaining trust and understanding how these organizations work , " he said . Drug trafficking through this corridor is not likely to stop until there is an understanding of how deeply entrenched the drug trade is in local communities , he added But the Honduran government is weak , its institutions and police suffer from corruption , and public opinion favors security on the streets more than security in remote parts of the country , Ungar said . These factors are not favorable for long-term success , he said . Posivak , the U.S. embassy spokesman , said Operation Anvil has already proven successful at disrupting criminal organizations . "  We believe these interdictions have had a strong impact , " he said . Why the U.S. ca n't afford to ignore Latin America CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Six people have been killed in three incidents over the past two months in Honduras The incidents happened during the course of Operation Anvil , a joint Honduran-U.S. effort Both countries consider it a successful program against traffickers Critics decry what they call the militarization of the drug war
CNN  -- With more than 2,000 heroes , villains and other characters pulled from the DC Comics universe , the latest in the "  Scribblenauts " video game franchise has created a unique visual experience for gamers and comic fans alike . The new title , "  Scribblenauts Unmasked , " lets Maxwell , the main character in the series , and his sister Lily argue about who the greatest DC hero is : Batman or Superman . Using their unique abilities to create anything they can think of with a magical notepad , the duo enters the DC Universe and becomes involved in the iconic battles from some classic comics . Jeremiah Slaczka , creative director at game developer 5TH Cell , said his team wanted to give players the opportunity to imagine any scenario , which meant creating a lot of DC content . "  Twenty-two different Batmen , 153 different Green Lanterns .  It  would be hard to find a DC character we did n't create , " Slaczka said . "  Every time you play , the content is different . " Although the game does have a central plot line , Maxwell exists in an open-world environment and can visit well-known places like Gotham , Metropolis or the Green Lantern 's home planet of Oa . With Maxwell 's ability to create anything or anyone , Slaczka said , you can even have multiples of the same character on the screen at one time . The DC characters are drawn in the cartoonish Scribblenauts style but retain the powers and abilities fans will recognize from the books . Some of the powers , like Deadman 's ability to possess other characters , will make for interesting gameplay . The toughest character to create ? Larfleeze , or the Orange Lantern , who creates a new version , or "  construct , " of each character he defeats . "  With Larfleeze 's power , the number of characters on the screen can get out of hand really quickly , " Slaczka said . "  You can also create battles between the Green Lantern Corps and the Yellow Lanterns . " More than just heroes and villains , Slaczka said , complementary characters like Lois Lane and new characters like Pandora from "  Trinity War " are included . Slacska said he would n't be surprised to hear about players recreating other comic stories in the game environment . That 's why developers were so meticulous about having as many DC characters available as possible . "  You will be hard-pressed to stump us , " he said . "  Scribblenauts Unmasked : A DC Comics Adventure " is available now for the Wii U , Nintendo 3DS and Windows PC . The game is rated E 10 + for everyone 10 years of age and older due to cartoon violence and comic mischief .	"  Scribblenauts Unmasked " includes more than 2,000 characters from DC comics The games story is a sibling argument over whether Superman or Batman is better It 's an open-world game , with multiple versions of many characters
CNN  -- The African American woman who called Dr. Laura Schlessinger for advice and heard the radio talk show host use the N-word 11 times said Thursday that she was confused and hurt by the call . "  I was calling her to get some help , " Nita Hanson told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  I did not expect to hear the things that she said to me . " Hanson called Schlessinger August 11 , seeking advice on how to deal with racist comments from her white husband 's friends and relatives . The conversation evolved into a discussion on whether it 's appropriate to ever use the N-word , with Schlessinger arguing it 's used on HBO and by black comedians . National furor erupted after Schlessinger ended up using the word 11 times during the five-minute call with Hanson . "  It 's never OK to use that word , " Hanson said . "  I have a problem with Dr. Laura because she 's old enough to know better . She knows where that word came from . " Join the discussion about disparaging words The embattled Schlessinger , 63 , announced Tuesday she will not renew her contract that is up at the end of the year , telling CNN 's "  Larry King Live " she wants to "  regain my First Amendment rights . " Schlessinger apologized for her remarks but Hanson said that was not good enough . "  I think she apologized because she got caught , to be honest with you , " Hanson told CNN . "  At this point , there 's nothing she can do for me . " In announcing her decision "  not to do radio anymore " after being in the business for more than 30 years , Schlessinger said , "  I want to be able to say what 's on my mind and in my heart and what I think is helpful and useful without somebody getting angry or some special-interest group deciding this is a time to silence a voice of dissent . " Hanson said Schlessinger 's offense went beyond using a derogatory word . "  She said I should n't marry outside my race , " Hanson said . Hanson has been married three years and called Schlessinger for advice after she kept hearing her husband 's friends make comments about black people . She listened to Schlessinger 's show all the time and trusted her , Hanson said . "  It 's very hurtful , " Hanson said . Schlessinger told CNN Tuesday that while she was still "  regretful " over the incident , she feels her freedom of speech rights "  have been usurped by angry , hateful groups who do n't want to debate -- they want to eliminate . " "  I decided it was time to move on to other venues where I could say my peace and not have to live in fear anymore , " she said .	Nita Hanson called Laura Schlessinger for advice on racial comments The radio talk-show host ended up using the N-word repeatedly Schlessinger apologized but Hanson says she ought to have known better Schlessinger , 63 , came under fire and said she would end her show
CNN  -- President Barack Obama pressed ahead Saturday with a pledge to sanction Syria and support its rebels by speaking with European leaders by conference call about Damascus ' chemical warfare . Obama 's talk with the leaders of Britain , France , Italy and Germany came before next week 's Group of Eight summit in Northern Ireland . The five leaders discussed "  ways to support a political transition to end the conflict " in Syria , the White House said . British Prime Minister David Cameron told CNN that during the video conference , Obama said further intervention into Syria "  should be done on our own timeline . " "  We have already taken some decisions in that Britain is helping to give technical assistance , training , advice , help , shaping , to the Syrian opposition , and we do that along with the Americans , French and others and will continue to do that , and we will take time to make these decisions with our allies , " Cameron said . One G8 member , Russia , was not part of the call Saturday . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said any attempt to enforce a no-fly zone over Syria using F-16 fighter jets and Patriot missiles from Jordan would violate international law , according to Russian state broadcaster Russia Today . Russian television reported that Lavrov 's comment followed speculation in the media that a no-fly zone could be imposed through the deployment of the missile systems and fighter jets sent by the United States to global military drills in Jordan . Also Saturday , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy announced that he has cut diplomatic ties with Damascus , the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported . "  We have decided to close down the Syrian embassy in Cairo , " Morsy told a conference in support of the Syrian opposition at a Cairo stadium . "  The Egyptian envoy in Damascus will also be withdrawn . " Morsy told CNN in January that he supported calls by people in Syria for President Bashar al-Assad to be tried for war crimes . Meanwhile , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki dismissed media accounts Friday about Obama having decided on establishing a no-fly zone . Those reports are incorrect , she said . U.S. Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes also addressed the matter Friday when he was asked how difficult it would be to establish a no-fly zone . "  In Syria , when you have the situation where regime forces are intermingled with opposition forces , they 're fighting in some instances block by block in cities . That 's not a problem you can solve from the air , " he said . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called again for an on-the-ground investigation into the use of chemical weapons in Syria and asked Damascus to grant a U.N. team long-sought access . "  The validity of any information on the alleged use of chemical weapons can not be ensured without convincing evidence of the chain of custody , " he told reporters in New York . The Russian foreign minister also expressed doubts Saturday that the Syrian regime used chemical weapons against the opposition . Lavrov said that U.S. military aid to the Syrian rebels may lead to an escalation of violence in the country , according to Russian news agency Ria Novosti . The Obama administration has not detailed what military support it plans to give the rebels , but Washington officials have told CNN that support includes arms , ammunition and , possibly , anti-tank weapons . What concerns many about supplying arms to the opposition is that many of the rebel fighters are militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies , the same stripe of militants America has battled in Iraq and Afghanistan . They include the al-Nusra Front , a rebel group with ties to al Qaeda . Friction within al Qaeda ? There were signs Saturday of a schism in al Qaeda 's top leadership over control of al-Nusra . Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , head of al Qaeda in Iraq , may have defied an order from the terror organization 's leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri , to stop trying to claim control of al-Nusra . That 's according to an audio recording purportedly from al-Baghdadi that was posted on jihadist websites and by the SITE Intelligence Group on Saturday . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the recording . In the recording , al-Baghdadi said al Qaeda in Iraq and the al-Nusra Front will operate as one , under the title "  The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . " The Levant is a term that dates back to the 1500s . It was once used to describe the region that today consists of Syria , Lebanon , Jordan , Israel and parts of Iraq . The recording follows a statement released this month by al-Zawahiri that said al Qaeda in Iraq and al-Nusra will operate as separate entities with separate leadership . It 's unclear what al-Baghdadi 's statement means for al-Nusra 's operation in Syria . Meanwhile , rebel and government forces once again clashed at hotspots around Syria on Saturday , with the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reporting 79 dead . Twenty-four of those deaths were in and around Damascus , 17 were in Aleppo province and 12 were in Homs . The rebel army has suffered a number of setbacks in recent weeks that in large part have coincided with the arrival of thousands of Hezbollah Shiite fighters , backed by Lebanon and Iran , to reinforce al-Assad 's forces . After months of gaining ground , the rebels this month lost Qusayr -- one of its strongholds near the Lebanese border -- that was considered essential for its supply route . Syrian forces and Hezbollah fighters have now turned their focus on retaking Aleppo . Black flag over mosque draws scrutiny On Friday , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah criticized Arab networks Al-Arabiya and Al Jazeera for their portrayal of Hezbollah 's involvement in the takeover of the strategically important border city of Qusayr , Syria . When Qusayr fell , a video surfaced online showing Hezbollah fighters raising their black banner over a mosque in Qusayr . A sectarian dispute has arisen over whether the mosque was Sunni or Shiite . Hezbollah is the powerful Lebanese Shiite militia backed by Iran and the Syrian government . In a Friday speech , Nasrallah defended fellow fighters . "  Yes , there were some young men in Qusayr who , yes , I have to admit -- and there is a room to discuss whether this was right or wrong -- the young men may have gotten too excited and overwhelmed by the events when they climbed to the top of a mosque and raised a black flag that had the writing of O Hussein on it , " Nasrallah said . "  The video was then posted online and Arab TV networks like Al-Arabiya , and Al Jazeera grabbed the video and distorted the facts by saying that Hezbollah fighters raised the flag on a Sunni mosque under the pretext that they want their audience to know more . Know what ? They are feeding their audience lies , distortions , fabrications , " Nasrallah said . Shortly after Nasrallah 's speech , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported that "  five rockets fired from the Syrian side of the borders landed in Baalbek city in the Kayyal area that were later followed by four other rockets injuring two Lebanese citizens . " The Kayyal area is predominantly Shiite . Earlier , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that Syrian rebels in Aleppo fired five rockets at Fawaa village in Idlib , which is mostly inhabited by Shiites , and the rebels said in a statement that the shelling on the Shiite village was a response to Nasrallah 's speech . The human rights group could n't say whether the rockets landed in the town or whether there were any casualties . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Pierre Meilhan , Laura Smith-Spark and Igor Krotov contributed to this report .	NEW : Al Qaeda in Iraq leader claims rebel al-Nusra Front part of joint effort Cairo breaks diplomatic ties with Damascus Obama says more intervention "  should be done on our own timeline , " British leader says Russia warns the U.S. against a no-fly zone over Syria
Editor 's note : William Jelani Cobb is Associate Professor of History at Spelman College , and author of the forthcoming "  Change Has Come : Barack Obama and the Meaning of Progress . " He blogs at http://americanexception.com/ William Jelani Cobb says Somalia 's piracy problem was fueled by environmental and political events . CNN  -- The drama of an American ship captain held hostage by Somali pirates led last Sunday 's talk shows . Just hours before Maersk Alabama Capt. Richard Phillips was rescued , the piracy incident was discussed as one of the "  tests " of President Obama that Joe Biden warned about during the campaign . Others wondered whether wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have stretched our military resources too thin to respond effectively to these kinds of provocations . Many expressed outrage at the brand of naval gangsterism that by some estimates generated as much as $ 80 million in 2008 . Clearly this escalating pattern of pirate attacks may soon constitute an international crisis . But what this situation actually reveals is how little we 've learned in the nearly eight years since George W. Bush declared war on terror . Somalia is like Afghanistan in that we had a great deal of interest in the place during the Cold War and more or less forgot about it afterward . The United States supported the government of Said Barre during the 1980s primarily for the same reason we began funneling aid to the Afghan rebels : anticommunism . Barre was a regional counterpoint to the Marxist regime next door in Ethiopia and strategically important enough for his human rights abuses to be tolerated . And like Afghanistan , Somalia quickly fell into disarray after the Cold War ended and the United States cut off support . During the early post-Cold War era , the United States developed a more narrowly defined set of interests and it was common to hear American foreign policy circles express disdain for "  nation-building " projects . But two decades later we continue to deal with the consequences of our abrupt exit from both countries . Our fleeting humanitarian concern with Somalia ended with the downing of two Blackhawk helicopters in 1993 . But that incident actually served as a kind of foreshadowing and highlighted yet another link to Afghanistan : The forces that attacked American troops in Mogadishu were reportedly linked to al Qaeda . The 9/11 attacks and Afghanistan 's role in sheltering al Qaeda should have given us reason to re-examine other regions where similar blowback might take place . In short , we might well have looked at what was going on in Afghanistan after September 11 , 2001 , and seen trouble on the horizon elsewhere . The Somali situation was further complicated by a series of economic and ecological problems that have struck the region in the past decade . In the wake of the government collapse , the Somali coast became a target of illegal commercial fishing . This is a problem across East and Southern Africa but rampant in Somalia . According to one report , some 700 vessels were illegally operating in the region and fishing the local stock to near depletion . As recently as 2006 Somali fishermen complained to the U.N. that illegal fishing was driving them to the brink of economic collapse . To add to the burden , the coast also became a favorite locale for nuclear waste dumping . In 2005 , U.N. officials confirmed that barrels containing illegally dumped nuclear waste had cracked open during the tsunami that year and begun washing ashore . The situation was widely reported by international news outlets with virtually no consequences . No matter what we think of their current methods , it 's impossible to solve the piracy problem without addressing the illegal fishing issue . Somalia lacks a functioning navy -- or government . Similarly , we were not talking about the over-fishing and nuclear waste issues -- to the extent we do talk about them now -- before the Somalis began to respond in kind . These environmental violations will undoubtedly cost lives and the West has more or less ignored Somali pleas . Our intense and highly selective outrage began when the Somalis started targeting commercial vehicles . Faced with this response it 's hard to avoid the conclusion that the Western consumer products , carried by these ships are more valuable than Somali lives . Given the recent history of unstable states like Afghanistan and Iraq , piracy is actually one of the milder problems we could have expected from the region . In a worst-case scenario , the region could become an incubator for terrorist cells or a depot for training international jihadists -- if it has n't already . Resolving this problem will likely involve precisely the kind of nation-building the United States once disdained and are now engaged in with Afghanistan . They amount to the back-end costs of the Cold War . These pirates are not romantic heroes and their actions have generated an entirely different set of problems in Somalia , but they have our attention . In light of this incident we should recognize there are two sets of victims here : innocent workers taken hostage by pirates and those people living along the poisoned and depleted Somali coast who may well see these pirates as heroes . We should also know that part of combating terrorism means addressing the conditions in which it flourishes . Extortion and kidnapping on the high seas is certainly wrong , but by ignoring the dumping of nuclear waste and the threats to the regional food supply , we effectively created a niche for these pirates . And Capt. Phillips ' ordeal is a clear signal that humanitarian concerns are not the soft aspects of foreign policy , but rather the key to protecting our national interests abroad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Jelani Cobb .	William Jelani Cobb : Somalia piracy being seen as test of Obama 's foreign policy He says piracy developed in wake of political and environmental problems Cobb : U.S. cared about Somalia , like Afghanistan , during the Cold War He says U.S. lack of interest in the country helped to let piracy develop
CNN  -- Mark Webber 's second place behind Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in the Japanese Grand Prix sees the Australian stretch his lead in the world title race to 14 points . Fernando Alonso of Ferrari is also still in the championship race after finishing third at Suzuka , but Germany 's Vettel has drawn level on points with him after his superb victory . Alonso keeps second place by virtue of races won , but with three rounds to go the challenge from Red Bull looks ominous . Lewis Hamilton could only finish fifth for McLaren after gearbox problems and has slipped to fourth in the standings , just ahead of reigning world champion and teammate Jenson Button , who claimed fourth . The title race is between the leading five , but Button is now 31 points adrift and his hopes of a successful defense look to be receding . Red Bull have also strengthened their advantage of McLaren in the constructors ' championship with Ferrari in third . The 17th round is being held in Seoul , South Korea , the first F1 race at the new track . Drivers ' Championship  after 16 rounds  : 1 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 220 points 2 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 206 3 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 206 4 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 192 5 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 189 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 128 7 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes 122 8 . Robert Kubica  Pol  Renault 114 9 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes 54 10 . Adrian Sutil  Ger  Force India 47 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . Red Bull 426 points 2 . McLaren 381 3 . Ferrari 334 4 . Mercedes 176 5 . Renault 133 6 . Force India 60 7 . Williams 58 8 . Sauber 37 9 . Toro Rosso 11	Mark Webber extends lead at top of the Formula One world championship race The Australian leads Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel by 14 points Lewis Hamilton slips back to fourth after fifth place at Suzuka circuit Red Bull stretch lead again in constructors ' standings over McLaren
Mashable  -- Apple is investigating several issues with its new iPad 's Wi-Fi connectivity , according to an internal AppleCare document unearthed by MacRumors . According to the document , symptoms include "  intermittent connectivity , slow Wi-Fi speeds " and "  Wi-Fi network not seen " -- all of which sound quite serious . A thread on Apple 's online support forums discussing the issues currently has 712 replies , indicating that the problem is very real . For comparison , a thread about the iPad overheating issue , which was widely discusses in the media , currently has 876 replies . Most of the replies on the thread indicate that the problem affects only the Wi-Fi version of the new iPad and not the 3G model . If the AppleCare document is real , Apple is currently trying to "  capture " and replace iPads which have problems with Wi-Fi connectivity . However , there 's currently no official word from Apple about the issue . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Support forums indicate the new iPad 's Wi-Fi connectivity problem is very real The problem affects only the Wi-Fi version of the new iPad and not the 3G model Apple is trying to "  capture " and replace iPads that have problems with Wi-Fi connectivity
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry issued a warning to women caught driving and anyone engaging in demonstrations Saturday , as activists have called on the country to defy a Saudi de facto ban on women driving . Without outlining how laws would be applied and what punishment might be doled out to offenders , Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry spokesman , Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki said , "  All violations will be dealt with -- whether demonstrations or women driving . " "  Not just on the 26th . Before and after , " added Al-Turki . "  At all times . " Opinion : Give Saudi women the right to drive Meanwhile , several Saudi women supporting the October 26th Women 's Driving Campaign say they received threatening calls Thursday from men claiming to represent the Interior Ministry , according to women 's rights activists who requested anonymity . The callers warned the women not to drive before , on or after Saturday , the activists said . Some of the activists expressed doubt that the callers were actually from the Interior Ministry . Originally , Al-Turki denied any calls were made , but he later contacted CNN to clarify his comments . He said the phone calls were a public relations move the ministry undertook to help some people understand a written statement made Wednesday . Saudi Arabia had released a statement that said , "  Laws will be fully enforced that day . " The statement , which was issued on Saudi Arabia 's official news agency , also said , "  The laws of the Kingdom prohibit activities disturbing the public peace and opening venues to sedition . " Al-Turki told CNN that some women were contacted by the Interior Ministry and were asked to not drive . "  There was absolutely no threat to the women contacted . The communication was made to make sure the women understood the statement , " he told CNN . "  It seemed some people did not understand the statement , and they expressed this publicly in one way or another . " Several supporters of the driving campaign said they did n't believe the government was aiming that statement at female drivers , but at those who might stage protests in a nation where they 're outlawed . Saudi Arabia has tight controls on all gatherings . Al-Turki made it clear the statement applies to both parties . Activist Manal Al-Sharif , who now lives in the United Arab Emirates after being jailed for a week after posting a video of herself driving in 2011 , took it as a positive sign that the government has stated its position on women driving . "  They kept telling the world that the women 's driving issue was one for Saudi society to decide upon , " she said . "  Society is now showing it is supportive of the idea of women driving . The government 's reaction makes it very clear this is not a societal decision . This is a political decision . " She further characterized the government statement as "  clarity . " "  We 've been in the dark for a long time . Now we 're in the light and we know what we 're facing , " she said . Saudi blogger and opinion writer Tamador Alyami , a supporter of the campaign who recently posted a video showing her driving in the city of Jedda , noted that a Twitter account supporting Saudi political prisoners recently "  tweeted a message saying you have to take advantage of this day , that it 's an opportunity to go out there and demonstrate and ask for the rights of the political prisoners . " No traffic law specifically prohibits women from driving in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts there are often interpreted to mean women are not allowed to operate a vehicle . Saudi cleric warns driving could damage women 's ovaries In late September , an online movement was launched urging Saudi women to get behind the wheel . The October 26th Women 's Driving Campaign quickly gained momentum , with its online petition having so far garnered more than 16,000 signatures . In addition , numerous Saudi women have already taken to the streets -- filming themselves driving in various cities , and then uploading those videos to YouTube . The language of the Interior Ministry 's statement "  shows that it was n't really about the 26th of October movement , " Alyami said . "  They 've known about this campaign for a few months and there 's been no attempt to stop  it  . If they 've let it go this far , that should reassure us . " Indeed , many women who have been out driving report having been spotted by traffic police who have n't stopped them . Alyami said she drove her car again on Wednesday to her parents ' house and passed two traffic policemen . "  One of the traffic policemen saw me and did n't stop me . I was scared , but when he just drove by and went away , I felt so happy , so reassured and more determined than ever to go out on the 26th . " Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch each issued a statement calling for an end to the ban . "  It 's past time to address the country 's systemic discrimination ; driving could open roads to reform , " said Rothna Begum , a researcher with Human Rights Watch . Saudi blogger detained , but she 's hopeful about campaign to allow women to drive	Interior Ministry says calls were n't meant as threats Human rights groups call for an end to driving ban Saudi Interior Ministry warns women not to drive , protesters not to demonstrate October 26th Women 's Driving Campaign urges women to get behind wheel
CNN  -- An American aid worker and her Afghan driver who were kidnapped in Afghanistan a month ago are feared dead , according to their aid group . Cyd Mizell had been working on projects designed to help women and families generate income . Meanwhile , two Polish soldiers in the NATO-led force in Afghanistan were killed and one was injured by a roadside bomb , a military said Wednesday . Armed gunmen snatched Cyd Mizell and her driver , Muhammad Hadi , from a residential neighborhood in the southern Kandahar province on January 26 . In a statement on its Web site , Mizell 's organization -- the Asian Rural Life Foundation -- said it was "  deeply grieved to report the apparent deaths . " "  Although we have no confirmation of their deaths , we have received information over the past few days indicating that our two aid workers have been killed , " the statement said . The statement did not say what led the organization to believe that its employees had died . The Kandahar provincial authorities told CNN they could not confirm the report . A spokesman for the Afghanistan Interior Ministry said officials were investigating . "  We are trying to make sure whether it is true or not , " said Zemarai Bashary . "  We can not confirm the death yet because our police do not have any reports regarding that she was killed . " CNN was not able to reach foundation Director Jeff Palmer early Wednesday . And no one answered the phone at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Mizell , 50 , was born in California and grew up in Washington . She joined the foundation three years ago , and in that short time , learned to speak the local language fluently , Palmer has told CNN . The organization runs several projects in the Kandahar area , and also has a presence in about 12 other Asian countries . Mizell traveled around Kandahar in a burqa -- the traditional attire of some Afghan women that covers them from head to toe . At the time of her abduction , Mizell had been working on projects designed to help women and families generate income . She also taught English at a high school and embroidery lessons at a girl 's school , the organization said . "  She went to Afghanistan just as a real concern for the people and the turmoil within the country , and just as far as trying to reach out to women , " friend Tony Rodgers of Acworth , Georgia , told CNN earlier . Rodgers said he had known Mizell for almost two decades . The driver who was kidnapped , Hadi , has been with the organization for two years . He is the father of five children , all under 15 . Soon after the abductions , some 500 to 600 Afghan women gathered at a wedding hall in Kandahar and implored government officials to find Mizell 's captors . No group has taken responsibility for the abductions . Early this month , Mizell 's father , George , issued an appeal to her kidnappers , pleading for his daughter 's release in a statement . "  I 'm confused why my daughter would be taken because she 's a gentle , caring , and respectful person , " he said . "  When we talk to Cyd , she tells us about the friends she 's made and the kindness that 's been shown to her and of her desire to help them . " While a spate of kidnappings have gripped Afghanistan recently -- including the abduction of 23 South Korean Christian aid workers and a German woman last year -- it was the first such abduction for the foundation . Two NATO soldiers killed The deadly roadside bombing took place Tuesday in the Sharan district of Paktika province , along the rugged border with Pakistan . The wounded soldier is being treated at an ISAF medical facility . ISAF , or the International Security Assistance Force , is the NATO-led military force in Afghanistan . "  Our hearts and minds are with the family and other loved ones of the brave soldiers who died on patrol , " said Brig. Gen. Carlos Branco , an ISAF spokesperson . "  These soldiers died honorably , helping bring security to Afghanistan . " Since the conflict began in late 2001 , three Polish troops have died in Afghanistan . The bombing came as a prominent American politician said that the war in Iraq is distracting the United States from what 's happening along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . Sen. Joe Biden , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations committee , on Tuesday called the border region "  the most urgent need in the war on terror " and "  a superhighway for extremists . " The senator from Delaware just returned from Pakistan , where he and Sens. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Chuck Hagel , R-Nebraska , observed the election and also traveled in Afghanistan , India and Turkey . "  The main message I bring back is that Afghanistan is the forgotten war and Pakistan is the neglected frontier , " Biden said at a Capitol Hill news conference . "  Afghanistan is slipping toward failure because it has never been a priority , and it has to become one . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .	NEW : Aid group says it received information indicating that aid workers are dead Cyd Mizell and her driver were abducted in Kandahar province on January 26 Roadside bomb kills two Polish soldiers in the NATO-led force , injures another
New Delhi  CNN  -- Two Italians have been kidnapped by Maoist insurgents in eastern India , the local authorities said Monday , in what is believed to be the first abduction of Westerners in the region . Italian nationals Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo have been held hostage by left-wing rebels in the eastern state of Orissa since Wednesday , said Rajesh Prabhakar Patil , the top administrator of the state 's Kandhamal district . "  As of now , the government has expressed its willingness to negotiate " to secure the Italians ' release , Patil said , noting that the kidnappings came to light Sunday . Anti-Maoist operations , part of a decades-long conflict , have been suspended in the troubled Kandhamal area , and the authorities are in the process of appointing a mediator for talks , he said . It was not immediately clear what the kidnappers were demanding in return for the release of the Italian tourists . Patil said unconfirmed reports from some local journalists had suggested that the fighters wanted government troops to pull out from the region and for charges against their fellow rebels to be withdrawn . "  Demands will be clear and confirmed once talks begin , " he said . Meanwhile , the Indian external affairs ministry has briefed the Italian government about the matter , ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said in a post on Twitter . The Maoist rebels have been battling the Indian government in several eastern states in an insurgency that has resulted in thousands of casualties since the late 1960s . They say they are fighting for the poor and the dispossessed . The authorities have said they suspect the Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities , but also among youth and intellectuals . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people the Maoists call "  class enemies , " the insurgents also are believed to have carried out attacks on infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	The rebels have been holding the two Italians hostage since Wednesday They appear to be the first Westerners kidnapped by the Maoists The Indian government says it is willing to negotiate for their release The Maoists have been fighting against the Indian authorities since the 1960s
San Francisco  CNN  -- The America 's Cup , the most prestigious yachting race in the world and its oldest at 162 years , will seemingly join the aviation age this weekend when a new design of boat sails as fast as 52 mph . The sight of these modern catamarans -- whose mainsail is even called a "  wing " -- has been described as "  flying " sailboats because the hulls will rise out of the water and ride on hydrofoils , moving faster than the wind itself . As one race skipper said in the race 's promotions , "  once the boat foils , it 's like hitting a turbo button in a car . " If this spectacle seems mind-boggling , it 's intended : The America 's Cup is better known for its old-fashioned sailboats -- the sloop , which has one hull with a fabric mainsail -- that in 2007 reached a top average speed of 14 mph , or 12 knots . Now the organizers of America 's Cup -- led by Silicon Valley executive Larry Ellison , whose Oracle team won the last championship in 2010 -- have transformed the sport into "  a new-age speedster " event , designed to draw new audiences to international sport 's oldest trophy , which predates the modern Olympics by 45 years . To lure spectators , the America 's Cup is being held for the first time inshore , not offshore , in San Francisco Bay , where gusty winds and a scenic shoreline are part of a strategy to make the regatta a sensational made-for-TV sport . As to be expected with such grand plans , however , the new America 's Cup is roiling in controversy and concerns that its thrill-seeking is just too deadly . One sailor was killed in May while practicing for the race in the bay aboard the Swedish Artemis Racing team 's boat when it capsized in winds only a little above normal at 25 to 35 mph . Andrew Simpson , 36 , was a double Olympic medalist . The race has a high financial price , too -- scaring off some racers . "  We 've had our issues , we 've had our accidents , we 've had a tragic loss of life , " acknowledged Iain Murray , regatta director of the 2013 America 's Cup . The cost to field a team -- around $ 100 million -- is being blamed for a smaller-than-expected field of challengers . The regatta begins Saturday and could end September 14 at the earliest . Entry requires a specially designed sailboat , called the AC72 , the shorthand for the 72-foot-long America 's Cup catamarans . As such , it has become a billionaire 's pastime to build a boat and assemble a crew . The four boats vying for the Cup -- the smallest fleet in history -- mirror such wealth . Ellison , the world 's fifth richest man , has again funded Oracle Team USA in this year 's finals . Team Artemis of Sweden belongs to Torbjorn Tornqvist , an oil entrepreneur in that country . Italy 's Luna Rossa is backed by the head of the fashion house Prada , Patrizio Bertelli , who is worth $ 6.7 billion . And the New Zealand team is financed by its government and Emirates Airlines as well as other sponsors . Critics say the 21st century marketing strategy of the race tarnishes the grand ol' Cup , founded in 1851 . "  It was big money before . This time it 's mega-money , and that 's one of the failings of this edition of the America 's Cup . This one has just been too expensive for the times and too complicated in terms of the technology needed , " said Jack Griffin , an expert on sail racing who 's regarded as a historian of the America 's Cup . Enthusiasts such as Griffin were expecting as many as 15 teams , including from China , Korea and Australia , to seek the Cup . That number did n't materialize . "  I think people just said this is too hard for me . I ca n't win , " Griffin said . Race officials acknowledge how an expensive sport is getting more expensive , but that 's true for other sport teams , whether it 's baseball or football . "  Well , I think you can look at many sports -- you can look at a NASCAR team , a Formula One team , you can look at a polo team -- you can spend that amount of money on a lot of different teams , " said regatta director Murray . Even so , he said he wished more boats sought this year 's Cup . But the payoff could be legions of newcomers fascinated by speed and technology -- as well as the coastal vistas . America 's Cup sailboats can reach 35 knots , or 40 mph , in winds of almost half that amount , at 18 knots or 21 mph . Hydrofoils reduce drag and boost speed . "  There 's no denying that the hundreds of millions being spent are bringing a new excitement to the sport and perhaps some new fans as the final series of the Cup is about to get underway , " Murray added . A new era is unfurling in sailing , Murray said . Though it 's strongly criticized , Murray defended the modernization of a world classic . "  We have boats sailing around 50 mph -- which is unheard of in the history of sailing , " Murray said . "  The way these guys are pushing these boats , it 's quite remarkable and a huge test of the competency of putting a crew together to race in the America 's Cup . So I look back and say it was the right decision . "	The America 's Cup will feature a new design of boat , a catamaran with hydrofoils The boat can sail 52 mph , "  an unheard of " speed in sailboat racing But fewer teams are entering the race because it 's now so expensive Race organizers defend their strategy to seek new audiences for the race
CNN  -- Juventus were left searching for answers after their unbeaten run was shattered by Fiorentina . The home side staged a renaissance in Florence that the city 's medieval residents would have been proud of as they turned a 2-0 half time deficit into a 4-2 triumph . It was the first loss of the season for Italy 's Serie A champions , Juventus . "  We lost a game that we dominated for 70 minutes , " Juve manager Antonio Conte said on the club 's website . "  We were home and dry and had more than one opportunity to score the third goal . "  Suddenly something strange happened , if I could explain why it would be simple . " Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli was equally baffled : "  I honestly do n't know how to explain what just happened . "  We dominated the game , going close to scoring a third goal , and before we know it we find ourselves 3-2 down . There were n't even signs of a potential Fiorentina comeback . " A first half penalty for Carlos Tevez , who had been brought down by fellow Argentine Gonzalo Rodriguez , and a Paul Pogba strike had given Juventus the lead . Fiorentina 's revival began in the 66th minute when Giuseppe Rossi slotted in a penalty . The American born striker found the back of the net 10 minutes later as he drove the ball beyond Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon . Joaquin caught the away side on the break to add a third for Fiorentina before Rossi wrapped up his hat trick in a stunning 14-minute spell . Fiorentina coach Vincenzo Montella said : "  This is the best result ever . It 's difficult to score against Juve so putting four past them gives us immense satisfaction . " The result saw Juventus drop to third in the table behind Roma and Napoli while Fiorentina are sixth behind Inter Milan . The Milan side were held to a 3-3 draw by Torino in a dramatic match which saw goalkeeper Samir Handanovic sent off after just six minutes . Handanovic was shown the red card after he was judged to have brought down Torino striker Alessio Cerci . Inter were playing their first match since Indonesian tycoon Erick Thohir bought a 70 % share in the club . A win looked to be on the cards only for Torino 's Nicola Bellomo to curl a free kick into the net in the dying moments of the match . Monaco held by Sochaux In France , Monaco also threw away a 2-0 lead to settle for a 2-2 draw away at Sochaux . Belgian Yannick Ferreira Carrasco had fired the Principality side into the lead inside the opening 10 minutes . But Sochaux refused to give up and second half goals from Cedric Bakambu and Joseph Loppy rescued a share of the points . "  I spoke a lot this week about the psychological aspect and after ten minutes I was thinking that was all for nothing , " said Sochaux manager Herve Renard . "  But in football you should never give up , and it was a great reaction . " Monaco coach Claudio Ranieri said his side "  left our concentration in the dressing room " at the break . The result saw Monaco fall two points behind league leaders Paris Saint-Germain . The French champions had beaten Bastia 4-0 Saturday , a result that included a dazzling back heel from Zlatan Ibrahimovic that has been dubbed a "  scorpion " strike .	Juventus stunned by 4-2 defeat at Fiorentina U.S. born Giuseppe Rossi scores a hat trick Serie A champions Juventus slide to third in the table In Ligue 1 , Monaco draw 2-2 at Sochaux
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor touted the benefits of affirmative action in her personal and professional life , telling CNN in an interview that diversity programs helped open new worlds and made her more determined "  not to fail , to work hard , to succeed . " Her sudden fame as the first Latina member of the high court still surprises her . "  I still get chills sometimes when I walk in into this building and when I enter the courtroom to hear a case , " she said on Friday . Sotomayor , 58 , has a new autobiography out this week , "  My Beloved World . " It is a candid and deeply personal account of her early life . She seeks to inspire by revealing often painful chapters in her self-described "  extraordinary journey . " This includes her father 's early death from alcoholism ; a complex , often distant relationship with her mother ; growing up poor in the Bronx projects ; self-doubts about her looks , a brief failed marriage , and her professional path . But her strengths are celebrated , too . Self-reliance to the point of giving herself insulin shots at age 7 , after being diagnosed with diabetes ; her loyalty to a large circle of friends ; and vivid pride in her Puerto Rican heritage . Sotomayor spoke at the Supreme Court with CNN "  Starting Point " anchor Soledad O'Brien and CNN en Espanol 's Juan Carlos Lopez in separate cable-exclusive interviews . Sotomayor was named to the high court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judge in New York . She will formally swear in Vice President Joe Biden during separate inaugural ceremonies on Sunday and Monday . She told CNN the responsibility was "  surreal . " "  I practice everything I do over and over again , and so I have been saying the oath out loud for a couple of weeks now , a couple of times a day . But I wo n't be relying on my memory either , " she said . "  I 'll have a card with me . I like having a security blanket . " Chief Justice John Roberts stumbled when he recited the oath of office to President Barack Obama four years ago , without benefit of a card containing the constitutionally mandated words on it . Roberts will do the honors again , at the president 's invitation . "  I was thinking just a couple of days ago , if I think back when I was a kid -- which of the two would seem more improbable to me , " said Sotomayor of sitting on the high court and swearing-in the vice president . "  I realized each one was so farfetched that I could n't have imagined either . " Her memoir spends a good deal of time discussing being one of the first beneficiaries of affirmative action , when she entered Princeton University in 1972 as one of the few Hispanic and women students at the time . "  It was as if I had landed in a different world , " she told O'Brien . "  It was so foreign to me you really did feel like an alien . " But she succeeded academically , graduating with top honors . "  You ca n't help but feel different , " she said of entering the university and later the legal profession as a minority . "  It makes me sensitive to that , not as a judge , but as a person . Every judge has a different life experience . " The high court is currently deciding whether diversity plans at the University of Texas in Austin unfairly discriminate against white students . She would not talk about that case or any appeal before her . Sotomayor acknowledged that her colleague , Justice Clarence Thomas , takes a different view of his experience as an African-American growing up in the same era . He has spoken of feeling stigmatized , believing many teachers and fellow lawyers were skeptical his accomplishments were earned fairly . He has since questioned the value of his Yale Law School education , the same institution attended by Sotomayor . "  My book talks about the negative aspects " of feeling discriminated and stigmatized herself , Sotomayor said . Through hard work and her own talents , she was able to succeed through every professional step in life , and the justice felt she could always "  hold my head up high . " Her narrative is also revealing about her personal life , especially the decision not to be a mother . "  I get angry when some people say you are less than a woman because you did n't have children , " she told CNN . "  The choices of how you manage your life should be your own . " Sotomayor worried becoming pregnant "  could be compromised by my childhood diabetes . I thought I would regret trying to have children . " Sotomayor admits feeling "  overwhelmed , terrified " sometimes in her role as one of only nine justices , having the final say in important issues like national security and same-sex marriage . So , too , as a role model for millions of young people of all backgrounds . Guiding her is a mixture of self-confidence and quiet anxiety , of "  not wanting to disappoint myself . I set high standards for myself , " she said . "  I was n't born a justice , I work at being a justice . I work at how to be an influential voice . "	Interview keys on release of new autobiography , ` My Beloved World ' Sudden fame as first Latina justice still surprises Sonia Sotomayor Justice discusses personal and professional triumphs , painful moments Sotomayor will swear in Vice President Joe Biden at inaugural
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- The man who shot and killed two American troops in Germany was a recently radicalized Muslim who seems to have been influenced by local radical Islamist websites , a German official said Thursday . Arid Uka told interrogators that his aim was to kill American troops , said Boris Rhein , interior minister of the German state of Hesse , where the shooting took place . Two U.S. airmen were killed and two others were wounded in the attack Wednesday on a U.S. military bus at Frankfurt Airport , authorities say . The 21-year-old man said he was motivated to carry out the attack after seeing a video on the internet the day before , which he claimed showed American soldiers raping Muslim women , according to a German intelligence official who viewed a record of the suspect 's interrogation . The suspect confessed to the shooting , and said that he acted alone with no helpers , the German intelligence official told CNN on Thursday . He was friends on Facebook with several pro-al Qaeda extremists from a group based in Bonn , Germany , that is known to German intelligence officials , according to the official . That included links to an Islamic preacher named Pierre Vogel and someone named Nessery , who was arrested about two months ago in Afghanistan , according to a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the investigation . Current indications are that the suspect radicalized quickly , the German official said . The gunman was a postal worker at the airport , but worked outside the secure area . The U.S. official said that Uka did n't appear to punch into work Wednesday -- having apparently canvassed the area beforehand , helping him get around the extensive uniformed and plain-clothes security that typically patrol the Frankfurt airport . Another U.S. official on Thursday said that Uka was "  not on the radar screen " of American authorities prior to the attack . The suspect is from the northern town of Mitrovica , Kosovo 's interior minister , Bajram Rexhepi , told CNN , citing the U.S. Embassy in Pristina as his source . The U.S. official with knowledge of the probe said Uka was a 1-year-old toddler when he moved to Germany , and that authorities believe Uka 's relatives had suffered in the 1990s during the Serb crackdown on ethnic Albanians . He has passports from both Germany and Yugoslavia , the latter of which was issued prior to Kosovo 's declaration of independence from Serbia in 2008 , Rexhepi said . Uka told interrogators that he lived with his family in high-rise public housing in a poor area of Frankfurt , the German intelligence official said . He said he did not have a friendly relationship with people in the neighborhood and did not interact with others there . He said his father was very strict and harsh with him , according to the official . On Wednesday , he allegedly approached a bus , which was parked outside Terminal 2 and was clearly marked as a U.S. military vehicle , German police said after the shooting . According to a U.S. official , the suspect approached one troop on the curb outside and asked him for a cigarette , only to be rebuffed . He then boarded the vehicle and shot over several rows of backpacks and luggage at troops in the back of the bus . At some point the weapon jammed and the suspect fled , the German official said . He made it into the terminal , where he was taken into custody by German federal police , according to police . The weapon was a 9 mm handgun that was illegally purchased , Rhein said . The bus was occupied by 15 members of the security forces team that was on its way to Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany before deploying to Afghanistan , the spokesman said . One of the dead airmen was a vehicle operator at Ramstein , and the second was part of a security forces team based in the U.K. , an Air Force spokesman said . Zachary Cuddeback was one of those killed , his grandfather , Daniel Cuddeback , told CNN . It 's not clear if he was the vehicle operator or the member of the security forces team . A statement from his family described Cuddeback as a hockey player and "  Army brat " with especially strong roots in Missouri in Virginia who joined the Air Force in 2009 after a year at Old Dominion University . The U.S. Defense Department on Thursday identified the other victim as Senior Airman Nicholas J. Alden , 25 , of Williamston , South Carolina . He had been assigned to the 48th Security Forces Squadron based out of the Lakenheath air base in Great Britain . The two wounded troops were in a Frankfurt hospital , one in critical condition and the other in serious condition , an Air Force spokesman said . These two were security forces who were on their way to a deployment , said a source , who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak publicly about the incident . U.S. President Barack Obama told reporters Wednesday he was "  saddened and outraged " by the attack . "  We will spare no effort in learning how this outrageous attack took place , " he said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said how upset she was by the incident , expressed her condolences to the troops ' families and stressed that Germany will "  do everything we can to try and find out quickly what happened . " FBI agents were on the scene shortly after the shooting occurred , said Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and CNN contributor . The FBI 's main office in Germany is in the capital Berlin , he said , but it has a sub-office in Frankfurt . The offense is a federal crime both in the United States and in Germany , he said , and could be prosecuted in either location , although that will be determined later . However , the investigation will meet U.S. constitutional standards , he said . Authorities will be investigating the suspect 's background and associates , likely subpoenaing telephone and e-mail records , Fuentes said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Barbara Starr , Aaron Cooper and CNN investigative journalist Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : Nicholas Alden , 25 , a senior airman from South Carolina , was killed , the military says The suspect left Kosovo at age 1 and was an ethnic Albania , a U.S. official says Uka allegedly confessed and says he acted alone , a German intelligence official says The suspect fired until his weapon jammed and then fled , a German official says
CNN  -- The Los Angeles coroner has concluded preliminarily that singer Michael Jackson died of an overdose of propofol , a powerful sedative he was given to help him sleep , according to court documents released Monday . A search warrant filed in court showed toxicology reports found propofol in Michael Jackson 's body . Los Angeles coroner Dr. Lakshmanan Sathyavagiswaran reached that preliminary conclusion after reviewing toxicology results carried out on Jackson 's blood , according to a search warrant and affidavit unsealed in Houston , Texas . The affidavit , used to outline probable cause for search warrants of the offices of doctors who are believed to have treated Jackson , disclosed many details of drugs given to Jackson in the weeks before his death . Jackson family lawyer Londell McMillan said the report "  reaffirms the very sad reality that there was a tragic and gross violation of duty and care for Michael Jackson . " The publicist for Jackson 's family said the "  family looks forward to the day that justice can be served . " "  The Jackson family has full confidence in the legal process , and commends the ongoing efforts of the L.A. County Coroner , the L.A. District Attorney and the L.A. Police Department , " the statement said . The Associated Press is quoting a single law enforcement official , who said the L.A. County Coroner ruled Michael Jackson 's death a homicide . The Los Angeles County Coroner 's office told CNN they had "  no comment " on the report . An LAPD spokesman said the story did not come from their department . "  We will not comment on the "  anonymous " law enforcement source that claims that Michael Jackson 's death will be ruled a homicide , " Murray 's lawyer Ed Chernoff said in a statement on his firm 's Web site . "  Most of the reports by "  anonymous " sources have been proven wrong . We will be happy to address the Coroner 's report when it is officially released . " The 32-page warrant said Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's personal physician , told a detective that he had been treating Jackson for insomnia for six weeks . Murray said each night he gave Jackson 50 mg of propofol , also known as Diprivan , diluted with the anesthetic lidocaine via an intravenous drip . Watch what court documents show about Jackson 's last hours " Worried that Jackson may have been becoming addicted to the drug , the Houston cardiologist said he attempted to wean him from it , putting together combinations of other drugs that succeeded in helping Jackson sleep during the two nights prior to his death . On June 22 Murray said he gave Jackson a cocktail of drugs similar to what he gave him on the day he died , June 25 -- propofol , Ativan and Versed , which helped the star fall asleep , according to the documents . On June 23 he gave Jackson only the Ativan and Versed , which helped him sleep . But on June 25 , other drugs failed to do the job , as Murray recounted to detectives in an hour-by-hour account detailed by detective Orlando Martinez of the Los Angeles Police Department : Learn more about the events of the night Jackson died " -- At about 1:30 a.m. , Murray gave Jackson 10 mg of Valium . -- At about 2 a.m. , he injected Jackson with 2 mg of the anti-anxiety drug Ativan . -- At about 3 a.m. , Murray then administered 2 mg of the sedative Versed . -- At about 5 a.m. , he administered another 2 mg of Ativan . -- At about 7:30 a.m. , Murray gave Jackson yet another 2 mg of Versed while monitoring him with a device that measured the oxygen saturation of his blood . -- At about 10:40 a.m. , "  after repeated demands/requests from Jackson , " Murray administered 25 mg of propofol , the document said . "  Jackson finally went to sleep and Murray stated that he remained monitoring him . After approximately 10 minutes , Murray stated he left Jackson 's side to go to the restroom and relieve himself . Murray stated he was out of the room for about two minutes maximum . Upon his return , Murray noticed that Jackson was no longer breathing , " the affidavit said . Efforts at CPR proved fruitless , according to Murray . Shortly after Murray said he found Jackson not breathing , Murray was on the phone with three separate callers starting at 11:18 a.m. and ending at 12:05 p.m. , according to the court documents which cite the doctor 's phone records . "  Murray did n't tell this to anyone when he was interviewed , " the court documents said . Chernoff denied the timeline referenced in the affidavit . "  Much of what was in the search warrant affidavit is factual . However , unfortunately , much is police theory . Most egregiously , the timeline reported by law enforcement was not obtained through interviews with Dr. Murray , as was implied by the affidavit , " the statement said . "  Dr. Murray simply never told investigators that he found Michael Jackson at 11:00 a.m. not breathing . He also never said that he waited a mere 10 minutes before leaving to make several phone calls . In fact , Dr. Murray never said that he left Michael Jackson 's room to make phone calls at all . " The document also cited reports from staff at the University of California at Los Angeles Medical Center , where Jackson 's body was taken , who said Murray "  admitted " to having given Jackson flumazenil to counteract the Ativan . The document lists another five doctors and a nurse practitioner who reportedly treated Jackson . "  Detectives ... believe that the miscellaneous prescriptions , from multiple doctors ... could have contributed to his death , " the document said . "  It can not be determined whether the cause of death is due to the actions of a single night and/or a single doctor , or the grossly negligent treatment of several doctors over an extended period of time . " According to the warrant and affidavit , Murray said he was not the first doctor to give Jackson the powerful anesthetic , which the singer called his "  milk . " The drug has a milky appearance . Jackson also told Murray about two unknown doctors in Germany who gave him propofol , according to documents . Documents show police found eight bottles of propofol inside Jackson 's home . A search of Murray 's doctor bag , which he left at the house the day Jackson died , contained multiple bottles/vials of Lidocaine and several bottles/vials of propofol , Ativan , Versed and Anexate , according to the documents . The affidavit said a search of Jackson 's home revealed "  numerous bottles of medications " at Jackson 's bedside that were prescribed by Murray and two other physicians -- Dr. Allan Metzger and Dr. Arnold Klein . Many of the drugs "  have an indicated or off label use in the treatment of insomnia , " the affidavit said . Metzger 's lawyer told CNN last month that Metzger -- who treated Jackson in 2003 -- refused Jackson 's request in April for a propofol prescription . Klein -- a dermatologist who also was Jackson 's longtime friend -- has insisted he never gave Jackson dangerous drugs . Jackson visited Klein 's Beverly Hills , California , medical office just days before his June 25 death . Murray took the job as Jackson 's personal physician in May , as the pop star was preparing for a series of comeback concerts set to begin in July at London 's O2 arena . Murray told investigators that Jackson would not tell him what drugs other doctors had given him , but he did tell Murray the medicine given to him by Klein and Metzger was not working , the affidavit said . The DEA has been unable to find a record of Dr. Murray purchasing , ordering or obtaining any propofol under his medical license or DEA number , according to the documents . CNN 's Alan Duke and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Murray 's lawyer denies accuracy of police timeline Documents : Doctor gave Valium , Ativan , Versed before propofol Dr. Conrad Murray said he was trying to wean Michael Jackson off propofol Murray claims Jackson demanded propofol when other drugs did n't work
CNN  -- Actor Gary Coleman , who had suffered from a brain hemorrhage from an accident in his home Wednesday , died Friday in a Utah hospital , a hospital spokeswoman said . Family members and close friends were at his side when life support was terminated at 12:05 p.m.  2:05 p.m. ET  , Janet Frank said . Coleman 's wife , Shannon Price , issued a short statement Friday afternoon saying details of how the former child actor died will be made public later . "  Now that Gary has passed , we know he will be missed because of all the love and support shown in the past couple of days , " Coleman 's spokesman , John Alcantar , said in a written statement . "  Gary is now at peace and his memory will be kept in the hearts of those who were entertained by him throughout the years . " Coleman , 42 , was rushed by ambulance to a hospital after the accident in his Santaquin , Utah , home Wednesday , Frank had said in a statement released earlier Friday . Later Wednesday night he was taken to another hospital -- Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo -- where he had been listed in critical condition , she said . While Coleman appeared "  lucid and conscious " Thursday morning , his condition worsened by the afternoon , leaving him unconscious and on life support , she said . Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on TV 's "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . "  There was a touch of magic and a different stroke in Gary Coleman , " said TV legend Norman Lear , who produced the show . "  He was the inspiration behind his show 's title . "	NEW : Coleman 's brain hemorrhage was caused by an accident at home Actor Gary Coleman taken off life support , dies at 42 He is best known for his role as Arnold on "  Diff ` rent Strokes "
Editor 's note : Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a regular contributor to CNN.com . Read his column here . Ruben Navarrette Jr. says "  Latino in America " tells the real story of his community , for better and for worse . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Have you ever seen 47 million people hold their breath and hope for the best ? Take it from this Latino in America , when many of my compadres heard that CNN was putting together a documentary on being "  Latino in America , " that 's pretty much what happened . For those of us in the Latino community who worry that those of us in the media are missing the best and most nuanced stories about America 's largest minority because we 're too busy harping on stereotypes and accentuating the negative -- "  I 'll take an order of high school dropouts , with a side of gangbangers and mix in some gardeners and housekeepers " -- there was a concern that CNN would blow the assignment . At least the cable network had the courage to take it on . Many of its competitors -- ABC , NBC , CBS , etc. -- still broadcast in black-and-white and have n't grasped the absurdity of producing Sunday morning talk shows where journalists and pundits gather for roundtable discussions that touch on Latino issues without a single Latino at the table . Having watched the documentary , which airs October 21-22 , I can see that it 's time to exhale . This is good work . I can also see that the smartest decision network executives made was putting this project in the very capable hands of my Harvard classmate , María de la Soledad Teresa O'Brien -- more commonly known as Soledad O'Brien . The award-winning correspondent -- whose mother is black and Latino , and whose father is Australian with Irish roots -- appears to have understood instantly why many Latinos are leery of projects like this . In a recent essay on CNN.com , O'Brien wrote : "  It was clear that the community felt starved for good solid coverage . No one asked me to do a snow job . Just please do n't reduce us to crime , immigration and racial conflicts , they asked . Folks just did n't want to see their community hurt anymore and were very blunt about it . One afternoon I had lunch with Lupe Ontiveros in Los Angeles , " O'Brien wrote . "  She is a beloved Latina actor who has been reduced to the role of the maid or the nanny in scores of movies . I asked Lupe to be a major character in our documentary , and she offered an enormous amount of assistance . When I left the table she turned to my producer and said bluntly in Spanish , "  Please , just do n't f -- us . " In the end , what you see is n't all cotton candy and lemonade -- or , in this case , churros and chocolate . There are negative images , peppered throughout stories about dropouts , teenage pregnancy , illegal immigration , crime , depression , etc. . But there is also plenty of the positive , and most of the clouds have silver linings . Along the way , we meet "  The Garcias " -- not one family , but a series of different individuals from throughout the country , all of them named "  Garcia . " There 's Isabel Garcia , a fourth-generation Mexican-American immigrants ' rights activist in Arizona , who organized a protest against Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , a media hound who rounds up illegal immigrants and is being investigated by the Justice Department over allegations of racially profiling U.S.-born Hispanics in the process . The protest turns into a piñata party when someone hangs a papier-mâché caricature of Arpaio and protesters whack it with sticks . There 's also Lorena Garcia , a Spanish-language TV chef and businesswoman who some consider the "  Latina Martha Stewart , " who was told to lose her accent and instead has found her language and culture to be assets that help make her unique and successful as she builds her brand . We also meet Bill and Betty Garcia , who moved from New York to North Carolina and now feel disconnected from their culture . He 's from Puerto Rico and she 's from the Dominican Republic , but their sons think of themselves as American . One of them even flunked Spanish in high school . To think that there are still Americans out there who think that Latinos are n't assimilating . In fact , conservative commentator Pat Buchanan insists that not only are Latinos not assimilating at present , but they also never have throughout history . Buchanan is loco . Following the script laid out by the Irish , Italians , Germans and Jews who came before them , Latinos are learning English , having smaller families , starting businesses , moving to the suburbs , joining the PTA and sending their kids to college . Many of them are just -- like the Irish , Germans and Jews who came before them -- trying to find ways to do all that while still preserving their culture and heritage . In the meantime , many of them are in a kind of holding pattern . They 're considered too Mexican or too Cuban or too Puerto Rican to be Americans . And yet at the same time , were they to visit their ancestral homelands , they 'd be considered too American to be Mexican or Cuban or Puerto Rican . For American Latinos , this is the Dickensian era , the best of times and the worst of times . They 're being pursued by Sheriff Joe and by Fortune 500 companies hungry for their slice of an estimated $ 800 billion in annual spending power . Latinos are being told to learn English when , for many , the real challenge is preserving their Spanish . They are in all 50 states , representing 15 percent of the population now and on track to make up as much as 25 percent by 2032 . Meanwhile , with all the issues out there , some Americans still get stuck on the basics of whether they should call us "  Latino " or "  Hispanic " -- or Mexican , Cuban , Puerto Rican . Who cares ? You can call us whatever you want . You just ca n't ignore us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. : 47 million Americans are Latino He says story of their community is told in detail in "  Latino in America " He says Latinos are assimilating in America despite challenges For Latino-Americans , these are the best and worst of times , he says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel declared a German poet persona non grata Sunday in an unusual move that follows a wave of fury over a controversial poem . Published in the German paper SÃ 1/4 ddeutsche Zeitung on Wednesday under the title "  What needs to be said , " the poem by Gunter Grass accused Israel of planning a preemptive strike against Iran in order to "  extinguish the Iranian people . " It said Israel 's "  atomic power endangers " world peace . The poem also criticized the German government for supplying Israel with a submarine capable of sending destructive warheads "  where the existence of a single nuclear bomb is unproven . " The 84-year-old Grass , who won a Nobel Prize in literature in 1999 , is now unwelcome in Israel , the government announced . The poem earned him a blaze of harsh critics that included Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . In a statement published Thursday , Netanyahu referred to Grass ' comparison between Israel and Iran as "  shameful " and argued that it said "  little about Israel and much about Mr. Grass . " "  It is Iran , not Israel , that is a threat to the peace and security of the world " said Netanyahu , "  It is Iran , not Israel , that threatens other states with annihilation . " Referring to Grass ' past as a member of the Nazi Waffen-SS during World War II , Netanyahu said "  it is not surprising " for the poet "  to cast the one and only Jewish state as the greatest threat to world peace and to oppose giving Israel the means to defend itself . " In an effort to quash the criticism and accusations of anti-Semitism , Grass later explained himself in an interview , saying he merely meant to point to what he considers wrongful policies of the current Israeli government led by Netanyahu . "  I criticize a policy that continues to build settlements against any U.N. resolution , " Grass said . "  Grass ' poems are an attempt to ignite the flame of hatred against the people and the state of Israel and thereby promote the idea he was publicly a part of when he wore the SS Nazi uniforms , " Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai said on Sunday . "  If Grass wishes to proceed with his distorted and false creations , I suggest he does so in Iran , where he can find a supporting audience , " Yishai added . Yishai 's spokesman told CNN the travel ban against Grass was issued on the basis of an Israeli law that enables the government to deny former Nazis from entering the country . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday the poem is "  an expression of the cynicism of some the West 's intellectuals , who , for publicity purposes and the desire to sell a few more books , are willing to sacrifice the Jewish nation a second time on the altar of crazy anti-Semites . "	Gunter Grass ' poem accused Israel of wanting to "  extinguish the Iranian people " Israeli leaders assail Grass , say Iran is the real threat Grass was in the Nazi Waffen-SS during World War II
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Four suspected militants were killed and seven arrested in Pakistan in a security forces operation targeting those responsible for a devastating weekend bombing on the outskirts of the city of Quetta that left scores dead , authorities said Tuesday . Police said a suicide bomber rammed a water tanker laden with explosives into a crowded marketplace Saturday , setting off a huge blast that killed at least 89 people and wounded at least 180 others . Shiite Muslims in Quetta had refused to bury those killed in the devastating bombing until authorities responded to their demands to take military action against Sunni extremists thought to be responsible . Following Tuesday 's operation , they announced that the burial will begin at 9 a.m. Wednesday . The macabre protest , now in its third day , is an expression of the anger and frustration among Shiites in the southwestern province of Balochistan , whose capital is Quetta , over the government 's failure to shield them from bloody sectarian attacks in recent months . "  We want the military to protect Shiites and want it to take control of law and order in the province , " Syed Dawood Agha , president of the Balochistan Shiite Conference and the organizer of the protest , said Monday . "  Civilian government has failed to maintain law and order in the province . " The outlawed Sunni militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has said it carried out the Saturday attack . The bodies of about 80 of the victims -- some in coffins , others wrapped in sheets -- have been laid out on the street in Hazara Town , the Shiite suburb of Quetta where the attack took place , said Naseebullah Bazai , the health secretary in Balochistan . Authorities are still trying to identify the other bodies , he said . Hundreds of demonstrators in Hazara Town have braved the winter cold to stay out day and night with the victims ' bodies . "  What is our sin ? Why are our people being killed ? " said Hina Ali Hazara , a teenager at the protest who said her brother was among the dead . "  Why are we being killed for our faith ? " she continued , breaking into tears . The bombing , which has prompted demonstrations in cities across Sunni-majority Pakistan , follows a day of bomb attacks targeting Shiites in Quetta last month that killed at least 85 people . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi also claimed responsibility for those attacks . Desperate protest The Shiite community 's decision to delay the burial of the bodies this week , a form of protest they also adopted after the January bombings , is a sign of its desperation after repeated requests to authorities for better protection . Not burying dead bodies immediately after death is taboo in Islam ; a person 's soul is not considered to be at rest until the body is in the ground . The Pakistani government in Islamabad said Tuesday that it would carry out "  a targeted operation aimed at eliminating those responsible for playing with lives of innocent civilians and restoring peace and security in Quetta . " And a senior Quetta police official , Wazir Khan Nasir , said security forces carried out a raid in the city Monday night in which four militants were killed and seven were arrested . It was not immediately clear if any of these announcements were enough to satisfy the Shiite community 's demands . Balochistan security officials were negotiating with the protesters to try to persuade them to end their demonstration and bury the dead . The government had vowed Monday to catch the perpetrators and bring them to justice . But human rights groups say authorities have a bad track record of prosecuting those who carry out and incite attacks on Shiites . Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf has sent a delegation of lawmakers to Quetta to assess the situation and make recommendations . He has also requested that intelligence agencies explain how the suicide bomber managed to breach security measures . Ashraf 's announcements Monday came as protests over the attack spread beyond Balochistan to other parts of Pakistan , including major cities such as Karachi and Islamabad , local media reported . A persecuted minority The Shiite community primarily targeted by Lashkar-e-Jhangvi in Balochistan are Hazaras , an ethnic minority from neighboring Afghanistan . Amnesty International said Monday it had documented 91 separate attacks on Shiites across Pakistan since January 2012 that had resulted in the deaths of about 500 people . At least half of those killed were Hazaras , Amnesty said , even though they are one of the smallest ethnic groups in Pakistan . "  The last two months have been the worst on record for Quetta 's beleaguered Hazara community , " said Isabelle Arradon , deputy Asia-Pacific director at Amnesty . "  In fact , the attacks in January and February constitute some of the worst killings in Pakistan 's recent history . " Amnesty urged Pakistani authorities to "  immediately carry out an impartial and independent investigation into the persistent failure of civil and military authorities to end such attacks . " A lack of prosecutions The rights group said that to its knowledge , "  no one has been prosecuted for the January 2013 attacks or other targeted killings of Hazaras in recent years . " The bombing Saturday also drew condemnation from the office of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan . The commission said it was "  at a loss for words at this latest catastrophe to befall the long-suffering Hazaras of Balochistan . " Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has tried to justify its attacks by arguing that according to its interpretation of Islam , Shiites are not Muslims . It claims Shiites insult close companions of the Islamic prophet , Mohammed . But human rights groups are scathing in their criticism of the group . "  These attacks demonstrate Lashkar-e-Jhangvi 's utter disregard for human rights and basic principles of humanity , " Arradon said . Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : Shiite Muslims in Quetta say the burial of victims will begin at 9 a.m. Wednesday . A suicide bomber killed more than 80 people Saturday "  Why are we being killed for our faith ? " a victim 's sister says Shiite Muslims refused to bury bombing victims until action was taken against those responsible
CNN  -- When he was n't laughing , Joe Biden sounded like a belligerent old man . Paul Ryan sipped from a cup and looked like a beleaguered altar boy . Fair or not , those were just two characterizations of Thursday 's vice presidential debate on Twitter , where a Greek chorus of jokesters kept up a witty commentary throughout the 90-minute throwdown . As with any live TV event in the social media age , the people of Twitter let no gaffe or verbal tic go unnoticed . Here are 25 of our favorites : GuyEndoreKaiser -- Tonight 's debate is scheduled for ninety minutes , but Paul Ryan is already claiming he can finish in fifty something . Ana Marie Cox -- I actually happen to have "  malarkey " in the drinking game ! Oh geez ... Jill Morris -- The VP candidates get to sit because they 're exhausted from standing up for our values . #VPDebate Morgan Murphy -- Biden 's teeth are so white they 're voting for Romney . #VPDebate The 25 funniest tweets about the first presidential debate Indecision -- Watered-down sanctions are the worst . You need four just to get tipsy . #vpdebate Patton Oswalt -- Ryan is a nervous Walmart manager . Biden is an irate customer with the receipt , the warranty & he 's friends w / the store owner . #debate Indecision -- Joe Biden would very much like for Paul Ryan to get off his lawn . #vpdebate Laughing Joe Biden -- Looooooool Paul and Storm -- You ca n't make Joe Biden look bad . He is your favorite uncle . He pulls quarters from behind your ears . #VPDebate Seth Masket -- Actually , this is like if Aaron Sorkin wrote an exchange between the Skipper and Gilligan . #vpdebate Leah -- JOE . SHUT THE HECK UP AND WAIT YOUR TURN . #VPdebate Sean Becker -- "  Oh , I get it now . " - Jim Lehrer Paul Ryan Gosling -- Hey girl , I 'm not taking nervous sips of water , I 'm drinking every time Biden laughs at me . #vpdebate Jose Antonio Vargas -- Before this #VPDebate , @JoeBiden had a Venti macchiato and two cans of Red Bull . James Garrett -- I kind of feel like Joe Biden is Kanye and Paul Ryan is Taylor Swift . #VPDebate National Review -- Wait , is Biden yelling at Martha Raddatz right now ? I thought he was debating Paul Ryan ... #VPDebate Brent Black -- I HAVE HAD A CHILD IN THE SHAPE OF A BEAN PLEASE INTERRUPT ME #VPDebate Jeffrey Wisenbaugh -- Biden is yelling less . I think it 's getting closer to his bed time . #sleepy #VPDebate Chad Schomber -- To think , all this just to sway 4-6 % of undecided voters . And those folks are not watching the #VPdebate OK , so the headline on this story says 25 tweets . But here are some more , suggested by our users : Bearded Stoner -- Chuck Norris sleeps with the lights on because Joe Biden can strike at any time . #VPDebate Albert Brooks -- Biden just had a good run . I do n't know if these lines I 'm watching on CNN are voters or his heart rate . Patricia Lockwood -- Well of COURSE Joe Biden was laughing . He was literally debating a box of Count Chocula Did you see other debate tweets that made you laugh ? Let us know in the comments or by tweeting us @cnntech and we 'll add the best ones to the list . CNN 's Doug Gross and John D. Sutter contributed to this story .	The Twittersphere weighs in on Thursday 's vice-presidential debate Jokes referenced Vice President Joe Biden 's laughing and constant interruptions People also commented on challenger Paul Ryan 's frequent sips of water The one and only vice-presidential debate was held in Danville , Kentucky
NEW YORK  CNN  -- McDonald 's new ad campaign is taking a non-too-subtle jab at Starbucks . McDonald 's placed this billboard near Starbucks ' corporate headquarters in Seattle , Washington . Residents in Seattle , Washington , the birthplace of Starbucks , can now see approximately 140 McDonald 's billboards emblazoned with "  large is the new grande " or "  four bucks is dumb . " In a statement released Thursday , McDonald 's called it "  a light-hearted , fun approach to our brand , " aimed at promoting the company 's McCafe coffee products . However , Starbucks is not finding the ad campaign funny . "  Comparative campaigns are all well and good but only when they 're credible and authentic . If the claim is not supportable or the tone is off , you risk losing credibility , " Deb Trevino , director of global communications for Starbucks , told CNN . A 12-ounce cup of coffee at Starbucks in Seattle costs just $ 1.40 , only a penny more than the average price for a same size cup at McDonald 's . Credibility is something that Starbucks claims it is not short on . A portion of coffee sales currently goes towards health care for Starbucks ' baristas , while another goes towards helping AIDS victims in Africa , according to the company . "  We will not enter into a tit-for-tat , " Trevino said . "  Our customers are interested in more than just the coffee , they come for the experience . " For now , McDonald 's said it does not plan to take its "  four bucks is dumb " campaign nationwide .	McDonald 's new ad campaign pokes fun at Starbucks McDonald 's billboards in Seattle , Washington , read "  four bucks is dumb " "  We will not enter into a tit-for-tat , " Starbucks official says
CNN  The Anti-Defamation League has condemned a product sold in Urban Outfitters stores that it says resembles uniforms prisoners were forced to wear during the Holocaust . The gray and white striped tapestry features pink triangles . During the Holocaust , gay people were made to wear a pink triangle for identification purposes . A letter from the ADL to Urban Outfitters President and CEO Richard A. Hayne objected to the "  insensitive design and the company 's periodic use of products within the realm of Holocaust imagery . " A request for comment from Urban Outfitters was not immediately answered Tuesday . "  Whether intentional or not , this gray and white stripped pattern and pink triangle combination is deeply offensive and should not be mainstreamed into popular culture , " said ADL National Director Abraham H. Foxman in the letter . The ADL took the retailer to task in 2012 for selling a T-shirt with a star on its pocket , claiming the design looked like the Star of David symbol that Jewish people were made to wear during the Holocaust . The product "  represents a new low , " the ADL said at the time . Urban Outfitters has been criticized and even sued for selling other products , including designs labeled "  Navajo . " The retailer stopped selling a "  vintage " Kent State sweatshirt that had what appeared to be simulated blood splatter on it last year after objections flooded in . Kent State was the site of a 1970 shooting that left four students dead and nine wounded during a Vietnam War protest . Urban Outfitters issued an apology via Twitter and said the red stains were not meant to resemble blood .	The Anti-Defamation League has urged Urban Outfitters to stop selling a product it says is offensive The tapestry features a pink triangle , a symbol that was used during the Holocaust to brand gays
CNN  The Obama administration hopes to transfer dozens of detainees from Guantanamo Bay in the next six months as part of a stepped-up effort to reduce the population there , according to a U.S. official . As many as five detainees are expected to be moved from the detention facility in the next few days , with several more transfers anticipated in early 2015 , the official said on condition of anonymity . The news comes less than a week after the United States announced it had repatriated four detainees from Guantanamo to Afghanistan , leaving 132 detainees at the U.S. naval base in southeastern Cuba . President Barack Obama hinted at the intensified effort in an exclusive interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday , saying , "  I 'm going to be doing everything I can to close it . " "  It is something that continues to inspire jihadists and extremists around the world , the fact that these folks are being held , " Obama said . "  It is contrary to our values and it is wildly expensive . We 're spending millions for each individual there . And we have drawn down the population there significantly . " Once a detainee is deemed no longer a risk , they are either transferred back to their country of origin , or a third country that is willing to take them . Sixty-four of the 132 remaining detainees have been ruled eligible for transfer . Of the 64 eligible , 54 are from Yemen . But the United States is not willing , at this point , to send them back to Yemen because of concerns that the government -- under pressure from al Qaeda and Houthi militants -- can not ensure they do not join al Qaeda elements there . The administration for the last several months has been trying to find a country that will take the Yemenis and provide security and human rights assurances for them . The official said there are ongoing talks to try to find countries to take all 64 detainees approved for transfer . An additional 20 detainees from Yemen still are considered too dangerous to be transferred , as are several detainees accused of involvement in the 9/11 attacks , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed . The number of remaining detainees is down significantly from the nearly 800 that had been held there after Guantanamo was repurposed to hold detainees from the United States ' war on terror . The administration of then-President George W. Bush claimed that , since Gitmo detainees were n't held on American soil , they could be considered "  enemy combatants " and be denied some legal protections . Almost all of the 800 detainees were held without charges . This legal limbo , as well as allegations of torture and other mistreatment , spurred criticism of the facility popularly known as Gitmo . Obama pledged to shut it down as part of his 2008 campaign , but saw his plans thwarted by opposition from Congress , which among other things prevented him from transferring remaining detainees to U.S. prisons .	As many as 5 detainees are expected to be moved in the next few days , official says News comes less than a week after 4 detainees were repatriated to Afghanistan President Obama tells CNN he 's "  going to be doing everything I can to close it . " Guantanamo Bay has held nearly 800 detainees ; there are now 132
CNN  -- ISIS demanded 100 million euros  $ 132.5 million  in ransom for the release of James Foley , the American journalist kidnapped and killed by the terrorist group in Syria , according to a spokesman for GlobalPost , the news website for which Foley freelanced . It was never a serious demand , far exceeding the amounts of money paid for hostages held by jihadist militant groups in the past , which typically ranged up to several million dollars . But the demand does shine a light on two uncomfortable facts about "  Kidnap & Ransom , " or K&R , the dark netherworld of professionals who work to negotiate between murderous groups like ISIS and the terrified families whose loved ones have been kidnapped . It also includes their worried employers and Western governments such as France that will pay ransoms , and other governments , notably the United States and the United Kingdom , that will not . The first uncomfortable fact is that if you pay a ransom a hostage is more likely to be released . The other is that every time a ransom is paid it increases the chance that other hostages will be taken to help fill the coffers of a terrorist group . According to an investigation by The New York Times , al Qaeda and its affiliates have netted at least $ 125 million in ransoms since 2008 . That finding is similar to a 2012 U.S. Treasury estimate that $ 120 million had been paid to terrorist organizations during the previous eight years . Much of this revenue reportedly comes from France . French media reported that the government had paid 20 million euros  about $ 28 million  for the release of four employees of a French nuclear firm . They were held by an al Qaeda affiliate for three years in northern Niger and were released last year . The French government denied paying a ransom , but The New York Times indicated -- based on reports from Le Monde and Agence France-Presse -- that France did pay in that case and has paid out a total of some $ 58 million to al Qaeda or related groups . Not surprisingly , the Times also found that of the 53 hostages known to have been taken by al Qaeda and its affiliates during the past five years , a third were French . The French government 's purported policy of negotiating with militant groups for the release of kidnapped citizens does appear to work . Four French journalists -- Nicolas Henin , Pierre Torres , Edouard Elias and Didier FranÃ § ois , who were kidnapped in Syria last year by ISIS -- were released near the Turkish border in April , blindfolded and with their hands bound . One of those hostages , Henin , had been held by ISIS alongside Foley . Henin is free , and Foley is dead . These are the facts that policymakers must confront as they consider what to do about the other Western hostages still held by ISIS . Who is ISIS currently holding ? ISIS holds three Americans , including Steven Sotloff , a freelance journalist who was kidnapped last August and who the terrorist group threatened to kill in the video it released showing Foley 's beheading . The names of the other two Americans being held by ISIS have not been publicly disclosed ; CNN is withholding their names and occupations . Two Italian women are reported to be among the militant group 's newest captives . A Dane and a Japanese national were seized along with the two Italians . The group of four was recently moved to Raqqa , an ISIS stronghold in northern Syria . For these hostages , there is always the chance that their governments will mount a rescue operation as the United States did in Syria in July to try and rescue Foley and the other Americans . That mission failed because the hostages had been moved from a location they had been kept in for some months . There is also the possibility that hostages could escape , as American photographer Matthew Schrier did last year when he managed to crawl out of a window of the prison where he was being held in in the Syrian city of Aleppo by an Islamist militant group . But such escapes are rare , and while successful rescue efforts do happen , they are fraught with risks for the hostages . Linda Norgrove , for instance , a British aid worker held by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2010 , was killed in a U.S. rescue operation , likely by a grenade that exploded near her . If there 's not an escape or a successful rescue effort , Western governments whose citizens are held by ISIS have only the options of either a negotiation involving ransom or the real possibility that their hostages may be executed . This is the sobering choice that faces President Barack Obama and his national security advisers . It 's not much of a choice at all .	Peter Bergen , Emily Schneider : ISIS wanted $ 132.5 million in ransom for James Foley Sometimes ransom works , but it can lead to more kidnapping , the writers say Minus a rescue or escape , options grim for nations -- ransom or execution , they say
CNN  -- An American Airlines plane flying from Costa Rica to Miami made an emergency landing on Colombia 's San Andres Island Thursday , the airline said . The airline said a "  mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on Colombia 's north coast . CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . Flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , American Airlines said . The passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a Boeing 757 , was evaluated . No one was injured , Caracol reported . UK-to-U.S. flight makes emergency landing in Ireland	The plane was flying from Costa Rica to Miami It made an emergency detour to San Andres Island , Colombia No one was injured , a CNN affiliate reports
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The world 's population is forecast to hit 7 billion in 2011 , the vast majority of its growth coming in developing and , in many cases , the poorest nations , a report released Wednesday said . Riders cram into a train last month in New Delhi , India . India 's population is expected to be 1.7 billion by 2050 . A staggering 97 percent of global growth over the next 40 years will happen in Asia , Africa , Latin America and the Caribbean , according to the Population Reference Bureau 's 2009 World Population Data Sheet . "  The great bulk of today 's 1.2 billion youth -- nearly 90 percent -- are in developing countries , " said Carl Haub , a co-author of the report . Eight in 10 of those youth live in Africa and Asia . "  During the next few decades , these young people will most likely continue the current trend of moving from rural areas to cities in search of education and training opportunities , gainful employment , and adequate health care , " Haub continued , calling it one of the major social questions of the next few decades . In the developed world , the United States and Canada will account for most of the growth -- half from immigration and half from a natural increase in the population -- births minus deaths , according to the report . High fertility rates and a young population base in the developing world will fuel most of the growth , especially in Africa , where women often give birth to six or seven children over a lifetime , the report says . The number is about two in the United States and 1.5 in Canada . A stark contrast can be drawn between Uganda and Canada , which currently have about 34 million and 31 million residents , respectively . By 2050 , Canada 's population is projected to be 42 million , while Uganda 's is expected to soar to 96 million , more than tripling . "  Even with declining fertility rates in many countries , world population is still growing at a rapid rate , " said Bill Butz , president of the bureau . "  The increase from 6 billion to 7 billion is likely to take 12 years , as did the increase from 5 billion to 6 billion . Both events are unprecedented in world history . " By 2050 , India is projected to be the world 's most populous nation at 1.7 billion , overtaking current leader China , which is forecast to hit 1.4 billion . The United States is expected to reach 439 million for No. 3 on the list .	Global population to reach 7 billion in two years , research institute projects Most growth is occurring in developing and poor nations , study finds Uganda 's population expected to almost triple by 2050 India projected to overtake China as most populous country
CNN  -- Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg already owns a good chunk of the Internet , but on Wednesday he won it as well when he spoke Chinese to an audience at a Beijing university . Media , including CNN stablemate CNNMoney , lit up -- sometimes snarkily . "  Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in fluent mandarin , " the UK Guardian observed . "  Zuckerberg 's Chinese speech gets mixed reviews , " sniffed the BBC . "  Zuckerberg , in all-Chinese Q&A , says Facebook has '11 mobile users ' , " headlined CNNMoney . Some commenters ripped into Zuckerberg . Others admired the fact that he 's been learning a complex language while most of us are snoozing in front of YouTube . Zuckerberg is far from the only well-known person to speak multiple languages . Certainly performers born in non-English-speaking countries have often found it necessary to learn English to make it in America . But there are also plenty of Americans  and Brits !  who have versed themselves in other tongues . Check out the gallery for some examples .	Mark Zuckerberg makes headlines for addressing China event in Chinese Many made fun of him , but others admired the attempt Facebook 's founder is one of many native English speakers who can talk in another tongue
CNN  -- Ashley Bays took her toddler into M Spa Salon in Portage , Michigan , for a simple haircut but left with a "  severe tongue lashing , " according to a witness whose Facebook post about the event went viral . Customer Vanessa Hunt wrote about her outrage at watching salon owner Michelle Mott allegedly dress down Bays and 2 Â 1/2 - year-old Grayson because the child cried during his haircut . "  At the conclusion of this woman 's tantrum to the mother the mother said through tears , ` I 'm so sorry , he 's autistic , ' " Hunt wrote in a post that has been shared more than 35,000 times . Attorneys for the salon said in a statement to mlive.com that Mott reacted reasonably to safety concerns caused by the boy 's behavior . Many toddlers cry during a visit to the hair salon , but the experience can be particularly challenging for individuals with the sensory sensitivities that are common in autism . I know , because my son is one of them . Haircuts require a patient stylist , a special list of instructions , books to read and a fresh shirt to change into immediately afterward . If it were n't for the promise of a lollipop at the end of the haircut , he might not go into the salon at all . The reality of finding a job with autism The noise and feel of the clippers can be painful , the smells of dyes and permanents overpowering , the water sprayed on their hair upsetting and the sound of hair dryers panic-inducing . However , Bays , a longtime client of the salon , had found one hairstylist she trusted to cut her son 's hair -- no small thing , as parents of children with autism can attest . The incident at M Spa Salon has brought a much larger issue to the public eye than merely the allegedly nasty behavior of one business owner : Parents of children on the autism spectrum struggle with public judgment on a daily basis . Sometimes kids with autism exhibit behaviors that draw attention to themselves , ranging from self-soothing repetitive motions to a full-blown meltdown in an overwhelming situation . The reaction of the bystanders can go a long way toward defusing panic or exacerbating it , which is what happened when Mott reportedly yelled at Ashley and Grayson Bays until they both left the salon in tears . "  I 've never experienced anything else like this before . I understand if she does n't want children in the salon , but she could have handled it a lot differently . She could have pulled us to the side . She was very insensitive that he does have special needs , " Bays later said . Just as a negative reaction can make matters worse , thoughtful words and actions can help . The hairstylist who joined the family outside to complete the child 's haircut stands out as an unsung hero in the unfortunate M Spa Salon drama . Another recent example was the kindness of a waitress at a Chili 's Bar and Grill in Utah who replaced the "  broken " hamburger of an autistic girl without batting an eyelash . Small kindnesses can go a long way . Work and autism : Your questions answered So what should a person do if they witness a child with autism  or frankly any child  in distress ? According to Amanda Benson , LCSW , an autism specialist at The University of North Carolina TEACCH Autism Program , the most useful thing that bystanders can do is ask the parents : "  Is there something I can do to make this easier for you ? " "  The parents will know what will best help their child , " Benson said , such as dimming the lights , moving to a quieter space or offering a preferred toy as a distraction . In the specific case of a haircut , the child might be more comfortable with scissors only or conversely only with clippers . Because autism encompasses such a broad spectrum , there is no single solution that will work well for all individuals . Bystanders should refrain from judgment . Effective parenting techniques are different for children with autism than for typically developing kids . Because attention is often a strong behavioral reinforcement for individuals on the spectrum , parents may strategically ignore inappropriate behaviors , while providing positive reinforcement for appropriate behavior . Autism : What we know right now Bystanders can help by offering an empathetic smile for the parent or a word of praise for a child who is trying his best . Some parents of autistic children carry small cards to hand out explaining autism to strangers who stop and stare , or sneer . Without acceptance of the whole spectrum of human development , people with disabilities are inevitably excluded from society . Given that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates the autism prevalence in the United States to be 1 in 88  and more recent studies suggest that figure may be as high as 1 in 50  , business owners are going to have to become better educated about how to serve individuals with special needs . Not only are they their customers , as in the case of the young Grayson , but people with autism are entitled to the same access to public spaces afforded all other Americans . Have you dealt with insensitivity toward your children or yourself due to a medical or condition ?	A salon owner allegedly berated a child and his mother after the boy cried during haircut A fellow salon patron wrote about the incident on Facebook and readers reacted strongly Bridget Mora says the public needs to be more aware of autism behaviors Just as a negative reaction can cause harm , thoughtful words and actions can help
Atlanta  CNN  -- The agent for NFL star Hines Ward , arrested on a driving under the influence of alcohol charge in Georgia , said Saturday he is confident that the facts will show his client was not impaired . Ward , a 35-year-old Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver , was released after posting a $ 1,000 bond , according to a jail record in DeKalb County . "  Ward  cooperated fully with the police and truthfully answered all of their questions , " agent and manager Andrew Ree said . "  We are currently in the process of ascertaining all the facts , " Ree continued in a statement . "  From our preliminary investigation we can tell you that we are confident that the facts will show that Hines was not impaired by alcohol while driving . However , Hines is deeply saddened by this incident and apologizes to his fans and the Steelers organization for this distraction . " Ward also is known for winning the latest season of ABC 's "  Dancing with the Stars . " He has two Super Bowl rings , was the most valuable player in Super Bowl XL and was selected four times for the NFL Pro Bowl . Ward was born in South Korea and grew up in Georgia . His Helping Hands U.S. Foundation focuses on improving literacy among children , according to his website . He also has a foundation in South Korea targeting discrimination against biracial children . Friday , Hines posted items on his Facebook page about his habit of texting while driving .	NEW : Agent says preliminary investigation shows Ward was not impaired NEW : Player apologizes to his fans Hines Ward was released after posting $ 1,000 bond The Steelers wide receiver is a "  Dancing with the Stars " winner
Mashable  -- Digg has launched an overhaul and redesign of the struggling social media service in an attempt to bring users back and regain some momentum . This rollout incorporates three major changes for the site . The first is a redesign of the site based on user feedback . It places the key Digg topics -- Gaming , Technology , Science , etc. -- at the top of the page rather than on the side . Story pages have been cleaned up , and the "  submit " box has been given more prominence . It now sits at the top of every page , while search has been been reduced to a magnifying glass icon that will display the search box when you click it . The second part of the update focuses on profile pages and the return of profile statistics . At the top right of every profile page are the Digg , commenting , submission and following stats for every user . Digg says it took "  much longer " than expected to import the Digg data from V3 to the current version . It 's definitely incomplete , though -- my stats say I 've made zero submissions and zero comments in my many years on Digg , both of which are definitely not true . Some data is still missing . Finally , Digg has added a new slew of opt-in notifications for when your stories hit "  Top News . " While "  Top News " has lost much of its prominence since "  My News " was made the default , it 's still a point of achievement to have a story you submit reach the front page , so it makes sense that many people would want to be notified when that happens . These notifications will appear either by e-mail or on-site . The changes are designed to counteract Digg 's painful decline by adding the most-requested user features . Users famously revolted after the New Digg launched last August . Since then , Digg has been in decline , enough to force Digg to lay off more than one-third of its team . The new features will be rolled out over the next few weeks and will be offered at an opt-in basis . Overall , they 're nice updates , but the company still has a long way to go to regain user trust and woo users back to its platform . Every little bit counts , though , when you 're trying to turn things around . Check out the before and after screenshots , and let us know what you think of the redesign in the comments below . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Digg launches overhaul and redesign of the struggling social media service Rollout incorporates three major changes for the site New features will be rolled out over next few weeks and offered at an opt-in basis
The government is proposing to bribe communities with cheaper energy bills in exchange for dropping opposition to local fracking projects as part of plans to push ahead with shale-gas extraction . Several options to cajole rural England to accept the contentious drilling schemes are being discussed as ministers prepare to announce that the UK 's shale-gas reserves are much larger than previously estimated . Fracking , an extraction technique that involves pumping water , sand and chemicals at high pressure into shale rock to release trapped pockets of oil and gas , has transformed the US energy market , triggering a production boom that pushed gas prices to 10-year lows last year . Environmentalists worry that the process can pollute ground water and cause emissions of methane , a potent greenhouse gas . The government 's paper on "  community benefits " will propose policies that aim to persuade locals to drop their resistance to fracking in northwest and southeast England , where the largest shale-gas deposits are found . The biggest incentive being discussed by the coalition is cheaper household energy bills for people in the area , according to those familiar with the discussions . Neighbourhoods could also be offered funding for new sports clubs or community centres and other projects to improve local amenities . The House of Commons energy select committee said on Friday that communities affected by shale-gas projects "  should expect to receive , and share in , some of the benefits of development " . It suggested that local authorities hosting shale ventures should also be allowed to retain business rates . The system would be similar to the "  planning gain " whereby councils that give planning permission to property developments can force the developer to pay for certain infrastructure improvements , such as roads and schools . A separate paper will make a similar proposal for new wind farms . The government could still face big protests against fracking sites , reminiscent of the widespread grassroots Tory hostility to onshore wind turbines and to the HS2 high-speed railway . One Conservative MP , Laura Sandys , has said that planning applications for shale-gas drilling will "  make onshore wind farms look like a walk in the park " . Britain 's only fracking operation , by Cuadrilla Resources near Blackpool , was suspended after two minor earthquakes in 2011 . It was allowed to resume last December . Last year , the government commissioned the British Geological Survey to produce a new estimate of Britain 's shale-gas reserves , which is understood to show that they are much larger than previously thought .	Ministers prepare to announce UK 's shale-gas reserves are much larger than previously estimated Britain 's only fracking operation was suspended after two minor earthquakes in 2011 Fracking is extraction of gas and oil by pumping water at high pressure into shale rock
CNN  -- Thousands of inmates rioted at the Reeves County Detention Center in Texas on Saturday , the second disturbance at the prison facility in the last two months . As many as 2,080 inmates from two of the center 's three buildings began fighting in the prison yard about 4:30 p.m. CT , said county Sheriff 's Office Dispatcher Anna Granado . Authorities from several law enforcement agencies responded to quell the violence . However , officials had not brought the unrest under control as of 1 a.m. Sunday , according to the sheriff 's office . Officials said they do not know what prompted the riots . Three inmates were hospitalized , including one with a severed finger , the sheriff 's office said . On December 12 , inmates took two workers hostage and set fire to the recreation area at the center in Pecos , located about 430 miles west of Dallas . The inmates , who had made several demands , surrendered later that night . The prison is a 2,400-bed , low-security facility , operated by Geo Group Inc. . It houses federal prisoners as well as inmates from other states . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Inmate unrest at Texas prison enters second day NEW : Authorities : Three inmates have been hospitalized ; one has severed finger Prison was site of another inmate riot in December Officials say they do not know what sparked latest riot
Seyne-les-Alpes , France  CNN  It 's a dangerous task as well as a grim one . The rescue workers battling to gather the pulverized pieces of Germanwings Flight 9525 and the remains of the 150 people on board must contend with high winds as well as treacherous terrain . They climb up a rugged mountain , appearing to cling to its side by their fingernails . Bit by bit , bag by bag , high wire daredevils hoist body bags hundreds of feet up to waiting helicopters , trying to remain stable in the high winds . Rescuers pin red flags on the earth when they discover new fragments . Winched down from helicopters on to the steep , icy slopes , where debris lies scattered across hundreds of meters , workers have had to be tied together in two-person teams . One is there to carry out the investigation and recovery . The second is charged with ensuring their safety as they 're buffeted by the weather . Complicating matters , very few of the bodies have been found whole , Yves Naffrechoux , captain of rescue operations , told CNN on Friday . And winds have picked up , making it difficult for helicopters to ferry the workers to the site in the French Alps in the first place , he said . Authorities have deployed 45 Alpine police officers to help forensics teams -- not accustomed to working in mountain ravines -- recover the bodies safely , Naffrechoux said . His team is based out of Seyne-les-Alpes , a normally sleepy Alpine village that since Tuesday 's crash has been transformed into a hub for the recovery operation . The leaders of Germany , France and Spain have visited . The families of the victims have laid flowers and prayed at a nearby memorial . Journalists have flocked to the spot as they report the latest developments . Meanwhile , the rescue workers have continued their hazardous mission . Before anything could be recovered , the position of the bodies and debris had to be mapped . Human remains must be treated with due respect despite the tricky conditions . The workers are now removing more bodies from the site , Naffrechoux said . The priority remains to find all the bodies and the elusive second "  black box , " the plane 's flight data recorder , he said . Investigators hope , once found , it could yield more clues into what happened on the flight deck of the Germanwings plane before it slammed into the mountainside at about 430 miles per hour . Already , the Marseille prosecutor , Brice Robin , has revealed that cockpit audio indicated that German co-pilot Andreas Lubitz "  wanted to destroy the aircraft . " The recovery teams are trying to construct a road to access the site more quickly and aid the transportation of bodies to a DNA testing center where they are kept in refrigerated units , said Naffrechoux . It 's hoped the process will take 10 to 15 days , depending on weather , he said . Testimonials posted by France 's Interior Ministry from rescue and recovery workers at the scene also give an insight into the tough conditions at the remote crash site . Cmdr. Emmanuel G. , of the Criminal Research Institute from the National Gendarmerie , said it was a "  really complicated " process . "  We are working in two-person teams , whether it 's alongside  police  mountain guides , the local gendarmes or the alpine firemen and emergency teams , " he said . "  We do not know how to continue in this situation otherwise , we really need them to ensure our security at all times . " "  It 's the first time police technicians and gendarmes are working together , " an unnamed technician in one of those two-person teams is quoted as saying . "  We have total trust in each other . He 's holding my life in his hands . " CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Nic Robertson reported from Seyne-les-Alpes and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Ariana Williams and Dheeptika Laurent contributed to this report .	High winds are complicating efforts to recover remains and aircraft debris from the mountainous crash site Captain of rescue operations tells CNN that very few bodies have been found whole Recovery workers are being winched down in pairs , one to gather remains and the other to ensure safety
House Speaker John Boehner said Rep. Darrell Issa was justified in ending an acrimonious hearing on IRS targeting of conservative groups -- a meeting concluded when Issa cut the hearing room microphones with his harshest critic on the panel , Rep. Elijah Cummings , in mid sentence . "  From what I understand , I think Mr. Issa was in his rights to adjourn the hearing , " Boehner told reporters on Thursday . The Congressional Black Caucus wants Issa removed as House Oversight Committee chairman following Wednesday 's uproar , which it sees as the latest in a series of disrespectful responses to pushback from Democrats during hearings on the IRS matter . The group offered a resolution on Thursday . "  Chairman Issa 's abusive behavior on March 5th is part of a continuing pattern in which he has routinely excluded members of the committee from investigative meetings and has routinely provided information to the press before sharing it with committee members , " Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Rep. Marcia Fudge said . The organization also sent Boehner a letter . "  The abuse of authority and misuse of the congressional privileges afforded them are an affront to the expectations of the American public . Congressman Darrell Issa of California abused his authority and therefore must be reprimanded to ensure the dignity of the House of Representatives is preserved , " Fudge , an Ohio Democrat , wrote . "  We urge you to take prompt action to maintain the integrity of this body and remove Mr. Issa as chair of the Oversight & Government Reform Committee immediately , " the letter continued . Tensions are strained between Democrats and Republicans as the two sides continue to probe whether the IRS intentionally targeted conservative groups seeking tax exempt status . The issue flared anew this week following a series of hearings last year around the oversight panel 's investigation . Issa : GOP-led IRS targeting probe may be at ` dead end ' Republicans see former IRS official Lois Lerner 's decision to invoke her constitutional rights not to testify at hearings as obstructionist . Democrats believe their GOP colleagues are trying to squeeze any kind of political capital they can out of an embarrassing episode for the Obama administration in a midterm election year . Those frustrations boiled over on Wednesday when Issa refused to take Cummings ' statement and muted his microphone when he protested an early end to the hearing during which Lerner again refused to testify . Cummings , a Maryland Democrat , says he knows a thing or two about respect . "  Let me tell you something . I 've been practicing law for 30 , 40 years . And , so you see these kind of things , " Cummings said after the hearing Wednesday . "  But the thing that we are determined is not to be detracted , to get to the truth . And so I see it as a distraction . I do n't worry about disrespect , okay ? " On Thursday , Cummings elaborated on why he felt Issa 's actions were troubling . "  This is not the first time chairman Issa has shut mics down . You ca n't shut out the minority voice , " Cummings said . "  He shut me down because he did n't want to hear what I was saying or what he thought what I was saying . That 's un-American . " Cummings told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that he talked briefly with Issa on Thursday and said he does n't "  expect him to apologize . " Other Democratic lawmakers were similarly upset . "  What happened was so outrageous , so demeaning , so unjudicial , so awful in every respect , that we just absolutely have actually reached the boiling point , " said Rep. Louis Slaughter or New York and the top Democrat on the Rules Committee . Issa defended his actions . "  He was talking into a mic in an adjourned meeting . The fact is Mr. Cummings came to make a point of his objections to the process we 'd been going through . He was , he was actually slandering me at the moment that the mics did go off by claiming that this had not been a real investigation , " Issa said Wednesday . "  This had been a bipartisan investigation by multiple committees in which we had testimony in multiple hearings ... in which it was very clear there was targeting of conservative groups in which there were people who were acting outside the norm . We 're going to continue our investigation . But just because Mr. Cummings would like to have a more convenient truth does n't give him the right to make a speech . " Issa has also indicated that the probe may be approaching a "  dead end " after nearly a year . "  It may well be that we have gotten to the bottom of it , " Issa said . Such uncertainty raises questions about whether Republicans who have alleged the targeting order came from political higher-ups , even the White House , can win a legal battle to compel Lerner to provide testimony .	Rep. Elijah Cummings and Rep. Darrell Issa clash during IRS hearing Underlying tensions are politically motivated and both sides accuse the other of opportunism Congressional Black Caucus asks Speaker Boehner to remove Issa as chairman Cummings , Congressional Black Caucus say Issa 's actions part of disrespectful pattern
CNN  -- Large volumes of gas continued Friday to gush into the North Sea from an offshore oil platform , with energy giant Total trying two divergent methods in hopes of stopping the leak . Scottish Environment Secretary Richard Lochhead said Friday that authorities are prepared for the worst , but he added that it is believed that the "  gas condensate " now flowing into the water "  will evaporate naturally into the atmosphere . " "  As such , the current environmental risk continues to be minimal , " Lochhead said . The Elgin platform sprang a leak Sunday , prompting the evacuation of 238 people from the platform and the adjacent Rowan Viking drilling rig , according to Total executive Philippe Guys . The leak seems to have started as workers were sealing the well in the North Sea , about 150 miles  240 kilometers  east of the Scottish city of Aberdeen . Since then , energy company and government officials have weighed what to do about it , with one option being waiting for the gas to stop leaking on its own . On Friday , one day after announcing it had pinpointed the source of the leak , Total detailed its dueling approaches to stop it : blocking the outflow with "  heavy mud "  consisting of a mixture that contains mineral compounds  and drilling a pair of relief wells . Until then , "  the leak remains ongoing , " according to Guys . Gas is now gushing into the North Sea at an estimated rate of 2 kilograms per second , which translates to about 200,000 cubic meters per day . The North Sea was the scene of the world 's worst offshore rig disaster , the Piper Alpha explosion , which killed 167 people in 1988 . The Elgin leak has echoes of the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 -- including the fact that both emerged as workers were closing off wells -- but there are differences . The Elgin is in shallower water than the BP spill , which could make problems easier to fix . And instead of oil , it is leaking gas , which can disperse faster but ignites more easily . "  This is nothing on the scale of the Gulf spill two years ago , " oceanographer Simon Boxall said . "  This is a relatively light spill . The gas itself is dispersing quite rapidly . " After Total 's share price fell sharply earlier in the week , it rebounded slightly on Friday with a 0.9 % gain . Guys , the executive from the energy giant , said Friday that "  all other " Total wells in the vicinity are in "  safe condition , " signaling that there is no expectation of further problems . Shell has also partially evacuated two of its nearby platforms , Shearwater and Hans Deul , as a "  purely precautionary " measure , it said Wednesday . Satellites and spotter planes are being used to assess the latest spill , while several vessels are on standby nearby ready to help , Guys said . Lochhead , Scotland 's environmental minister , said he was "  pleased " that "  more information " on the incident had been released by Total and the British government . While expressing faith that the long-term impact on the environment should n't be major , Lochhead said that the hard work is far from over . "  We can not be complacent , and Marine Scotland is continually assessing the situation and scenario planning for all eventualities , " Lochhead said . "  Additional scientific resources , manpower and vessels can be utilized at short notice , should the situation change . "	Total 's Elgin platform in the North Sea began leaking gas on Sunday Currently , about 200,000 cubic meters of gas a day are leaking into the water Two methods are being tried to stop it : drilling relief wells and plugging it up A Scottish official says the environmental risk appears to be minimal
CNN  -- With arrow straight driving , big hitting Dustin Johnson powered his way clear of the field at the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai Friday while first round leader Rory McIlroy paid the price for wayward play from tee to green on his back nine . Texan Johnson overpowered the Sheshan International course with a nine-under 63 to go five clear of McIlroy and fellow Americans Bubba Watson and Boo Weekley on 12-under 132 after two rounds . Johnson 's playing partner Graeme McDowell -- still in the hunt on six-under -- could only look on in wonder . "  I 've probably seen 18 of the best drives I 've seen all year in the last two days , " he remarked during their round . "  I really drove the ball well , " Johnson told the official PGA Tour website . "  For me , that 's a big key . " He picked up six birdies in his opening seven holes and after completing a front nine of 30 held it together to come home in 33 . McIlroy , hunting his first tournament win of 2013 , also made a fast start with three birdies on the front nine to build on his first round 65 . But coming home it all went wrong for the 24-year-old Northern Irishman -- let down by errant tee shots and approach play to give up three shots to par . Finding the water on the par-five 18th with his approach shot , McIlroy made a disappointing bogey to finish on level par 72 . "  I just hit a couple of bad shots , and then I guess I let it affect me a little bit , and then I started to doubt myself sometimes , " McIlroy said . "  I did n't hit a lot of quality shots on the back nine . " He was joined in joint second place by Weekley  67  and Watson  69  , the 2012 Masters champion a crowd pleaser on his first trip to China . "  Everything about the trip has been beautiful . Malaysia last week  CIMB Classic  and then here . It 's perfect , " he said . McDowell , second in the European Tour 's Race to Dubai , shot a second straight 69 to share fifth with England 's Tommy Fleetwood and Ian Poulter , Spanish pair Sergio Garcia and Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano and South African great Ernie Els . British Open champion Phil Mickelson was back on five under with U.S. Open winner Justin Rose . "  I 'm making a lot of birdies , " Mickelson said . "  But I 've had too many mistakes , " he admitted . Swede Henrik Stenson , who is leading the Race to Dubai , was completely out of sorts and shot a four-over 76 to stand six-over and in 70th out of the 78-man field .	Dustin Johnson takes halfway lead at HSBC Champions in Shanghai Shoots course record equaling 63 at Sheshan International First round leader Rory McIlroy falls back into tie for second British Open champion Phil Mickelson seven shots adrift
San Rafael , California  CNN  At 74 years old , Marilyn Price still remembers the first time she rode a bike . "  My father let go of my seat , and there I was on my own , " she said . Years later , Price realized the power of biking to change lives . During a 1982 mountain biking trip in northern California , Price reached a point on the trail where she could see all of San Francisco . Looking out at the city , she thought of the children she met while volunteering at a soup kitchen there . And it hit her : She wanted to give them the same experience . "  There 's nothing like biking up a mountain and looking behind you to see all you 've accomplished , " she said . Price has since helped more than 25,000 at-risk children from the San Francisco Bay Area get off urban streets and into nature through her nonprofit , Trips for Kids . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 In addition to mountain bike excursions , the group provides bike mechanic training and the chance for young people to earn credit toward their own bikes . Today , Trips for Kids has expanded to 90 chapters around the world , serving more than 15,000 children each year . See more CNN Heroes CNN 's Allie Torgan spoke with Price about the impact of her efforts . Below is an edited version of their conversation . CNN : For many of the young people in your program , this is their first time on a mountain bike . How do they react ? Marilyn Price : Many of them have never really left the city . To them , life is automobiles and buildings . Everything is concrete . But you bring them where there are no buildings , no cars , it is like , "  Wow ! I did n't know that this exists . " I think we 're planting a seed that there are alternatives to getting into trouble . They can get on a bike and go to a place that is very much unlike where they live and do something positive . It 's giving them the notion that there is something else . CNN : And their experience goes beyond bike trips . What else do you offer ? Price : The second is our Earn-a-Bike program , where kids in the community come after school . They learn bike mechanics , and while they 're participating they are earning credit . They can use it to buy bikes or parts . They 're buying bikes for themselves , for their parents or siblings . I just love the idea of having them work toward a goal . They 're really learning skills that will help them in the future . The third  program  is our bike thrift shop , where anyone in the community can come shop for a discounted bike . We call it Trips for Kids Re-Cyclery . All of the bikes and bike gear are donated . It provides 60 % of what we need to run our programs . And it is 100 % an environmental program . We follow the three ` Rs ' very rigorously : reduce , reuse and then recycle ! CNN : Trips For Kids has grown well beyond San Francisco . Why do you think this model works so well ? Price : It 's easy to use the bike to introduce kids to the environment because the bike is universally loved by children . The bike allows us to introduce them to a healthy lifestyle and good work habits .  It 's  a tool to impart these life lessons . Right now there are 90 chapters , literally around the world , that are repeating our experiences . They all do bike rides and then some of them , as they get more developed like we did , also start their own Earn-a-Bike programs or their own bike thrift shops to support themselves . CNN : Did you ever imagine your simple idea would have such an impact ? Price : I wear my Trips For Kids T-shirt wherever I go . I went into the bank one day here in Marin County , and there was a young girl who was the teller . She looked at my T-shirt , and she said , "  Wow -- you 're with Trips For Kids ? That was the best experience I 've ever had . I will never forget it . " I do n't know how many stories there are like that , but it 's planting that seed . I just love every minute of it . Seeing the results of what we were accomplishing just had me stick with it . Since I started the notion , I have n't given up and hope to continue forever . Want to get involved ? Check out the Trips For Kids website at www.tripsforkids.org and see how to help .	For three decades , Marilyn Price has helped at-risk kids use bikes to experience nature Her nonprofit , Trips for Kids , has 90 chapters worldwide , serving more than 15,000 children a year
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Ivory Coast 's diplomatic squabble centered Wednesday on a siege laid to a posh waterfront hotel where the president-elect has been holed up under the protection of United Nations peacekeepers . The world body , meanwhile , said it would ask the Security Council to approve up to 2,000 more troops to help ensure the presidency for Alassane Ouattara , recognized as the rightful winner of the disputed election that sparked the current political crisis . Alain Le Roy , the under-secretary-general for U.N. peacekeeping , said after a Security Council briefing that he was worried "  we are facing more difficulties " in Ivory Coast . As the political standoff continued , the top U.S. diplomat on Africa said Laurent Gbagbo , the defiant self-declared president , had "  stolen " the vote that removed him from office . "  There is no question but that the election in the Ivory Coast was stolen by President Gbagbo and those around him , " Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson told reporters Wednesday . Gbagbo 's "  continued presence in office amounts to a theft of the election , " Carson said . The United States and other countries have offered Gbagbo what they call a "  dignified exit , " which could mean living and working in other countries , including the United States . Gbagbo , however , has ignored those offers and has refused to accept telephone calls from U.S. officials . Carson said Gbagbo has challenged democracy not only in Ivory Coast but also in the entire region . Gbagbo , appearing to be softening his stance , had agreed to remove a military blockade around Ouattara 's headquarters , but had not done so by Wednesday afternoon . "  The promise has not been kept , " Le Roy said . Alcide Djedje , Gbagbo 's foreign minister , said Gbagbo justified the continued siege as "  a measure of security " because 300 of Ouattara 's soldiers within the hotel are heavily armed . This hotel is a short boat ride from Gbagbo 's residence . Djedje said the armed soldiers also posed a danger to people living near the hotel . Gbagbo , said Djedje , is waiting for Ouattara to release the soldiers before pulling back the military . "  The information I have is that he will lift the blockade , " said Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , the African Union envoy for the mediation effort . "  He called the head of the military in our presence and asked him to lift the embargo , and I 'm assuming that has happened . " Odinga , who visited Abidjan earlier this week with a delegation representing West African states , said Gbagbo was open to a meeting with the president-elect . "  He  Gbagbo  does not want any conditions , " Odinga said . "  He wants amnesty , he wants to know he 's safe if he chooses to stay . These are things that have to be discussed face-to-face . " In short , Odinga said , the disputed president is willing to negotiate unconditionally . "  But Ouattara is not willing to negotiate unless Gbagbo accepts that he 's president , " Odinga said . "  Ouattara is being difficult . " Ouattara has said he will ensure protection for Gbagbo if he concedes , Odinga said . Major organizations , including the Economic Community of West African States and the African Union , have declared Ouattara the winner of the November 28 presidential runoff vote . Gbagbo , the incumbent , considers himself the rightful winner , and has not budged amid international pressure on him to step down . Violence following Gbagbo 's refusal to vacate office has left more than 170 people dead in Ivory Coast and disrupted life for residents in Abidjan , the country 's commercial hub . West African states will oust Gbagbo using military force if the standoff continues , Odinga said . "  We made it very clear that the stand of the African Union and ECOWAS is that Ouattara is the legitimate president , " he said . "  And in the absence of a peaceful settlement , military action will be pursued . " Odinga , who was named prime minister after an election dispute led to the formation of a coalition government in Kenya , said power-sharing will not be an option for the West African nation . "  It is dangerous , " Odinga said . "  It was replicated in Kenya and Zimbabwe , and set a dangerous precedence ... because it tells losers that they can cling to power in the hopes that a power-sharing will be worked out . " A coalition government is not "  a healthy process , " he said . "  Losers must agree to surrender power . " The United States will not consider a power - sharing agreement because the outcome of the election was clear , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said . "  No one disputes the results of the election besides President Gbagbo , " Crowley told reporters . "  And we believe that for the future of democracy in Cote d'Ivoire and West Africa that he should step down . And that is why we continue to support diplomatic efforts to resolve that with the peaceful transfer of power to Mr. Ouattara . " Cote d'Ivoire is the French name for Ivory Coast , a former French colony . Gbagbo has demanded a recount , which mediators have said is not an option because the election documents have been in the custody of his supporters . Mediators will return to Ivory Coast in the near future , but a date has not been set , Odinga said . CNN 's Whitney Hurst , Faith Karimi and Jill Dougherty and journalist Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : Top U.S. envoy says Laurent Gbagbo stole the vote Gbagbo says he 'll lift a siege on his rival 's hotel , but the blockade continues Wednesday Gbagbo is open to talks , Kenyan prime minister says
This Old House Magazine  -- As American as fireworks in July , official state flowers honor the natural diversity of our country . The idea dates back to 1893 , when , for a national garland at the Chicago World 's Fair , each state was asked to nominate a floral emblem . The sunflower was a shoo-in for Kansas , suggesting "  the majesty of a golden future . " But debates raged in other states as they struggled for consensus on a single bloom . In some close contests , legislators turned to botanists to break a tie . Or they consulted schoolchildren , who , in Colorado , chose the Rocky Mountain columbine and , in Rhode Island , the violet . Most of these picks are common natives that bloom on summer roadsides or are familiar transplants , comfortably at home in their adopted state . Many are also such great all-around garden plants that -- no matter where you live -- they 'll thrive with little fuss , adding notes of carefree Americana to your landscape . No bloom holds more titles than the rose . It 's an official emblem for New York , Georgia , North Dakota , Iowa , and Oklahoma , as well as the national flower of the U.S.A. Here , we present 15 state flowers  find the 35 other state flowers at This Old House Magazine  , along with growing tips and recommended varieties . Show off your national pride with these favorites . Alabama : Camellia Camellia japonica Though native to Asia , the camellia replaced goldenrod as Alabama 's state flower in 1927 , when the ladies of the state successfully lobbied for the change because they felt its elegance was more appropriate than the wildflower 's weed-like looks . Camellia , with its glossy evergreen leaves and large cupped flowers , blooms when few other plants do -- in late winter to early spring . Plant partial-shade-loving camellias such as ` Rubescens Major , ' shown here , in slightly acidic soil that drains well . This Old House Magazine : 12 Deadliest Garden Plants Alaska : Forget-Me-Not Myosotis alpestris Before statehood , Alaska 's territorial legislature picked the wild forget-me-not as its bloom , calling it "  the emblem of the pioneers upon the rugged trail " in the bill 's descriptive marginalia . With its mounding habit and flocks of true-blue spring and summer flowers , it 's a charming filler around bulbs and in rock gardens or containers . Fragrant at night , the self-sowing perennial thrives in full to dappled sun and moist , free-draining soil . The cultivar ` Ultramarine '  shown  has a more compact habit than the species , growing only 6 inches high and a foot across . Arizona : Saguaro Cactus Blossom Carnegiea gigantea Even before Arizona achieved statehood , the saguaro cactus blossom was selected as the territory 's symbol , in 1901 ; its status was officially signed into law 30 years later . This fragrant , creamy white flower blooms from the tips of saguaro cacti in late spring , opening up at night and early into the morning . It is found exclusively in the Sonoran Desert . This Old House Magazine : Best Garden Flowers for Color All Summer Arkansas : Apple Blossom Pyrus coronaria At one time a major apple-producing state , Arkansas decreed the apple blossom its official flower in 1901 . The pink-and-white blooms of Pyrus coronaria  American crabapple tree , shown  are extremely fragrant , appearing March through May , followed in September by clusters of light green to reddish bitter fruits . The tree 's relatively small height  6 to 14 feet  and three seasons of interest make it a good candidate for a focal point in the residential landscape . California : California Poppy Eschscholzia californica By the 1700s , when Spanish sailors dubbed poppy-blanketed California the "  land of fire , " indigenous peoples had long valued the wildflower for food and medicine . Emblematic of the Golden State , it 's a drought-tolerant , easy-to-sow perennial in mild climates and a winning annual elsewhere , blooming in spring sunshine and closing at night . Sow seeds in well-drained soil and pull most plants once they 've faded , but let some go to seed . The most familiar California poppy is orange-gold , but selections range widely : ` Carmine King ' has red ruffles with white centers , ` Mission Bells ' is a semi-double mix of hues  shown  , and ` Thai Silk Lemon Blush ' is yellow-cream . This Old House Magazine : Vibrant Blooming Plants for a Late Summer Garden Colorado : Rocky Mountain Columbine Aquilegia caerulea Blue stands for sky , white for snow , and yellow for the state 's gold-mining history in this hardy perennial , which got the Colorado children 's vote in 1899 . Later , "  Where the Columbines Grow " became the state song , enhancing the appeal of the fragrant wildlife magnet . If you sow seeds in fall , the plants sprout in spring but take another year to bloom . For a head start , plant seedlings in spring , keep them moist , and deadhead flowers to encourage more . Though the Colorado native  shown  is the familiar blue and white , cultivars include dwarf variety ` Red Hobbit ' and multihued ` Origami Mix . ' Connecticut : Mountain Laurel Kalmia latifolia This fragrant , star-shaped flower was first recorded in America in 1624 by Captain John Smith and was designated Connecticut 's state flower in 1907 . A plant with a past -- Native Americans made spoons from the wood -- this dense evergreen shrub adapts to a variety of light conditions  partial shade to full sun  . Mountain laurel blooms from late spring to midsummer . All parts of the plant are toxic if ingested , so keep away from children and pets . This Old House Magazine : Front Yard Plantings to Make an Entrance Delaware : Peach Blossom Prunus persica In the late 19th century , Delaware 's orchards were producing so many peaches -- more than 800,000 fruits annually -- that the state came to be known as the Peach State . This moniker prompted lawmakers to pass an act , in 1895 , adopting the peach blossom as the state flower . A deciduous tree with glossy leaves that follow showy spring flowers , it grows to a modest 25 feet tall , making it a good candidate for a backyard orchard in warmer zones . Florida : Orange Blossom Citrus sinensis Adopted as the state flower by the legislature in 1909 , millions of these legendarily fragrant white flowers scent the air throughout central and south Florida each spring . Upright , pyramidal flower clusters turn into fruit the following autumn or winter . A compact , evergreen tree that 's easy to grow in warmer climates , this citrus tree can be successfully grown as an indoor plant where winters dip below freezing . This Old House Magazine : Avoid Invasives : Plant This , Not That Georgia : Cherokee Rose Rosa laevigata This spring bloomer achieved state-flower status in 1916 under the false impression that it was native to the region . Despite its Chinese origins , the rose has grown naturally throughout the southeast for centuries and became a symbol of hope to the Cherokees who were forced to march the infamous Trail of Tears in 1838 . The sprawling climber easily reaches 20 feet in height , and while its sweet-scented flowers are fleeting , its plump orange hips and evergreen foliage offer color in later seasons . Hawaii : Yellow Hibiscus Hibiscus brackenridgei Though the hibiscus was designated the territorial flower in 1922 , it was n't until 1988 that the particular species Hibiscus brackenridgei was chosen by the Hawaii state legislature . A sun-loving , profuse bloomer , this shrub is covered in large , pure yellow flowers in spring and early summer . Due to its status on the federal endangered species list , Hawaiians are encouraged to plant this hibiscus , known to the locals as ma'o hau hele , in their home gardens . This Old House Magazine : Grow a Healthy Vegetable Garden Idaho : Lewis 's Mock Orange Philadelphus lewisii First discovered and collected by Meriwether Lewis -- half of the famed explorer duo -- and noted in his journal in 1806 , this deciduous shrub was a favorite of Native Americans for making bows , arrows , cradles , and other utilitarian goods . Designated Idaho 's state flower over a decade later , in 1931 , Philadelphus lewisii grows in full sun or partial shade and tops out at about 10 feet tall . Clusters of small white flowers with a rich orange-blossom scent bloom from late spring to midsummer . Illinois : Common Violet Viola sororia Voted in by schoolchildren in 1908 , the native wildflower , with its purple-to-white-petaled blooms and heart-shaped leaves , is a common sight in the state 's fields and woodlands . Despite its dainty appearance , the violet makes a tough garden plant . The self-sowing groundcover is highly deer resistant , tolerates clay soil , and thrives in full sun in cooler climates or partial shade in warmer zones . Indiana : Peony Paeonia lactiflora The peony was designated the Hoosier State 's flower in 1957 . It was the fourth different bloom to hold the title in less than 100 years , replacing the carnation , the flower of the tulip tree , and the zinnia . Once established , peonies are winter hardy , relatively pest-free , and can live for 50 years or longer . Early-summer bloomers , peony blossoms may be single , semi-double , or double  such as ` Sarah Bernhardt , ' shown  , in a range of colors from white to pink to dark red . Read about the 35 other state flowers at This Old House Magazine . What a wonderful world : 13 fabulous gardens Copyright & COPY ; 2014 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The state flower designations date back to the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair Legislators consulted botanists and even school children to make selections The rose is the most popular floral emblem nationwide and it 's the national flower of the U.S.A.
Washington  CNN  -- Two officers in the troubled New Orleans Police Department have been indicted in connection with the beating death of a civilian in 2005 , according to the U.S. Justice Department . The federal indictment alleges that Officer Melvin Williams kicked the victim and struck him with a baton , fracturing his ribs and rupturing his spleen . The victim , Raymond Robair , was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead . Williams and Officer Matthew Moore were also charged with obstructing justice when they submitted a false incident report and failed to tell hospital personnel Williams had beaten Robair , according to the indictment in the Eastern District of Louisiana . Details of the indictment were released by the U.S. Justice Department in Washington . Moore also allegedly lied about the incident in an FBI investigation in March of this year according to the indictment . Moore is accused of telling federal agents Williams had not kicked or beaten Robair . Robair 's death occurred in July 2005 , two months before the city was slammed by Hurricane Katrina . The indictment of the two officers comes only weeks after five current and former members of the police department were indicted in connection with two deaths at the Danziger Bridge in New Orleans in the immediate aftermath of Katrina . All of the charges come as the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division continues a separate broad investigation into the "  patterns or practices " of alleged misconduct within the New Orleans police department . On May 17 , Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez told New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu that the Justice Department will investigate "  allegations of excessive force , unconstitutional searches and seizures , racial profiling , failures to provide adequate police services to particular neighborhoods and related misconduct . " On July 13 , in a visit to New Orleans to announce the Danziger Bridge indictments , Attorney General Eric Holder vowed the Justice Department "  will not tolerate wrongdoing by those who have sworn to protect the public . " "  Making sure that this city 's police department is the best that it can be is our sacred obligation , " Holder told a crowd in the city .	Two News Orleans officers face federal charges in a 2005 beating death The incident occurred before Hurricane Katrina slammed New Orleans Five other current and former New Orleans officers were charged in two deaths after Katrina The Justice Department continues a broad investigation into alleged misconduct
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British government announced Friday that more than 4,000 former Gurkha soldiers are entitled to settle in Britain , but Gurkha supporters quickly denounced the measure as meaningless . Former Gurkha solider Tulbahadur Pun was awarded Britain 's highest honor for bravery , the Victoria Cross . Supporters have fought for years for more rights for the Gurkhas , Nepalese soldiers who have been part of the British Army for nearly 200 years . Gurkhas have fought alongside the British Armed Forces in every conflict in that period , including both world wars , and are known for their ferocity and pride . Despite their centuries of service , Gurkhas were not given the right to settle in the United Kingdom until 2004 . And even then the order applied only to those discharged after the British handover of Hong Kong to China in 1997 , when the Gurkhas Brigade moved from Hong Kong to Britain . The government 's announcement Friday applies to all Gurkhas , including those who left the army before 1997 , if they meet one of five criteria . It also says around 6,000 of the Gurkhas ' dependents may be able to apply for settlement in Britain as well . "  The guidance honors the service , commitment , and gallantry of those who served with the Gurkhas Brigade , " Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas said in a written statement . The Gurkha Justice Campaign , however , said the government 's criteria for the Gurkhas ' resettlement are unrealistic and too difficult for many of the soldiers to meet . "  Only a tiny fraction of the Gurkhas who retired before 1997 will win settlement rights under the new policy , " the campaign said . "  The campaign for full Gurkha justice will now be taken back into Parliament and the courts . The government needs to know they will have a huge campaign against them who will commit to righting this wrong . " The High Court ruled last September that the 1997 cut-off date was fair , but added that caseworkers needed revised guidance on deciding the cases of Gurkhas discharged before that date . Under the guidance , Gurkhas discharged before 1997 must meet one of five criteria to be considered for resettlement in Britain : • Have three years ' continuous residence in Britain , before or after service ; • Have close family settled in the United Kingdom ; • Have an award for gallantry , leadership , or bravery while in the brigade ; • Have a chronic medical condition attributable to or made worse by army service ; • Have served for 20 or more years . Actress Joanna Lumley , whose father served in the Gurkhas while she was a girl , has been an outspoken campaigner for their rights . She said the new criteria are harsher than she expected . "  They 've given five bullet points which virtually can not be met by the ordinary Gurkha soldier , " Lumley told reporters Friday . "  This one page of criteria has taken the government four months to come up with . It has made me ashamed of our administration . " She said most Gurkhas are allowed to stay in the United Kingdom for only two years , so three years of continuous residence is not possible . Most Gurkhas , she said , also have not been allowed to settle in Britain with their families . The requirement for having won an award discriminates against the ordinary soldier who has no award , she said . "  This sends out not only to the Gurkha soldiers , but to our own men fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq , the most appalling message : that unless you have been awarded a medal for gallantry , you 're not a real soldier , " Lumley said . Only officers are allowed to serve 20 or more years , she said , so most riflemen will not qualify for the service requirement . And proving that an injury is related to army service will be nearly impossible for most , she said . "  How on earth are men who were injured in the 1940s , '50s , '60s going to be able to prove that their long-term chronic illness is attributable to injures received during their service ? " she said . A Home Office spokesman said the government believes hundreds of Gurkhas will still be eligible to settle in Britain . "  We would not accept that , " the spokesman said of Lumley 's criticisms . "  We would say that the criteria as we see it is fair and balanced . " The Gurkha brigade originated in the 19th century with Nepalese soldiers who impressed British imperial troops with their ferocity and military ability . The first Gurkha units were formed in 1815 . They saw action in both world wars and were fundamental to the British military maintaining control of India in the 1800s . Today there are 3,400 troops in the Gurkha brigade , operating from bases in Great Britain . Most recently , Gurkha troops were used in the Persian Gulf War and the Balkan conflicts .	British government unveils moves to let more former Gurkha troops live in the UK Gurkhas are part of British armed forces made up of Nepalese fighters Campaigners say qualifying criteria mean most will not be able to settle in UK First Gurkha units formed in 1815 and they fought in every campaign since
CNN  -- Cockiness and swagger serve him on the golf course , but there 's much more to golf 's young phenom , Rory McIlroy . The U.S. Open winner might hang with tennis great Rafael Nadal , knock back some Heinekens or slip the electronic dance sounds of Swedish House Mafia into his iPod . Such tidbits are rolling out these days from the 22-year-old hero of Holywood , Northern Ireland , who won the tournament by eight strokes and instantly drew comparisons to Tiger Woods . "  I did n't realize how much my life would change , even in the last 10 days , " McIlroy said on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " aired Thursday . As Woods has done over the years , McIlroy simply left the competition in the dust . He was the youngest winner of the tournament since the legendary Bobby Jones in 1923 . For someone under a spotlight these days , the athlete with a tousle of hair looked at ease during his interview with Morgan . "  To me , I won a golf tournament and that was the end of it , " McIlroy said . But it really is bigger than that . " He paid tribute to his parents , who both worked when he grew up . His father , Gerry , held down three jobs and was a "  calming influence " during the U.S. Open , said McIlroy , an only child . The U.S. Open gave the golfer a shot of redemption after his final-round meltdown at the Masters in April . "  If anything it made me more determined to prove to people and myself that I was n't ... a choker , " McIlroy said . While saying he was inspired by Woods , McIlroy is n't one to compare himself . But he does n't feel intimidated , either . "  I do n't want to feel inferior to any other golfer in the world , " he told Morgan . "  If you do that , you give them an advantage from the start . " While the young McIlroy has one major championship , Woods has 14 , including three U.S. Open wins . Woods , 35 , has had no PGA wins since taking a brief leave from the game in late 2009 after admitting infidelity . Life on the tour can bring its own problems , McIlroy conceded . "  You need a good team around you to keep you grounded . " McIlroy , who plays in the British Open next month , said he and girlfriend Holly Sweeney are a "  normal couple . " They have two dogs and she is completing her university degree . A fan of boxing and soccer , McIlroy said he does n't want the flash of fame to affect him . After all , there are more tournaments to win . "  I 'm very confident in my own abilities . I believe in myself , " McIlroy said . "  I 'm not playing for money . I 'm playing for a place in history . "	Northern Ireland native won U.S. Open by eight strokes Rory McIlroy says he is playing for history , not the money He tells "  Piers Morgan Tonight " he has swagger on the golf course
CNN  -- The next time you see a motorist obliviously straddling two lanes , do n't fault bad driving , but genetics . In a study published recently in the journal Cerebral Cortex , researcher Steven Cramer found that people with a certain gene variant performed more than 30 percent worse on a driving test than people without it . The study by Cramer , a neurology professor at the University of California Irvine , might also help explain why there are so many bad drivers on U.S. highways : About 30 percent of Americans have the variant . Ordinarily , when a person performs a task , a protein called brain-derived neurotrophic factor  BDNF  is secreted to the area of the brain that is associated with that activity . The protein helps facilitate communication among brain cells and helps retain memory . However in people who have the gene variation that Cramer studied , BDNF secretion is limited . "  These people make more errors from the get-go , and they forget more of what they learned after time away , " Cramer said in a statement . Cramer and his team of researchers set out to find how the variant affected driving . They recruited 29 people to drive 15 laps on a simulated course with difficult curves and turns . Twenty-two of the participants did not have the gene variant ; seven did . The researchers wanted to see how effectively the participants learned to navigate the twists and turns in each subsequent lap . Four days later , they repeated the test . The participants with the variant did worse both times . They also retained less the second go-round . "  I 'd be curious to know the genetics of people who get into car crashes , " Cramer said . "  I wonder if the accident rate is higher for drivers with the variant . " Unfortunately , a test to determine whether someone has the gene variant is not commercially available .	Study finds bad driving may have genetic basis People with certain gene variant performed worse on driving test that those without it Nearly 30 percent of Americans have variant , according to study
London  CNN  -- With all the fuss in the media at the moment about Queen Elizabeth II 's Diamond Jubilee anyone could be forgiven for thinking that the British are united in their adoration of their monarch . The reality is that while a large swathe of public opinion is largely indifferent to the royals -- but happy to have an extra public holiday to mark the jubilee -- many millions want the whole institution of monarchy consigned to the history books . The British republican movement has been growing rapidly over the past 18 months -- thanks in large part to the heightened royal coverage prompted by last year 's wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton and this year 's jubilee . Our cause is simple : it 's about democratic reform and a rejection of inherited power and privilege . The case for Britain becoming a republic is threefold : the monarchy is wrong in principle , in practice and it is wrong politically . We 're supposed to be a democratic society , which means we should cherish and value democratic values , such as equality of citizenship , freedom to participate in government , accountability and transparency . In a democratic society there is no room for a head of state who is put there for life and by birth . A hereditary monarch has no place in a society that believes "  we the people " should be in charge . The principled objection is unanswerable . In practice the monarchy is an institution that is not fit for purpose . It is secretive , having recently lobbied successfully to have itself removed entirely from the reaches of our Freedom of Information laws ; it lobbies government ministers for improvements to its financial benefits and for its own private agenda ; it is hugely costly -- an estimated Â # 202 million a year , enough to pay for thousands of teachers , nurses or police officers at a time of sweeping public spending cuts . The queen and Prince Charles must be asked for consent before our elected parliament is able to debate any legislation that affects their private interests -- that consent is sought in secret and we have no idea whether , how or how many times it has been used . Politically the monarchy is wrong because -- contrary to what is believed by many here and abroad -- it is a central feature of our unwritten constitution . The "  Crown " is the supreme authority in this country -- not the people . The Crown has vast powers that can not be challenged in a court of law and those powers are exercised by the queen on the instruction of our prime minister . Those powers include considerable patronage -- the ability to appoint bishops , government ministers , heads of public bodies and so on -- as well as the power to go to war , sign treaties and change the law through the little-understood Privy Council . Thanks to the Crown there is almost no limit to the power of our politicians other than those limits they place upon themselves  such as our Human Rights Act , which they have the power to repeal  . The pomp of the monarchy is a neat way of distracting from this highly questionable constitutional arrangement . It is the power of the Crown and the authority it gives our politicians that most likely explains the hostility every government has shown the republican movement . But rather than engage with the issue on these serious matters most monarchists instead implore us to believe in fantasy and make-believe . "  The queen has never put a foot wrong " is the time-honored clichÃ © , along with "  but what about all the tourism the monarchy generates ? " The tourism argument goes that as Britain has a monarchy and also attracts a lot of tourists , the monarchy obviously acts as a great tourism magnet and therefore generates millions of pounds of revenue and economic activity . The problem is that there are no facts to back this up . Does the monarchy pay its way ? There is no reason to believe that if Britain abandoned the monarchy tourism would suffer -- that 's something even the head of official tourism agency VisitBritain has acknowledged . Our history is certainly an attraction -- and the great thing about our history is that it will always be there regardless of what we do in the future . Selling hotel rooms and "  I Love London " T-shirts is , anyway , no reason to abandon a proud ambition for democratic reform . As for the queen , well we really have no idea how she has done her job given that most of it is done behind closed doors . There has never been any real scrutiny of her role and she has never had to compete in open and free competition for the job . If keeping quiet and cutting ribbons is all we can expect of our head of state then perhaps we can agree she 's done well -- but surely we can expect more . As a national figurehead and leading public figure the queen has utterly failed to do anything of note or worth . After 60 years who can quote a famous speech or point to a moment of crisis or celebration when the queen offered leadership and inspiration ? For all the failures of the monarchy -- in principle , practice and in political terms -- the queen and the institution offer little in return but an empty chair where an inspiring national figure could have stood . These are the reasons why come the jubilee , republicans will be rejecting the celebrations and demanding real democratic change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Graham Smith .	Millions want monarchy consigned to history , argues Graham Smith of Republic group Republic says monarchy is wrong in principle , in practice and politically No room in democracy for head of state who is put there for life and by birth , Smith says Most monarchists implore us to believe in fantasy about queen 's role , he adds
CNN  To watch or not to watch . That is the question for 12 jurors and six alternates in the Massachusetts murder trial of former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez when the region 's beloved Patriots play in Super Bowl XLIX on Sunday . On a day in which the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd took the stand and Lloyd 's mother again left the courtroom in tears , Bristol County Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh on Friday had a warning for the jury . "  I am not going to forbid you from watching the Super Bowl if that 's something that 's really important to you , " she said . But the judge closed the second day of testimony by advising jurors to be vigilant for mention of Hernandez , who helped lead the Patriots to Super Bowl XLVI nearly three years ago . "  You hear that word , you 've got to walk out of the room , " Garsh said . "  Distance yourself . " Hernandez will not be watching his former team . He 's incarcerated in a high security unit where prisoners are forbidden from watching TV . Hernandez , 25 , pleaded not guilty in the 2013 killing of Lloyd , 27 , who dated the sister of Hernandez 's fiancée . Two alleged accomplices , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . As she did one day earlier , Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , walked out of the courtroom sobbing as prosecutors showed the jury graphic photos of her son 's body . Lloyd , who was shot six times , was shown lying on his back in the industrial park where his body was found . Later Friday , Shaneah Jenkins , 23 , who was dating Lloyd at the time of his death , took the witness stand . Her sister , Shayanna , is Hernandez 's fiancee and mother of his child . Shaneah Jenkins testified that she introduced Lloyd to Hernandez on her birthday in August 2012 . Jenkins told the jury that Lloyd and Hernandez were in the "  beginning stages of a friendship . " She said the two men and others would gather in Hernandez 's basement "  man cave " -- with fitness and theater rooms , a bar and pool table emblazoned with the Patriots ' logo -- to smoke marijuana . But Jenkins said she was not aware of her boyfriend and Hernandez hanging out except for the day Lloyd was killed . In opening statements Thursday , defense lawyer Michael Fee said the two men were close friends and that Hernandez had no reason to kill Lloyd . Fee described the victim as one of his client 's "  partying pals " who was known as the "  blunt master " for the marijuana cigars he often procured for Hernandez . The two men could have been brothers-in-law , he said . "  Aaron Hernandez is not the murderer of his friend , " Fee said . "  In June 2013 , Aaron Hernandez was planning his future , not a murder . " The case has divided the Jenkins sisters , who sit on opposite sides of the courtroom -- Shaneah with Lloyd 's mother and Shayanna with Hernandez 's family . Shayanna was not in court Friday . Other witnesses Friday described how Lloyd 's body was found near Hernandez 's house . One man said he saw the victim on his back , stiff and motionless , with "  flies flying in and out of his nose . " In the front row , Lloyd 's mother wept . On Thursday , prosecutor Patrick Bomberg said Hernandez not only orchestrated , but also participated in and covered up the killing . Bomberg summed up the prosecution 's largely circumstantial case , telling the jury that Hernandez and his associates killed Lloyd and then "  took evidence with them and tried to and , in some cases were successful , in destroying evidence . " The three picked up Lloyd and drove to a secluded area where he was shot and killed , Bomberg said . A marijuana blunt found near Lloyd 's body had traces of both his DNA and that of Hernandez , Bomberg said . Hernandez 's DNA also was found on a .45 - caliber shell casing found in a car he had rented . A footprint at the industrial park where Lloyd 's body was found matched sneakers worn by Hernandez , the prosecutor said . Though the motive for the killing is unclear , Bomberg said Lloyd and Hernandez were at a nightclub days before and the defendant appeared annoyed . Hernandez was angry when he left the club . The defense said the one-time NFL star worth $ 40 million was targeted by police and prosecutors in the death of the semipro football player because of celebrity status . Hernandez "  never had a chance " as authorities zeroed in , Fee told the jury . Fee sought to plant doubt in the jury , saying police went after Hernandez from the start . "  As soon as they found out Aaron Hernandez -- a celebrity football player for the New England Patriots -- was a friend of Odin Lloyd 's , it was over , " he said . The prosecution will try to "  dazzle and distract you " with the fruits of an investigation that was "  sloppy and unprofessional , " Fee said . The case against his client is "  just a story and it 's not true , " he added . The prosecutors will argue that Lloyd 's killing was a "  joint venture . " Under Massachusetts state law , prosecutors do n't necessarily have to prove who pulled the trigger . Under joint venture , anyone who actively participates in a killing can be found guilty , according to legal experts . On June 16 , 2013 , Lloyd was riding with friends in a black Chevrolet Suburban , which police later learned was rented by Hernandez . Close friend Daryl Hodge was with Lloyd when he said Lloyd got a text from Hernandez , asking to hang out later that night . As they parted ways , Lloyd told Hodge he 'd see him later . Lloyd 's body was found the next day . The judge has blocked any mention that Hernandez was indicted in connection with two other killings in Boston . Hernandez pleaded not guilty in the shooting deaths of Ernesto Abreu and Safiro Furtado outside a bar in Boston in 2012 . A trial date has n't been set . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	Judge closes Day Two of Aaron Hernandez murder trial with a warning Odin Lloyd 's girlfriend testifies that victim and Hernandez were not close Former New England Patriots tight end has pleaded not guilty in the death of Lloyd
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard said Sunday it has suspended its search for four British sailors missing since Friday . The 40-foot  12 meters  Cheeki Rafiki was sailing from the Caribbean to the United Kingdom Thursday when it began taking on water , according to the yacht 's managing agent . "  Unfortunately , we lost contact during the early hours of Friday morning , and we believe the crew abandoned to the life raft , " Doug Innes said in a statement . Royal Yachting Association identified the missing yachtsmen as skipper Andrew Bridge , 21 ; Steve Warren , 52 ; Paul Goslin , 56 ; and James Male , 23 . The Coast Guard 's Boston-based 1st District coordinated a multinational search of 4,146 square miles for the crew . "  Although the search efforts coordinated by Boston were exceptional , we are devastated that search has been called off so soon after the abandonment to a life raft , " Innes said . The Coast Guard said in a Sunday news release that a merchant vessel located an overturned hull the day before that matched the description of the Cheeki Rafiki , but there was no sign of the sailors . "  We appreciate the assistance of the U.S. Air Force , Canadian and the three merchant vessels helping us to conduct a thorough search so far from shore , " said Capt. Anthony Popiel , 1st Coast Guard District chief of response . "  We are extremely disappointed that we were not able to locate the sailors during the course of this extensive search . Our thoughts and prayers are with their families during this difficult time . " Innes describes the Cheeki Rafiki on his company 's website as "  a performance racer/cruiser and suitable for both the inshore and offshore circuit " and that she is "  equipped for trans-Atlantic sailing and racing . " Sailor so ` rich ' he forgot $ 100k yacht CNN 's Haimy Assefa and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Four British sailors are believed to have abandoned ship Friday The 40-foot Cheeki Rafiki began taking on water Thursday Coast Guard suspends efforts after searching more than 4000 square miles
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After spending nearly 28 years in an irreversible coma , heiress and socialite Martha "  Sunny " von Bulow died Saturday in a New York nursing home , according to a family statement . She was 76 . Sunny von Bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to Prince Alfred von Auersperg . Von Bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s . Her husband , Claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma . He was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal . He was acquitted in a second trial . His retrial in 1985 received national attention . "  We were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from Von Bulow 's three children -- Annie Laurie "  Ala " Isham , Alexander von Auersperg and Cosima Pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman . "  She was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . " Martha von Bulow was born Martha Sharp Crawford into a wealthy family . She inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von Bulow case posted on truTV.com 's Crime Library Web site . In her early years , she drew comparisons to actress Grace Kelly . She became known as Princess von Auersperg with her first marriage , to Prince Alfred von Auersperg of Austria . That marriage produced two children : Alexander and Annie Laurie . The von Bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , Cosima . On the morning of December 22 , 1980 , family members found Martha von Bulow unconscious in the bathroom of the family 's posh Newport , Rhode Island , home . She never regained consciousness . She had been hospitalized a year earlier after lapsing into a coma but recovered , according to the Crime Library site . Doctors had diagnosed her with hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar . Prosecutors accused Claus von Bulow of twice attempting to kill his wife by injecting her with insulin . The case also led to a major motion picture , "  Reversal of Fortune . " Actor Jeremy Irons won an Oscar for his portrayal of Claus von Bulow . Famed defense attorney Alan Dershowitz , who won Claus von Bulow a new trial on appeal after his conviction , said in a statement Saturday that Martha von Bulow 's death is "  a sad ending to a sad tragedy that some members of her family tried to turn into a crime . We proved overwhelming -LSB- ly -RSB- that there was no crime and that the coma was self-induced . We saved his life , but could not save hers . " Claus von Bulow 's defense team maintained that Martha von Bulow 's alcohol use , among other factors , caused her coma . Dershowitz said he had spoken with Claus von Bulow , who now lives in London , England . Claus von Bulow was saddened by his former wife 's passing , Dershowitz said . The family statement said Martha von Bulow is survived by her children , their spouses and nine grandchildren . Alexander von Auersperg and Ala von Auersperg Isham , who had sided with prosecutors against Claus von Bulow , filed a civil suit against their stepfather after his acquittal . The case was settled out of court in 1987 , according to a 2007 article in the Providence Journal newspaper in Rhode Island . Claus von Bulow had agreed to waive his claim to his wife 's money and to a divorce in exchange for the suit being dropped . The von Bulows ' daughter , Cosima , sided with her father . Vanity Fair writer Dominick Dunne , who covered the von Bulow case , told the New York Daily News in 2007 that Sunny von Bulow was moved from Columbia Presbyterian hospital to a private nursing home in 1998 . Watch Dunne recall case " Ala von Auersperg Isham served for a time as president of the Sunny von Bulow Coma and Head Trauma Research Foundation , according to the Providence Journal . An offshoot of that organization , the Brain Trauma Foundation , still operates in New York , the newspaper said . The family statement notes that Martha von Bulow actively supported the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Metropolitan Opera and the J.P. Morgan Library in New York and the Preservation Society of Newport , Rhode Island . A private memorial service will be held for family and friends in New York in the coming days , the family statement said Saturday , along with a private burial . CNN 's Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	Husband Claus von Bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose Conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial Claus von Bulow , living in England , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says She is survived by three children and nine grandchildren
In Twitter 's popularity contest , Katy Perry is the new queen bee . The 29-year-old pop star has edged out Justin Bieber as the most popular person on the social networking site , boasting 46,529,319 followers in comparison to Bieber 's 46,507,829 on Monday morning . While the public 's opinion on Bieber is typically divided , the 19-year-old singer has reigned supreme on Twitter after passing Lady Gaga as the most popular on the site in January . The Mother Monster now has the third most followed account with 40,400,759 followers , according to TwitterCounter.com , putting her ahead of President Barack Obama . Neither Bieber nor Perry immediately noted the Twitter shake-up , although Bieber has had a busy weekend . Following a set of performances in Brazil -- and some eyebrow-raising allegations from the New York Post 's Page Six -- the Canadian crooner was preparing to release a new song on Monday . The track 's ironically appropriate title ? "  Bad Day . "	Katy Perry is now the most popular person on Twitter The singer has knocked Justin Bieber out of the No. 1 spot Lady Gaga is the third most popular , ahead of President Obama
New York  CNN  -- Dennis deLeon , former New York City human rights commissioner and long-time AIDS activist , has died , according to the organization he helped launch . He was 61 . The Latino Commission on AIDS issued a news release Monday , saying that deLeon was a "  pioneer " and a "  visionary , " as well as a "  tireless advocate for social justice and one of the first openly HIV-positive Latino leaders in the country . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised deLeon on Monday , saying in a statement that the activist "  demonstrated a lifelong commitment to public service . " After being appointed as the director of the mayor 's Commission on Latino Concerns in 1986 , deLeon went on to serve in other civic roles , including being selected by then-Mayor David Dinkins in 1990 to head the New York City Commission on Human Rights . In 1994 , he returned to the private sector and helped found the Latino Commission on AIDS , where he served as its president for 15 years . According to its Web site , "  The Latino Commission on AIDS is a nonprofit membership organization dedicated to fighting the spread of HIV/AIDS in the Latino community . " "  It will be a challenge to pick up the mantle Dennis has left for us at the Commission . Dennis was a friend , a mentor and an example of what a national leader should be . ... His work and his dedication to our community will not be forgotten , " said Guillermo Chacon , current Latino Commission on AIDS president , in the release .	Dennis deLeon was a human rights commissioner , long-time AIDS activist The Latino Commission called him a "  pioneer , " "  tireless advocate for social justice " Commission president : "  It will be a challenge to pick up the mantle Dennis has left for us " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg praises deLeon
CNN  -- New sprint sensation Christophe Lemaitre became the first Frenchman to win three gold medals at a major athletics event on Sunday as his country finished second in the table behind Russia at the European Championships . Lemaitre , the first white man to break the 10-second barrier over 100 meters last month , helped his 4x100m relay team to triumph in Barcelona and add to the 20-year-old 's double in the individual sprints . Martial Mbandjock , who had earlier won two bronzes behind his teammate , snatched victory on the final leg as Italy were beaten back into second with Germany third . France 's women 's 4x100m team finished second behind shock winners Ukraine , who set the fastest time this year of 42.29 seconds . Poland denied the favored Russians a medal , but their larger neighbors won both the men 's and women 's 4x400m relay events as they finished with a total of 10 golds and 24 podium placings -- six more than France . Distance double for Britain 's Farah Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad and Bouabdallah Tahri gave France a 1-2 in the men 's 3000m steeplechase as Spain 's Jose Luis Blanco took bronze . The hosts ended the competition in sixth place with two golds and eight medals overall after Nuria Fernandez and Natalia Rodriguez finished first and second in the women 's 1,500 m ahead of third-placed French runner Hind Dehiba , while Russian favorite Anna Alminova was back in sixth . Alemitu Bekele denied Turkey teammate Elvan Abeylegesse a 5,000m-10 ,000 m double after passing the tiring former world record-holder on the home straight in the shorter distance , with Portugal 's Sara Moreira third . Sprint double for Lemaitre In the women 's high jump , Croatia 's two-time world champion Blanka Vlasic won with a late leap of 2.03 m to head off Sweden 's Emma Green and Germany 's Ariane Friedrich . Germany 's Christian Reif won the men 's long jump with this year 's leading mark of 8.47 m to comfortably beat France 's Kafetien Gomis and Britain 's Chris Tomlinson . The British team finished third overall with six golds and 19 medals in total , a record for the team , after also taking silver in the men 's 4x400m and bronze in the women 's event . Lemaitre claims 100m gold in Barcelona Poland 's Piotr Malachowski won the men 's discus from Germany 's Robert Harting and Robert Fazekas of Hungary , while Switzerland finally won a medal after Victor Rothlin won the men 's marathon in a time of two hours and 15.31 minutes to comfortably head off Spain 's Chema Martinez and Russia 's Dmitriy Safronov . This is the last time that the event will be held every four years , with the next staging in Finland to start a biennial cycle -- ending just 26 days before the start of the 2012 Olympics in London .	Russia finish top of medals table at European Athletics Championships in Barcelona Russians win 10 golds and 24 medals overall to head off France and Britain Sprinter Christophe Lemaitre becomes first Frenchman to win three golds at major event The 20-year-old helps his team win men 's 4x100m relay from Italy
Mashable  -- Dropbox has launched a major redesign , simplifying many file management tasks and bringing a new video and photo viewer . The first thing you 'll notice in the new Dropbox UI is the action bar which lets you sort files by name , date , size and type . Click on a file , and the action bar will get new options -- for example , you can download , delete , rename , move or copy a file from there . You can also perform these actions by right-clicking on a file , which makes Dropbox more similar to Microsoft 's Windows Explorer than ever . Dropbox now also has a new video and photo viewer , which lets you view these types of content on your entire screen . Photos and videos  this includes Photoshop and Illustrator files  now also have thumbnails , which makes them easier to preview . Finally , new Dropbox supports drag-and-drop , simple multiple file selections , and keyboard shortcuts  hit " ? " for a full list  . Dropbox search now also instantly pulls results as you type . According to Dropbox , this redesign is only the first step in a complete overhaul of the service , with more new stuff coming in the "  next few months " . How do you like the new Dropbox ? Share your opinions in the comments ! See the original article on Mashable © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Redesigned Dropbox has new action bar that lets users sort files Dropbox supports drag-and-drop , simple multiple file sections and keyboard shortcuts Photo and video viewer lets you see this content on your entire screen
Washington  CNN  The House of Representatives ' Sergeant at Arms said Thursday that Congress was "  never in danger " from a plot by a United States citizen to attack the U.S. Capitol , but that officials are still monitoring the situation . In an email obtained by CNN that was sent to all House members and staff , Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving says that "  law enforcement was diligent from the onset and the FBI was able to quickly identify the threat , investigate , and make an arrest . " "  The public , and in particular the Congressional community , was never in danger during the investigation . The United States Capitol Police  USCP  remains in close coordination with the FBI and my office continues to monitor the situation , " Irving writes . "  We will keep you informed of any important developments that may arise . " Irving also urges the Capitol community to "  maintain vigilance and security awareness at all times . " "  I know you have heard it before , but it bears repeating today : if you see something , say something , " he adds . The email comes just the day after the FBI successfully foiled a plot to attack the U.S. Capitol that was being developed by Christopher Lee Cornell , a 20-year-old Ohioan who was allegedly inspired by ISIS . The incident is the latest to highlight the threat posed by radicalized young men used by terrorist groups to carry out attacks in their own countries . The terrorists in France last week became increasingly radicalized while in prison before traveling to Yemen , where at least one met with the American jihadist Anwar al-Awlaki , a notorious al Qaeda cleric . The brothers ' travel to Yemen and intelligence reports that one also traveled to Syria turned the West 's worst fears -- foreign fighters returning to the West to carry out attacks -- into a grisly reality . And Maine Sen. Angus King , a member of the Senate 's intelligence and armed services committee , said on Thursday echoed intelligence assessments that "  lone wolf " terrorists are the "  toughest " threat to counter . "  The real weapons of mass destruction today are unemployed 22-year-olds who fall for this radical ideology and we 've got to figure out how to counter that , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " Sen. King on torture report : ` This is not America ' But he disagreed with his Republican colleagues , most notably Sen. John McCain  R-Arizona  , who argue that the U.S. needs to ramp up its military effort against ISIS and other terrorist organizations . "  We 've been in the stamping out business for the last 12 or 13 years and it has n't worked all that well , " King said . "  Part of the problem is the more we , the U.S. and the West , are active -- particularly with troops on the ground -- the more it becomes a recruiting tool for the extremists . " Instead , King said the U.S. needs to address what he called a "  deeper question " : figuring out how the U.S. can combat the radical ideology spread increasingly online by extremists like ISIS and al-Qaeda . King pointed to a program being developed in the United Kingdom , where officials are working to "  de-radicalize or anti-radicalize " their prisons , which can be hotbeds of extremist recruitment . Even ISIS , which now controls swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria and seeks to inspire the lone wolf attacks U.S. officials are most concerned about , was reportedly formed from an American military prison in Iraq , Camp Bucca , according to The Guardian . There , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi met the men who would years later become the branches of ISIS 's senior leadership . King stood firm against calls from McCain and other Republican hawks like freshman Sen. Tom Cotton  R-Arkansas  who are calling on President Barack Obama to escalate the military fight against ISIS . And American troops certainly should n't be the ones "  rooting them  ISIS  out door to door in Mosul , " a city ISIS captured in Iraq . RELATED : Tom Cotton on terror threat : ` We have to win on offense ' "  We are not going to be able to take them out by killing them one at a time . It 's not going to work , " King said . "  We 've got to go deeper than just police , FBI , CIA and military . We 've got to talk about how do we stop this movement toward radicalization because otherwise this is going to be a 100-year war . " Obama and U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron made it clear in an opinion piece published Thursday that they are closely watching the threat of lone wolfs , vowing not to be "  cowed by extremists , " whether they come in the shape of terrorist groups or "  lone fanatics . " Reacting to the foiled Ohio plot in an interview with NewsMax , potential 2016 GOP presidential candidate Texas Gov. Rick Perry made a quick connection between terrorism and border security , one of his top issues . Perry said there is "  very good intelligence " that the south Texas border with Mexico could allow "  individuals " to come into this country . "  Americans will sleep better knowing that their government is actual doing their constitutional duty , " Perry said .	After an Ohio man 's alleged ISIS-inspired plot was foiled by the FBI , King says the U.S. needs to counter radicalization More than just ramping up the U.S. military effort , King pointed to "  unemployed 22-year-olds " as the greatest threat King 's comments also come after the Paris terror attacks , carried out by young men who were radicalized in prison
CNN  -- A Florida woman whose nonstop hiccups vaulted her into the public spotlight , only to be ensnared later in a man 's death , was found guilty Friday of first-degree murder . Jennifer Mee , 22 , wept after the verdict was read in a Florida court , sometimes holding her head in her hands . She sobbed some more as she was led out of the room for a jail cell . Pinellas County Judge Nancy Moate Ley sentenced her to life in prison without parole and informed her she had 30 days to appeal . Mee was 19 when she was arrested in October 2010 . Police said she met Shannon Griffin on a social networking site , then lured him to a vacant home days later . Authorities do not believe Mee or Griffin , a Wal-Mart employee who recently moved to Florida , knew each other prior to their online encounter . Mee led Griffin around to the back , where two men -- Laron Raiford and Lamont Newton -- were armed and waiting , authorities said . Griffin died after being shot multiple times with a .38 - caliber revolver . All three suspects were arrested hours after Griffin 's body was found . And all three were charged with first-degree murder , even Mee , although police indicated she did n't pull the trigger . Mee , Raiford and Newton had all been living together , according to police . According to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 , Raiford was sentenced to life in prison last month and Newton has yet to stand trial . The spotlight on Mee after the arrest , and during her trial , stood in contrast to the attention she got in 2007 . That 's when she earned the nickname "  Hiccup Girl " for having hiccups lasting more than a month , even appearing multiple times on NBC 's "  Today " show . Her desperate search for a hiccup cure included trying "  sugar , peanut butter , breathing in a bag , having people scare me , " she said in a photo slideshow posted on the St. Petersburg Times ' website in February 2007 . But after her hiccups faded , Mee continued to draw attention . In June 2007 , local media reported she ran away from home . In January 2010 , St. Petersburg police again issued a missing person report for Mee . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Jennifer Mee , 22 , is found guilty of first-degree murder in a man 's slaying She met the victim online and lured him to a home , where he was robbed and killed 2 of her roommates were also arrested in the crime Mee shot to prominence in 2007 for her prolonged bout of hiccups
Mental Floss  -- Earlier this summer , New York City 's Metropolitan Transit Authority announced that it would be rearranging some of its subway signs because they resembled a slightly naughty bit of internet slang . The signage for the F , M , and L lines read "  FML , " which savvy web users know as self-deprecating shorthand for "  F -- My Life . " The double meaning of its signs caught the transit authority off guard , but they 've worked quickly to switch around the letters . New York 's subways are hardly the first victims of acronym problems , though . Let 's take a look at ten other organizations , places , and businesses that have realized a bit too late that their initials meant a little more than they had intended . Mental Floss : 11 regional soft drinks 1 . WTF In 2009 , the Wisconsin Tourism Federation 's biggest problem was n't finding a way to attract more people to the metropolitan Kenosha area ; it was the realization that its initials mirrored the slang abbreviation for "  What the F -- ? " The WTF from America 's Dairyland has been around since 1979 , so it likely predates the vulgar WTF . In the end , though , you ca n't fight an internet meme . The organization changed its name to the Tourism Federation of Wisconsin . The WTF 's only consolation must be that it 's not alone . In 2008 , the North Carolina DMV allowed drivers whose license plates contained "  WTF " to swap out their tags free of charge . The DMV also had to change its website ; the sample plate pictured on the site was "  WTF-5505 . " Mental Floss : Why soap operas look so different ? 2 . DOA In a move that must have been unsettling for thousands of Iowa 's seniors , the state changed the name of its Department of Elder Affairs to the Department on Aging , or DOA , in 2009 . Something 's telling us that the change has n't helped Iowa 's elderly sleep any easier . The organization now goes by IDA , for Iowa Department on Aging . Mental Floss : People who switched careers after 50 3 . AIDS When Joan Woehrmann started her ambulance company in Whittier , California , in 1955 , she hit on a pretty brilliant acronym : AIDS . The letters stood for "  attitude , integrity , dependability , and service , " which are all great qualities for an ambulance line . The name was also easy to remember in times of crisis . She did n't foresee the name eventually signifying one of the greatest medical catastrophes of the century , though . By 1985 , the LA Times reported that Woehrmann 's drivers were being taunted and that the public mistakenly started to think that the line only transported AIDS patients . Finally , she had enough and changed the line 's name to "  AME , " even giving up the ambulances ' customized line of "  AIDS 1 " and "  AIDS 2 " license plates . 4 . SUX While FAA identifiers for airports are n't technically acronyms , the three-letter codes can give rise to their own headaches . Just ask the Sioux City Gateway Airport , which the FAA saddled with the unfortunate designator "  SUX . " Airport authorities petitioned for a new code , and the FAA -- and this is not a joke -- offered them "  GAY " as a nod to the "  Gateway " part of the airport 's name . Sioux City decided that switching to GAY probably would n't save them much sophomoric taunting , so officials decided to make the best of the SUX situation . Now the airport markets playful T-shirts emblazoned with slogans like "  Fly SUX . " SUX might not even be the worst airport code . According to a 2008 Los Angeles Times story , Fresno 's is FAT , and Perm , Russia 's is PEE . The big winner has to be Fukuoka , Japan , though . We 'll let you guess how that one gets abbreviated . 5 . SLUT In 2007 , Seattle opened a new streetcar line connecting the South Lake Union neighborhood to the city 's downtown . While the project was officially called the South Lake Union Streetcar , local residents began ribbing it as the South Lake Union Trolley , or SLUT . Although the city and the line 's developers did what they could to dispel the notion that the line had a bawdy name , residents still refer to it as the SLUT ; in 2007 the Seattle Post-Intelligencer even reported that a coffeehouse was selling T-shirts that read , "  Ride the SLUT . " 6 . CCRAP In 2000 , delegates of Canada 's United Alternative convention needed a name for their newly formed political party . They came up with Canadian Conservative Reform Alliance Party , which in addition to taking roughly six minutes to pronounce was abbreviated CCRAP . Organizers quickly realized the blunder and changed the party 's name to the Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance . Mental Floss : 50 amazing facts for our 50th issue 7 . WPPSS In 1998 , the Washington Public Power Supply System chose to change its name to Energy Northwest to discourage people from pronouncing its unfortunate acronym as "  Whoops ! " The old name left the utility open to quite a bit of taunting in 1983 , when the WPPSS defaulted on $ 2.25 billion worth of bonds . Whoops indeed . 8 . POOF In 1990 , the Philharmonic Orchestra of Florida decided it had heard just about enough kidding about its acronym , POOF , which resembled an old offensive term for a homosexual man . The musicians changed their name to the Florida Philharmonic Orchestra . 9 . The C-word In 2002 , Microsoft had to do a little rearranging on the fly . It quickly and quietly changed its ribald "  Critical Update Notification Tool " to the more family friendly "  Critical Updated Notification Utility . " Mental Floss : Company Initials Explained 10 . NIC What 's wrong with NIC ? In English , nothing . In Arabic , a whole heck of a lot . When the Coalition Provisional Authority began planning new Iraqi armed forces in 2003 , they originally called them the New Iraqi Corps . They hit a big snag , though . As ABC News reported , in Arabic "  nic " is "  a colorful synonym for fornication . " The coalition quickly changed the name to the New Iraqi Army . Mental Floss : 15 reasons Mr. Rogers was best neighbor ever For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some government agency 's have had trouble with initials spelling naughty words The internet turned Wisconsin Tourism Federation 's acronym into bad slang FAA gave Sioux City Gateway Airport the code SUX which adorns T-shirts now Iowa 's agency for seniors had the name Department on Aging , or DOA
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Li Na bowed meekly out of Wimbledon Friday to extend her miserable record at the grass court grand slam , blaming her lack of preparation for a shock defeat . The Chinese second seed was beaten 7-6 7-6 by Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic , ranked 43 in the world , who was reaching the last 16 of a grand slam for the first time in 32 attempts . Trailing 6-5 in the second set tiebreaker , Li successfully challenged after her forehand was called long . But given a second chance of redemption on a replayed match point , Li served her seventh double fault to exit in lame fashion . The 32-year-old Li has never gone beyond the last 32 in eight appearances at the All England Club and also went out in the first round of the French Open last month . It 's a far cry from her triumph in Melbourne back in January when she beat Dominika Cibulkova in the final of the opening grand slam of season , her second triumph in one of tennis ' four majors . After her defeat , Li told reporters that she had made an error of judgment in skipping the warmup event at Eastbourne . "  I think I needed some matches before the big one , I think I made the wrong decision , " she said . For the 28-year-old Zahlavova Strycova , it was her biggest win of a mediocre career on the WTA Tour , interrupted by a six-month ban for a doping offense in 2013 . "  I am very happy . I played a great match and I believed I could do it . It 's my biggest win , " she said . Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki awaits the Czech in the next round , the Dane beating Croatian teenager Ana Konjuh 6-3 6-0 to reach the last 16 of a grand slam for only the third time since 2011 . Petra Kvitova later won the battle of former champions on Centre Court after an enthralling two and a half hour battle against Venus Williams . Kvitova , who took the title in 2011 , had to come back from a set down to beat the five-time champion from the United States , 5-7 7-6 7-5 . Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , the runner-up to Venus ' younger sister Serena in 2012 , also made the last 16 with a 6-2 6-0 win over Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito . Djokovic scare In the men 's tournament , top seed Novak Djokovic took a nasty tumble on the way to a 6-4 6-2 6-4 win over France 's Gilles Simon . The 2011 champion made a spectacular diving attempt to reach a Simon shot in the sixth game of the third set and fell awkwardly on his shoulder . The Serbian star needed treatment on the court and had to take a painkiller before rounding out an otherwise routine win . "  Yes it was a sharp pain when I fell . It was an awkward fall . I was just hoping nothing was going on bad with the joint , " he admitted later to reporters . "  There was no damage in the joint , so I could play a few games after that . The muscle was still quite sore because of the impact , so all in all I 'm just glad to get through . "  Now there are two days off so I 'm going to recover and get ready . " Djokovic faces a tough last 16 clash against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , but has won 10 of his 11 meetings with the Frenchman , who is seeded 14th this year . Defending champion Andy Murray wasted little time on Centre Court later as he polished off Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain in their third round clash . Third seed Murray won 6-2 6-3 6-2 and will play Kevin Anderson of South Africa for a place in the quarterfinals Monday . But sixth seed Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic went out in a late evening upset , losing in straight sets , 7-6 6-4 7-6 to Marin Cilic of Croatia .	Second seed Li Na crashes out of Wimbledon Barbora Zahlavova Strycova beats her in straight sets Novak Djokovic survives injury scare to progress in men 's singles Defending champion Andy Murray eases into last 16
CNN  -- Prize money at this year 's U.S. Open will be increased by over $ 2 million to a record $ 25.5 million , organizers announced Wednesday . The increase will see a top prize of $ 1.9 m for both the men 's and women 's champions , continuing the tradition of gender-equal prizes dating back 40 years . The remaining majority of the payout will be distributed throughout the main draw , with 224 out of 256 singles players guaranteed an increase in prize money of at least 18 % . "  We recognize the mounting financial pressures associated with competing on the global professional tennis circuits and especially for those who do not reach the second week of the U.S. Open . "  We believe the additional prize money , as well as how it will be strategically distributed , will help alleviate some of the pressure , " said Jon Vegosen , U.S. Tennis Association  USTA  President and Chairman of the Board . These record-breaking figures will be supplemented by potential bonuses from the Emirates Airline U.S. Open Series Bonus Challenge . The top three men 's and top three women 's finishers in the Emirates Airline U.S. Open Series will be awarded an additional bonus prize of up to $ 1m at the end of the grand slam , provided they earn points in at least two series events . These bonuses have led to the two largest payouts in history , with Roger Federer taking $ 2.4 m in 2007 and Kim Clijsters earning $ 2.2 m in both 2005 and 2010 . This leaves the potential overall prize money on offer at $ 28.1 million . The cash boost comes on the heels of the announcement that the U.S. Open will benefit from a $ 500m development of the Flushing Meadows area . A new Louis Armstrong Stadium , a new grandstand on unused land at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center and a double-deck viewing area for fans to watch players practice will all be constructed over the next 10 years . However , there are still no plans to put a roof on the main Arthur Ashe Stadium court . In other tennis news Wednesday , Lukas Rosol , who sent second seed Rafael Nadal crashing out of Wimbledon in one of the biggest upsets in the tournament 's history , made an early exit from the ATP tournament in Stuttgart . Czech Rosol was sent packing 7-6 7-6 by Bjorn Phau of Germany in their second round match .	2012 U.S. Open prize purse will be increased by more than $ 2m . The total prize money at Flushing Meadows will top $ 25m Bonus prize money could leave a potential grand total of $ 28.1 m. The prizes awarded will continue to be equal for both men and women .
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Confusion and uncertainty swirled in Libya over the results of a vote on Sunday by the interim parliament on a new interim prime minister as disagreements over the legality of the outcome have been raised . Initial reports indicated the country 's General National Congress elected businessman Ahmad Mitig as interim prime minister Sunday . Mitig was sworn in after reportedly receiving 121 votes in a volatile debate in the GNC that included multiple votes . After Mitig was sworn in , the GNC gave him two weeks to form a government . "  We hope it is less than two weeks . As you know , we rushed because the country can not bear this . We need a government to grant a budget in the coming days . ... We wish him luck , " said a deputy parliament speaker who was chairing Sunday 's session . Then later Sunday , the First Deputy Speaker of Libya 's interim parliament , Ezzedin al-Awami , announced that the vote naming Mitig as interim PM was invalid . The parliament first failed to elect the new Prime Minister after a confidence vote fell short of the 120 votes needed . It took two rounds of voting before Mitig emerged as the frontrunner for the post , but in another confidence vote , he received only 113 votes . Speaker al-Awami said in a letter posted to the Libyan interim government 's Twitter account that the session was actually adjourned at this point , after Mitig failed the confidence vote and did not get the required 120 votes . " ... continuing the process , increasing the votes and announcing that the candidate won the vote of confidence to form a Cabinet , is an invalid procedure and illegal , " he said in the letter . Al-Awami is the acting speaker and highest-ranking elected official in Libya . The government also posted a second letter by al-Awami . This one was addressed to the caretaker prime minister , Abdullah al-Thinni . Al-Thinni , the country 's former defense minister , was chosen by parliament to temporarily take over for acting Prime Minister Ali Zeidan , who was voted out by parliament in March . Last month , al-Thinni was selected as the new Prime Minister , but he later stepped down after he and his family were attacked . He then agreed to continue as a caretaker until a new prime minister is chosen . In the letter , al-Awami asked al-Thinni to continue as caretaker Prime Minister until a new vote is held . Meanwhile , other parliament members insisted the vote on Mitig was legal and that he was rightfully elected interim Prime Minister . Until parliament reconvenes on Monday , it is not yet clear who the Libyan Prime Minister is . Political and security challenges are adding to the turmoil in the fledgling democracy . Libya 's government has been unable to impose its authority over a myriad of militia groups that have grown in power and influence since the 2011 revolution that toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Nine Libyan soldiers killed in clash with militants in Benghazi An apology from Gadhafi 's son Saadi CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Confusion and uncertainty over the vote for interim prime minister in Libya Businessman Ahmed Mitig was sworn-in Sunday as interim PM Highest-ranking Libyan parliament official says Mitig vote was invalid Libya 's parliament expected to clarify results when it reconvenes Monday
Paju , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea held a huge military parade in Pyongyang on Thursday , using the 70th anniversary of the birth of its late leader Kim Jong Il as an opportunity to try to invoke deeper reverence for his son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un . State television broadcast footage of the younger Kim and senior officials from the secretive regime on a platform overlooking a square filled with thousands of people . The platform was bedecked with Kimjongilias , the brilliant pink flower named after the dead leader . With a giant portrait of a smiling Kim Jong Il , who died in December , looking down on proceedings , soldiers carried out a salute to him and his father , Kim Il Sung , who founded North Korea . The soldiers paid "  high respects " to the two deceased Kims and pledged loyalty to Kim Jong Un , the official Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported . In South Korea , two dozen North Korean defectors met in a park to release balloons carrying criticism of Kim Jong Il over the heavily militarized border that separates the two countries , a move that has irritated Pyongyang in the past . Thursday is the first of two big occasions in the early months of 2012 for the nuclear-armed North Korean regime to eulogize former dictators and reinforce the position of its young new leader . The 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , who ruled North Korea for almost half a decade , takes place on April 15 . The date of his birth , known as "  the Day of the Sun , " is the biggest national holiday in North Korea . Kim Jong Il 's birthday was recently dubbed "  the Day of the Shining Star . " The significant anniversaries come soon after Kim Jong Un , who is thought to be in his late 20s , was elevated to the position of "  supreme leader " of the insular state . North Korean newspapers on Thursday carried special reports on Kim Jong Il . Before the parade began airing , Korean Central Television  KCTV  , the government-run news broadcaster , showed chorus groups singing lyrics in praise of him , as well as images from his life . And state-run media have already documented a number of events and initiatives that took place ahead of the anniversary of his birth . Kim Jong Un and other senior officials attended a "  national meeting " Wednesday to commemorate the occasion , according to KCNA . Kim Yong Nam , the president of the North Korean parliament , made a speech at the event praising Kim Jong Il 's "  immortal feats " and also urging that "  all the party members , service persons and people should protect Kim Jong Un politically and ideologically with their lives and get united around him . " Other recent measures related to Kim Jong Il 's birthday reported by state media include an ice sculpture festival held by public security forces and the delivery of gifts to children across the country , in some cases by helicopter . Pyongyang has warned South Korea and other countries not to expect any change in its policies under Kim Jong Un . It has kept up its criticism of the current South Korean government of President Lee Myung-bak . The United States said Monday that a U.S. envoy will meet with North Korean officials next week to test Pyongyang 's stance on its nuclear program . Special Representative for North Korea Policy Glyn Davies will meet with his counterpart , North Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan , in Beijing The North Korean regime 's willingness to talk to Washington but not Seoul has been criticized in South Korea . "  Two months after a leadership change in Pyongyang , North Korea is returning to the dialogue table , " The Korea Times , an English-language daily , said in an editorial Thursday . "  That 's good news . Not so good news is it seems to be interested only in its conversation partner across the Pacific , not across the inter-Korean border . " The North Korean defectors in the park in Paju sent balloons Thursday carrying leaflets that called on the North Korean people to rise up and fight . The large helium balloons had writing on them , saying things like , "  Kim Jong Il starved to death 3 million people , " "  Liberate the North Korean people " and "  North Korean killer Kim Jong Il . " They sent 200,000 leaflets , 500 DVDs and $ 1,000 in one dollar bills . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Jethro Mullen and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : State television shows a large military parade in Pyongyang Kim died in December and has been succeeded by his son , Kim Jong Un Thursday is the first of two big occasions for North Korea in the early months of 2012 In April , the country will mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder , Kim Il Sung
CNN  -- After fighting back persistent rumors of a breakup , Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have officially ended their engagement , a rep for actor Hemsworth confirmed . Cyrus , 20 , and Hemsworth , 23 , announced they were headed for marriage in June 2012 . Since then , however , the couple 's relationship has been plagued with rumors of infidelity and temporary splits . Miley Cyrus was getting her engagement ring fixed , guys Cyrus spoke more than once about the speculation this spring , tweeting in early March that she was "  sick of  Los Angeles  and sick of the lies that come with it , " assuring her fans that she had n't called off her wedding . The "  Wrecking Ball " singer met Hemsworth on the set of 2010 's "  The Last Song , " and although they had a bumpy relationship pre-engagement , both sounded content . "  She makes me really happy , " Hemsworth shared with Details magazine in February 2012 . Months later , Cyrus was "  looking forward to a life of happiness " with the "  Hunger Games " star . But according to People magazine , which first reported the scrapped engagement plans , lately Cyrus has had "  more breakups than bonding moments " with Hemsworth . While Cyrus has remained tight-lipped about their romance , the writing seemed to be on her Twitter wall . A few hawk-eyed observers caught on this weekend that Cyrus has stopped following Hemsworth on the social media site . It 's unclear what the status of their relationship is now that they 're no longer engaged , and reps have declined to comment further . What is clear is that both stars have a busy fall ahead . Hemsworth is going to be tied up with promoting the November release of "  The Hunger Games " sequel , "  Catching Fire , " and Cyrus has her new album , "  Bangerz , " arriving October 8 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The engagement is off for Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth They announced their intent to marry in June 2012 Since then the relationship has been plagued with rumors
CNN  -- A resolute defensive display by AC Milan denied Barcelona a crucial away goal as the first leg of the European Champions League quarterfinal ended goalless at the San Siro on Wednesday . Pep Guardiola 's defending champions dominated possession in both halves but could n't find a way through Milan 's defenses which were pushed to the limits at times . The Spanish visitors were denied what looked like a clear penalty in the first half when Alexis Sanchez was brought down by goalkeeper Christian Abbiati , but the referee remained unmoved . Lionel Messi , scorer of 55 goals in all competitions this season , did find the net in the 17th minute but was adjudged offside by the referee 's assistant . Chances came and went for Barca , with perhaps the best of the second half falling to Sanchez . But his efforts to poke the ball home after Messi 's shot was parried were in vain as left back Luca Antonini slid in to produce a heroic goal-saving tackle . The Italian league leaders also had their moments in front of goal but squandered chances to take the lead , with Robinho and Zlatan Ibrahimovic both failing to find the net . "  I take it as a compliment that we have got this result , the team had a good game and I think it is a good result , " veteran Milan midfielder Clarence Seedorf said , AFP reported . "  A goal could be enough in the Nou Camp and we will have more of our players available . If we manage to play well we have chances to progress . " The two sides reconvene at the Nou Camp next Tuesday , with the winners playing either Chelsea or Benfica in the semifinal . Meanwhile at the Stade Velodrome , 2010 finalists Bayern Munich took a giant step towards the semis with a 2-0 win over Marseille . Goals in either half from striker Mario Gomez and Dutch winger Arjen Robben sealed a satisfying result for the Bundesliga 's second-placed team , whose Allianz Arena stadium will host the May 19 final . Gomez opened the scoring in the 44th minute after his weak shot found its way under the body of goalkeeper Elinton Andrade . It was the Germany striker 's 11th goal of the competition this season , putting him one short of Messi 's leading tally . Dutch winger Robben scored the visitors ' second away goal firing home from six yards in the 70th minute . "  We realized our objective by winning here without conceding any goals . Marseille play emotional football , so it was very important for us to get this result tonight , " said Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes . A semifinal tie against , in all probability , Real Madrid awaits the winners of this quarterfinal tie , which also concludes next Tuesday .	Barcelona held to goalless draw by AC Milan in first leg of Champions League quarterfinal Defending champions fail to capitalize on possession at the San Siro Bayern Muncih take big step towards semifinals with 2-0 win at Marseille Mario Gomez and Arjen Robben score in each half at Stade Velodrome
CNN  -- On Saturday , "  Doctor Who " celebrates its historic 50th anniversary with a simulcast special in 75 countries . But it almost was n't to be . In 1989 , the show was canceled . A 1996 attempt to reboot it lasted as long as one TV movie . Finally , in 2005 , the show was revived , and its fanbase has grown ever since . News of the 12th Doctor , Peter Capaldi , made worldwide headlines . Fans of the Doctor -- an alien "  Time Lord " who travels across space and time -- are no longer relegated to fan sites and "  Doctor Who " conventions . The show is now a high point of each year 's San Diego Comic-Con and prominently referenced on shows like "  The Big Bang Theory " and "  Community . " It 's also the No. 1 rated show on BBC America and won a prestigious Peabody Award this year . That 's quite an achievement for a show aimed at children that was quietly launched on November 23 , 1963 . Marcus Wilson , a producer "  Doctor Who " since 2011 , spoke to CNN about the show 's legacy and what fans can expect for the big 50th anniversary episode , "  The Day of the Doctor . " CNN : What do you think it is that has helped the show last 50 years , continuing to grow its fan base ? Marcus Wilson : It 's a very simple premise , yet it has endless flexibility : A man travels through time and space , fighting for good against evil wherever he goes . It 's accessible , uplifting and endlessly entertaining because it engages the viewer 's imagination and credits them with intelligence . It can regenerate itself  even its leading man  to keep the show modern and in tune with its audience . CNN : What sets the fandom for "  Doctor Who " apart from others ? Wilson : "  Doctor Who " fans are the best in the world . They 've stayed with the show through thick and thin . They are devoted , smart and not afraid to let us know how they feel ! They feel a part of the show , particularly as they kept it alive through all the years it was off air . We 're very lucky to have them behind the show . CNN : How has the fandom evolved over the years ? Wilson : It 's a generational thing . Parents who watched the show as kids are now sharing it with their kids . The audience is constantly renewing . The late teenage/early 20s audience seems to be growing as the classic show is being rediscovered on iTunes and box sets , and the brand spreads from the UK across the world . CNN : How important do you think the "  new " series has been in attracting fans ? Wilson : New material always rewards devotion , but we 've tried to develop the show and aspire to new ways of telling stories to keep the show evolving . The show changes to keep pace with the modern world . It 's very accessible , deliberately so , so hopefully the great stories , higher production values and superb cast have attracted people who had maybe dismissed the classic series . CNN : What are your fondest memories of "  Doctor Who " ? Wilson : As a fan , sitting down on a wintry Saturday night with crumpets to watch Tom Baker 's Doctor . As a producer , standing in Central Park shooting , surrounded by a horde of fans . It was quite exciting and humbling at the same time . CNN : Is there anything in particular that you can promise fans when they see the 50th episode ? Any teases of what can they expect ? Wilson : It 's both a celebration of the past 50 years of "  Doctor Who , " and the foundations of the future of the show . The next chapter starts here . It 's both a reward for the long-term fan -- questions will be answered ! -- and the perfect place for a new viewer to jump on . A tease ? A picture is worth a thousand words . ... CNN : What do you think is the show 's greatest contribution to science fiction ? To television ? Wilson : I think we 've proved you ca n't keep a good show down !	Producer Marcus Wilson has worked on "  Doctor Who " since 2011 Series celebrates 50th anniversary Saturday with special episode Wilson shares his thoughts on the show 's longevity
CNN  -- Mexican immigration to the United States has dropped sharply since 2005 , but the flow of migrants returning to Mexico remains steady , according to a study released Wednesday by the Pew Hispanic Center . Plaques mark the U.S.-Mexico border near Laredo , Texas . Immigration from Mexico to the United States slowed at least 40 percent between mid-decade and 2008 , according to the analysis , based on national population surveys in the United States and Mexico , as well as Border Patrol apprehension figures . The Mexican survey estimated that 1 million Mexicans left for the United States in a 12-month period beginning in 2006 . Three years later , that number decreased to 636,000 . "  The size of the drop has been quite remarkable in such a small span of time , " Jeffrey Passel , senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center and author of the study , told CNN . The recession and enhanced border enforcement are factors that may explain the decrease in apprehensions of unauthorized immigrants in the United States , according a Department of Homeland Security bulletin released last month . But if diminished job prospects in the United States have kept would-be immigrants in Mexico , employment worries have n't increased the number of Mexican migrants leaving the United States , the study found . An estimated 433,000 Mexican migrants returned home between 2008 and 2009 , a number not significantly different than the 479,000 who returned three years earlier , Passel said . While the number of Mexican migrants entering the United States remains greater than the number returning , the study shows that the gap is closing to the point of nearing a balance between migrant inflows and outflows . "  My guess is you have to go back at least 40 years or 50 years to see that , " Passel said . It is too early to tell , however , if either trend "  points to a fundamental change in U.S.-Mexico immigration patterns or is a short-term response to heightened border enforcement , the weakened U.S. economy or other forces , " the study states . The economic downturn has certainly affected work opportunities for immigrants in the United States , said Alfredo Reyes , a day laborer who does construction and yard work in Atlanta area . "  There are weeks where I have three days of work and the other four without work , " the Michoacan , Mexico , native told CNN . Despite the reduced availability for work , Reyes plans on staying put because the economic downturn is global . "  I think things are more difficult there  in Mexico  , " he said . The two trends found in the Pew study should not be surprising , Rodolfo de la Garza , a professor at Columbia University and an expert on immigration , told CNN . For those in Mexico , it remains expensive and risky to be smuggled into the United States , especially in a weak economy , he said . "  Things are worse in Mexico than they are here , " de la Garza said . "  The job you have here is better than what you have there . If you go back , what do you go back to ? " Another reason that Mexicans living in the United States might stay is that they feel at home , he said . Despite the stereotype of the United States as an anti-immigrant destination , "  at local levels , there is very little harassment , " de la Garza said . "  By and large , people are accepting of immigrants . " Another day laborer in Georgia , who declined to give his name , said that the current economic crunch left him without the resources to return to his native Oaxaca , Mexico , even if he wanted . But even during these tough times , he is content . "  It 's simple , we like living here in the United States , " he said .	Recession , border enforcement cited as possible reasons for decline Rate of Mexicans leaving U.S. stays flat , Pew Hispanic Center study finds Immigrants say economic situation worse in Mexico
CNN  -- Serie A champions Inter Milan have confirmed the dismissal of coach Roberto Mancini , opening the way for former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho to replace him . Mancini guided Inter Milan to the Italian league title for three successive seasons . Ironically , the 43-year-old Mancini , who guided Inter to three successive Italian league titles , is now the favorite to take Mourinho 's former job at Stamford Bridge . Inter -- who won the first of their three titles in 2006 because those above them were demoted or deducted points over the matchfixing scandal -- released a statement about the sacking . "  Inter Milan have informed Roberto Mancini that he has been relieved of his role as coach , especially because of his comments that he was not going to stay after the end of the season following the Champions League tie against Liverpool on March 11 , " read their statement . Mancini , however , rescinded those comments the following day declaring that he had made them in the heat of the moment following Inter 's elimination from the competition , losing 3-0 on aggregate . Inter 's reasons for sacking Mancini appear less credible after club president Massimo Moratti announced that the coach had changed his mind about leaving at the end of the season . "  I 've had a talk with Mancini , who confirmed to me that he wanted to stay at Inter next year to see out his contract . He wants to win the Champions League for us next season , " Moratti said on March 12 . "  Mancini 's words surprised me , I did n't expect it and even less so I believe the people close to him . " Mourinho , nicknamed ` The Special One ' for guiding Porto to the Champions League in 2004 and then Chelsea to two Premier League titles , would not come cheap , but the exit of Mancini has cost Inter dear too as his contract , which runs till 2012 , will leave him 24 million euros richer as compensation . However , Mancini was unable to make Inter into viable Champions League contenders despite the three Serie A titles . Mancini is the ninth coaching casualty under Moratti , following Ottavio Bianchi , Roy Hodgson , Luigi Simoni , Mircea Lucescu , Marcello Lippi , Marco Tardelli , Hector Cuper and Alberto Zaccheroni .	Serie A champions Inter Milan confirm dismissal of coach Roberto Mancini Mancini allegedly fired for comments made after defeat to Liverpool in March Former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho favorite to take over at the San Siro
The International Criminal Court postponed a key hearing in the case against Laurent Gbagbo , the former Ivory Coast president who is facing charges of crimes against humanity . A confirmation of charges hearing originally planned for Monday is rescheduled to August 13 , the court said in a statement . His lawyers asked for a delay to give them more time to prepare for an effective defense . The hearing is to allow judges to hear arguments from both sides to determine whether there is sufficient evidence for the case to proceed to trial . Gbagbo is accused of crimes against humanity after he rejected election results and refused to step down when current president , Alassane Ouattara , was declared the winner in the 2010 poll . The standoff sparked months of violence between supporters of both sides , leaving thousands dead . The former leader is accused of the crimes for actions committed by forces loyal to him during the standoff . He says he is not guilty . "  Mr Gbagbo allegedly bears individual criminal responsibility , as indirect co-perpetrator , for four counts of crimes against humanity , namely murder , rape and other forms of sexual violence , persecution and other inhuman acts , " the international court said in a statement last year . It said the alleged crimes occurred between December 2010 and April 2011 . Authorities arrested Gbagbo in April last year , ending the standoff . In November , he was flown to The Hague , Netherlands , where the court is based . Rights group have said forces loyal to both leaders committed crimes during the standoff .	The ex-president of Ivory Coast is facing charges of crimes against humanity The hearing determines whether there is sufficient evidence to proceed to trial Laurent Gbagbo is accused of the crimes after he rejected presidential poll results in 2010 His refusal to step down sparked months of protests
Tokyo  CNN  -- In the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster a year ago , the attitude toward food safety has become a matter of personal preference for many Tokyo residents . After an earthquake-triggered tsunami engulfed the Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear plant in northeastern Japan , setting off the most serious radiation scare since the 1986 Chernobyl accident , Japan is still struggling to build a centralized radiation-detection system , leading to difficulty in measuring radiation and ambiguous safety guidelines . For some consumers , this means checking for food labels that indicate food is safe . Others still avoid certain fish or agricultural products from northern Japan . Some residents still take food to radiation monitoring stations to ensure safety . But many consumers have gone back to eating much like they were before the disaster . Yusuke Okuno , a 22-year-old service-industry worker , employed a cautious approach to radiation exposure immediately following the disaster . "  I tried not to get wet when it rained , and when I bought vegetables , I always made sure of where they came from , " he says . These days he does n't pay that much attention . "  It 's been some time , " he says . "  I do n't see much point in doing it now . " For the owner of the 60-year-old shop and wedding catering business Takasagoya at the Tsukiji Fish Market , the concern is business not health . "  One of the food products I sell is yakidai  grilled snapper  , fish used for special occasions like weddings , " he said . "  There were many requests made by my clients not to use the fish from eastern Japan . " In response to food-safety concerns , the government has been stepping up efforts to assure people of the safety of Japan 's agricultural products . Radiation monitoring centers have been set up in certain prefectures to identify and restrict the consumption of contaminated foods . But getting yes-or-no answers is not easy . "  Absolute values are very hard to measure , " says Pieter Franken , director of Japan Operations at Safecast , a non-profit organization that collects and shares radiation measurements . "  You have to decide for yourself , what do I believe and what do n't I believe . " "  For many people it 's very confusing , " says Franken . "  There are more questions than answers to this thing . " Japanese exports dropped sharply in the months after the March 11 disaster amid global concerns about radiation in its food products . Fuji Apple exports to Taiwan dropped from nearly 1,400 tons to zero in a matter of two months . Authorities have gone to great lengths to point out that the country 's food products are safe . Government press releases report that no Japanese exports have failed radiation screening by any importing countries , and that cities like Hong Kong and New York are in fact more radioactive than Tokyo . Tourism also plummeted 70 % on radiation fears immediately following the disaster . Tourism is still below year-ago levels , but the 700,000 tourists that arrived in January represented only a 4.5 % decrease from the same month in 2011 , the Japan Tourism Agency said in February . The government has picked the anniversary of the disaster to unveil its new "  Japan . Thank You . " campaign to give an added boost to a tourism industry still in recovery . Some tourists , like New York University law student Gene Levin , have n't given much thought to possible radiation contamination . Levin says he does n't mind eating food that others shun , "  because it will be delicious and cheap . " But for many Tokyo residents , the concern is still strong enough that they take their food to radiation-measuring stations set up around Tokyo . However , checking food for radiation is not cheap . "  We have around five to seven customers a day come and check their food for a fee of Â ¥ 3,500  $ 42  , " says Hidetake Ishimaru , a member of Measuring Stations for Children of the Future , a non-profit organization that sets up stations around Tokyo to test for radiation in food . "  They will ask many questions like , ` is it okay to eat this one ? ' " He acknowledges that it is not an exact science . "  We can not answer clearly . " Safecast 's Franken agrees . "  The government has made specific recommendations , but people do n't really know what to do with those , they want a second opinion , " he says . Franken , who has a nine-year-old child , says his wife takes location into account when buying food for the family , purchasing products from the south of Japan in general , and mineral water from France . "  You can debate if it 's logical or not , but that 's what we do , " he says . The owner of Takasagoya thinks it 's time to stop worrying . "  The government has been testing the food , " he says , and he thinks it 's safe . As for himself , "  I am very old . Unlike young people , I have fewer things to worry about . " Okuno , the 22-year-old service-industry worker who used to check the origin of his vegetables , has also moved on . "  You can not live forever in fear , " he says . As he lines up outside a sushi restaurant at the Tsukiji Fish Market with his girlfriend , Yoko Senuma , a student who turns 20 on March 11 , it is n't the anniversary of the disaster that is foremost on his mind . It 's treating his girlfriend to a birthday meal of sushi . "  She wanted good food . So I decided to take her here . "	Japan still has n't built a central radiation detection system after the nuclear disaster Some Tokyo residents still have their food checked at radiation monitors in the city The Japanese government notes that no Japanese exports have failed radiation screenings Activist : "  You have to decide for yourself , what do I believe and what do n't I believe "
CNN  -- After England 's shock victory over top-ranked New Zealand on Saturday , rugby fans were delighting in the prospect that the two nations might be drawn together for the 2015 World Cup . However , such a meeting will not happen before the knockout stages of the tournament after hosts England came out of the hat with Australia and Six Nations champions Wales and two qualifiers in Group A on Monday . The All Blacks , who won the World Cup on home soil last year for the first time since its inaugural staging in 1987 , will line up against Argentina , Tonga and a qualifier from Europe and Africa in Group C . The Kiwis were top of the four seeds along with South Africa , Australia and last year 's runners-up France . The French will take on Ireland , Italy and qualifiers from Europe and the Americas in Group D while the Springboks -- champions in 2007 -- will play Samoa , Scotland and teams from the Asia and Americas playoffs . England unexpectedly halted New Zealand 's 20-match unbeaten run with a 38-21 win at Twickenham , having lost narrowly to South Africa and Australia in the traditional end-of-season tour matches by southern hemisphere sides . Following that upset result , 2003 World Cup-winning coach Clive Woodward said his country would be the team that all others hoped to avoid at Monday 's draw in London . Present coach Stuart Lancaster hopes his young England team can continue to develop and peak in time to survive in the toughest group of the 2015 World Cup -- only two teams go through from each pool . It will be the first time that England and Wales have met in the group stage . "  It is definitely a pretty tough pool . To win the World Cup you have to win big games and I have got a huge amount of respect for what Wales have done recently , " Lancaster told the English RFU website . "  We know their squad pretty well , it is a young side and a lot of them will still be around in 2015 . Australia have just beaten us and if you look at the age and profile of their squad , they have got some young lads as well . We will look forward to it . " Lancaster took over the coaching role from Martin Johnson , who was unable to emulate his 2003 World Cup success as a player when the England team traveled Down Under last year . Hampered by off-field controversies , the English failed to reach the semifinals for the first time since 1999 , when they were hosts . "  Twelve months ago I went out to New Zealand for two weeks and got a little sample of what it is like and the impact on that country , " Lancaster said . "  We have seen what the Olympic Games did for our country and the next big sporting event is the 2015 Rugby World Cup . By that time everybody is going to be revved up and it 's going to be a big party . " Meanwhile , New Zealand 's Dan Carter has been named as the International Rugby Board 's world player of the year for the second time . The fly-half has bounced back from the disappointment of missing most of the 2011 World Cup due to injury by inspiring the All Blacks to a perfect record of six wins in the inaugural Rugby Championship -- which featured the Tri-Nations teams plus Argentina -- and victory in the Bledisloe Cup series against Australia for the 10th year in a row . The 30-year-old extended his world record points-scoring tally to 1,385 from 94 Tests despite a below-par performance against England . Carter headed off his captain Richie McCaw , a three-time winner , England 's Owen Farrell -- who scored 17 points on Saturday -- and France fly-half Frederic Michalak . All Blacks coach Steve Hansen followed his predecessor Graham Henry by keeping that award in New Zealand 's ownership , while the Kiwis were also named best team for the third year in a row .	All Blacks drawn with Argentina and Tonga in draw for 2015 Rugby World Cup Tournament hosts England in toughest pool along with Australia and Wales South Africa , the 2007 champions , will line up against Samoa and Scotland Last year 's runners-up France will take on Ireland and Italy in Group D
On Tuesday , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq announced that it had merged with the Syrian opposition group Jabhat al-Nusra to form the "  Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . " The announcement came in the form of an audio message from the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Sheikh Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , that was distributed to key jihadist websites . The merger was first reported by SITE , a Washington-based group that tracks jihadist material online . The authors were able to confirm the announcement by monitoring the jihadist site , Ansar al Mujahideen , which frequently posts material from al Qaeda , including Tuesday 's news of the merger of the Syrian and Iraqi wings of al Qaeda . Complicating matters , on Wednesday al Nusra claimed it was n't merging with al Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq , but instead was pledging its allegiance to al Qaeda 's overall leadership . The news that there is some kind of connection between al Qaeda in Iraq and the Syrian Jabhat al-Nusra  in English "  the Victory Front "  is not entirely surprising . U.S. officials have long suspected that al-Nusra was really , in part , a front for Iraqi jihadists who had crossed the Syrian border to join the fight against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The State Department added Jabhat al-Nusra to its list of designated foreign terrorist organizations in December . The fact that al-Nusra has publicly aligned itself with central al Qaeda is worrisome . A long-term safe haven for this group in Syria could be the prelude for the formation of an organization with the wherewithal to attack the West , just as al Qaeda 's sojourn in Afghanistan when it was controlled by the Taliban prepared the group for the 9/11 attacks . Second , al-Nusra is widely regarded as the most effective fighting force in Syria , and its thousands of fighters are the most disciplined of the forces opposing Assad . Al-Nusra is also the first al Qaeda affiliate to take a page out of Hezbollah 's book and operate not only as an effective fighting force but also as a large-scale provider of services , for instance , distributing enormous quantities of desperately needed bread in the areas of Syria that the group controls . Finally , al-Nusra is the first jihadist group for many years that has chosen to merge with al Qaeda at a time when it is having significant success on the battlefield . Al Qaeda 's North African franchise , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , as well as the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , both announced their affiliation with al Qaeda only when they were struggling for resources and exposure . While al-Nusra is enjoying real battlefield success in Syria , it is formally allying itself to al Qaeda at a time of great weakness for the global terrorist organization . The announcement of the merger with al-Nusra provides al Qaeda 's leaders , now headed by the Egyptian Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri , the chance to prove they are still relevant . Al Qaeda has received severe blows in recent years : a contingent of U.S. Navy SEALs killed the group 's leader , Osama bin Laden , two years ago , while CIA drone strikes have decimated al Qaeda 's ranks in Pakistan 's tribal regions , and the group has n't pulled off an attack in the West since the suicide bombings on the London transportation system in 2005 . Sheikh al-Baghdadi , the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , said that he had delayed the announcement of the formal merger with al-Nusra because he wanted to allow Syrians time to get to know al-Nusra on its own terms , without the inherent negative bias that would be caused by an early announcement of its ties to al Qaeda . This was prudent . Had al-Nusra voiced its links to al Qaeda during the rebellion 's nascent stages , al-Assad would have had an easier time blaming the uprising on "  terrorists " as he has done since violence first broke out in Syria in March 2011 . Syria is in its third year of a bitter civil war that has claimed the lives of more than 70,000 people , and wide swaths of the population support the opposition . In these circumstances , if al-Nusra continues to fight effectively against al-Assad , Syrians are not , at least for the moment , likely to care too much about what the group 's broader ideological leanings are . For al-Nusra the gains of a public announcement of its alliance with al Qaeda are far from clear . In fact , it is likely to be quite counterproductive . According to Leila Hilal , a Syrian-American who meets regularly with the Syrian opposition and is the head of the Middle East Task Force at the New America Foundation , the merger announcement may "  confirm the suspicions of much of the Syrian public that al-Nusra is not fighting for a free Syria , but for the establishment of an ultra-fundamentalist state . " That might explain why the head of al-Nusra , Abu Mohammed al-Jawlani , claimed in an audio message released on Wednesday that he was n't "  consulted " on the announcement of the merger of the Syrian and Iraqi wings of al Qaeda . Jawlani then stepped on his effort at damage control by announcing his pledge of allegiance to Ayman al-Zawahiri , who is , of course , the overall head of al Qaeda worldwide . For al Qaeda , the advantages of commanding an effective , large-scale fighting force in Syria , which is in the heart of the Arab world and borders on Israel , are all too obvious . The people of Syria , however , should have good reason to worry about this ominous development . Finally , the announcement that al Nusra has pledged allegiance to al Qaeda underlines that the Obama administration 's seeming dithering about how exactly to aid the Syrian opposition makes more sense than it has done hitherto . There clearly are unintended consequences and risks in supporting the Syrian opposition , which is fractured into hundreds of local groups , some elements of which are hardly supportive of the United States . The Obama administration decision , reported by CNN Tuesday , to sign off on a new tranche of nonlethal aid to the rebels in Syria is best understood as an effort to bolster the Syrian opposition groups that are separate from al-Nusra and to give them a better fighting chance in what everyone agrees is likely a long Syrian war in which al-Assad is eventually removed from power -- but only then , unfortunately , does the real fighting for lasting power begin .	Peter Bergen : The announcement of links between Syrian insurgents , al Qaeda is worrying He says it gives al Qaeda an opportunity to demonstrate that it is still relevant The insurgent group , al-Nusra , is the most effective of the rebel groups in Syria , he says Bergen : The Obama administration has been right to move deliberately on aid to rebels
CNN  -- Wednesday marked Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . Across the United States , conservatives gathered in chicken restaurants to show support for the company after its president , Dan Cathy , came out against gay marriage . Democratic mayors in Chicago and Boston at first threatened to halt expansion of the Chick-fil-A chain to their cities , which turned a question of sexual morality into a debate about freedom of speech . The motto of conservative Christians seems to be , "  They 'll take my chicken from my cold dead hand ... " Writing as a European , this story combines two of the things we most readily associate with America : Jesus Christ and fast food . It certainly reflects a uniquely American phenomenon . There are religious businesspeople and raging conservatives in other parts of the world , but only the United States enjoys all the elements that could turn a statement of conscience into nationwide movement . Where else in the world would a  the president of a chicken restaurant chain feel it was within his remit to publicly endorse "  the traditional family , " b  liberal mayors totally overreact by trying to stop his business ' expansion , c  a former presidential candidate declare an "  appreciation day " for the restaurant , and d  hundreds of people actually show up to eat there in solidarity ? Opinion : Chick-fil-A and free speech The whole scenario seems so preposterous as to be contrived , which makes me wonder if it was a brilliant sales gimmick . Yet , we have no reason to doubt the strength of Cathy 's faith and , after all , Chick-fil-A is n't the only company with a taste for Christian witness . Norm Miller , chairman of Interstate Batteries , discusses his faith on his company 's website and offers advice on prayer . In-N-Out Burger prints "  John 3:16 " on the bottom of its paper cups . Hobby Lobby says it is committed to "  honoring the Lord " and closes all its stores on a Sunday . Are there other corporations out there with a hidden religious agenda that we all missed because we were n't looking for it ? Is Ronald McDonald the acceptable face of Seventh-Day Adventism ? That this story revolves around a chicken restaurant might incline us to be skeptical about its political significance . But do n't forget that the tea party started with a trading floor rant and was initially lampooned for its innocent association with the tea bag . In America , businesses have often been the battlegrounds for political conflicts , think of the civil rights movement 's lunch counter sit-ins . Time will only tell whether or not this is an important moment in the revival of conservative religious activism . However , it does offer two immediate warnings about the November election . Opinion : The right way and the wrong way to protest Chick-fil-A First , culture will matter . There 's always a tendency to presume that in presidential elections "  it 's the economy stupid . " The polls confirm that voters still place moral questions very low on their list of priorities . But cultural issues keep on coming up in ways that we did n't expect : contraception in February , gay marriage in May , guns in July , and now we 're back to gay marriage . It could be that bad jobs reports are so common that they 've become the background noise of the campaign , while the matters related to sex and violence compete more colorfully for our attention . But no , something more complex is taking place : Economics and culture are becoming synonymous . News : Jim Henson Co. ends five decade relationship with Chick-fil-A over gay marriage stance In rallying to Cathy 's defense , some conservatives have pointed out that his company has created jobs and that attempts to block its growth are bad for middle-class Americans . They made the same case against Michael Bloomberg 's war on supersized drinks . There 's a theme to the complaints emerging : that in their pursuit of liberal ends the Democrats are costing jobs , while patriotic conservatives like Cathy are repairing the economy and spreading the gospel . Mitt Romney is now running billboard ads that lampoon Obama 's claim that businesses need government support to flourish . The implicit choice that the right is trying to establish is "  hardworking , self-reliant Christian businessmen " vs "  welfare-supporting , anti-growth , atheistic bureaucrats . " Hence , debates that can seem only to be about culture can actually become a way of discussing who is to blame for our economic woes . Second , the sheer number of people involved in the Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day suggests that turnout will matter in November . A common theme among tweets coming out of the restaurant demonstrations Wednesday was that conservative strength lies in numbers . One photo caption read , "  Hey liberals , the turnout for Chick-fil-A appreciation day is a preview of the polling stations in November . " Maybe , maybe not . But the polls are close and the number of undecided voters is falling . America is settling down into two , surprisingly partisan , camps of voters who probably wo n't change their minds significantly until voting day . If that pattern holds , then turnout is all important . In 2004 , the ability of the Bush team to get out their religious vote swung them a relatively close election . If Mitt Romney can effectively establish the link between economics and culture , and then motivate conservatives to turn out in big numbers , then the Chick-fil-A moment could prove prophetic . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Chick-fil-A dustup so preposterous it almost seems a brilliant sales gimmick He says U.S. has odd tendency to turn statements of principle into a nationwide movement He says it might be pre-election warning : Culture wars can be blended with economic worries Stanley : Chick-fil-A protest support could preview voter turnout if Romney plays it right
CNN  -- Something looked a little different on Monday night 's 17th season premiere of ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " For one thing , the dancers and celebrities entered the stage on a red carpet set up just outside the studio , and then took their seats next to the judges ' table on stage . What used to be an upstairs "  luxury box " for teams is now a "  practice room " for last-minute preparation , and some couples had prerecorded music to use along with live band performances . That , and the judges have moved from one side of the stage to the other -- or , as host Tom Bergeron called it , "  English style . " But the more things change , the more they stayed the same on "  DWTS , " and the 12 teams brought their "  A " games to the dance floor , to the delight of the audience . For "  Glee " actress Amber Riley , Monday 's premiere brought tremendous praise from the judges and a 27 out of 30 for her cha-cha . Riley 's 27 is three points better than "  silver medalists " Corbin Bleu and Elizabeth Berkley , each of whom earned a 24 with a contemporary dance . Fan favorite Valerie Harper also got off to a strong start thanks to a simple , classy foxtrot that earned her a 21 and a lengthy standing ovation from the audience . The actress proved to be quite nimble on the dance floor , so she could surprise in the coming weeks . The news was n't as good for "  Science Guy " Bill Nye , whose extremely awkward cha-cha , set to the theme song from "  Weird Science , " garnered a 14 from the judges , including a 4 from resident malcontent Len Goodman . Nye stands in last place , three points behind football great Keyshawn Johnson , but the TV personality has no regrets . "  People do n't regret what they do , " Nye told CNN 's Nischelle Turner backstage . "  They regret what they do n't do . " His statement would get a hearty "  hear , hear ! " from Harper , who told CNN that she was focused on living life to the fullest with her new opportunity . "  Everyone should find their joy where they can , " the actress said . "  There 's so much nonjoy that is out there , that it is suffocating us in a way . If we could get out of our mind and our ego and into our spirit , that 's a great entree into life .  Do n't  waste your time worrying about dying . Live ! " Harper revealed in March that she had been diagnosed with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , a condition in which cancer cells spread into the membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord . CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	"  Dancing With the Stars " returned on Monday The competition is now in its 17th season It 's changed a few things in the format "  Glee " star Amber Riley was a top scorer
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan called on India Friday to investigate what it called repeated violations by Indian soldiers along the de facto border between the two nations in the disputed territory of Kashmir . Pakistan 's Foreign Office summoned the high commissioner of India , Sharat Sabharwal , to its offices to protest the killing of one of its soldiers on the Pakistani side of the border known as the Line of Control . Opinion : How India mistreats Kashmir Foreign Secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani also demanded that the Indian government investigate recent clashes between the two countries in the Kashmir region . Jilani 's call came just days after Indian Foreign Secretary Ranjan Mathai summoned the Pakistani high commissioner to lodge complaints about the killing of two of its soldiers in the Kashmir region Tuesday . India and Pakistan have traded bitter accusations over allegations of repeated violations of a cease-fire in recent days at the Line of Control , increasing tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbors . Read more : South Asian rivals take baby steps to warmer relations It began with a clash Sunday that , according to the Pakistani military , saw Indian troops cross the Line of Control and attack a military post . Pakistani army troops repulsed the attack , but one Pakistani soldier was killed and another critically injured , Pakistan said . The Indian Defense Ministry , however , said Pakistani troops opened fire unprovoked on Indian posts in the north Uri sector of Indian-administered Kashmir . Indian troops retaliated and forced Pakistani troops to stop firing , the ministry said . It did not immediately report the number of casualties . Read more : India says 2 soldiers killed in clash in Kashmir That was followed Tuesday with allegations made by India that Pakistani troops took advantage of thick fog in a wooded area to cross over to its side of the border . The Indian military says one of its routine patrols spotted the Pakistani troops in the Mendhar sector of Poonch district , and a firefight lasting about 30 minutes ensued , during which two Indian soldiers were killed . The Indian government on Wednesday accused Pakistani troops of subjecting the two soldiers ' bodies to "  barbaric and inhuman mutilation , " calling the alleged actions "  highly provocative . " Pakistan denied the accusations , saying India was trying to distract attention from a weekend clash in the Himalayan territory that left a Pakistani soldier dead . Pakistani Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker The Pakistani Foreign Ministry rejected the allegations that its troops had crossed the Line of Control and killed Indian soldiers . The two South Asian neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border since November 2003 . But it has been violated repeatedly , with both sides accusing the other of offenses . Bilateral talks were suspended in 2008 after an attack by Pakistani militants in Mumbai , India 's most populous city , killed more than 160 people . The negotiations have since resumed . The conflict over Kashmir dates back to 1947 , after Britain relinquished control of the Indian subcontinent , giving birth to modern India and Pakistan . Kashmir was free to accede to either nation . Maharaja Hari Singh , the ruler of the kingdom at the time , initially chose to remain independent but eventually opted to join India , thereby handing key powers to the central government in New Delhi . In exchange , India guaranteed him military protection and vowed to hold a popular vote on the issue . The South Asian rivals have fought two full-scale wars over the territorial issue . Islamabad has always said that majority-Muslim Kashmir should have been a part of Pakistan . A United Nations resolution adopted after the first war called for a referendum allowing the people of Kashmir to choose which country they wanted to join , but that vote for self-determination has never been held . Pakistan wants that referendum to take place . India says that Pakistan lends support to separatist groups fighting against government control and argues that a 1972 agreement mandates a resolution to the Kashmir dispute through bilateral talks .	Pakistan 's Foreign Office summoned India 's high commissioner Pakistan 's foreign secretary wants India to investigate a shooting incident Pakistan accused Indian soldiers of killing one of its soldiers in the disputed Kashmir region India has accused Pakistan of killing two of its soldiers in the flashpoint region
CNN  -- The global economic crisis has caused a spike in world hunger that has left more than a billion undernourished , United Nations agencies said in a new report . The report says the stabilization of financial markets has meant less investment in agriculture , food distribution . "  It is unacceptable in the 21st century that almost one in six of the world 's population is now going hungry , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director of the World Food Programme . "  At a time when there are more hungry people in the world than ever before , there is less food aid than we have seen in living memory . " The report by the WFP and the Food and Agriculture Organization was released Wednesday , ahead of World Food Day on Friday . Nearly all the world 's undernourished live in developing countries , according to the report . An estimated 642 million people are suffering from chronic hunger in Asia and the Pacific . An additional 265 million live in sub-Saharan Africa while 95 million come from Latin America , the Caribbean , the Near East and North Africa . The final 15 million live in developed nations . Should developed economies be doing more to eradicate hunger , poverty ? The number of hungry spiked as the global economic crisis took hold and governments pumped resources into stabilizing financial markets . The move meant smaller investments in agriculture and food distribution . "  World leaders have reacted forcefully to the financial and economic crisis , and succeeded in mobilizing billions of dollars in a short time period . The same strong action is needed now to combat hunger and poverty , " said Jacques Diouf , director-general of the FAO . "  The rising number of hungry people is intolerable . " The report calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger by making farmers productive and more resilient to crises . "  We know what is needed to meet urgent hunger needs -- we just need the resources and the international commitment to do the job , " Sheeran said .	World Food Programme : One in six of world 's population is now going hungry Nearly all the world 's undernourished live in developing countries Number of hungry spiked as the global economic crisis took hold , report says Calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger
Idaho became the latest state Tuesday in which a federal judge declared its ban on gay marriage to be unconstitutional , delivering yet another victory for same-sex proponents -- albeit not necessarily a definitive one . U.S. Magistrate Judge Candy Wagahoff Dale issued her sweeping opinion knocking down Idaho state laws and a state constitutional amendment , passed in 2006 , as failing to live up to the U.S. Constitution 's 14th Amendment guarantee no "  state deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . " "  Idaho 's marriage laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens the fundamental right to marry and relegate their families to a stigmatized , second-class status without sufficient reason for doing so , " Dale wrote . "  These laws do not withstand any applicable level of constitutional scrutiny . " The judge 's order takes effect at 9 a.m. Friday . It was not immediately known if state authorities in Idaho , who have been fighting to keep in place the law restricting marriage as being between a man and a woman , will appeal this decision . That 's what has happened in several other states , in which federal judges overturned state same-sex marriage bans only to have those decisions stayed on appeal . A federal appeals court last month heard challenges to same-sex marriage bans in Utah and Oklahoma . Appeals courts in coming weeks and months will hear similar challenges over current bans in Nevada , Texas , Kentucky , Ohio , and Michigan . The three judges on the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals heard related arguments Tuesday . Their final decision could affect Virginia , West Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina and Maryland , the latter being the only one of the five with legalized same-sex marriage . After that , the Supreme Court could then weigh in . And late last week in Arkansas , Pulaski County Circuit Judge Chris Piazza declared the state 's voter-approved gay marriage ban to violate the Arkansas constitution . The plaintiffs in the Idaho case included four same-sex couples . They included two of whom married in others states and wanted their unions recognized in Idaho , and two of whom had children born while they were a couple . Among other opinions , Dale shot down Idaho authorities ' argument that limiting marriage to a man and a woman is in children 's best interests . For example , the judge says there 's nothing preventing heterosexual couples from marrying simply for a tax break , or stopping them from marrying because they ca n't or do n't want to have children or are "  non-optimal parents . " Furthermore , the judge said , those children who have gay or lesbian parents might pay the price , emotionally and otherwise , under the state ban . "  Idaho 's marriage laws fail to advance the state 's interest because they withhold legal , financial and social benefits from the very group they purportedly protect -- children , " Dale wrote . The judge also described the state 's contention that gay marriage should be banned in the name of "  religious liberty " to be "  myopic . " "  No doubt many faiths around the world and in Idaho have longstanding traditions of man-woman marriage rooted in scripture , " Dale said . "  But not all religions share the view that opposite-sex marriage is a theological imperative . " Even if a majority of people in Idaho oppose same-sex marriage , that does n't mean their opinion should equate to law , according to the judge . She stated : "  This case asks a basic and enduring question about the essence of American government : Whether the will of the majority , based as it often is on sincere beliefs and democratic consensus , may trump the rights of a minority . " Appeals court scrutinizes Virginia same-sex marriage ban	Idaho becomes the latest state in which a state gay marriage ban is struck down Judge : Order takes effect this Friday morning , unless it 's successfully appealed Laws "  deny its gay and lesbian citizens the fundamental right to marry , " says judge They also give their families "  stigmatized , second-class status , " she adds
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans have hired a prominent conservative attorney to defend the federal Defense of Marriage Act in a pending lawsuit , legal sources say , and will make an effort to divert money from the Justice Department to fund its high-profile fight . House Speaker John Boehner disclosed the legal and political strategy in a letter Monday to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . The Obama administration , which normally would defend federal laws in judicial disputes , announced last month it believed the Defense of Marriage Act , often referred to as DOMA , to be unconstitutional . The law defines marriage for federal purposes as unions only between a man and woman . Boehner said that with the Justice Department not participating , he had "  no choice " but to act unilaterally . "  The burden of defending DOMA , and the resulting costs associated with any litigation that would have otherwise been born  sic  by DOJ  The Department of Justice  , has fallen to the House , " Boehner said . "  Obviously , DOJ 's decision results in DOJ no longer needing the funds it would have otherwise expended defending the constitutionality of DOMA . It is my intent that those funds be diverted to the House for reimbursement of any costs incurred by and associated with the House , and not DOJ , defending DOMA . " Such a move would require Senate approval , an unlikely prospect since Democrats control that chamber . Boehner will probably end up finding money for the legal fight from other discretionary and non-discretionary spending sources , according to legal experts . There was no indication just how much the legal fight could eventually cost . In response to Boehner 's letter , Pelosi , D-California , asked the speaker how much the legal defense of DOMA would cost taxpayers . "  I am requesting that you disclose the cost of hiring outside counsel for the 12 cases where DOMA is being challenged , " Pelosi 's letter said . She also asked for details on the reported hiring of Paul D. Clement , a former solicitor general , specifically when a contract was signed and why a copy was not provided to Democrats on the Committee on House Administration . Legal sources say the House Republican leadership hired Clement , a Washington appellate attorney , to defend the law . He filed a brief Monday in a pending case from New York , where a lesbian received an estate tax bill of more than $ 360,000 after her longtime partner and legal wife had died . Clement is a former solicitor general under President George W. Bush , serving from 2005 to 2008 . It was his job to defend federal laws and executive actions in court , similar to what he will be doing now as a private lawyer on retainer . He was mentioned at one time as a possible Supreme Court nominee . Separately , he also is representing more than two dozens states in their lawsuit against the administration over the sweeping health care reform law passed by Congress last year . That case is pending in a federal appeals court in Atlanta . In the Defense of Marriage Act dispute , groups on both sides of the issue noted the highly charged political aspects . "  Not only are House Republican leaders defending the indefensible , they 've brought in a high-priced attorney to deny federal recognition to loving , married couples , " said Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign . "  Speaker Boehner appears ready to go to great lengths , and the great expense of a high-power law firm , to try to score some cheap political points on the backs of same-sex couples . " But conservative groups applauded the move . "  At last we have a legal eagle on this case who actually wants to win in court , " said Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage . "  Thanks to Speaker Boehner 's actions , President Obama 's attempt to sabotage the legal defense of DOMA is not going to work . " President Barack Obama on February 23 ordered the Justice Department to stop defending the constitutionality of the law . "  The president has concluded that given a number of factors , including a documented history of discrimination , classifications based on sexual orientation should be subject to a more heightened standard of scrutiny , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . The key provision in the law "  fails to meet that standard and is therefore unconstitutional . " Obama had previously expressed his personal opposition to the Defense of Marriage Act but had never stated an opinion relating to its constitutionality . Holder 's chief spokesman said the department had no comment on Boehner 's moves . Two pending lawsuits from New York and Connecticut challenge the law . The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which includes both states , is the only federal circuit to have never decided the basic legal question of whether a law discriminates against gay men and lesbians . The Defense of Marriage Act was passed in 1996 by the GOP-controlled Congress and signed into law by President Bill Clinton . It bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages and says states can not be forced to recognize such marriages allowed in other states . The New York legal fight was prompted by Edith "  Edie " Windsor , who lived with her female partner , Thea Spyer , for more than four decades . They married out-of-state in 2007 , but neither the federal government nor their home state of New York recognized the legal union . Spyer died and left her estate to Windsor , who was then forced to pay taxes on the money because she was not considered a legal spouse . In July , a federal judge in Massachusetts , in a separate case , became the first to rule part of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional . District Judge Joseph Tauro said that "  irrational prejudice plainly never constitutes a legitimate government interest . " The administration 's decision comes on the heels of other major developments in the struggle over gay and lesbian rights . In December , Obama signed legislation that will repeal the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and bring an end to the ban on openly gay men and women serving in the armed forces . Courts in California are considering a legal challenge to Proposition 8 , an initiative narrowly approved by that state 's voters in 2008 . It defines marriage as a union between a man and a woman . Either one of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming months , perhaps in time to become a major issue during the 2012 election year . Same-sex marriage is legal in five states -- Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont -- and in the District of Columbia . Civil unions virtually equivalent to marriage are permitted in New Jersey , while several other states offer more limited civil unions or partnerships . The New York case is Windsor v. U.S.  1:10 - cv-08435  .	NEW : Pelosi asks what the legal fight will cost taxpayers Attorney Paul Clement was solicitor general in the second Bush administration Boehner says he had no choice but to act after the Obama administration backed off House Republicans also want to divert Justice Department funds for the effort
Washington  CNN  -- Conservative commentator Glenn Beck says his weekend revival-style rally at the Lincoln Memorial was meant to reclaim the U.S. civil rights movement "  from politics , " arguing that the movement was about "  people of faith . " Beck told Fox News , the network that carries his weekday television program , that the essence of the movement was about "  people of faith who believe you have an equal right to justice . " "  If it 's not the essence , then we 've been sold a pack of lies . The essence is that everyone deserves a shot -- the content of character not the color of skin , " he told "  Fox News Sunday . " Beck drew a crowd that stretched six blocks down the National Mall on Saturday , but drew fire for its timing and location -- the same date and location as the 1963 March on Washington , where the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. delivered his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech . See the view from the crowd Handbills promoting the King-headlined event called it rally "  for jobs and freedom , " with marchers demanding not only voting rights for African-Americans but "  full and fair employment " and a "  decent housing . " Beck told Fox that the civil rights movement 's economic agenda was "  a part of it , but that 's a part of it that I do n't agree with . " Beck has come under fire from civil rights leaders and other critics because of the timing of the rally and some of his previous statements , such as his 2009 that President Barack Obama "  has a deep-seated hatred for white people or the white culture . " And earlier this year , he urged viewers to quit churches that preached "  social justice , " a term he equated with socialism . In his Fox interview , taped after Saturday 's rally , he said he regretted his remarks about Obama , but said the first African-American president 's worldview was shaped by "  Marxism disguised as religion . " Beck 's address to his "  Restoring Honor " rally , nominally held in support of U.S. troops , resembled more a revival than a political rally . In it , he urged those attending to return America to the religious values on which he said it was founded . "  Something beyond imagination is happening , " he told participants who packed the National Mall in Washington . "  America today begins to turn back to God . For too long , this country has wandered in darkness . " Park Service officials have stopped giving crowd counts after previous controversies . But an estimate commissioned by CBS News , using aerial photography , put attendance at between 78,000 and 96,000 . ABC News reported more than 100,000 , while Fox -- and Beck -- estimated it at above half a million . Rallies clog D.C Metro system The Rev. Al Sharpton , who led a commemoration of the King rally 's anniversary Saturday at a Washington high school , dismissed Beck 's address as a "  motivational speech " that ignored the policies King promoted . "  It might be good , but it 's not civil rights , " he told CNN . Beck also has tried to organize viewers into a "  9/12 " movement , aimed at restoring a spirit he said Americans shared after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . He told Fox that Americans "  should be looking for people with the right ideas , " but dismissed any ambition for elected office himself . "  My feeling right now is the country is in trouble . And I do n't see a political solution , because I think we 're too divided . I think both parties have sold their souls , " he said . "  And you know , our founders , if you read their speeches and their documents and their letters to each other , when they founded our country , they all said it would happen if the people turned from God . "  So let 's take them as people who knew what they were talking about , " he added . "  What do you say we give the whole ` let 's turn back to God ' thing a try and see what happens ? "	Civil rights movement was about "  people of faith , " Beck says "  I do n't agree with " the movement 's economic agenda , he says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Script did n't follow the script . The Script includes , from left to right , Glen Power , Danny O'Donoghue and Mark Sheehan . In the standard showbiz treatment , a group -- say , three plucky , working-class music-mad young men from Dublin , Ireland -- travel to the grand shores of the U.S. of A . They form a band , grab the ear of a noted producer and , with a lucky break or two , are soon opening for the stars who inspired them so many years before . If the story needs a rousing climax , they return as conquering heroes to their homeland , pick up the local paper and find that their new single has gone straight to No. 1 . Applause , joyful tears , roll credits . Well , it was n't quite like that . In the case of The Script -- vocalist/keyboardist Danny O'Donoghue , multi-instrumentalist Mark Sheehan and drummer Glen Power -- O'Donoghue and Sheehan traveled to the States and spent several years as struggling writers and producers . Drummer Power , another Dubliner , had bummed around music scenes for years ; he 'd met O'Donoghue and Sheehan not long before the pair packed it in and returned to Dublin , plying their trade and looking for breaks . Descriptions of the trio as "  an overnight success " thus leave them skeptical . If that 's the case , said Sheehan before a concert at Piedmont Park in Atlanta , Georgia , "  It was the longest night of our lives . " Watch an interview with The Script " On the other hand , when success did strike , it struck hard and relatively quickly . When O'Donoghue and Sheehan returned to Dublin , they decided to form a band . They recruited Power , noting their "  great strength together " -- in Power 's words -- after jamming together . The Script 's first single , "  We Cry , " hit the UK Top 20 in the spring of 2008 , and the second , "  The Man Who Ca n't Be Moved , " hit No. 1 . The group 's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain . In December 2008 , they played the Nobel Peace Prize Concert , and , in March of this year , opened for U2 .  Their album was finally released in the U.S. that same month .  They 've spent this summer as Paul McCartney 's opening act , which was what brought them to Piedmont Park . Touring with the former Beatle "  feels like a master class for us , " said Sheehan . The three , all around 30 , finish each other 's sentences like the old friends they are and display a savvy about the music business . That 's only fitting , as O'Donoghue and Sheehan spent their years in America learning the trade alongside producers such as Teddy Riley and the Neptunes . Sheehan says the group is looking for the sweet spot between the "  rock climate " they grew up in and the hip-hop and R&B sounds that dominate American popular music . " -LSB- With our experience , -RSB- we 're hashing it out , and I think we 've found it , " he said .  Asked about their own influences , they rattle off hip-hop artists such as Missy Elliott , Jay-Z and Kanye West . The Script appears to have a happy ending , just as an old tale of rising stars would have it . But the three are quick to point out that aspiring musicians should , well , write their own story . "  If there 's a message to younger musicians , to me , it 's ` do n't give up , ' " says O'Donoghue . "  Magic can happen . "	Musicians spent several years as struggling writers and producers in the U.S. They decided to form a band when they returned to Ireland The group 's self-titled debut came out in August 2008 in Britain This year , the band has been the opening act for U2 and Paul McCartney
Too bad Barack Obama is n't running for office in Brazil . The real one , that is . He 's so popular here that at least 16 candidates for municipal elections have adopted the name "  Obama " to try to get more votes on October 7 . There are plenty of "  Baracks , " as well as "  Ricardo Obama , " "  Wilson Obama " and even "  Barata Obama , " which literally translates as "  Cockroach Obama . " And it does n't stop with the U.S. president . As candidates try to stand out , ballots are filled with the names of characters like Batman , Robin , Superman and Rambo . And there are even some oddball characters like gyrating dancers , Santa Claus and a "  Bin Laden " who says he 'll "  blow up corruption . " The candidates dress in costumes during their short electoral spots , hoping to grab the attention of would-be voters . They were inspired after a popular TV clown became the most-voted-for contender in the last congressional elections . For some , the eccentric candidates are a sign of political immaturity ; but for others , they 're proof that Brazil 's democracy is flourishing . Brazilians are surprisingly laid back when it comes to politics and questions of authority . Everyone from football players to presidents go by their first names or nicknames . The most popular leader in recent history , former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , ran for office on his nickname "  Lula , " which can be translated as "  Squid . " The current president , Dilma Rousseff , is simply called "  Dilma " by most Brazilians . In fact , more than 140 candidates for municipal elections have adopted the name "  Dilma " for the ballot . One of the Obama candidates has another explanation for many of the bizarre names adopted during elections . "  There is so much corruption in politics that people sometimes prefer to vote for a candidate who is n't a real person , " said Gerson Januario de Almeida . He 's running for councilman in the central Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte with the name "  Obama BH . " For the last couple of years , he has worked as a Barack Obama impersonator at parties and events . But he says he 'll make a difference if he wins the election . "  I used this name because I think it can bring me votes , " he told CNN . "  But I need to separate just being a body double from being a politician . " His platform , ironically , is health reform . He hands out pamphlets as he strolls around the center of the city with a big sash bearing the name "  Obama BH . " Most passers-by seem more interested in getting their picture taken with "  Obama " than reading about his campaign promises . "  With that face and appearance , it 'll be hard to go wrong , " one man says . But others say looks are n't enough . "  I 'll be open to his proposals , but politics are n't a joke , " another man says . Obama BH says he 's pretty sure no one has adopted the name of the Republican U.S. presidential candidate . But if the U.S. presidential elections do n't go to the real Obama , a few Mitt Romneys may emerge the next time Brazilians go to the polls . Opinion : Rio Games ideal stage to highlight planet 's survival	Candidates who like to stand out turn to using memorable names Obama is popular , along with characters like Batman , Robin , Superman and Rambo During electoral spots , some candidates dress in costumes to grab voters ' attention Critics call such eccentricities immature , but others say they 're a sign of a healthy democracy
CNN  -- A botched gun probe that allowed hundreds of weapons to reach Mexico 's drug cartels is likely to be a lingering but not fatal controversy for the Obama administration , observers said Wednesday . Republicans in Congress have been publicly pounding Justice Department officials since June , when whistleblowers from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives testified to a House committee about the ill-fated "  Operation Fast and Furious . " The operation , launched in 2009 , was aimed at cutting off the flow of guns to Mexico 's drug cartels through straw buyers , but it allowed about 2,000 weapons to reach the hands of the cartels . In December 2010 , two weapons sold under the Fast and Furious program were found at the scene of the killing of a Border Patrol agent in the Arizona desert . ATF agents kept their Mexican counterparts in the dark about the probe even as rising numbers of guns crossed the border , and about 1,400 firearms remain unaccounted for , the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee reported in July . Congressional committees and the Justice Department 's independent inspector-general are now looking into what happened , with Republicans accusing Attorney General Eric Holder of trying to stiff-arm investigators . But as embarrassing as "  Fast and Furious " may be , it 's not in the same league as administration-threatening scandals like Watergate or the Harding administration 's Teapot Dome , University of Virginia analyst Larry Sabato said . "  The only scandals that matter in a presidential year are the ones that directly connect to a president , " Sabato said . He added , "  Everybody admits it was a dumb idea , " but similar programs were launched during the Bush administration . Nor does the controversy about "  Fast and Furious " appear to be a mortal threat to anyone 's job at this point , said Peter Toren , a former federal prosecutor and Justice Department official . "  It 's certainly a black eye for the Justice Department , " which oversees the ATF , Toren said . But he added , "  This is more of a botched operation rather than a scandal . " The flap has so far resulted in the ouster of acting ATF chief Kenneth Melson and the resignation of the U.S. attorney for Arizona , Dennis Burke , in August . President Barack Obama told ABC News in October , "  People who screwed up will be held accountable . " And Holder is likely to face tough questions about the matter next Tuesday , when he is slated to appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee . The committee 's ranking Republican , Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , is a leading critic of the probe . Republicans have recently questioned whether Holder misled Congress about when he learned about the program . Holder told the House Judiciary Committee in May that he had known about the Fast and Furious program for just a few weeks ; Republicans say recently released Justice Department documents show the attorney general actually knew about the program in July 2010 , but a memo to Holder that referenced the operation does not appear to contain any of the controversial tactics it employed . Toren said Republicans are "  understandably " trying to lay the blame for the fiasco on Holder . But Holder does n't appear to have had "  intimate knowledge " of the ATF program . "  There have been some suggestions that at least he knew something about it . He might have known the name , he might have been briefed that there was an operation , " Toren said . "  I have n't seen anything that suggests that he should be held responsible for the program . " Holder slapped back in an October letter reaffirming his testimony and calling GOP allegations about the program "  irresponsible and inflammatory . " And he appears to have caught a break this week , when a top deputy told senators he failed to warn Holder and other Justice officials about the tactics used in "  Fast and Furious " after a previous operation . Lanny Breuer , the assistant attorney general in charge of the criminal division , told a Judiciary subcommittee he first learned of the tactic of allowing illegally purchased guns to leave gun shops in April 2010 , regarding a previous operation known as "  Wide Receiver . " "  I wish that at that time that I had said clearly to the deputy attorney general and the attorney general that in this case , ` Wide Receiver , ' we had determined in 2006 and 2007 guns had ` walked . ' I did not do that , and I regret not doing that , " Breuer admitted . Sabato said Breuer "  is taking one for the team " by admitting the mistake . His testimony may not satisfy Republicans , but , "  There is n't a smoking gun here for somebody as high as Holder , " Sabato said . Nevertheless , Toren said , it 's likely that the questions are going to keep coming as the investigations continue . "  I think it would be best to get out in front of it , say what really happened and let the chips fall where they may , " he said .	"  Operation Fast and Furious " let hundreds of guns reach Mexico , investigators say Attorney General Eric Holder is likely to face tough questions at an upcoming Senate hearing The botched ATF probe is a "  black eye " for the Justice Department , former official says But the controversy is not likely to become a major scandal , analyst tells CNN
