CNN  Racist emails -- like one that depicted President Obama as a chimpanzee -- resulted in three Ferguson , Missouri , city employees resigning or being fired , the city spokesman said Friday . Police officers Capt. Rick Henke and Sgt. William Mudd resigned Thursday over the emails discovered during the U.S. Department of Justice investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system , city spokesman Jeff Small said on Friday , citing the city attorney . The city 's top court clerk , Mary Ann Twitty , was fired earlier this week in connection with the emails , Small said . Several employees forwarded the emails but until now none had been disciplined , the report said . Examples of the racist emails include one sent in October 2011 that showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women , apparently in Africa , with the caption "  Michelle Obama 's High School Reunion . " A June 2011 email described a man trying to put his dogs on welfare because the canines were "  mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak English and have no ... clue who their Daddies are . " Some critics have called for the department to be disbanded and for Police Chief Thomas Jackson to resign . In a Friday interview with CNN 's Sara Sidner , Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said Jackson was not copied on any of the emails . When asked if Jackson and the city manager may be fired , Knowles said , "  We 're going to do our due diligence and hold people accountable . " Knowles also said he does n't think the department will be disbanded . When asked about what happens next in Ferguson , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Friday , "  We are prepared to use all the power that we have , all the power that we have to ensure that the situation changes there . And that means everything from working with them to coming up with an entirely new structure . " When a reporter asked if that included dismantling the police force , Holder replied , "  If that 's what 's necessary then we are prepared to do that . " Holder ordered the investigation after a white police officer , Darren Wilson , shot and killed black teenager Michael Brown last summer , setting off months of sometimes violent street protests in the town outside St. Louis . The DOJ declined to bring charges against Wilson , who has since left the force . No state charges were filed either . In a separate report , the Justice Department described what it said was a "  pattern and practice " of discrimination against African-Americans by the Ferguson police and municipal courts . That discrimination included racist emails . Ferguson is a town of 21,000 that is 67 % African-American . Among the findings in the report : From 2012 to 2014 , 85 % of people subject to vehicle stops by Ferguson police were African-American , 90 % of those who received citations were black , and 93 % of people arrested were black . In 88 % of the cases in which Ferguson police officers reported using force , it was against African-Americans . From 2012-2014 black drivers were twice as likely as white drivers to be searched during traffic stops , but 26 % less likely to be found in possession of contraband . President Obama said Friday that although he does n't think the abuses of power in Ferguson are typical of America , there are individuals and possibly whole departments in American law enforcement that may struggle to prevent prejudice in their ranks . "  I do n't think that is typical of what happens across the country , but it 's not an isolated incident , " Obama said in an early morning interview on SiriusXM 's Urban View channel . "  I think there are circumstances in which trust between communities and law enforcement has broken down , and individuals or entire departments may not have the training or the accountability to make sure they are protecting , serving all people , and not just some . " Knowles has outlined a number of reforms the city implemented to address some of the Justice Department 's concerns , and said the city "  must do better " to address racism . "  We must all work to address issues of racial disparity in all aspects of our society , " he said Wednesday . Ferguson police chief mum on federal report CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	2 Ferguson police officers resign over racist emails , city spokesman says Earlier this week , the city 's top court clerk was fired over the emails , spokesman says
Nanjing , China  CNN  -- Off-camera , I 'm getting parenting advice from China 's first athlete to win gold in any sport at the Winter Olympics . "  Your daughter should go for ice skating , " Yang Yang advises me . "  It 's great for her balance ! " My five-year old is more swimmer than skater but I appreciate Yang 's words and especially her intention . She 's encouraging me to share the life-changing benefits of sport , not to necessarily groom a future Olympian . Yang herself is a product of a vigorous state system that created elite national athletes . She brought home that long-awaited gold medal in short-track speed skating from the Salt Lake City Olympiad in 2002 . To realize her dream , Yang tells me she skated for 23 years , six days a week , for almost 12 hours a day . "  Once you become an athlete , you want to win . That 's the most important thing , " she says . Kids driven away While Yang says there is nothing wrong with winning , Tom Byer , who works as a coach and educator in a grassroots football program , says that winning has become so overly emphasized that it discourages children from sport . "  Winning of course is a natural response for every athlete , " Byer says . "  But it can also get in the way . And this is what 's happening in grassroots sports all over China , is that the winning has become so important , it drives kids out of the sport . " China may have taken gold in plenty of Olympic events , from speed skating to gymnastics , but it struggles to simply qualify for the World Cup or generate mainstream interest in its bid to host the 2022 Winter Games . Byer blames a fixation on training elite champions in select sports and an education system that considers sports a luxury and not a priority . "  In the West , we look more at physical education as part of education , whereas here , for many years , the educators have tried to keep sport out of education , " he tells me . Presidential backing But Olympic chief Thomas Bach assures me that will change . "  I had the opportunity to meet President Xi Jinping twice , " says the International Olympic Committee President . "  You see clearly the government has realized that sport must be part of education and that sport helps in education . " Byer is doing his part as the Head Technical Adviser to the Chinese School Football program , a project that works with two million children in more than 6,200 schools across China . His success at teaching football skills to students in Japan earned him stardom there , and an invitation to bring his technical magic to China . But while charismatic coaches fan out across China 's schools -- and Xi proclaims his love for football -- it could take years to change the nation 's attitude toward sport ... and for China to build an industry around it . Shanghai-based Sheng Li is one of China 's top sports agents . He laments how professional sports in China lack the infrastructure to make more money for his clients , like professional boxer and Olympic gold medalist Zou Shiming . "  If you come through the national system , you have the coach and the training system , " Li says . "  But there 's a whole system behind a  professional  athlete : the PR , the brand , the corporate sponsorship , helping them find the best coaches outside the system . "  That 's a whole new system we 're starting to build . " Olympic bid Yang is supporting China 's athletes after their Olympic dream with the Athlete Career Program she started as part of her foundation . She 's also getting more children interested in sport with a new skating school in Shanghai that is open to everyone . On top of that , she 's leading the charge for China 's bid to host the 2022 Winter Olympic Games . China , along with Kazakhstan and Norway , is a finalist to host the event . Winning the bid and hosting the games would transform the sport scene in China , sparking greater interest in winter sports like snowboarding , skiing and skating . More than a decade ago , Yang was in it to win it . Today , she 's using her Olympic legacy to bring a love of her sport to the masses .	China has created a vigorous state system that has produced elite national athletes But some argue the emphasis on winning has discouraged many children At the other end of the scale , sport is not considered a part of your education in China China has also struggled in sports like football , interest in holding a Winter Olympics is low
CNN  -- He was the logical synthesis of John Wayne and Jack Benny . Interlace the Duke 's measured drawl and virile swagger with Benny 's comic timing and shrewd use of wordless exasperation , and you have James Garner , who died Saturday night in Los Angeles at 86 . His persona : Laid-back pragmatist ... or , if you needed to be a tad more provocative about it , coolly principled coward . It endeared him to generations of moviegoers and television viewers . Garner 's most cherished roles shared , to varying degrees , a bent gallantry that saw little need to advertise or flaunt itself before others . In his entry on "  The Rockford Files " -- the 1974-80 TV series in which Garner played a perennially , often unjustly besieged private detective living in a trailer -- Gene Sculatti 's "  The Catalog of Cool " summed up "  Gentleman Jim 's beat message : Very few expenditures of energy are worth the effort . Like Zen , man . " But Garner did not only embody this persona in "  Rockford Files ' " eponymous character Jim Rockford  for which he won a best actor Emmy in 1977  , but also Bret Maverick , the well-tailored Texas card sharp and reluctant do-gooder from the 1957-62 Western series "  Maverick . " That star-making role represented something relatively new in the cowboy genre : A manly hero , able to take care of himself , who was nonetheless far more inclined to use his wits rather than his fists to get out of a jam . More often than not , Maverick 's way was the winning way . Same with Rockford . If powerful gangsters leaned on him and told him to back off an investigation , Jim Rockford would weigh his options , consider the bruises on his face and decide the hell with it . Somehow things would turn out OK in the end without him losing any cred with his clients -- or his audience . Then there were those back-to-back Burt Kennedy Western spoofs , 1969 's "  Support Your Local Sheriff " and 1971 's "  Support Your Local Gunfighter , " in which he played separate versions of the slow-thinking , fast-acting wayfaring stranger who 'd rather do anything than be a hero . If the local pokey had no bars on its cells , no problem : All Garner 's character in "  Sheriff " needed was a bucket of red paint and a couple of well-placed faux bullet holes to make sure his prisoner did n't leave without permission . If these characters made skewed heroism look easy , it 's because Garner made acting look easy , too . His was the kind of nonchalant grace that in the 1930s or '40s would have made him a major movie star , at home in comedy or drama as were Cary Grant or Clark Gable . But things were n't always as easy for Garner as he made them seem . He was often beset with physical ailments during his long , grueling "  Rockford " run . And at the peak of his earlier "  Maverick " popularity , he left the series -- in its third season -- over a dispute with Warner Brothers and tested his luck with the movies . For a while , the movies did n't quite know what to do with him , casting him as stoic action heroes  with mixed results  in such World War II epics as "  Up Periscope "  1959  , "  The Great Escape "  1963  and "  36 Hours "  1965  . He was an effective foil for Doris Day in 1963 's "  Move Over , Darling " and "  The Thrill of It All , " but was miscast in "  Grand Prix "  1966  where his best scenes were arguably behind a race car 's wheels . One picture , however , shines like a beacon from this period : "  The Americanization of Emily "  1963  , which Garner always cited in interviews as his favorite -- with most of his fans in agreement . The lead role fit him like the proverbial glove : Navy Lt. Cmdr. Charlie Madison , whose relatively cushy World War II posting as an admiral 's aide-de-camp in London first repels , then attracts a prim British war widow  Julie Andrews  bemused by his staunch dedication to cowardice in the midst of war . Charlie , speaking as if he were a lineal descendant of Brother Bret Maverick , insists throughout that cowardice is the only honest , rational response .  Because it 's a comedy , he naturally ends up on Omaha Beach trying to get away from Nazi bullets . "  So far this war , " Charlie explains to the widow 's widowed mother , "  we 've managed to butcher some 10 million humans in the interest of humanity . Next war it seems we 'll have to destroy all of man in order to preserve his damn dignity . It 's not war that 's unnatural to us , it 's virtue . As long as valor remains a virtue , we shall have soldiers . So , I preach cowardice . Through cowardice , we shall all be saved . " Such words were warmed to near-humidity by screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky -- by way of William Bradford Huie 's novel . But it took an actor of Garner 's innate charm , unassuming earnestness and modulated intensity to drive them home and let them resonate nearly 15 years into the new millennium . Charm and modulation are n't Oscar bait -- and the closest Garner came to getting one was a best actor nomination for 1985 's "  Murphy 's Romance " in which he played a liberal small-town pharmacist wooing Sally Field 's overwrought , overburdened divorcee . But Garner won something in the long , fertile run of his life 's work that other actors would covet even more : Abiding affection from audiences , so deep and wide that they were always glad to see him show up on big or small screens in any context , any role of any dimension . In his later interviews , Garner insisted that all he ever wanted in life was for people to smile whenever they thought of his name . Done , and done .	Gene Seymour : James Garner won a devoted following playing the coolly principled coward He was noted for "  Rockford Files " and "  Maverick , " in which he played reluctant do-gooder Seymour : His movies uneven , but "  The Americanization of Emily " was a perfect fit Seymour : Garner 's persona was not Oscar bait , but audiences loved him
CNN  -- A train derailed in Florida at the Port of Tampa early Thursday , causing 15 rail cars to topple over and leading to an ethanol spill . Firefighters used foam on the spill to reduce flammability , said Tampa fire department Capt. Lonnie Benniefield . The operation to upright the cars and clean up the spill are expected to last well into Thursday afternoon . There was no immediate word on injuries .	A train derailment leads to an ethanol spill in Tampa , Florida 15 rail cars are involved in the accident
CNN  -- Swiss voters narrowly approved a referendum to place new limits on foreigners living and working in Switzerland . The country 's Federal Council , which officially opposed the constitutional change , called the vote "  a reflection of unease with regard to population growth in recent years . " The council had warned that passage would make it harder for Swiss businesses to find workers and would harm relations with the European Union . Foreign workers from the EU have been allowed to freely commute from France and other countries into Switzerland to work , while there have been few restrictions on foreign nationals moving into the country to live . Switzerland , which is not a part of the European Union , will not have to renegotiate agreements with the EU , the Federal Council said . The European Commission issued a statement Sunday expressing "  regrets " about the passage of the immigration quotas . "  That goes against the principle of free circulation of people between the European Union and Switzerland , " it said . "  The European Union will examine the implications of this initiative with all relations between the European Union and Switzerland . " Foreigners make up about a fourth of Switzerland 's workforce and 20 % of its population . The immigrant community is dominated by Albanians , Bosnians and Turks , though most were denied a vote in Sunday 's referendum because of the difficulty of gaining Swiss citizenship . "  The new constitutional provisions require that residence permits for foreign nationals be restricted using quantitative limits and quotas , " the Swiss government statement said . "  These limits and quotas will apply to all permits covered by legislation on foreign nationals , including cross-border commuters and asylum seekers , and must be geared towards Switzerland 's overall economic interests . Businesses must give Swiss nationals priority when hiring staff . " Before the vote , the Federal Council issued a statement saying the foreign workers "  make a significant contribution to Switzerland 's prosperity . The Swiss economy has relied on foreign workers for decades . Manufacturing , construction , health care , academia and research , gastronomy and agriculture are dependent on workers from abroad . "	Vote reflects "  unease with regard to population growth , " Swiss government says Swiss Federal Council warned limits would make it harder for businesses to find workers Foreigners make up a fourth of Switzerland 's workforce and 20 % of its population EU : It 's against "  free circulation of people between the European Union and Switzerland "
The Justice Department secretly collected two months of telephone records for reporters and editors at The Associated Press , the news service disclosed Monday in an outraged letter to Attorney General Eric Holder . The records included calls from several AP bureaus and the personal phone lines of several staffers , AP President Gary Pruitt wrote . Pruitt called the subpoenas a "  massive and unprecedented intrusion " into its reporting . "  These records potentially reveal communications with confidential sources across all of the newsgathering activities undertaken by the AP during a two-month period , provide a road map to AP 's newsgathering operations and disclose information about AP 's activities and operations that the government has no conceivable right to know , " wrote Pruitt , the news agency 's CEO . The AP reported that the government has not said why it wanted the records . But it noted that U.S. officials have said they were probing how details of a foiled bomb plot that targeted a U.S.-bound aircraft leaked in May 2012 . The news agency said records from five reporters and an editor who worked on a story about the plot were among those collected , but it said none of the information the government has shared with it suggested agents listened in on any reporters ' calls . The news immediately raised questions among members of Congress . "  The First Amendment is first for a reason , " said Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner . "  If the Obama administration is going after reporters ' phone records , they better have a damned good explanation . " The subpoenas were disclosed to the news agency on Friday , Pruitt wrote . In all , federal agents collected records from more than 20 lines , including personal phones and AP phone numbers in New York ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Washington , he wrote . "  We regard this action by the Department of Justice as a serious interference with AP 's constitutional rights to gather and report the news , " he told Holder . Pruitt demanded that the department return all records collected and destroy all copies . The U.S. attorney 's office in Washington responded that federal investigators seek phone records from news outlets only after making "  every reasonable effort to obtain information through alternative means . " It did not disclose the subject of the probe . "  We must notify the media organization in advance unless doing so would pose a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation , " it said . "  Because we value the freedom of the press , we are always careful and deliberative in seeking to strike the right balance between the public interest in the free flow of information and the public interest in the fair and effective administration of our criminal laws . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the Obama administration "  has been incredibly aggressive " about prosecuting leakers , and there 's no privilege in federal law that allows reporters to protect their sources . But he said past administrations have avoided going that far . "  I have never heard of a subpoena this broad , " Toobin said . "  It 's legal , as far as I can tell . The administration is n't violating the First Amendment . But they are certainly doing more than has ever been done before in pursuing the private information of journalists . And we 'll see if there 's any political check on them , because there does n't appear to be any legal check on what they 're doing . " The White House was unaware of the subpoenas , spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday night . "  We are not involved in decisions made in connection with criminal investigations , as those matters are handled independently by the Justice Department , " Carney said . Holder announced in June 2012 that he had assigned two U.S. attorneys to lead investigations into the possible leaking of state secrets , and members of Congress have complained about disclosures of electronic warfare campaigns against Iran , U.S. drone attacks overseas and Obama 's personal involvement in "  kill lists " of militants in Yemen and Pakistan . But Pruitt wrote that most of the records collected from the AP "  can have no plausible connection to any ongoing investigation , " and the American Civil Liberties Union called on the Justice Department to explain its actions . "  Obtaining a broad range of telephone records in order to ferret out a government leaker is an unacceptable abuse of power , " Ben Wizner , the head of the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy , and Technology Project , said in a written statement . "  Freedom of the press is a pillar of our democracy , and that freedom often depends on confidential communications between reporters and their sources . " In a statement issued Monday night , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy said , "  I am very troubled by these allegations and want to hear the government 's explanation . " "  The burden is always on the government when they go after private information -- especially information regarding the press or its confidential sources , " said Leahy , D-Vermont . "  I want to know more about this case , but on the face of it , I am concerned that the government may not have met that burden . " And Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , told CNN that the Justice Department already has the ability "  to listen , very transparently , to all the government phones and government activities . " "  You can imagine if Congress wanted to know about leaks that obviously came out of the administration that ended up in the press , they would be outraged if we tried to get that information , " said Issa , a member of the House Judiciary Committee and a leading critic of Holder . "  But that 's exactly what they 're doing . They 're looking at what is considered to be confidential . "	There 'd better be a "  damned good explanation " for subpoenas , Boehner spokesman says Federal review of AP phone records is unprecedented but looks legal , Toobin says The AP calls the subpoenas a "  massive and unprecedented intrusion " It says federal agents collected records from bureau and personal phone lines
REAL SIMPLE  -- With soaring gas prices and travel costs , the cheapest route to whisk yourself away this summer is through a good book . Ten top-selling authors share their favorite lazy-summer-day reads . • One-day reads Augusten Burroughs "  The Member of the Wedding , " by Carson McCullers "  A slender 163 pages , but it inhales all the light , matter , and gravity in the vicinity . Stunningly evocative and gorgeously written , this truly magnificent book will replace your entire life for one perfect day . " Jackie Collins "  Whacked , " by Jules Asner "  She 's a first-time author , married to director Steven Soderbergh , and this delicious tale of revenge -- set in L.A. -- rocks ! " Nelson Demille "  The Prince , " by Niccolò Machiavelli "  It 's , well ... Machiavellian . A great help if you 're dealing with a summer landlord or a difficult au pair . " Janet Evanovich "  The Concrete Blonde , " by Michael Connelly "  A classic in Connelly 's Harry Bosch detective series -- and one of my favorites . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Principles of Uncertainty , " by Maira Kalman "  Gorgeous and touching . A quirky year-in-the-life as told by one of our most wonderful illustrators -- short in words , but rich in little visual pleasures . " Philippa Gregory "  Dragonwyck , " by Anya Seton "  A gothic novel set in 1844 America . At times it 's utterly ridiculous , but it is truly haunting . Think an American Jane Eyre at high speed . A great book to gulp down in a day . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , " by Mark Haddon "  Its hero , an autistic 15-year-old , is one of the most poignant in contemporary literature . " James Patterson "  No Country for Old Men , " by Cormac McCarthy "  The only thriller I have ever read that also qualifies as art , at least in my mind . " Jodi Picoult "  The Third Angel , " by Alice Hoffman "  I inhale anything Alice writes , but this stunning book is among her loveliest . Once I started it , I did n't put it down . " Danielle Steel "  Change of Heart , " by Jodi Picoult "  Anything by Jodi Picoult . " • Books for a long weekend Augusten Burroughs "  The House of Mirth , " by Edith Wharton "  The only thing more delicious than spending a weekend reading The House of Mirth is reading it in the grass or on the sand . Mosquitoes will leave you alone . It will not rain . This is Edith Wharton . Nature bends . " Jackie Collins "  The Great Gatsby , " by F. Scott Fitzgerald "  Jay Gatsby is so charismatic , sexy , and mysterious , and I love him . Good to share with a guy in bed ! " Nelson Demille "  The Gold Coast , " "  by me " "  What can I say ? Read it on the beach and attract favorable comments . " Janet Evanovich "  The Two Minute Rule , " by Robert Crais It 's Crais , for crying out loud ! Who would n't want to spend a weekend with Robert Crais ? " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down , " by Anne Fadiman "  The heartbreaking true story of an immigrant Hmong child 's epilepsy and the American doctors who tried to ` cure ' her  not realizing that traditional Hmong families see epilepsy as something of a blessing  . A story of moral and cultural complexity . " Philippa Gregory "  Lottery , " by Patricia Wood "  A hugely feel-good novel that had me laughing out loud at the hero 's rise to happiness from absolute despair . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Tenderness of Wolves , " by Stef Penny "  A gripping , atmospheric murder story set in the snowy wastes of Canada , with some wonderful descriptions of an extreme landscape . I never knew I could be so riveted by snow ! " James Patterson "  Mrs. Bridge and Mr. Bridge , " by Evan S. Connell "  Astonishingly different points of view , in two books , from a wife and a husband , on the history of a family 's life in Kansas City . " Jodi Picoult "  Skeletons at the Feast , " by Chris Bohjalian "  A Bohjalian novel is guaranteed to be rich in character and gorgeous writing . This latest , based on a real journal , delves into the history of World War II . " Danielle Steel "  Become a Better You , " by Joel Osteen • Books to savor all summer Augusten Burroughs "  Tennessee Williams , Flannery O'Connor , and Tillie Olsen . Spend the entire summer with them . It does n't matter what you read or which order you read them in . The wisdom and heartbreak centers of your brain will be electrified . I do not have the words to tell you what a fine summer you will have and how much you will never regret it . " Jackie Collins "  The Godfather , " by Mario Puzo "  You can re-reread it all summer and it will still seem fresh and so true . The characters jump off the page . " Nelson Demille "  Of Human Bondage , " by W. Somerset Maugham "  Not for the beach , but for rainy days and quiet summer nights . One of my favorites . " Janet Evanovich 65 Years of Little Golden Books "  Pictures , smiles , happy endings -- a trip back to simpler times . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Treasury of Oz , " by L. Frank Baum "  If by some miracle I had a summer to sit and read , I would treat myself to rereading the most delightful books of my childhood -- the Oz books . Baum sent plucky Dorothy back to Oz more than a dozen times after The Wizard of Oz , and her wondrous adventures just get better . If you can borrow a 10-year-old to share this experience with , all the better ! " Philippa Gregory "  History Play : The Lives and Afterlife of Christopher Marlowe , " by Rodney Bolt "  This takes you into the fictional heart of Shakespeare 's England , suggests a wonderfully imaginative explanation of the genius of the Bard 's plays , makes your head spin with possibilities -- and makes you wonder who did write all those wonderful plays . " Sophie Kinsella Jane Austen : The Complete Novels "  Austen is a perennial delight . " James Patterson "  One Hundred Years of Solitude , " by Gabriel García Márquez "  Absolutely magnificent magical realism , and probably my favorite novel ever . " Jodi Picoult "  Sadly , the only books I 'll be savoring all summer are college information guides , since I have a senior in high school next year . " Danielle Steel "  Danielle Steel : " • Books to dip into and out of Augusten Burroughs The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson "  We know Emily Dickinson lived in olden days and she was a poet and seldom left her home . But read one of her poems -- any one will do -- and you 'll see the evidence of a glittering genius . You will be amazed by what one brilliant woman can accomplish alone in her bedroom without e-mail , a telephone , or a best friend . " Jackie Collins "  Anything by Elmore Leonard . Short , smart , hilarious . " Nelson Demille "  The Atlantic Book of British and American Poetry , " edited by Edith Sitwell "  Sitwell picked the best of the best in the English language . Excellent with a bottle of wine on the porch or the patio . " Janet Evanovich "  Disney Princess The Ultimate Sticker Book " "  Stick Snow White and Cinderella on the pages and make up your own stories . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  Meditations , " by Marcus Aurelius "  I keep a copy by my bed . And the fact that the ruminations of a second-century Roman emperor bring me comfort , delight , and inspiration is a clue to how timeless this is . Even those of us who are n't governing empires can benefit from these musings on courage and decency . " Philippa Gregory "  Sappho : A New Translation , " translated by Mary Barnard "  It sounds fearfully heavy , but it is absolutely contemporary in feel . A friend who teaches a course in Sappho sent me one poem : ` Do n't ask me what to wear . ' This is a poet who lived thousands of years ago , yet her work will make a modern woman laugh with recognition . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Portable Dorothy Parker , " edited by Marion Meade "  I adore her wit and dark humor . " James Patterson "  Nine Horses , " by Billy Collins "  Collins makes writing accessible poetry seem easy . " Jodi Picoult The Best American Short Stories "  I am a sucker for this collection and keep a copy of the 2007 edition , edited by Stephen King , in the guest room of our lake house . " Danielle Steel "  Anything religious . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jackie Collins recommends "  Whacked , " by Jules Asner , a tale of revenge set in L.A. James Patterson picks the thriller "  No Country for Old Men , " by Cormac McCarthy For a long weekend , Danielle Steele likes Joel Osteen 's "  Become a Better You " Sophie Kinsella : " -LSB- Jane -RSB- Austen is a perennial delight "
One of the ships that Shell Oil plans to use to drill in the Arctic slipped its mooring and drifted close to one of Alaska 's Aleutian Islands , the latest in a string of incidents to arise around the controversial project . The Noble Discoverer was about 175 yards from shore in Unalaska Bay when it slipped its mooring Saturday and drifted towards shore near Dutch Harbor , Coast Guard Petty Officer Sara Francis said . "  There are no reports of injuries , pollution and damage to the Noble Discoverer , " she said Sunday night . The incident raised concerns of a possible grounding near Dutch Harbor , though Francis said there was "  no damage to the hull or evidence it ran aground . " The Noble Discoverer is one of roughly two dozen ships that Shell is sending to the Beaufort and Chukchi seas in the Arctic to drill exploration wells in the harshest climate in the world.Opinion : The stakes are hugePete Slaiby , the vice president of Shell Oil in Alaska , told CNN recently the drilling in the arctic would be the "  most complex , most difficult wells we 've drilled in company history . " Proponents say if Shell finds oil with its Arctic drilling , it could create thousands of jobs ; opponents -- Alaska 's Inuit Eskimos and environmentalists -- say an oil spill could pollute the waters and damage the economy . "  Our subsistence for the winter , it all comes from the ocean , the fish and whale . It 's going to ruin our ocean , " 79-year-old Abagail Nashupuq of Point Hope told CNN recently . Nashupuq has spent her entire life in the small northwest fishing village of Point Hope , which sits about 90 miles from where Shell plans to drill one of its exploratory wells in the Chukchi Sea . Shell has been forced to postpone drilling , which was scheduled to begin this month , until August by an unexpected thick ice pack . The delay cuts valuable time from Shell , which is operating under U.S. permits which require to stop drilling in the seas by the end of October . Questions also were raised in June about the durability of one of Shell 's underwater oil spill containment vessels in severe weather , which resulted in the vessel that was headed to one of the drilling sites to be temporarily held at port in Washington . Opponents , primarily the Inuit and environmentalists , called for a review of the federal air permits that were issued to Shell Oil as part of its drilling plan . Related story : Nations battle for Arctic oil and natural gas Greenpeace , which has been leading a campaign against the drilling , issued a statement Sunday that questioned whether Shell could carry out the complicated plan if it was having problems with a ship 's mooring . Shell spokesman Curtis Smith said all indications pointed to the Noble Discoverer slipping anchor in soft ground , drifting only 100 yards toward shore . "  Shell quickly engaged one of its support vessels , the Lauren Foss , which safely towed the Discoverer back to its previous location , " he said . Francis , the petty officer , said the crew of the Noble Discoverer were interviewed . "  They did not feel any indication that the ship grounded , " she said . The Coast Guard plans an inspection of the interior of the ship 's hull on Monday , the same day that Shell will use a diver to conduct a secondary inspection of the outer hull . Smith said the anchor system used in the Arctic offshore drilling is "  no way similar to the light anchor used in the harbor scenario . " Still , Slaiby promised a full investigation . "  Even a near miss is unacceptable . While an internal investigation will determine why the Discoverer slipped anchor , we are pleased with the speed and effectiveness of the mitigation measures we had in place , " he said .	The Noble Discoverer slipped its mooring in Unalaska Bay , the Coast Guard says It drifted towards shore near Dutch Harbor , a petty officer says Shell Oil says it is investigating the incident The Noble Discoverer is one of the ships Shell plans to use to drill in the Arctic
CNN  -- Revenge proved sweet for Roger Federer and now he has World No. 2 Novak Djokovic in his sights at the Paris Masters . Federer lost in Sunday 's final of his hometown tournament in Basel to Juan Martin Del Potro but fast forward five days and the Swiss maestro turned the tables in another tight three set encounter in the French capital . The 6-3 4-6 6-3 victory earned him a semifinal clash with Djokovic , who earlier dispatched Federer 's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka in straight sets . "  That 's definitely good for my confidence , because those are the kind of wins I need right now , " Federer told the ATP Tour website . "  It was clearly a huge victory , giving myself a chance to be in the semis here , and playing Novak is clearly very exciting , "  I think I did well today to start stronger this time around in the third set . It was something I could n't quite do in Basel , " added the 32-year-old . Federer , whose form has fallen away during the latter part of 2013 , has renewed confidence after booking his passage to next week 's ATP Tour Finals in London for a 12th straight time . "  I prefer playing him now than four months ago . I 'm more confident now and I believe again in my chances . But if I had played a few weeks ago or a few months ago , I might have thought that I was not sure , " he revealed . Djokovic , in fine form on the indoor circuit , is fully aware of the danger that Federer still poses . "  Roger is probably experiencing the worst season that he had in last 10 years , but he 's still a player to beat in every tournament , because he 's Roger Federer , because he has won 17 Grand Slams , and we all know how successful a career he has , " he said after his easy win over Wawrinka . The pair have not faced each other since Djokovic beat Federer in the title match of last year 's ATP World Tour Finals in London . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal joined his arch rivals in the last four with victory in the first match of the evening session Friday against home favorite Richard Gasquet . Nadal won 6-4 6-1 with a dominant display and will face Spanish compatrot David Ferrer . He is chasing a record sixth Masters title in one season . Defending Paris champion Ferrer beat Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic 4-6 7-5 6-3 to reach the semifinals .	Roger Federer turns tables on Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro Federer lost to Del Potro in Basel final but won quarterfinal clash in Paris He will face Novak Djokovic for place in final of the Masters 1000 event Rafael Nadal beats Richard Gasquet to reach semifinals
London  CNN  Cabinet-maker Michael Ibsen has just put the finishing touches to a coffin ; built of highly-polished , honey-colored English oak and yew , it has been a labor of love , pondered over and painstakingly crafted . Because this is n't any ordinary commission : the casket will be the final resting place of one of Ibsen 's distant relatives , Richard III , who died more than 500 years ago . "  It is a unique privilege , " says Canadian-born Ibsen , whose DNA was used to establish the identity of the English King , found buried beneath a car parking lot in the city of Leicester in August 2012 . "  There 's a wonderful serendipity in a sense that someone involved in the identification of the remains should happen to be furniture maker who can do this . "  When you 're working away you just focus on joining two bits of wood , but at the end of the day when you stand back and think ` I 'm building Richard III 's coffin , ' it 's incredible . " Ibsen says he 's been on an "  extraordinary journey " in the two-and-a-half years since he gave a DNA swab to genetics specialist Turi King on the off chance that experts searching for the burial place of his seventeen-times great-uncle might strike it lucky . Back then even the man in charge of the dig , archaeologist Richard Buckley , did n't expect to find anything -- he told colleagues he 'd "  eat his hat " if they turned up the long-lost King 's remains . "  When we were planning the project , I never made any secret of the fact I thought it very unlikely we 'd be successful , " Buckley told CNN . "  The chances of hitting the right spot were very slim . " Call it a fluke , or call it fate , but as it turned out they hit the right spot almost immediately : Richard III 's skeleton was found on the very first day of the dig , in the first trench dug by the team . At the time , all the experts knew was that they 'd found a set of leg bones , chopped off at the feet by building work at some point in the intervening centuries . It was n't until days later , as archaeologist Jo Appleby carefully exhumed the rest of the skeleton that she spotted the distinct curve of its spine , and the devastating damage medieval weapons had left on its skull . For Philippa Langley , founder of the "  Looking for Richard " project , who stood watching with bated breath as the bones were uncovered , the discovery was a vindication of the years she had spent trying to get people to search for the King 's remains -- and to look again at his reputation . Say the name Richard III to many people , and the image which will spring to mind is that of Shakespeare 's villain , hunchbacked and murderous , who met a grisly end on the battlefield at Bosworth after killing his nephews , the Princes in the Tower . Years of research had convinced Langley of two things : firstly , that his remains lay underneath a car park , in what had once been the Grey Friars ' monastery , and secondly , that he was much-maligned , the victim of bitter Tudor propaganda after his death . Two-and-a-half years on , Langley believes the discovery -- which proved her first theory to be correct -- and the scientific research carried out since , have forced a rethink of Richard III 's story . "  As a writer my view of Richard has always been that he was a very complex , very conflicted , very flawed individual -- that 's the human condition : We are all flawed , complex , conflicted -- but there was something heroic about him , he was courageous on and off the battlefield , " she explains . She says DNA evidence that the King was blue eyed and fair haired -- in contrast to portraits and written descriptions which painted him "  as a hunchback , with a withered arm and a crippled gait , with ` evil ' dark eyes and hair " -- had "  blow -LSB- n -RSB- the mythology out of the window . " "  It makes people question , drop their preconceptions , forget their assumptions , and go back to the beginning , " she says . This weekend , Richard III 's skeleton will leave the laboratory at the University of Leicester , where it has been kept since it was found , and be taken back to Bosworth , scene of his death in 1485 , for a commemoration ceremony , before being returned to Leicester ahead of its reburial next week . And while his body last made that trip slung unceremoniously over the back of a horse , this time the journey will be done in style : carried in the coffin made by his great-nephew . Inside , the smaller bones from his hands and feet will be tucked into linen bags -- each one decorated with a rose , representing the House of York , Richard III 's family -- sewn by children from Leicester 's King Richard III Infant School . "  I feel very proud because I 've never made a bag for a king before , " said Xi Chen , who helped make the pouches . "  It 's like I 'm a servant doing something for a King , " added his classmate Irfan Sheikh . Lead conservation specialist Jon Castleman -- who previously helped to restore the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem -- will be the last person to set eyes on the skeleton , as he welds the ossuary inside the casket shut . Well-wishers are expected to line the route as the cortege winds through the Leicestershire countryside , stopping at several churches along the way for prayers and religious services before making its way back to Leicester Cathedral , near the site of the archaeological dig , where a new tomb has been built for the King . Historian John Ashdown-Hill , who discovered the genealogical link between Richard III and Michael Ibsen , says it is important that the King 's Catholic beliefs are recognized in the ceremonies . Ashdown-Hill , who shares Richard III 's faith , has had a rosary , featuring the white Yorkist rose and a crucifix like one thought to have been owned by Richard III 's mother , made to be placed inside the coffin . For Langley , the procession and celebrations are key to repairing past damage . "  The ethos and aim of the project was to give Richard what he did n't get in 1485 , " she says . "  The reason we wanted to do that was to recognize what went on in the past but not repeat it , to make peace with history . "	Richard III 's remains were found beneath a car park in Leicester in 2012 Long-lost King 's skeleton is to be reinterred in the city 's cathedral later this week Bones will be buried in a coffin made by Richard III 's descendant , Michael Ibsen
From the moment we cross the Turkish border into Syria , evidence of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria 's draconian and brutal rule lingers . More than a month after the group was driven from the town of Addana , residents here drive through the streets , pointing out where ISIS fighters carried out executions and left bodies to rot for all to see . "  That 's where they had one of their checkpoints , " says rebel fighter Abu Sa'ed , pointing to a small concrete building on the side of the road as we speed past . ISIS arrived in Addana about a year ago , initially welcomed in the conservative town by Islamist fighters . But within a few months , ISIS had entrenched itself and begun exerting its harsh order through what one fighter calls "  terrorism and punishment . " "  ISIS came in and took over one area and announced it was an Islamic state and did whatever they wanted , " Abu Sa'ed says . In the passenger 's seat , fellow fighter Abu Jaafar sighs , his AK-47 trained out the window . "  They used to leave the bodies of people they executed at the checkpoint for days , " he says . "  The corpses would rot . No one could avoid looking at them . " Amid the civil war in Syria , another war is taking place -- one that pits moderate and Islamist rebels against radicals from ISIS , a group so radical that even al Qaeda has reportedly distanced itself from it . Both groups of fighters are opposed to the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . For months , reports have been emerging from northern Syria about ISIS atrocities . In Addana , bullet holes riddle the walls at a former ISIS prison . Most of them are at the same level -- the average height of a man . "  Those are mostly from the executions , " says Abu Jamal , another fighter . "  Others are from the battle . " At the town 's courthouse , a fresh coat of white paint covers the black mark left by ISIS -- known to paint buildings black as they take over Syrian towns . Executions would take place out front . In the back , freshly dug dirt marks where some of the bodies were buried in mass graves . Abu Jamal points to a pile of burning trash . ISIS beheaded one of the top rebel commanders -- placing his head in that very spot -- in broad daylight when the market was packed with people as a warning : anyone who dared oppose them would have the same fate . In early January , rebel groups banded together and launched an offensive against ISIS in Addana and other areas in northern Syria . "  We had to leave the fronts with the regime , " Abu Jamal says , "  and fall back to fight ISIS and liberate the already liberated areas . " Still , many in Addana are too afraid to speak openly . So deep is their fear , they do n't even want to be seen with us . Next to the former prison , a family waits , hoping for closure . Volunteers shovel dirt from a grave they dug up before . Video filmed at the time shows four contorted corpses . It 's among many mass graves rebel fighters have unearthed . "  We found a foot , a shoe , and a jacket , " Addana resident Ayoush Ali tells us . Her neighbor Mohammed Ismail joins us . His two younger brothers are missing , he says . "  It 's my brother 's jacket . He just went out to get sugar and tomatoes . " A man drops a pile of children 's socks , covered in dirt , on the ground . "  His wife wanted socks for their kids , " Mohammed says , still disbelieving . The day after we meet Mohammed , the bodies are dug up . It 's three of his brothers who were killed by ISIS . He had thought one of them was in jail . He crouches on the ground , covering his face , shoulders shaking as he sobs .	The radical opposition group ISIS was driven from Addana more than a month ago Locals describe mass executions committed by the al Qaeda-influenced group A war within a war is taking place in Syria , pitting rebel fighters against radicals from ISIS The town is still reeling from the group 's yearlong brutal reign
CNN  -- Images of repression and brutality against peaceful protesters demanding democracy and the elimination of corruption are not limited to Ukraine . In our hemisphere , Venezuelans are suffering at the hands of their own government . Violence and systematic human rights abuses have resulted in 41 dead , hundreds injured , and thousands detained . These rights violations in Venezuela were chronicled this month by Human Rights Watch in a 103-page report , entitled "  Punished for Protesting : Rights Violations in Venezuela 's Streets , Detention Centers , and Justice System . " The study pulls back the veil of President Nicolas Maduro 's administration and shows its willingness to go to dangerous extremes to silence political dissent . It depicts an unraveling situation in Venezuela far worse than suspected . The litany of rights violations is illustrated in graphic fashion : the unlawful use of force , violent mass arrests , crackdowns on free speech and press freedom , blanket denial of due process , and abuses in detention facilities , including electric shock torture . Employing tactics perfected by the Cuban regime , marauding Venezuelan security forces are shown teaming up with armed gangs known as colectivos to beat unarmed demonstrators , firing live ammunition and tear gas canisters indiscriminately into crowds . In one instance , according to the report , a member of the National Guard "  stepped on  a young protester 's  head and fired rubber bullets at point-blank range in his thigh . The shot struck a set of keys in his pocket , dispersing metal shards as well as rubber pellets into his leg . " He was then taken to a military detention facility , denied medical treatment for hours , and lost so much blood that he was near death when finally permitted to see a doctor . While pro-democracy protesters are not fault-free in the use of violence , the primary responsibility for the horrifying , unjustified use of force rests with Maduro and his band of apparatchiks . Venezuela 's alleged socialist paradise has morphed into a verifiable real-life nightmare . At a time when many countries in the Americas are experiencing an economic ascent underpinned by growing middle classes , every indicator reveals that Venezuela is regressing at an alarming rate . Frightening levels of criminal violence are coupled with economic freefall , punctuated by sky-high inflation and a scarcity of basic food items . In Venezuela today , the rule of law is abandoned , the judiciary is hollowed out , freedom of the press is nonexistent , and corruption runs rampant . Drug traffickers collude regularly with government officials and the free flow of narcotics out of the country poses a threat to hemispheric security , as well as to the United States . Last month , Maduro pleaded in The New York Times that "  Venezuela needs peace and dialogue to move forward " -- but instead , he has delivered discord and suffering . With no alternative recourse against the crisis consuming their country , Venezuelan citizens young and old have been turning out in mass demonstrations since early February . Their courage has been met with repression , and the images flooding social media networks induce an outpouring of sympathy , mixed with terror and grief . Attempts by South American governments and the Vatican to mediate talks between the Venezuelan government and political opposition have collapsed and mass arrests continue . The Organization of American States must take a forceful position and demand respect for human rights and democratic inclusion in Venezuela . As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , playing the role of a bystander to this chaos is unacceptable . My response to Maduro-inspired mayhem is authoring bipartisan legislation imposing targeted sanctions on those individuals responsible for violating the rights of peaceful demonstrators . While designed to avoid hurting the Venezuelan people , these hard-hitting penalties include asset freezes and visa bans for high-ranking members of the Maduro administration who have terrorized large segments of the population with unflinching impunity . The legislation also authorizes $ 15 million to defend human rights , support democratic civil society , and strengthen the rule of law . The moment of action is upon us . On Tuesday , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will pass this legislation . As a nation of the Americas guided by principles of liberty and democracy , we are duty bound to respond when the light of freedom is threatened . #SOSVenezuela is a constant refrain on social media networks , galvanizing international attention to the deteriorating situation in Venezuela . The U.S. Congress hears your cries and stands in solidarity . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Robert Menendez says violence against protesters has made Venezuela a nightmare In Venezuela , the rule of law is abandoned and corruption runs rampant , he says Menendez calls for sanctions on those responsible for violating the rights of demonstrators
CNN  -- Did Kerry Kennedy realize the morning of a 2012 traffic accident that she mistakenly took a sleeping pill ? Is she responsible for what happened next ? Those are the sorts of questions the jurors in her DWI trial began deliberating Thursday . In closing arguments , a prosecutor accused Kennedy of lying to police and the public in an effort to protect her legacy . Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , faces a charge of driving while impaired after swerving off the road in her Lexus SUV and careening into a tractor-trailer on a New York interstate in morning rush-hour traffic in July 2012 . She testified this week that she grabbed the wrong prescription bottle off her kitchen counter that morning and swallowed 10 milligrams of zolpidem , commonly known by the brand name Ambien , thinking it was her thyroid medication . "  She had a lot on her mind that morning . And she took the wrong pill by mistake , " prosecutor Doreen Lloyd told jurors . "  However , it also makes no sense whatsoever that at no point did she realize or feel tired or dizzy or drowsy . That makes no sense , " she said . "  She is responsible for the chain of events that happened after that . " Lloyd told jurors that Kennedy had a responsibility to pull off the road safely when she felt the effect of the drug . Her inconsistent statements about the incident , including the claim that her doctors said she 'd had a seizure , were meant as a smokescreen , Lloyd said : "  She knew . She knew right away that she had taken the wrong pill . She felt it . And I submit she was looking for an excuse , to avoid responsibility ... to control her public image . " In his closing arguments , defense attorney Gerald Lefcourt told jurors there 's no disputing that Kennedy ingested zolpidem and was "  out of it " the morning of the crash . "  The dispute is this : Whether the prosecution has proved to you beyond a reasonable doubt that Ms. Kennedy operated her vehicle while she was aware that she had ingested zolpidem and , after becoming aware , she continued intentionally to drive . That 's what this case is all about . " He continued , "  They 're arguing without any evidence that she realized ; she says she did n't . There 's nothing to the contrary . Reasonable doubt . " A jury of two women and four men began its deliberations Thursday afternoon , after four days of testimony . They stopped for the day without reaching a verdict and will resume deliberations Friday morning . This week , jurors watched police cruiser dashboard camera footage of a disoriented Kennedy failing three sobriety tests after a motorist found her slumped over her steering wheel and called 911 . New York State Trooper Bradley Molloy , who evaluated Kennedy three hours after the crash , said he thought she may have a medical condition and recommended that she get checked out . A worried Kennedy asked him for a vial of the blood drawn from her at Northern Westchester Hospital , Molloy said : "  She was concerned , and she wanted to know what happened to her . " Kennedy remained at the hospital overnight for observation . Jurors also heard from Elizabeth Pratt , director of the Westchester County Division of Laboratories and Research , who testified that zolpidem is "  a very potent , fast-acting hypnotic " that begins to hamper cognitive ability and motor skills within 15 to 45 minutes . Its effect on Kennedy would have peaked about 9 a.m. , testified Pratt , roughly the time Kennedy failed the sobriety tests . Lloyd asked Pratt whether zolpidem is a "  knockout pill , " and she replied that the drug would need time to enter the bloodstream and brain before it takes full effect . A defense expert , clinical pharmacologist and forensic toxicologist David Benjamin , challenged that notion Thursday , saying the disabling influence could be instantaneous and impossible for a person to self-detect , likening it to the effects of a date rape drug . During her testimony , Kennedy emphatically denied feeling the effects of the powerful sleep aid in her system before the erratic driving and told Lloyd she does n't even know what its symptoms feel like . "  You 've taken this pill for 10 years , and you ca n't tell me whether or not it makes you feel tired after you take it ? " Lloyd asked incredulously . "  I guess I do n't really think about how I 'm feeling when I take it , " Kennedy replied . "  I take it , and then I 'm asleep . " The jury is well-aware of the defendant 's place in the storied political family . "  Daddy was the attorney general during the civil rights movement and then a senator , " she testified Wednesday , and said her mother raised the family 's 11 children because her father died when she was 8 years old : "  He was assassinated while running for president . " Matriarch Ethel Kennedy , 85 , has attended the trial daily , along with several other relatives and family friends . Kennedy is the director of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights and became animated on the stand as she described her work to fight poverty and sexual slavery . She testified that she missed jury selection last week because of a trip to several European nations , including a meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry in France and another in Brussels with the president of the European Parliament . In her closing arguments , Lloyd told jurors that Kennedy 's humanitarian work and background are irrelevant : "  She is not exempt to the rule of law . She is subject to the rule of law of the state of New York like everybody else . " If convicted , Kennedy could face up to one year in prison .	Kennedy is on trial on a misdemeanor charge of driving while impaired Prosecutor says she lied to protect her legacy Defense : Kennedy was unaware she took a powerful sleep aid Deliberations are set to resume Friday morning
CNN  -- One of "  CSI 's " original cast members will soon wash his hands of all those crime scenes . According to TVGuide.com , star George Eads will exit CBS ' long-running drama at the end of its current season . Eads has played Nick Stokes on the series since "  CSI 's " pilot in 2000 , and is the last remaining original cast member . After getting used to seeing Eads as Nick Stokes for almost 15 years , fans are n't thrilled about saying goodbye . "  D ** n. Mostly the reason I still watched , " tweeted one fan about his upcoming departure . "  Sad to hear George Eads is departing from ` CSI . ' I met him while he was filming years ago and he showed a genuine kindness I greatly admire , " shared another . Although Eads ' time on "  CSI " has n't been trouble-free -- he took a leave of absence last year after a tiff with a writer -- TVGuide.com indicates that his departure is amicable . As of now , fans can expect for Nick Stokes ' story to wrap up with the conclusion of the Gig Harbor Killer case . "  CSI " is currently in its 15th season , which was recently cut down from 22 episodes to 18 in order to make room for CBS ' new "  CSI " spinoff , "  CSI : Cyber . " That series , which stars Patricia Arquette as the head of the FBI 's cyber crime division , will debut in 2015 .	George Eads will reportedly leave ` CSI ' soon He 's expected to depart at the end of the current season According to reports , his exit is amicable
CNN  Looks like another really , really , ridiculously good-looking person is joining the cast of "  Zoolander 2 . " Actress Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film , Ben Stiller announced Friday . Stiller , who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander , dropped the news by sharing a photo of "  Little Penny " Cruz as a child and saying he was "  excited " to welcome her to the cast . Stiller and Owen Wilson , who plays so-hot-right-now model "  Hansel " made a surprise appearance at Paris Fashion Week to promote the film . It is scheduled for release in February 2016 . Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film 's production in Italy , dropping hints to the plot . For example , it looks like Zoolander has a son in the sequel ! Stiller , a producer on the film , is also slated to produce the sequel to "  Dodgeball , " another fan favorite from his resume .	Ben Stiller announces that Penelope Cruz will join cast of "  Zoolander 2 " "  Zoolander 2 " is scheduled for release in 2016
CNN  -- More than 150 students at the University of California at Berkeley took over a campus building Thursday to protest a proposed 81 % increase in tuition fees , university officials said . UC-Berkeley spokeswoman Callie Maidhof described the scene as "  an open occupation with people coming and going " at Tolman Hall on the campus that has been known for decades as a hotbed of student activism and protests . The tuition increase proposed by the board of regents would be phased in over a four-year period . Maidhof added that when the protest began Thursday afternoon , campus police initially resisted the demonstrators and used pepper spray at one point . The university maintained a hands-off approach after that , but according to Maidhof the situation could change at the building 's scheduled closing time of 9 p.m.  midnight ET  . As evening fell , there were between 60 and 70 students occupying one of the classrooms and another group was participating in a teach-in outside on the lawn . Helicopter aerials of the scene from CNN affiliate KTVU showed a few protest banners hung from windows of the classroom building .	The university board of regents has proposed an 81 % tuition hike over four years Students at UC-Berkeley take over a campus building in protest A university spokeswoman says the building is scheduled to be closed for the night at 9 p.m.
CNN  -- Bayern Munich moved level on points with Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday , beating Wolfsburg 3-1 while the German Bundesliga leaders were held 1-1 at Bochum . The two teams are three points clear of third-placed Schalke , who were held to a frustrating 0-0 draw at Freiburg . Bayern were 3-0 up after an hour against ailing champions Wolfsburg as Dutch forward Arjen Robben scored in the second minute from Thomas Muller 's left-wing cross and defender Daniel van Buyten headed his sixth goal this season from Ivica 's Olic pass on 26 . Robben hit the post after the break and then second-half substitute Franck Ribery was credited with the third goal in the 57th minute , though it seemed possible that Wolfsburg 's Andrea Barzagli had the final touch . Wolfsburg striker Grafite had a penalty saved by Hans-Jorg Butt , his first miss since moving to the Bundesliga in 2007 , after Ribery fouled Sascha Riether but the Brazilian added a late consolation from Edin Dzeko 's deflected cross . The result gave Bayern 45 points from 21 matches after a seventh successive victory , while Wolfsburg are now 20 points off the pace and just six above the relegation zone . Leverkusen remained undefeated in the league this season but saw their four-match winning run come to a halt as Zlatko Dedic scored a second-half equalizer for 14th-placed Bochum . Eren Derdiyok put the visitors ahead on the stroke of halftime with a low shot on the turn after a pass from Stefan Kiessling , but Dedic leveled in the 68th minute when he poked the ball past oncoming goalkeeper Rene Adler and in off the post . Schalke failed to take advantage of Leverkusen 's lapse despite extending their unbeaten run to seven matches , as Marcelo Bordon controversially had a goal disallowed soon after halftime when his header hit the underside of the crossbar and appeared to cross the line . Teammate Kevin Kuranyi also headed against the post in the first half , while Mohamadou Idrissou nodded against the bar for Freiburg , who ended a four-game losing run to move up to 15th . Fourth-placed Hamburg remained nine points behind the leaders after also dropping two points in a 3-3 draw at Cologne . Hamburg led 3-1 with 15 minutes left after an early goal from Marcell Jansen and two from Croatia striker Mladen Petric , but Milivoje Novakovic pulled one back with a fine free-kick on 75 minutes and Adil Chihi equalized two minutes from time with a shot that deflected in off defender David Rozehnal . Stuttgart continued their climb up the table with a 2-1 win at second-bottom Nuremburg that lifted them to eighth thanks to Roberto Hilbert 's 87th-minute winner . Seventh-placed Hoffenheim also have 28 points following a 2-1 win at home to bottom club Hannover , ending a four-game losing streak as first-half goals from Carlos Eduardo and Sejad Salihovic were the club 's first of 2010 . Hannover pulled one back through Arouna Kone in the 67th minute but remain rooted to the foot of the table , five points below Nuremburg . In Italy , Juventus continued their miserable run with a 1-1 draw at lowly Livorno , the second in a row for new head coach Alberto Zaccheroni . Livorno , who moved up to 15th place and also held AC Milan 1-1 last weekend , took the lead in the 26th minute with a header from diminutive striker Antonio Filippini before Juve defender Nicola Legrottaglie nodded in off the post to level four minutes before halftime . Juve then had Brazil midfielder Felipe Melo sent off for a second booking with eight minutes left . The result left Zaccheroni 's team in sixth place , 14 points behind leaders Inter , who host Cagliari on Sunday . Palermo moved up to fifth place , two points above Juve , with a 2-1 victory at home to Parma . Edison Cavani headed in Fabrizio Miccoli 's free-kick to put Palermo ahead after 63 minutes , but Jonathan Biabiany leveled nine minutes later with a controversial goal which came while the hosts called for treatment for their scorer . Former Palermo coach Francesco Guidolin , who has had four stints at the Stadio Renzo Barbera , was denied a point on his first return with an opposing team as Brazilian Fabio Simplicio smashed an 87th-minute winner .	Bayern Munich beat Wolfsburg 3-1 to move level on points with German leaders Bayer Leverkusen Leverkusen draw 1-1 at Bochum to end four-game winning run , but remain unbeaten Third-placed Schalke stay three points off the leaders after 0-0 draw at Freiburg Juventus drop to sixth in Italy with 1-1 draw at Livorno as Palermo beat Parma 2-1
CNN  You may not know it , but comedian Trevor Noah actually made a bit of history even before being named to succeed Jon Stewart as host of "  The Daily Show . " The 31-year-old South African comic has made only a few appearances on that show since popping up as a correspondent in December , but he 's better known within the world of standup comedy . In 2013 , Noah became the first African comedian to perform on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . " He 's been on the cover of Rolling Stone in South Africa , where he 's extremely popular . He 's joked about being the son of a black African woman and a white Swiss man who met when interracial relationships were illegal in South Africa . "  My mom would be arrested . She would be fined , and still she was like ` ooh , I do n't care , I want a white man , ooh , ' " he once told an audience at London 's Soho Theater during his standup show "  The Racist . " "  And my dad was also like , well , you know how the Swiss love chocolate . " Why mixed-race comic was ` born a crime ' Race , identity and ethnicity have figured in prominently in his act . Because of his parents ' then-illegal relationship , he joked , "  In the streets , my father could n't walk with us . He would walk on the other side of the road and wave at me like a creepy pedophile . And my mom could walk with me , but every time the police went by , she would drop me . I felt like a bag of weed . " Noah has said in his act that he lost touch with his father for several years because of apartheid . In 2012 , he told NPR that he was fascinated by how Americans discuss race . "  I got to Baltimore , and I was expecting ... because urban means built up and new , you know , " he said . "  So I got there , and I was , ` Whoa , it 's not as urban as people told me . ' ... But it 's very black . I 'll tell you that much . " Noah told CNN 's "  African Voices " in 2013 that after finding success in his homeland -- where he starred on a soap opera , hosted his own radio show and was the subject of the 2012 documentary "  You Laugh But It 's True " -- he moved to the United States for a year to try to raise his profile . He returned to his country with new material shaped by his time spent in the States , he said . "  Comedy is really getting quite popular in South Africa , " Noah said . "  It 's moving from the bastard child of entertainment into the mainstream , which is very good . I think the reason it 's doing so well is because South Africans need to laugh and South Africans want to laugh . " Noah has moved to the U.S. permanently and told Newsweek , "  I 've always wanted to be a comedian in the world . I do n't want to be labeled a South African comedian . " On "  The Daily Show , " he debuted as a correspondent with a bit titled "  Spot the Africa , " which juxtaposed modern-day South Africa and the United States . What remains to be seen is whether what the Guardian has described as "  his combination of terribly polite , butter-wouldn ` t-melt stage presence and biting , often brutal gags " will translate into success on "  The Daily Show . "	Noah is the son of a black South African woman and a white Swiss man He 's very popular in South Africa Noah 's act often focuses on race and ethnicity
CNN  A federal investigation has not found enough evidence to charge Darren Wilson with the federal crime of depriving Michael Brown of his civil rights , according to multiple sources familiar with the investigation . The FBI has completed its investigation into the August shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , and sent the findings to the Justice Department , a law enforcement official and a separate U.S. official said Wednesday . Justice Department prosecutors will not recommend civil rights charges against Wilson , who killed Brown , because there is not sufficient evidence to support charges , a U.S. official told CNN . The New York Times first reported the development Wednesday . A grand jury decided not to indict Wilson on state charges in November . However , the final Justice Department report has not been completed . The FBI joined local officials in interviewing over 200 people and looked at much the same evidence as the grand jury . What are the Brown family 's options ? Ultimately , the decision will be made by Attorney General Eric Holder , who has said he will announce a decision before he leaves office , which is expected to be by spring . Another Justice Department civil rights investigation into the Ferguson Police Department 's overall track record with minorities is ongoing . Benjamin Crump , an attorney for Brown 's family , declined to comment on the news Wednesday . "  The family of Michael Brown Jr. will wait for official word from the Justice Department regarding whether or not any charges will be filed against the police officer who shot and killed him , " Crump said in a written statement released Wednesday . "  The family wo n't address speculation from anonymous sources . " Months of protests over alleged police brutality and racial profiling surged in Ferguson and across the country after Wilson , a white officer , killed Brown , an unarmed African-American teen . Legal experts have long noted that a federal civil rights case against Wilson would be more difficult to prove . "  The bar is extraordinarily high , " said Joey Jackson , a criminal defense attorney and legal analyst for CNN 's sister network HLN . "  You have to show an intentional deprivation of a civil right . " Given how difficult it is to prove intent , and also how many conflicting accounts emerged from the grand jury investigation , "  it would be very difficult to move forward federally with a civil rights charge , " Jackson said . If no federal charges are brought against Wilson , who resigned from his position as a Ferguson Police officer in November , some people in the area will be disappointed , said Antonio French , a St. Louis city alderman who lives near Ferguson . "  I think you have a lot of people who will be disappointed if this does turn out to be the case . The community and the family wanted a day in court , an opportunity to see all the evidence laid out , cross-examined , " French said . "  And it looks like that 's not going to happen . I hope we do n't have any violence as a result of this . " Violent protests erupted in Ferguson after the grand jury 's decision not to indict Wilson in November . Police are still searching for suspects accused of looting . Protests are n't likely to stop any time soon , French said . "  People have a right to protest . We will probably continue to see that . That 's a good thing . But we want to keep them peaceful , nonviolent , " he said . "  Because violence makes the situation worse . It divides the community in a time we need to come together and make everyone feel like they can get equal protection . " Ultimately , he said , some of the protesters ' goals can be achieved outside the courts . "  The next steps I think are legislative change , " French said , "  trying to make sure that in cases like this we get a special prosecutor by law , and to create a new level of civilian oversight over police departments . " In his State of the State speech on Wednesday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said addressing "  the broader , systemic issues " raised by the unrest that followed the killing of Brown would demand "  sustained effort . " "  The legacy of Ferguson will be determined by what we do next ... to foster healing and hope ... and the changes we make to strengthen all of our communities , " he said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Dave Alsup , Jethro Mullen and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	Federal investigators have been looking into the Michael Brown shooting Sources say they have n't found enough evidence for Darren Wilson to face civil rights charges The former Ferguson police officer shot and killed Brown in August
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain 's campaign rebuked Sen. Joe Biden on Tuesday , saying the Democratic vice presidential nominee had "  sunk to a new low " by raising a debate over who cares more for special needs children . Sen. Joseph Biden embraces a supporter during a campaign stop in Columbia , Missouri , on Tuesday . The Republican camp 's sharp response came after Biden said GOP advocates for children with birth defects should support stem cell research . During a campaign event in Columbia , Missouri , Biden did not mention his Republican counterpart by name but said , "  I hear all this talk about how the Republicans are going to work in dealing with parents who have both the joy ... and the difficulty of raising a child who has a developmental disability , who were born with a birth defect . " Biden 's support of stem cell research is at odds with the position taken by the Republicans ' vice presidential nominee , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , whose 5-month-old son , Trig , has Down syndrome . Palin , an evangelical Christian , opposes stem cell research because it involves the use of human embryos , but her running mate , GOP presidential nominee McCain , does support stem cell research . "  Well , guess what , folks ? If you care about it , why do n't you support stem cell research ? " asked Biden , the running mate of Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama . Those comments brought a sharp response . "  Barack Obama 's running mate sunk to a new low today , launching an offensive debate over who cares more about special needs children , " McCain-Palin spokesman Ben Porritt said . "  Playing politics with this issue is disturbing and indicative of a desperate campaign . " Biden spokesman David Wade insisted that the Delaware senator 's comments were not directed at Palin . "  This is a clash of policies , not a clash of personalities , " Wade said . "  We 've heard not a dime 's worth of difference between the McCain-Palin ticket and the Bush administration on medical breakthroughs that millions of parents and doctors believe could save lives and transform the quality of life for countless Americans . " During her acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention last week , Palin told parents of children with disabilities that she would be "  a friend and advocate in the White House . " But the Alaska governor 's support for the disabled has come under scrutiny since McCain chose Palin to be his running mate nearly two weeks ago . Before her run for the vice presidency , advocacy for special needs programs had not been a central part of her political campaigns or during her administration , despite her sister 's autistic son . Watch more on Palin 's budget priorities " Palin signed a bill this year increasing special needs funding but frustrated some of the bill 's co-sponsors by stepping in only at the last minute . Sonya Kerr , an Anchorage attorney specializing in disability rights , filed a lawsuit against the state and Palin , alleging that there are not enough services for kids with special needs , specifically a child with autism . "  I would say , welcome , Gov. Palin , to our reality and what we 've been trying to deal with for a long time , " Kerr said . "  I hope that it means that there will be support on a bipartisan basis for what people with disabilities need so we are not a bargaining chip in the political process . " CNN 's Deb Feyerick , Alexander Mooney and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Biden says GOP advocates for special needs kids should support stem cell research McCain camp says Biden "  sunk to a new low " with comments GOP VP pick Palin has a son with Down syndrome , opposes stem cell research Biden spokesman says vice presidential nominee did not target Palin
More details emerged in state media Thursday about the dismissal of the highest-ranking Chinese official yet since President Xi Jinping launched a massive campaign against corruption -- a lightning rod for public discontent across the country . Su Rong , a former vice chairman of China 's top political advisory body , was formally removed from his post on Wednesday . Though little known outside of China , Su 's position at the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference made him a "  state leader " in the official hierarchy . The downfall of Su , a senior member of the ruling Communist Party who served as the Party boss in three provinces , was made public on June 14 . The Party 's disciplinary commission said in a brief online announcement that he is under investigation for the "  serious violation of laws and Party disciplines . " ` Flies and tigers ' State media has since characterized Su as the biggest "  tiger " caught in President Xi 's anti-graft campaign . After taking power in late 2012 , Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  flies and tigers " alike in his fight against corruption when describing his resolve to spare no one regardless of their position . The state-run Xinhua news agency recently touted the catching of 30 "  tigers " after the investigations of Su as well as two other provincial leaders became known . Su , 65 , and his wife profited tremendously through bribes and illegal land deals when he ran the southeastern province of Jiangxi , state media reported . He was also implicated in tampering with evidence in a criminal trial and covering up the death toll in the breaching of a local dam , according to state media . Zhou Yongkang Some China watchers have noted Su 's ties to Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar who has been rumored to be under investigation for some time . State media has reported official probes into many of Zhou 's family members as well as former associates in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and Sichuan Province in the southwest -- three places Zhou once ruled . If announced , Zhou would replace Su to become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . In 2013 , some 182,000 officials were disciplined while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Party 's disciplinary commission . State media has cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- though called politically motivated by Bo supporters -- as one prime example of President Xi 's determination to clean up the Party . ` Corruption endemic ' Longtime China observers , however , point to the limits of President Xi 's war on corruption . "  There have been public calls for a law to require officials disclosing their assets . There has been no indication that they are going to do that . In fact , a number of people calling for this law have ended up in prison , " said Frank Ching , a Hong Kong-based commentator and columnist on Chinese politics . "  I think people will be much more convinced of the seriousness of this anti-corruption campaign if there were a move to enact such a law . " "  Corruption is so widespread and so endemic that campaigns are just not going do it , " he added . "  Something has to be done about the system . "	Su Rong , former vice chairman of China 's top political advisory body , removed from his post Party : Su under investigation for the "  serious violation of laws and Party disciplines " Xinhua : Su and his wife profited through bribes and illegal land deals when he ran Jiangxi province This is the latest chapter in President Xi Jinping 's crusade against corruption in China
CNN  -- When Autumn Preble was a teenager in the 1960s , she spent hours gazing at black-and-white LIFE magazine photographs that documented the journey of Peace Corps volunteers all over the world . George Stouter , 67 , is helping build mental health programs in Saint Kitts for his Peace Corps stint . Preble , of Whidbey Island , Washington , wanted to join , but after college came marriage and a child . Now at 58 , with her son off to college , she has begun her two-year stint as a Peace Corps volunteer working in the public health sector in Francistown , Botswana , where nearly one in four individuals are infected with HIV . "  I 'm getting to experience what it 's like to live in another culture , and that has a lot of value to me , " Preble said from her simple two-bedroom bungalow in Botswana . Preble is known to natives in her community as Masego  Ma say ho  , which means "  many gifts . " "  This is the kind of travel that I 'm interested in . " Forget the mapped-out cruises or packaged vacations to see the world . A growing number of Americans over 50 are dedicating time in their golden years to volunteering abroad . The decision is becoming more attractive with a sickly national economy sparking more layoffs and early retirement packages . "  The economic crisis is giving them an opportunity to take a break , " said Vanessa Noel , an associate director in the nonprofit department of Alliance Abroad Group . The Austin , Texas-based company offers work , teaching and volunteer programs to students and graduates in the U.S. and abroad . Noel coordinates volunteer trips abroad that typically last between two and 12 weeks . Inquiries from eager adults over 50 have flooded her office in recent months -- so much so that she is creating new programs this summer to Costa Rica and Ecuador tailored to older volunteers that will last several weeks . "  Life is short , and now they can seize the opportunities out there . " Applications for the Peace Corps from adults over 50 have spiked 44 percent in 2008 compared to 2007 , driven largely by the weak economy and a campaign launched in 2007 to lure mature volunteers . All applicants to the Peace Corps -- a federal program created in 1961 that puts Americans overseas in places of need -- must pass background checks and a health test . Married couples are allowed to join together . By the end of 2008 , there were 428 Peace Corps volunteers over age 50 in the field in countries all over the world , from South Africa and Romania to the Eastern Caribbean , challenging the traditional image of the 20-something , post-college volunteer . See the stories of Americans over 50 who have volunteered abroad " Other nonprofit groups specializing in shorter "  voluntourism " trips also are seeing a spike in interest . For those unable to leave for the 27 months required by intensive volunteer programs like the Peace Corps , these paid programs last from a week to a year . Cross-Cultural Solutions , a nonprofit in New York that offers volunteer trips to countries like Russia and Peru from one to 12 weeks , experienced more than a 10 percent growth in volunteers over 50 in 2008 , compared with 2007 , according to company officials . San Francisco , California-based Global Services Corps , a nonprofit that coordinates service trips to Thailand , Tanzania and Cambodia for stays from two weeks to a year , saw a 25 percent jump in information requests from older Americans after the stock market tanked in October . Older volunteers have long donated time to volunteering abroad , perhaps most famously President Jimmy Carter 's mother , Lillian Carter , who applied to the Peace Corps at age 68 . As global health and economic issues abroad have become more publicized in an increasingly connected world , older Americans venturing overseas hope they can serve some of the poorest communities in the world while improving the tarnished American image abroad . Many older Americans , like Preble , say they are volunteering abroad in response to President John F. Kennedy 's inspiring words from their younger years , asking them to serve their country . Now , they finally have the time . "  They have had a pretty lifelong pattern of community activism , so it makes perfect sense that as they approach the retirement years , they will do a lot of volunteering abroad , " said Linda George , a professor of sociology specializing in aging at Duke University . Some volunteers also say they are motivated by President Obama 's call for change . This month , Obama signed the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act , which will pour an estimated $ 6 billion into volunteerism , including programs for older adults and retirees . Mary Hecht , 66 , and her husband Norman Hecht , 68 , left their cozy home in New Jersey to embark on a one-week trip this month to save the giant tortoises in the Galapagos Islands . In the midst of packing , she said she is excited to stay with a host family and learn more about the native food and culture . "  I think the older you get , the more set in your ways you become , " said Hecht , who worked in the education sector for most of her career . "  I think the trip will teach me to be flexible and roll with the punches . " While many volunteers over 50 say there are some drawbacks to volunteering later in life -- such as missing their children and grandchildren back at home -- there are many advantages , too . Mature volunteers bring with them valuable life and career experiences , and many countries tend to pay more respect to older people . "  The kinds of things they are struggling with in terms of creating programs are exactly the sorts of things I was previously involved with , " said 67-year-old Peace Corps volunteer George Stouter , who started in Saint Kitts in the West Indies last fall . He consults on mental health initiatives at a local boys hospital , among many other projects . Stouter worked as a psychiatric social worker in Michigan for 35 years . Greg O'Neill , director of the National Academy on an Aging Society , added that Americans are retiring earlier and living longer , which lends more time to volunteering or making a career change . Darlene Grieger , an 81-year-old grandmother from Arizona , says there are no limits with age . In March 2007 , she bid farewell to her five children and 14 grandchildren and went on her first volunteer trip to Costa Rica -- thanks to money donated by her family -- where she volunteered at an orphanage for three months . There , younger volunteers on her program usually called her "  grandmom , " she said , chuckling . Last fall , she jetted off to Thailand for six weeks to work with a women 's group . She did find time to do touristy things between her volunteer duties : Before coming back to the states , she flew on her own to Cambodia to catch a glimpse of Angkor Wat , one of the most famous temples in the world . "  I could n't even imagine just going on a trip , " said Grieger , who is planning on selling her home so she can continue volunteering abroad . "  That has to be so boring . "	Applications for the Peace Corps from adults over 50 have spiked 44 percent Nonprofit groups offering "  voluntourism " trips report more mature participants Older Americans are motivated by President Obama 's call for change "  I 'm getting to experience what it 's like to live in another culture , " one volunteer says
CNN  -- The 2013 America 's Cup will be faster than ever after organizers announced that wingsail catamarans will be the vessels of choice . The race has historically been between yachts with a single hull , however the 34th edition of the contest will be between multi-hull vessels with wings rather than traditional sails . This means the boats will travel faster through the water , with top speeds in excess of 30 knots , almost three times as fast as in the past . The Golden Gate Yacht Club , hosts of the 2013 race and holders of the cup , have also announced a new , shorter race format for the competition . In an attempt to boost interest in one of sailing 's showpiece events an annual World Series will also take place , starting in 2011 , resulting a world champion team being crowned . In addition , a youth America 's Cup will also be introduced , set to begin in 2012 . In a statement on the International Sailing Federation  ISAF  website , the CEO of 2010 's winning syndicate BMW ORACLE Racing Russell Coutts explained the reasons behind the changes . "  We believe this new format and new boat will put the America 's Cup back at the pinnacle of our sport , " said Coutts . "  These changes will give equal opportunity to competitors and long-term economic stability to all teams and all commercial partners . We promised fairness and innovation and this is what we 've delivered . " The statement also explained how , in addition to generating interest in the contest , the new annual America 's Cup World Series will provide increased commercial revenue for the teams and their sponsors . The venue for the 2013 contest is not due to be announced until the end of the year , with San Francisco , Valencia and a location near Rome believed to be under consideration . Vincenzo Onorato , President of the 2013 challengers Mascalzone Latino , supported the changes : "  I think that we need to acknowledge that the Defender has kept its word . The America 's Cup is going to have fair rules and a truly independent management of the racing . "	The 34th America 's Cup will take place on faster wingsail catamarans An annual America 's Cup World Series will begin in 2011 , according to organizers A youth competition will also be introduced in 2012 to boost interest among youngsters
CNN  -- Washington is n't listening . The disconnect between the American people and the agenda being advanced in Washington is growing by the day . When Americans have spoken up , their voices have fallen on deaf ears . Political expedience and partisan allegiances have repeatedly trumped the priorities of the American people . Americans wanted jobs , but instead Washington passed a "  stimulus " that has failed to keep unemployment below 8 percent as promised -- while producing countless instances of government waste . Americans wanted lower health care costs , but instead Washington passed a health care law that will actually increase costs and hurt our economy . Americans want common-sense fiscal discipline , but Washington continues to spend money we do n't have and pile debt on future generations . The current approach in Washington is failing the American people , who deserve a Congress and a government that puts their priorities and everyday concerns first . It 's not enough , however , for Republicans to simply state our principled opposition to the current agenda . We must also offer the American people a clear set of solutions they can expect us to fight for , a project that House Republican Leader John Boehner has tasked me to lead . Shortly after beginning this important work , we realized that distrust in government runs too deep to simply hand down a policy plan from Washington . More than just new policy , we also need to change the way Washington sets its policy . That notion is the driving force behind America Speaking Out , an unprecedented initiative designed to engage the public in a discussion of your priorities for America . Read more about the GOP 's plan Beginning next week , House Republicans will be setting out across the country to hold America Speaking Out town halls , where we will seek your input on creating a new policy agenda . At the same time , we will be using all the technological tools available to us , such as phone apps and telephone town halls , to listen to the priorities of the American people . This effort includes a new interactive website -- AmericaSpeakingOut.com -- that will allow anyone , regardless of party , to submit what he or she believes should be a part of this new plan . We have developed this site to be the home for an online conversation between members of Congress and those they are elected to represent . These ideas and exchanges will serve as the building blocks for the governing agenda we will present to the American people later this year . Of course , this will be a Republican agenda , so this project is designed to take core common-sense , conservative principles -- whether it 's building a smaller , more accountable government , economic freedom and lower taxes , or providing for a strong national defense -- and discuss how they can be applied to America 's priorities . Rather than a listening tour , we are seeking a robust debate about the challenges we face and the solutions that should be pursued . Leadership is about laying out clear solutions to the challenges we face , just as we have offered positive alternatives to Democratic policies with which we disagree . But leadership today also requires a humility that appreciates that Americans are really in charge of Congress . America Speaking Out recognizes that the wisdom and will of the American people are the only things strong enough to change the course our nation is on . Building a new agenda for our nation starts today , and we hope all Americans will join us in the process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin McCarthy .	Rep. Kevin McCarthy says Washington has n't been listening to what Americans want He says people wanted lower health care costs , not a costly new entitlement People wanted more jobs , not a stimulus that has failed to keep unemployment down , he says McCarthy says the GOP is asking Americans for ideas for a new policy agenda
CNN  -- The hunt is on for the killers of two extremely rare whooping cranes , shot as they spent the winter in Kentucky . The birds are thought to have been illegally shot in a single incident in November , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Kentucky Department of Fish & Wildlife Resources said Thursday . Now a reward is being offered to help track down the killers . Whooping cranes are the most endangered of all of the world 's crane species , according to the release , and are protected under two federal laws . Fewer than 500 of the long-legged birds live in the wild in the United States . Seven of them were in Kentucky this winter . The first bird was reported injured on November 25 in Hopkins County , the news release said . Two days later it was rescued because it had become very weak , but its upper leg was shattered and it had to be euthanized . Investigators then found the carcass of the bird 's mate , about 5 miles from where the first crane was discovered . The birds , which were fitted with radio transmitters , had arrived in Kentucky -- where they 'd spent the previous two winters -- only in mid-November . According to Kentucky 's Courier-Journal newspaper , the male of the pair became well known to Louisville-area residents in 2007 when it fell behind during its first tricky migration south . The reward for information leading to the arrest or conviction of those responsible currently stands at $ 7,200 , and contributions continue to come in , wildlife officials said . Anyone with clues should get in touch with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the Kentucky Department of Fish & Wildlife Resources . The penalty for killing a whooping crane is up to a $ 100,000 fine and a year in prison . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Wildlife officials seek the killers of two rare whooping cranes in Kentucky The birds are thought to have been shot in the same incident in November A reward is offered for information leading to those responsible for the crime Whooping cranes are the most endangered of all of the world 's crane species
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- A Connecticut doctor whose wife and two daughters were killed in a 2007 home invasion took the stand Tuesday to testify against one of the accused killers , recalling horrific details of being beaten and tied up by his alleged captors while fearing for the well-being of his family . William Petit , testifying on the trial 's second day in New Haven Superior Court , calmly relayed to an attentive jury the events leading up the invasion . Prosecutors allege that Steven Hayes , 47 , and Joshua Komisarjevsky , 30 , broke into the Petit family 's home in July 2007 . The men are said to have beaten up Petit , strangled his 48-year-old wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit , and set the home ablaze . The couple 's two daughters , Hayley , 17 , and Michaela , 11 , died of smoke inhalation . The two paroled felons are charged with capital murder , kidnapping , sexual assault , burglary and arson . They both could face the death penalty if convicted . Hayes is accused of raping Hawke-Petit , and prosecutors have charged Komisarjevsky , who will be tried separately , with sexually assaulting Petit 's 11-year-old daughter . July 22 , 2007 , began with Petit , his wife and Michaela attending church , Petit testified Tuesday . Hayley was just returning home that day from a weekend visiting with friends . Petit then played golf with his father while the girls went to the beach . The plan , Petit said , was for Michaela to help her mother cook dinner that night . "  Michaela loved to cook , " said Petit , who was wearing a heart-shaped Petit Family Foundation pin on his lapel . The family finished dinner and the girls settled into the family room to watch "  Army Wives " ; Petit fell asleep in the sun room while reading the Sunday paper , he said . The next thing he remembers , he said , was "  thinking or feeling ` ow , ow , ow ! ' " as blood ran from a gash on his head . "  I sort of awoke in a daze . ... The next thing I knew I was seated on the middle of the sofa , with my head down  and  there was something warm running down the side of my face , " he testified . "  I saw two people standing in front of the sofa , one in front and one slightly to the rear ... and the one in the rear holding a gun , down and to his side . " While Petit said he could not clearly see the gun , he could see its form and shape , adding that "  it appeared to resemble a 9 mm semiautomatic gun . " Prosecutor Michael Dearington produced a gun as evidence and Petit confirmed "  that gun is consistent with the shape of the gun I saw . " Petit testified that the suspects told him to lie down on the couch "  and tied my hands at the wrists and my feet at the ankles " and covered his head with an unidentifiable piece of fabric . "  I heard one of them say , ` If he moves , put two bullets into him , " he added . Eventually , the suspects led him , with his head still covered , to the basement . "  I heard nothing from Jennifer , Hayley or Michaela . ... I did not know where they were in the house , for the most part , " he said . Once he was taken to the basement , Petit was bound to a support pole by a rope around his chest and waist , his hands still bound with plastic zip ties . "  I would sort of go in and out of it , and slide down the pole , " he testified . "  My body weight sliding down made my body feel better . ... Eventually I was able to get the rope on my hands untied , and break the plastic . But I was not able to undo my feet . " Petit recalled that earlier in the ordeal , one of the suspects asked where the family kept their safe . "  I said we had no safe , " he testified , adding that "  much later on , I heard Jennifer ... say that she would need to get dressed and need her checkbook or my checkbook to go to the bank . " A bank teller at a local Bank of America branch testified Monday that Hawke-Petit asked to withdraw $ 15,000 , telling the woman she needed the money "  because she and her family were being held hostage at her house . " Petit said that for the most part "  it was very quiet " while he was trapped in the basement , but at one point he heard "  three loud noises , like someone was throwing 20 - or 30-pound sacks on the living room floor . " "  I heard moaning and the thumps , and may have yelled out ` hey ! ' " he said . "  And a voice yelled , ` Do n't worry , it 'll be all right in a couple of minutes . ' But there was definitely a change of voice ... more sinister . " Fearing for his family 's safety , Petit , still bound by his feet , hopped to the basement door . "  I just thought time was of the essence , and I needed to get help , " he said , telling how he hopped up the basement stairs and headed to the house of his neighbor , Dave Simcik . "  I started to crawl , but that was n't very efficient , so I started to roll -- the whole time I was yelling ` Dave , Dave ! ' ... I rolled over , with my feet still tied , banging on his garage door , hoping he would hear . The garage door went up , and Dave said ` Can I help you , sir ? ' , and I said ` Dave , it 's me , Bill , call 911 ! ' " Petit said police arrived moments after he made it to the Simcik house . He said officers asked him who was in his house , and he replied , "  the girls , the girls . " Petit said he recalled hearing a "  whoosh " sound shortly after one of the men in the house yelled to him "  do n't worry , it will all be over soon , " though he said he did not smell smoke or see flames once he was out of the house . After the ambulance arrived , he was taken to a hospital . In all , Petit said , he lost between five and seven pints of blood . Prosecutors say the suspects put gasoline in several plastic gallon-size jugs found at the house -- originally filled with windshield washer fluid -- to start the fire in the home . The only other witness Tuesday was police Sgt. Phillip Giampietro , who testified that he was working at "  an extra job " on the morning of the home invasion when he received word "  that there was a possible home invasion/hostage situation . " Giampietro described seeing "  activity in the driveway at one point , " and then the Petit 's vehicle "  quickly backed down the driveway . " The Chrysler Pacifica escaped after hitting an unmarked police car and running over a stone wall . Giampietro identified the passenger in the vehicle as Hayes . The sergeant said the Pacifica took off "  at a high rate of speed " and that "  shortly after it disappeared , I heard a crash . " Giampietro said he and other officers tried to enter the home at that point , but were unable to do so because of the intense smoke , heat and fire . "  There was so much fire and so much heat the -LSB- window -RSB- panes were disintegrating and falling onto the ground , " he said . In an odd twist Tuesday afternoon , a male juror was dismissed after telling the courtroom that he 's "  confused by the presentation of the state 's case , and what seems to be a lack of preparation on their part . " Prosecutors filed a motion for his dismissal and Judge Jon C. Blue granted the motion to objections from the defense . In issuing his ruling , Blue said that the juror "  is in such a state of agitation that I 'm worried about the contamination of the jury . ... This is an extraordinary occurrence . "	NEW : Police sergeant says he saw Hayes fleeing the scene Juror dismissed after expressing concerns to court William Petit 's wife and two daughters were killed in a 2007 home invasion Petit testified on the second day of trial Tuesday
Wired  -- In theory , Origami is simple : Take a sheet of paper , follow the dotted lines and without the use of scissors or glue , you 've got a paper crane . It stands to reason that if you 're good at following instructions , you 're good at origami . And that 's trueâ $ " anyone can fold their way to a simple paper crane . But truly grasping the geometric complexities of that crane ? That 's actually pretty brainy stuff . Nerdy Thanksgiving Origami is arguably more math than art , so it makes sense then that MIT would have a thriving origami scene . Every Sunday , a group of around 20 to 30 people gather on campus to experiment with paper folding techniques . Most recently , the group folded a series of turkeys , cornucopias , pine cones and vegetables to create a gorgeously nerdy Thanksgiving tableau . Read more : Wildly detailed drawings that combine math and butterflies If you 're not a math person , it might seem incomprehensible to fashion a turkey out of a single piece of paper , but for Yongquan Lu and his fellow OrigaMIT members , it 's an entertaining challenge . Lu , a sophomore mathematics major at MIT , is the incoming president of of OrigaMIT , and has been practicing paper folding since high school . "  I really love how systematic origami is , " he says . "  It 's the perfect combination of math and art . " The math behind the art Every origami model you see relies on a blueprintâ $ " a series of pre-determined creases that will guide the folder through the process . In the beginning , precise , careful folding can get you pretty far , but if you want to start riffing on designs or creating your own , you have to have more than an elementary grasp on some basic mathematical principles . "  I got more involved in investigating the connections between math and geometry behind it , " he says . "  These days a lot of the stuff I fold is a lot more geometric , more tessellations . " For the Thanksgiving scene , Lu contributed the cornucopia basket , which he nonchalantly describes as a "  pretty well-known conical , flat tessellation pattern . " Read more : Mind-blowing portraits made of test tubes and pushpins Most of the students at MIT approach paper folding with a highly-technical slant . It 's not uncommon for the group to have a lengthy discussion about reverse-engineering each of the diagram 's folds or talk about polyhedral shapes and hexagonal symmetry . "  We 'll ask ourselves , ` Ok , where does this step come from , why does a designer choose to do it like this ? Or I wonder if I started with these proportions , what would happen ? " Lu explains . "  That really comes out of the engineering background of a lot of our members . " No need for whizz skills Lu is quick to clarify that though OrigaMIT probably tends to be slightly more math-centric than your typical origami club , you do n't need to possess A Beautiful Mind-caliber math skills to join in . Sure , the peacock-like turkey took more than three hours to fold , but if you look around , there are tons of simple yet beautiful contributions like the vegetables , leaves and pine cones . "  We wanted to show that there are models of varying complexities . Sometimes people get intimidated because they think we 're folding all of these complex models , " he says . "  But actually everyone can get involvedâ $ " it 's not something that 's exclusive and insular in any way . " Read more from WIRED : Powerful Photos Go Deep Inside America 's Fracking Boom How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love The Most Amazing Images NASA Took of Earth From Space A Teeny House Filled With Clever , Space-Saving Contraptions 11 Must-Watch New Netflix Movies to Stream in 2014 Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A group of MIT students started an origami club to push the boundaries of paper folding The club explores the geometrical nature of origami to create complicated shapes They recently created an elaborate Thanksgiving inspired tableau
CNN  -- Country music star Wynonna Judd is a supporter of the Wounded Warrior Project , an organization that helps injured service members and their families . She recently spoke with CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki about the need to support individuals who 've served in the military , especially those who have been injured in the line of duty . Below are excerpts from that interview . Sonya Hamasaki : Why are you committed to helping wounded warriors and their families ? Wynonna Judd : I think these men and women have this ability that I do n't know if I 'd ever be able to have . They have a passion and a commitment ... that is bigger than anything I 've ever seen . In wartime and in peacetime , these families are what I think of as the true example of the American way . Community . Loyalty . Fellowship . Commitment . My passion , besides being a proud American , is to be a supporter , to be a part of these families , because they 've changed my life by giving me a reason to sing . Hamasaki : Injuries have forever altered the lives of these men and women . How does the Wounded Warrior Project help them ? Judd : I think the thing to remember is that this woundedness does not take a holiday . These families are forever changed because these men and women have put their butts on the line to fight for freedom , which ai n't free , baby . Wounded Warrior Project is giving back to that man or woman who has gone over and put their life on the line and been wounded . The support that surrounds these warriors is that of rehabilitation physically , support groups mentally , and just a sense of community . There are all kinds of programs that are giving these families hope . Hamasaki : How do you help ? Judd : Part of  my music 's  proceeds go to Wounded Warrior Project , which is an absolute American dream . I 'm constantly aware that my part in this is to be there to support them , to be a backdrop of everyday life for these families . This music that I sing -- that all of country music brings especially -- is a support for our nation as well as these families . Hamasaki : What is a hero to you ? Judd : I think the word "  hero " describes people who strive for excellence no matter what the job is . They 're not standing in front of 20,000 people getting applause like I do . They 're simply doing it because it 's the right thing to do .	Wynonna Judd is committed to helping wounded U.S. troops and their families Some of the proceeds from her music goes to the Wounded Warrior Project Judd : These families have ` changed my life by giving me a reason to sing '
The pilot of an Asiana Airlines jet that crashed in San Francisco this year told investigators after the accident that he had been "  very concerned " about landing without help from an airport navigation system that was out of order . Capt. Lee Kang Kuk , who was highly experienced in a Boeing 747 but was transitioning to flying a 777 , told the National Transportation Safety Board that he found it "  very stressful , very difficult " to land without the glideslope indicator that helps pilots determine whether the plane is too high or too low during approach . "  Asked whether he was concerned about his ability to perform the visual approach while piloting Asiana Flight 214 , he said ` very concerned , yea , ' " the safety board revealed at a hearing on Wednesday on its investigation into the July 6 crash that killed three people and injured more than 180 others . The jet struck a sea wall and broke apart on the runway following a missed approach . The navigation aid that syncs up with aircraft instruments was out of service while the Federal Aviation Administration made runway safety improvements . But a second , visual lighting system was operable at the time of the daytime crash and the weather was clear . The safety board investigation is focusing on whether pilots have become overly reliant on automation to fly commercial planes , and whether basic manual flying skills have eroded . Investigators have also focused on the pilot understanding -- or misunderstanding -- of the plane 's auto-thrust system , which controls aircraft power . Automated cockpit systems key to Asiana probe Some of the crew of the Asiana flight from Seoul told investigators the auto thrust was always engaged . But the safety board has said that system was not engaged , and the jet descended in altitude faster than it should have , and had a slower forward speed than intended . The combination put the plane into a perilous situation in the final minute of flight . The relief first officer , Bong Dongwon , who was sitting behind Lee and instructor pilot Lee Jungmin , said he observed the fast descent -- or sink rate -- and called out the excessive sink rate "  more than four times . " Bong told investigators the pilot appeared to be correcting the "  sink rate " and did not advise further changes . But its speed was declining at about the same time . The plane was flying at 170 knots 73 seconds before impact , dropped below the target speed for landing of 137 knots at roughly 38 seconds before impact , and plummeted as low as 103 knots just seconds before the plane 's front landing gear and tail hit the sea wall at the end of the runway . Will firefighter be charged after Asiana crash ? The crew made its first reference to the plane 's speed problem just seven seconds before the crash . The pilot called out a "  go around " -- a command to abort the landing -- three seconds before impact . Boeing 's former chief pilot for the B777 program said automated systems are intended to help pilots , but that they still need to exercise diligence . "  We accept the fact that pilots , as all humans , make errors , " he said . Automation is intended "  as a tool to aid the pilot , not replace the pilot , " he said . Information released at Wednesday 's hearing also showed investigators are concerned about the role Korean and airline culture played in the crash . Bong said the crew practiced "  cockpit resource management , " training that encourages subordinates to speak up about safety concerns to other crew members , despite their senior rank , experience or seniority . But when Lee -- who was considered a student pilot in the 777 -- was asked whether he had contemplated an aborted landing as the plane descended , he said it was a "  very hard " decision to make , given the deference shown to superiors in Korean culture . By the time Lee pushed the throttle forward just seconds before impact , he discovered his instructor had already done so . Three passengers died in the accident -- two in the crash and a third on the ground when hit by a rescue truck responding to the scene . The accident was the first fatal commercial airline crash in the United States since February 2009 . Crash survivor Ben Levy told CNN he was forfeiting an opportunity to watch the proceedings . "  I think something that I 've done quickly after this plane crash has been to focus on work and family and things that matter to me , " Levy said . "  I 'm extremely happy that something is being done to get to the bottom of what happened that day because it should not have happened . " Opinion : Pilots , not computers , should fly planes	Pilot noted that airport navigation system was n't working Comments from pilots revealed by crash investigators at hearing Trainee pilot was flying the Boeing 777 with an instructor beside him Investigators focus on concern that pilot relied too much on automated systems
CNN  -- Syrian military forces have taken control of villages in the northern part of Aleppo , Syrian state news agency SANA reported Friday . Syrian army forces "  eliminated big numbers " of militants and destroyed scores of vehicles used by them in three villages in the northern countryside of Aleppo , the news agency said , citing a military source . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported Friday that one of the seized villages , Handarat , which is crucial because it sits on a hill overlooking the only entry point into the area . The Observatory , however , later reported that rebels had retaken the hill of Handarat amid heavy clashes , which continued Friday . It is estimated that there are up to 300,000 people in the rebel-held areas , and it 's unclear if the militants will allow civilians to leave the war-torn region . The number of people who have fled Syria and registered as refugees amid the country 's civil war surpassed 3 million in August , and a further 6.5 million are believed to be displaced within the nation , the U.N. refugee agency has reported . The war , pitting an Alawite Muslim-dominated regime against a largely Sunni Muslim insurgency , has torn the country apart . Numerous factions , some of them Islamist , oppose the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and one of them -- ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria -- has captured large swaths of northern and eastern Syria for what it says is its new Islamic caliphate .	Syrian forces seize villages in the northern part of Aleppo , state news agency reports One village sits on hill overlooking only entry point into area , opposition group says
CNN  Denise Huskins , who was reported kidnapped two days ago in Vallejo , California , has been found safe more than 400 miles away , authorities and her father said Wednesday . Huskins ' boyfriend Monday afternoon called police and said she had been abducted that morning from his home in the Bay Area . About 48 hours later , she was located an hour south of Los Angeles . Officers from the Huntington Beach Police Department found Huskins at her father 's apartment complex , department spokeswoman Jennifer Marlatt told reporters . Huskins , 29 , is in good condition and had no apparent injuries , Marlatt said . Huskins left with police to meet several family members . Vallejo police Lt. Kenny Park said that the case was being treated as a kidnap for ransom and investigators hoped to get a clearer picture of what happened by talking to Huskins later that night . It was unclear whether that would happen in Vallejo or whether detectives would have to travel to Huntington Beach , some 420 miles away . The San Francisco Chronicle reported that her father , Michael Huskins , said in a telephone interview that he received a voice mail from his daughter Wednesday morning saying she had been dropped off at his apartment . He called police to ask that the authorities pick her up and make sure she was safe , he told the newspaper . "  I almost had a heart attack , " he said , according to the Chronicle . "  I tried to get authorities to pick her up , but they kept asking me a bunch of questions . I said , ` Send a squad car . ' I was hyperventilating . " Earlier , Michael Huskins had made an emotional appeal through CNN affiliate KGO-TV in San Francisco directed at the kidnappers : Do n't hurt her , please do n't hurt her . " "  The biggest fear is the horror she might be going through ... that 's my biggest fear . The horror , she does n't deserve that , not from anybody . " "  It 's like a nightmare that I ca n't wake up from , " her father told the affiliate . "  This is not supposed to happen . " Police have not ruled anyone out as a potential suspect , Park told reporters . He declined to give much information about the case , including whether a ransom had been paid . He said he was unaware of any relationship between the man and woman . Park did say the man is both a witness and a "  potential victim . " Michael Huskins has said the couple had been dating for seven months . When asked whether police have considered that this might not be a kidnapping , Park said : "  We 're looking at all possible angles . " The FBI is involved , he said . The Chronicle posted an audio clip on which Denise Huskins says she has been abducted . Her father confirmed the voice on the recording is hers . In it , she says : "  My name is Denise Huskins . I am kidnapped , otherwise I 'm fine . Earlier today there was a plane crash in Alps and 158 people died . And one thing that people know about me is that I went to my first concert , me and my mom , to Blink 182  last word is inaudible  : The editor in chief of the Chronicle , Audrey Cooper , said in a written statement that the newspaper received a link to the audio file in an email . The Chronicle reported the anonymous email said Huskins would be "  returned safely  Wednesday  . We will send a link to her location after she has been dropped off . She will be in good health and safe while she waits . Any advance on us or our associates will create a dangerous situation for Denise . Wait until she is recovered and then proceed how you will . We will be ready . " CNN 's Dan Simon , Tony Marco , Faith Karimi , Elan Bird , Michael Martinez , Stella Chan , Rosalina Nieves and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Police say case is still being treated as a kidnapping for ransom Father of missing woman tells newspaper she called him from his apartment Abductors seized Denise Huskins on Monday , her boyfriend told authorities
CNN  -- At least 130 people have died and dozens are missing after heavy rains triggered flooding and mudslides that buried communities Sunday and left a swath of destruction in El Salvador , officials said Monday . The death toll was "  preliminary , " said Raul Murillo , subdirector of the Department of Civil Protection in San Salvador . Another 13,680 people were staying in emergency shelters , he said . Laura Mata , communications manager for World Vision in El Salvador , said 40 percent of the dead were children . About 60 people were still missing Monday afternoon , said Carlos Alvarado , communications director for the government 's rescue efforts . The most affected departments are San Salvador , La Paz , Cuscatlan , Usulatan and San Vicente . He described the latter as the most heavily affected . The government 's Web site said there were 108 landslides , 209 destroyed buildings and another 1,835 damaged ones . In all , 18 bridges were affected , it said . Private , government and U.N. donations have all been promised , but the needs exceeded supplies , with high demand for food , construction materials , plastic sheeting , medications and -- with a cold front expected to sweep into the area Tuesday -- clothes , Alvarado said . Fumigation efforts were slated to begin Tuesday to reduce the chances of disease . "  There 's a lot of work to do , " he said . Guatemala , Spain and other countries were helping , Mata said . At the 139-bed Hospital Santa Gertrudis in San Vicente , 33 patients sought help overnight in the emergency room , mostly for trauma , broken bones and abrasions , said Dr. Ana Luisa Velazquez , the hospital director . Patients had to be removed from the pediatric unit and women 's surgery unit , both of which were built on low-lying ground and were inundated , she said . Though the hospital had fresh water from its own well , fresh water was in scarce supply in San Vicente , she said . Mata visited the town Sunday . "  All three access roads were completely wiped off , " she told CNN 's Jonathan Mann . "  You could only get there by one lane . Everywhere -- mud , huge rocks . " Electricity was largely out , she said . In addition to losing their homes , many people have lost their crops , she said . President Mauricio Funes declared a national emergency and described the loss as incalculable . About 7,000 people lost homes in the disaster Sunday , officials said . Authorities said the death toll is expected to rise as rescuers scramble to reach regions where roads have been washed away . In some of the hardest-hit areas , such as the capital , San Salvador , roads are completely gone , Mata said . "  You would never imagine there were road systems there . ... Huge rocks , mud , water everywhere , " she said . "  People have lost complete families . " Landslides on the side of a volcano swallowed up a village in Verapaz , Mata said . iReport : Neighborhood slammed with mud and debris Residents in affected areas climbed over boulders as rescue crews waded through muddy water , some carrying young children . Homes , trees and electricity poles , and mountains of mud , covered streets . The heavy rains in the impoverished Central American nation were unrelated to Hurricane Ida , said Saul Ezgardo de la Reyes , a government meteorologist in the Center of Prognostics . "  The rains in Salvador are due to the low pressure system , " he said , adding that it was dissipating Monday . "  We 're waiting for the arrival of fresh air and higher pressure . " On Sunday , 355 millimeters  14 inches  of rain fell near the Saint Vincent Volcano , southeast of the capital , and 196 mm  7.7 inches  fell on the capital itself , he said . Sunday 's inundations were unprecedented , he said . Hurricane Mitch dropped similar quantities in 1998 , but those values were tallied in three or four days , he said . "  This was in practically four hours . " A low-pressure system out of the Pacific triggered the disaster , said Robbie Berg of the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida .	40 percent of dead are children , aid group spokeswoman says Aid is promised , but more is needed as cold front is due Tuesday At least 130 people killed , dozens missing after heavy rains cause flooding , mudslides Mudslides unrelated to Hurricane Ida , officials say
CNN  -- Investigators have narrowed their probe into the disappearance of Oregon boy Kyron Horman and will reassign some deputies involved in the search , the local sheriff said Wednesday , but he denied the effort was being "  scaled back . " Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton said eight to 10 of his deputies will remain assigned to the case as part of a multi-agency task force . But with no sign of Kyron since early June , Staton said his department has to put some manpower that has been devoted to the search back onto the streets of his county , which includes Portland . "  We have taken critical hits in all of the units throughout the agency to support this investigation , " he said . Kyron , whose eighth birthday was last week , was last seen June 4 . His stepmother , Terri Horman , said she dropped him off at school on the morning of June 4 . Terri Horman has been the subject of intense scrutiny for several months . In divorce filings , her ex-husband , Kaine Horman , said he believes that Terri Horman "  is involved " in the boy 's disappearance , but no arrests have been made . Staton said investigators have ruled out enough possibilities to give the probe a tighter focus with fewer people , and he disputed any characterization that the investigation was being "  scaled back " or relegated to "  cold case " status . Without disclosing details , Staton said the case was advancing "  in a very successful fashion " that will allow him to return deputies to their normal duties . "  I think there will be things coming out of this investigation that will surprise you , " he told reporters , adding , "  We have knowledge of things we wish we did n't . " But Staton said his department has spent more than $ 1 million on the effort so far . "  We 've reached the point where if we do n't go to a task-force model , this is going to critically affect the services we provide to the community , " he said .	Sheriff wants a task force to take up Kyron Horman probe Kyron has been missing since June , but the case is n't "  cold , " the sheriff says More than $ 1 million has been spent on the case so far , he says
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudan 's army battled rebel forces Thursday , a military spokesman said , as negotiators from the warring sides prepared to meet for talks aimed at ending the violence that has pushed the world 's newest country toward civil war . Having sent delegations to the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , the government and rebels are under mounting pressure from African and Western powers to reach a deal to stop clashes that have killed more than 1,000 people and displaced more than 190,000 . But there is no sign of an end of hostilities just yet . Military spokesman Col. Philip Aguer told CNN that military forces fought with rebels south of the flashpoint town of Bor , the scene of some of the heaviest fighting in the nearly three weeks of violence . He said the Sudan People 's Liberation Army was trying to stop the rebels from advancing on the capital , Juba , about 200 kilometers  124 miles  away . South Sudan 's government tweeted late Wednesday : "  Our forces did a partial withdrawal from Bor but are still fighting in the suburbs #SouthSudan . " President Salva Kiir on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for Unity state and for Jonglei state , of which Bor is the capital . The two delegations sent by Kiir and the rebels ' leader , former Vice President Riek Machar , are already in Addis Ababa . Talks were expected to begin Thursday but , as of early evening local time , had not . Not all parties have yet arrived in Addis Ababa , according to a representative of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development , an East African trade bloc which has been mediating in the conflict . However , it is expected all parties will arrive by Friday and formal talks should get under way , the representative , Tigist Hailu , told CNN . South Sudan 's neighbors , Western governments and the United Nations have been scrambling to stem the latest violence in the country , which seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . Hilde Johnson , who heads the U.N. mission to South Sudan , said she wanted to see both parties "  take a decisive step to cease all hostilities . " "  We want to make this day the day that the violence stops , " she said at a news conference in Juba on Wednesday . Humanitarian crisis Kiir and Machar agreed Tuesday to send delegations to Addis Ababa , home of the African Union , for talks after violence in the oil-rich country that began on December 15 . A cessation of hostilities between their forces is expected to top the agenda . South Sudan 's government said Thursday via Twitter : "  We are participating in talks because we want peace for our people even though the rebel groups have not accepted a cessation of hostilities . " Johnson said Wednesday it was too early to say if the planned talks were a breakthrough , "  but it is a step in the right direction . " The spiraling violence has sparked a humanitarian crisis . An estimated 194,000 people have been displaced , with about 57,500 people sheltering in U.N. bases across the country , according to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Peacekeepers are working to protect the camps , but more resources are needed , Johnson said . She appealed for $ 166 million in aid to help provide families with food and other emergency relief . The U.N. Mission in South Sudan has voiced concern about what it said was mounting evidence of ethnic-based atrocities across the country . "  There has been killing and brutality ; we have seen killing on ethnic grounds . We need to do everything to prevent the cycle of violence , " Johnson said , adding that the African Union had set up a a group to investigate human rights abuses . "  I condemn elements on both sides , " she said . The Intergovernmental Authority on Development , an East African trade bloc that has been helping to mediate between the battling parties , has said an independent body is needed to monitor any cease-fire , Johnson said . Leaders of the bloc warned Friday that they would "  take action " to stop the conflict if South Sudan 's warring factions did n't lay down their arms . Ethnic targeting The fighting began in Juba but quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings soon emerging . Kiir , from South Sudan 's Dinka ethnic group , accused troops loyal to Machar , from the Nuer community , of trying to launch a coup . The two men have long been political rivals , and Kiir dismissed Machar , along with the Cabinet , in July . Kiir told CNN on Monday that African nations should have acted quickly to help quell the rebel forces . U.N. forces are patrolling the streets of Juba in order to protect civilians , Johnson said . CNN 's Khushbu Shah , Laura Smith-Spark , Arwa Damon and Yidnekachew Lem me contributed to this report .	NEW : Talks are expected to start Friday , representative of mediating bloc says The army is battling rebel forces south of Bor , a military spokesman says South Sudan 's president has declared a state of emergency in Unity and Jonglei states A U.N envoy calls on warring parties to "  take a decisive step to cease all hostilities "
CNN  -- Sabrina , Reese and Raven traded in their tiaras for a toolbox , and they 're encouraging other girls to follow suit in a new online campaign promoting GoldieBlox , a company that claims to make "  toys for future inventors . " The company was started by Debbie Sterling , a Stanford-educated engineer , to "  disrupt the pink aisle " and "  get girls building . " Sterling says her ultimate goal is to bridge the gap of gender disparity in engineering ; according to the Association for Women in Science , women account for 24 % of the science , technology , engineering and math work force . The popular ad featuring the trio of inventive girls is ironically set to the decidedly misogynistic Beastie Boys song "  Girls , " which includes lyrics like "  Girls , to do the dishes " and "  Her pants were tight , and that 's OK . " Siblings make clothes for girls ` to just be kids ' In the GoldieBlox version , the lyrics are synchronized with a Rube Goldberg contraption  you know , like Pee-wee Herman 's breakfast machine  and altered to convey a more feminist message : "  You like to buy us pink toys , and everything else is for boys and you can always get us dolls and we 'll grow up like them ... false . " The video has garnered more than 3.5 million views online over the course of a few days and is one of four finalists in Intuit 's "  Small Business , Big Game " contest . The contest winner will nab a multimillion-dollar ad spot during the Super Bowl on February 2 . Teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play Although most of the reactions on social media have been echoes of "  girl power , " some criticized the pink girl-targeted toys as hypocritical and only further divisive of gender lines . When kids play across gender lines What do you think ? Share your thoughts on GoldieBlox and the viral ad in the comments section below .	Ad encourages girls to "  disrupt the pink aisle " with construction toys GoldieBox says it creates toys for girls who want to build and create things The ad is competing to appear during the Super Bowl
CNN  -- The Boston attacks have jolted Americans into a state of high alert . In the days and weeks after the marathon bombings , travelers and residents of major American cities are likely to be more aware of suspicious people and packages on city buses , subways and Amtrak trains , at the nation 's airports and public spaces . More reports will stream in to already extra-vigilant authorities . But is that enough ? If the past is any predictor , Americans may forget they 're part of the solution and move on , say several security experts interviewed by CNN.com . Gathering and analyzing intelligence and adapting security measures to address threats is essential to preventing future attacks , but the public 's increased participation also plays a key role , they say . Boston bombing , other incidents have us ` always looking for a way out ' Secure airports mean softer targets Whatever the debate about carrying knives or liquids on airplanes , heightened security at the nation 's airports in the years since the 9/11 attacks may have shifted terrorists ' attention to softer targets . "  Once we secure a high-value target like aviation , terrorists do n't simply walk away , " says Rafi Ron , president of Virginia-based New Age Security Solutions and former head of security of Ben-Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv , Israel . "  They simply go for softer targets , public events like the Boston Marathon . It 's extremely difficult if not impossible to provide the same level of security we do at the airport at such an open public event . " The solution , says Ron , is public vigilance . "  People must be willing to call authorities when they spot suspicious packages or see people behaving suspiciously , " he says . "  If you walk into a bus station in Israel and you see an unattended bag , people would respond to this immediately without hesitation . And in many cases , tragedies have been prevented because of early detection . " Security has been enhanced at transportation hubs "  using measures both seen and unseen , " the Department of Homeland Security said Tuesday . The agency is urging Americans to report suspicious activity to local law enforcement . Terrorists make us lose sight of the real dangers ` If you see something , say something ' The message behind the slogan that came to symbolize New York City 's call for its residents to help after the September 11 attacks and is now a national homeland security campaign , "  if you see something , say something " is essential to protecting soft targets such as public transit , experts say . Since it 's nearly impossible to make city buses and subways completely secure , transit workers and riders of public transportation need to know to be on the lookout for any possible threats -- and report them , according to former New Jersey Transit police chief Joseph Bober , now a principal at Homeland Defense Solutions . "  Educating these individuals through training , constant security awareness and providing proper channels to immediately report their suspicions " is key to safer public transportation , wrote Bober , via e-mail . Airports are still targets While checkpoints and multi-layered security make airports more difficult to breach , that does n't mean they 're off the hook . Making an airport secure is n't simply screening passengers before they enter an airport 's boarding area , global aviation consultant Mike Boyd of Boyd Group International . Airport officials must ensure that everything on the premises is secure . "  How many security observation sweeps are made of the parking garage ? Have the vulnerabilities of the air conditioning systems been reviewed ? Trash cans -- where are they located in regard to passenger flows ? Are they blast-resistant ? Is the catering facility across the field monitored ? How about the fuel farm ? How much scrutiny is given to the workers who are pouring concrete for that new taxiway ? " He also wants to know which law enforcement agency is in charge during an emergency and what the agency 's plans are to secure and evacuate sections of the airport in case of an incident . Does an airport terminal 's plan for evacuation simply send passengers outside , where they could be an easy target ? "  Confusion is a terrorist 's best friend , " says Boyd . Attacks are always possible "  We are a free society , and unless we want to live and stay in caves we will always be vulnerable , " says Boyd . "  Even places like banks -- which are somewhat prepared -- get robbed . Any idiot can concoct a bomb and toss it into a public street . " Americans need to be in the fight for the long haul , says Chief Bober . "  Incidents such as yesterday are n't going to stop overnight and the quicker we learn as a nation of people to protect ourselves and our families against such horrific acts , the better chance we will have to prevent and detect the next incident . " Will you still travel to large cities in light of these latest attacks ? Or will they keep you away for now ? Please share in the comments below .	The American public must be part of preventing terrorism , experts say "  Soft targets " like public transit systems need riders to report suspicious activity Airports could still be made more secure , especially in areas before the checkpoints
CNN  -- Two years after losing part of her lung during an operation to remove a life-threatening blood clot , newly-crowned U.S. Open champion Serena Williams insists playing tennis "  is just fun now . " The world No. 1 's battle-weary opponents might not be having so much fun after Williams successfully defended the Flushing Meadows title she won in 2012 against the same opponent , beating second seed Victoria Azarenka 7-5 6-7 6-1 to secure her fifth singles championship in New York . It is a far cry from where the now 17-time grand slam singles champion was in July 2010 when she suffered a cut to her right foot and was later diagnosed with a pulmonary embolism which left her on her death bed . That 11 months of "  hell " culminated in her descent to No. 175 in the world rankings in July 2011 . Since then four grand slams have been won by Williams during a truly dominant 14-month spell . One more major triumph would see her sit level with legendary compatriots Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert in fourth position on the list of the most prolific female grand slam champions of all time . "  It was the toughest thing I 've been through in my life , " the 31-year-old told CNN . "  One thing kept happening after another , blood clots in both of my lungs , I lost part of my lung , I had to retrain . I do n't have two full lungs anymore . "  You go through this stage of thinking , ` Why does all of this keep happening . ' It was really 11 months of hell . "  When I 'm on that court and I 'm facing opponents , I feel like I 've faced so many tougher opponents that this is just fun now . " Williams ' lung problems only became obvious when she was rushed into hospital after experiencing breathing difficulties en route to an Oscars party in March 2011 . "  Being in the emergency room and being in hospital for all of that time , not knowing if I would ever pick up a racket again , not even caring , just wanting to be healthy , " recalled Williams . "  That was a tough time for me . " She is indeed healthy again and operating at the peak of her powers at an age when many of her contemporaries are seemingly struggling to last the pace . Roger Federer has seen his vice-like grip on men 's tennis loosen as he heads deeper into his 30s , while Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli retired last month at the age of 28 . However , Williams maintains a childlike enthusiasm for sport , aided in no small way by the perspective she gained during her battle to regain her form and fitness . "  I feel like just going for broke now , " she said . "  I 'm really focused on what I want to do , I 'm just having a lot of fun out there . "  I 'm like '31 is old , ' but that does n't seem like me . I do n't act like it -LSB- her age -RSB- either so maybe that has something to do with it . " Williams ' muscular physique sets her apart from physically smaller opponents and she remains proud of how she managed to combine power with femininity . "  It 's OK to be strong and to be powerful and to be beautiful and to love who you are , " she added . "  You can stand up to anyone and you can be proud of who you are , where you come from and be a positive awesome girl . "	Serena Williams win her fifth U.S. Open women 's singles title The world No. 1 beat second seed Victoria Azarenka 7-5 6-7 6-1 in New York Williams had an operation to remove life-threatening blood clots from her lungs in 2011 The American has now won 17 grand slam singles titles
CNN  -- Thailand 's military leader and Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha has unveiled a new interim cabinet in which key ministries will be run by senior military figures . Twelve members of the 32-strong cabinet are active or retired officers of the security forces , including one police general , occupying many of the most powerful roles in the new administration . Most of the rest of the cabinet are former senior civil servants . Military figures will hold responsibility for the defense , commerce , transport and interior ministries , while civilians will take the economics and finance portfolios . Prayuth was selected by Thailand 's National Legislative Assembly to lead the government in a vote last month . He was the sole candidate for the post . Members of the assembly had been hand-picked by Prayuth . More than half are also in the military . Prayuth seized control of the country on May 22 , 2014 after months of unrest destabilized the elected government , led by former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . Close associates Prayuth has named General Prawit Wongsuwan , a former defense minister and former head of the army , as defense minister , and one of his five deputy prime ministers . Retired general -- and Prayuth 's predecessor as military chief -- Anupong Paochinda has been named Interior Minister . Both are powerful military figures with close ties to Prayuth , and who played a role in the 2006 Thai coup . General Udomdej Sitabutr , Prayuth 's current deputy as army chief , has been named by Prayuth to lead the army when he steps down from his army position at the end of the month . Sitabutr will serve as deputy defense minister and is also a member of the cabinet . Air Chief Marshal Prajin Juntong , the head of Thailand 's air force who has overseen the new regime 's economic direction , will become transport minister . The new cabinet will be required to take an oath before King Bhumibol Adulyadej before it officially begins its duties . The administration is intended as an interim cabinet to allow the new leadership time to implement political reforms before elections are held . Critics accused Yingluck of acting as a mouthpiece for her brother , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was deposed in the last coup in 2006 and is now living in exile . After taking power , military authorities summoned leading political officials and other prominent figures . It imposed travel bans and delivered the firm message that dissent would not be tolerated .	Current and former military officers are heavily represented in new Thai cabinet Thailand 's new PM , General Prayuth Chan-ocha , has named close associates in cabinet Other positions are held by former senior civil servants Prayuth seized control of the country in May , ending months of unrest
CNN  -- Pakistani civilians were given a brief window on Friday to flee the ongoing fighting between government forces and Taliban militants in the country 's north , according to military officials . Pakistani civilians pack a bus leaving Mingora , the capital of the troubled Swat Valley . The Pakistan army is trying to push the Taliban away from regions within the troubled Swat Valley . A curfew was relaxed until 2 p.m. local time Friday in Kabal , Kanju and Mingora -- in the Swat Valley -- and in Malakand Agency , which is a separate district . The government provided an estimated 150 vehicles to evacuate people , as private cars are not allowed to enter Mingora . The Taliban have been concentrating forces there -- digging trenches , laying mines , taking positions on rooftops , according to strategic expert Reva Bhalla of Stratfor , a firm that describes itself as a global intelligence company . "  The Taliban are concentrating forces in Mingora -- digging trenches , laying mines , taking positions on rooftops , " said Bhalla . "  It is not clear if the Pakistani military is trained and even equipped to go into a situation like that , " she said , adding that even the United States military "  would have to think twice " about such an offensive . She estimates there are 5,000 Taliban fighters in the area . "  The question is : Are they going to try to stand and fight , or try to regroup ? " she asked . With a government offensive against the Taliban nearly three weeks old , a spokesman for Pakistan 's army said the military intends to drive the Taliban out of the contested area . "  The whole resolve of the government and the military is to once and for all finish the Taliban from the Valley of Swat , " Pakistani military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN 's Reza Sayah . The Pakistani military is trying to push the Taliban away from the heavily forested and mountainous regions of the Swat district toward the south , so the army can encircle the militants , Bhalla added . According to the chief minister of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting between the military and Taliban militants along its border with Afghanistan . The number of people at the Yar Hussain displaced-persons camp in Swabi district is expected to reach 2 million , Amir Haider Hoti said . The military announced earlier this week the number was 1.3 million . The huge refugee camps that the conflict is creating could be "  the perfect recruiting grounds for the Taliban to prey on , " Bhalla said . Meanwhile , the United Nations ' top official on refugees told CNN Thursday the world must launch a "  massive international effort " to care for the refugees , or it will be "  absolutely impossible " to provide for them . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani , in a speech to parliament Thursday , called the refugee crisis a massive and unprecedented predicament . "  They are our own people and their children are my children , " Gilani said .	Curfew relaxed from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. local time in Swat Valley , Malakand Taliban "  digging trenches , laying mines " in disputed western city , expert says Pakistan wants to push Taliban south so it can encircle militants , expert says Some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting
The Frisky  -- Do n't you just hate the type of person who smugly informs you , "  I do n't watch TV , " like that 's something to be proud of ? They think they 're so great with all their fancy book learning . What they do n't realize is that TV is n't for dummies -- there 's tons of educational programming available -- you just need to know what to watch . I mean , you can learn your ABCs with "  Sesame Street 's " Grover , how to make gnocchi with Mario Batali , and the ins and outs of prettying up your home with any number of programs on HGTV . Television is also a great romance resource . Think of all the great TV twosomes we 've seen over the years -- Lucy & Ricky Ricardo , Judy & George Jetson , Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag ... but not all TV personalities set such a sincerely loving example . It 's also a good place to learn which type of guy you should avoid . Here are a few examples : Chuck Bass  "  Gossip Girl "  : Few men can pull off lavender argyle , but Chuck Bass is definitely one of them . Moody and sinister , when Chuck Bass Types  CBTs  like you , it 's as though you 've been inducted into a secret society of two . It 's you against the world and the CBT will bring out a dark side you might not have even realized you possessed . Whip smart with a caustic wit , he 'll charm you all the while tucking away your secrets for use at a later date . And use them he will . Because when a CBT tires of you , he wo n't just say "  see ya , " he 'll decimate you . Hank Moody  "  Californication "  : Some boys take longer than usual to grow out of their Charles Bukowski-wannabe phase . Exhibit A is Hank Moody . Actor David Duchovny , playing what the tabloids would have you believe is an autobiographical role , has managed to hang onto his Bukowski-phase well into his forties . Drinking , partying , and resisting monogamy , Hank still manages to attract more ladies than hotter men half his age . Of course the only women drawn to Hank are either damaged girls with daddy issues or the type of dame who does n't feel complete unless she has some mess to clean up after . If you see yourself dating a Hank Moody type , do not walk -- run -- to your nearest mental health professional . Vince Chase  "  Entourage "  : Those big blue eyes and that floppy mop o ' hair ... you can forgive him for making a stinker like "  Medellin , " ca n't you ? Sure , but do you really want to deal with someone who lives in a dude cocoon ? Not only does he live with his brother and two best friends , he ca n't make any decisions without polling the group . On the upside , he 's rich ! On the downside , he 's famous , which means other women are throwing themselves at him constantly . Vince might be fun for a fling , but forget about bringing him home to mama . Don Draper  "  Mad Men "  : Why is it when unattractive people are quiet we just assume they 're stupid and/or boring , but verbally challenged hot people get pegged as mysterious and smoldering ? Mad Men 's smokin ' hot Don Draper actually is mysterious  and smoldering !  , so I do n't know what point I was trying to make  because I 'm all distracted from the photos on his IMDB page  ... oh , wait ! The point I 'm trying to make is that while Draper is indeed mysterious , he 's also a liar , a cheat and a cad . So if a DDT tries to slip you his number , just say no and send it to me . What ? Strictly for research purposes . TM & © 2008 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Learn about men NOT to date by studying male characters on TV shows "  Gossip Girls " Chuck Bass is charming type who decimates women "  Mad Men " Don Draper is a smoldering liar and cheat Aging party boy Hank Moody of "  Californication " attracts damaged women
CNN  -- Former world No. 3 David Nalbandian has continued his latest comeback from injury by reaching his first semifinal of 2010 at the Legg Mason Classic in Washington , but top seed Tomas Berdych suffered a shock defeat . The Argentine is now ranked a lowly 117th after missing both the French Open and Wimbledon due to a hamstring problem , but proved too strong for Andy Roddick 's conqueror Gilles Simon on Friday . The 28-year-old , playing his first tournament since April , came from behind to beat the French 13th seed 3-6 6-2 6-3 and set up a clash with Croatian No. 4 Marin Cilic . "  I feel good . I will just try to keep believing in my game and play the best I can , " Nalbandian , who missed most of 2009 due to hip surgery , told reporters . "  During practice I know I can go far . Without playing matches , it 's tough to know how far you can go . " Nalbandian , four times a semifinalist in Grand Slams and the Wimbledon runner-up in 2002 , made a poor start as he trailed 3-0 in the opening set and was then a break and 0-40 down before battling back to level the match . He took a 2-0 lead in the third and sealed his best result since losing to Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals in Monaco . Cilic romped into the last four with a 7-6  7-4  6-4 win over Janko Tipsarevic , and now has a 5-0 career record against the Serbian . In Friday 's opening match , world No. 8 Berdych crashed out as he lost 6-4 3-6 6-2 to Belgium 's world No. 62 Xavier Malisse . Malisse will next take on eighth seed Marcos Baghdatis after the Cypriot ousted Spanish No. 3 Fernando Verdasco 7-6  7-3  6-4 . Berdych was playing his first tournament since losing in the final at Wimbledon in early July . The Czech said he would not return to the tournament , being unhappy to have to play in mid-afternoon just 10 hours after his previous match . "  This is a pretty bad experience for a tournament where I 'm first seeded . I thought I could get some better times with a No. 1 seed , " Berdych told reporters . "  It 's the reason I 'm not going to be here next year . In the first set I felt like I was still sleeping . I was not 100 percent ready and that 's disappointing . I wanted to play better . " Meanwhile , second seed Samantha Stosur failed to reach the semifinals of the women 's San Diego Open , losing 6-4 6-3 to Italian Flavia Pennetta on Friday . The fifth seed 's reward for eliminating the French Open runner-up is a clash with Russia 's two-time Grand Slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova , who defeated American teenager CoCo Vandeweghe 7-5 6-2 after trailing 5-2 in the opening set . Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska thrashed Israeli No. 7 Shahar Peer 6-2 6-0 to earn a semifinal with Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova , who came from behind to beat young Russian Alisa Kleybanova 2-6 6-4 6-3 . World No. 3 Caroline Wozniacki reached the final of her home Copenhagen Open on Saturday , with the Danish top seed beating Russia 's Anna Chakvetadze 6-1 2-6 6-4 . She will play seventh seed Klara Zakopalova on Sunday after the Czech upset China 's No. 2 Li Na 6-3 1-6 6-4 .	David Nalbandian to face Croatian fourth seed Marin Cilic in Washington semifinals Argentine reaches his first semifinal this year in his return from hamstring problem Top seed Tomas Berdych upset by Xavier Malisse in the opening quarterfinal Second seed Samantha Stosur misses out on semifinal place in San Diego
New York  CNN  -- A leading philanthropist and cosmetics tycoon plans to donate 78 Cubist works to the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art , a gift described by the institution as "  truly transformational . " Leonard A. Lauder will donate 33 works by Pablo Picasso and 17 by Georges Braques , two iconic artists considered pioneers of the Cubist movement . He will also give the Met 14 pieces by Fernand Leger and 14 others by Juan Gris , according to the museum . Lauder 's collection , approved by the museum board Tuesday , was acquired over nearly four decades . The four artists were on the cusp of the radical Cubist movement in the early 1900s , a period underrepresented in the Met 's current exhibition encompassing more than 5,000 years of art history , according to museum officials . In a news release , the museum said Lauder 's collection , "  unsurpassed in the number of masterpieces and iconic works critical to the development of Cubism , " will fill the spaces where representations of modern art had been lacking . Cubists focused on the two dimensional picture plane , attempting visual deception by combining geometric shapes to portray real objects , oft incorporating fragments of reproduced pop culture . The Cubist movement annihilated the traditional illusionism style that triumphed in years prior . It provided a gateway to abstract expression , historians say , changing the very definition of art . Forbes values the collection at $ 1.1 billion . "  This is an extraordinary gift to our museum and our city , " Thomas P. Campbell , director of the museum , said in a news release . Campbell said the Met has "  long lacked this critical dimension in the story of modernism , " noting that the pieces are transformational to the museum . "  Now , Cubism will be represented with some of its greatest masterpieces , demonstrating both its role as the groundbreaking movement of the 20th century and the foundation for an artistic dialogue that continues today , " Campbell said . Lauder said he hopes his gifts will draw more people to the museum . "  This is a gift to the people who live and work in New York , and those from around the world who come to visit our great arts institutions , " Lauder said in a news release Tuesday . Lauder has long been entwined with New York City 's art institutions , serving as president and chairman of the Whitney Museum of American Art , as well as various committees at the Met since the 1980s . He said he chose the Met because "  it 's essential that Cubism -- and the art that follows it for that matter -- be seen and studied within the collections of one of the greatest encyclopedic museums in the world . " The collection will be presented for the first time in an exhibit due to open in the fall of 2014 , according to museum officials . The highlights of the historical collection include Picasso 's provocative "  Woman in an Armchair  Eva  , "  1913  , an erotic image of Picasso 's mistress Eva Gouel , according to the museum 's review . Lauder 's collection includes early works believed to have been inspired at Cubism 's inception . Braque 's "  Terrace at the Hotel Mistral , L'Estaque "  1907  marks the icons transition from fauvism to Cubism , the museum said . Braque 's "  Trees at L'Estaque " " is thought to have inaugurated Cubism , officials say . Picasso 's "  The Oil Mill "  1909  is also historic among the landmark works . It was one of the first Cubist pictures printed in Italy in the Florentine journal La Voce , according the museum 's overview of the collection . It prompted modernization from Italian futurists who sought to rival their French peers . Along with the collection , the Met announced the creation of the Leonard A. Lauder Research Center for Modern Art to serve as a mecca for scholars and curators studying Cubism . Lauder is the chairman emeritus of the Estee Lauder Co. and son of the late cosmetics queen by the same name .	Leonard A. Lauder will donate 33 works by Pablo Picasso Other works will include 17 by Georges Braques Lauder acquired his collection over nearly four decades
Longpont , France  CNN  An intense manhunt for two brothers wanted in the Charlie Hebdo magazine massacre focused Thursday on northern France 's Picardy region , where sources close to the investigation said a police helicopter might have spotted the suspects . Authorities believe that Cherif Kouachi , 32 , and Said Kouachi , 34 , entered a wooded area on foot , the sources told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . Now investigators are using helicopters equipped with night vision tools to try to find them , the sources said . Earlier Thursday , a police helicopter glimpsed what investigators believed to be the fugitives in the same area , near Crepy-en-Valois , France . Police flooded the region , with heavily armed officers canvassing the countryside and forests in search of the killers . They came after a gas station attendant reportedly said the armed brothers threatened him near Villers-Cotterets in Picardy , stole gas and food , then drove off late Thursday morning . About 10 kilometers  6 miles  from the gas station , police blocked a rural country road leading to the French village of Longpont . Authorities have not commented in any detail , but pictures showed heavily armed police officers with shields and helmets in the blocked-off area . Hours later , a CNN team witnessed a convoy of 30 to 40 police vehicles leaving a site near Longpont . Prime Minister Manuel Valls put the Picardy region on the highest alert level , that same level that the entire Ile-de-France region , including Paris , is already under . As the search for the suspects intensified , details emerged about their past travels -- and possible training abroad . Said Kouachi went to Yemen for training , a French official told CNN . The training he received included instruction from al Qaeda 's affiliate there on how to fire weapons , a U.S. official said , citing information French intelligence provided to the United States . In addition to northern France , other parts of the country have also been under scrutiny . More than 80,000 police were deployed nationwide Thursday , France 's interior minister said . Earlier Thursday , a gunman -- dressed in black and wearing what appeared to be a bulletproof vest , just like those who attacked the Charlie Hebdo offices -- shot and killed a female police officer in the Paris suburb of Montrouge . A municipal official was seriously wounded in that attack , France 's interior minister said . One person was arrested , Paris Deputy Mayor Patrick Klugman said , though it 's not known whether the shooter is still at large . Authorities have called that a terror attack , but they have n't connected it to Wednesday 's slaying of 12 at the satirical magazine 's Paris headquarters . Latest updates at 10:15 p.m. ET • Investigators found empty containers and gasoline inside a car driven by the suspects in the Charlie Hebdo attack , according to U.S. and Western officials who say they received information from French intelligence about the vehicle . The suspects may have intended to use the items to make rudimentary explosives such as Molotov cocktails , the officials told CNN 's Pamela Brown , Barbara Starr and Deborah Feyerick . • The head of Britain 's MI5 security service told an audience in London that his agency was offering French intelligence officials its "  full support " as France responds to Wednesday 's terror attack in Paris . • Paris ' iconic Eiffel Tower went dark Thursday night in remembrance of the victims of Wednesday 's attack . • In the United States , the Paris Las Vegas resort said it also planned to dim the lights on its half-sized replica of the tower Thursday night . "  We stand with Paris in mourning the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attack , " a spokeswoman for the hotel said . Charlie Hebdo to publish next Wednesday While its business is satire , Charlie Hebdo has been the subject of serious venom . That includes its publication of cartoons lampooning the Muslim prophet , Mohammed , which some found very offensive . Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy The magazine 's offices were fire-bombed after that in 2011 , on the same day the magazine was due to release an issue with a cover that appeared to poke fun at Islamic law . It was attacked again Wednesday , when two masked men entered its offices not far from the famed Notre Dame Cathedral and the Place de la Bastille . On their way into the building , they asked exactly where the offices were . The men reportedly spoke fluent French with no accent . They barged in on the magazine 's staff , while they were gathered for a lunchtime editorial meeting . The gunmen separated the men from the women and called out the names of cartoonists they intended to kill , said Dr. Gerald Kierzek , a physician who treated wounded patients and spoke with survivors . The shooting was not a random spray of bullets , but more of a precision execution , he said . The two said they were avenging the Prophet Mohammed and shouted "  Allahu akbar , " which translates to "  God is great , " Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins said . Cell phone cameras caught the two gunmen as they ran back out of the building , still firing . One of them ran up to a wounded police officer lying on a sidewalk and shot him point-blank . It was the deadliest attack in Europe since July 2011 , when Anders Behring Brevik killed 77 people in attacks on government buildings in Oslo , Norway , and at a youth camp on the island of Utoya . But it wo n't stop Charlie Hebdo . Pelloux told CNN affiliate BFMTV that thousands of copies of the magazine will be published next Wednesday . Proceeds from the issue will go to victims ' families , France 's Le Monde newspaper reported . ` It was their only mistake ' Authorities have released few details on why they 've zeroed in on the Kouachi brothers . But they have pointed to one key clue found inside a getaway car the gunmen apparently used : Said Kouachi 's identification card . It was discovered by investigators as they combed the vehicle for clues after impounding it . "  It was their only mistake , " said Dominique Rizet , BFMTV 's police and justice consultant , reporting that discovering the ID had helped French investigators Other evidence also points to the brothers ' involvement , according to U.S. officials briefed by French intelligence . Police hunting for the Kouachi brothers have searched residences in a number of towns , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said . Who are the suspects ? An ISIS radio broadcast Thursday praised the attackers , calling them "  brave jihadists . " There was no mention of a claim of responsibility for the attack . Officials were running the brothers ' names through databases to look for connections with ISIS and al Qaeda . A third suspect , 18-year-old Hamyd Mourad , turned himself in to police , a source close to the case told the AFP news agency . In French media and on social media , classmates of Mourad , who is in his final year of high school , said he was with them at school at the time of the attack . Cazeneuve said that nine people overall have been detained in connection with the Charlie Hebdo attack . But the Kouachi brothers remain on the run . ` Parisians will not be afraid ' The victims ' names were splashed Thursday across newspapers as heroes for freedom of expression . "  Liberty assassinated . " "  We are all Charlie Hebdo , " the headlines blared . They included two police officers , Stephane Charbonnier -- a cartoonist and the magazine 's editor , known as "  Charb " -- and three other well-known cartoonists known by the pen names Cabu , Wolinski and Tignous . Autopsies on the victims were underway Thursday , Cazeneuve said . Flags flew at half-staff on public buildings and events were canceled Thursday , a national day of mourning . Crowds gathered in the rain in Paris in the victims ' honor , many holding up media credentials and broke into applause as the silence ended . The bells of Notre Dame Cathedral tolled across the city . "  I ca n't remember such a day since 9/11 , " said Klugman , Paris ' deputy mayor . "  The country really is in a kind of shutdown in respect and memory of the 12 people killed . " The day earlier , thousands poured into streets in hordes in a show of solidarity , holding up pens and chanting , "  We are Charlie ! " Similar demonstrations took place in cities in addition to Paris , including Rome , On Thursday , demonstrators once again vowed that nothing would silence them . Standing in Paris ' Place de la Republique , Lesley Martin sounded defiant as she waved an "  I am Charlie " sign . "  I am not afraid , " she said . "  Tonight I 'm here and , if tomorrow I have to be here , I do n't care if anybody comes and just wants to do something really bad here . I 'm not afraid to die . " Cartoonists took a profane aim at the world CNN 's Atika Shubert reported from France , CNN 's Greg Botelho and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Laura Smith-Spark , Pamela Brown , Barbara Starr , Deborah Feyerick , Jim Sciutto , Jim Bittermann , Ben Brumfield , Jethro Mullen , Khushbu Shah , Anas Hamdan , Max Foster , Greg Morrison , Bryony Jones , Michael Martinez and Ray Sanchez also contributed to this report .	Items found in suspects ' car could have been used to make explosives , officials say Sources say police believe they spotted the suspects on foot Nine arrested in Charlie Hebdo shooting but not the main suspects
CNN  -- At the end of "  22 Jump Street " -- a sequel that made fun of the concept of sequels -- the film cheekily proposed humorous possibilities for yet another follow-up . Looks like it may happen , whether that was the idea or not . A source at Sony with knowledge of productions confirms to CNN that "  23 Jump Street " is in the works and that Rodney Rothman is writing the script . Deadline.com first reported the news . Rothman was one of the writers of "  22 Jump Street . " Deadline also reports that Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , who directed "  22 , " are overseeing the process but have n't decided whether they 'll return to direct . Neal Moritz and stars Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum are also producing . Despite "  22 Jump Street 's " puckishness , Sony must have loved the idea of another film as soon as it saw the box office . "  22 Jump Street " has made $ 191 million domestically and another $ 129 million overseas , a particularly good return given the $ 50 million budget . It 's also well in front of the first film 's take . "  21 Jump Street " made about $ 200 million worldwide . The first film starred Hill and Tatum as cops who went undercover at a high school ; the second placed them at a college . No word on where "  23 Jump Street " will take place , but if "  22 Jump Street 's " closing credits are any indication , they have plenty of choices . Indeed , perhaps they might want to change out the title . "  22 Jump Street 2 , " anyone ? CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Source at Sony : "  23 Jump Street " in the works "  22 Jump Street " writer hired to work on new film "  22 Jump Street " made fun of sequels
CNN  A California man accused of trying to travel to Syria to join ISIS was indicted Wednesday , charged with attempting to support terror and other counts . Adam Dandach , 21 , of Orange , California , was arrested July 3 and initially charged in a complaint of making false statements on a passport application with plans to fly from Orange County 's John Wayne Airport to Istanbul , Turkey , and eventually reach Syria , the FBI said . Dandach was initially indicted in July on charges of making the false statements , and he pleaded not guilty , authorities said . But on Wednesday , a superseding indictment accused Dandach of attempting to provide himself and material support to work under the direction and control of ISIS , the FBI said . The new indictment accuses him of lying when applying for a replacement passport and then presenting the passport to an airline employee to travel to Istanbul , the FBI in Los Angeles said . Dandach is also accused of trying to obstruct the investigation by instructing a website administrator to delete his post history , authorities said . Virginia teen accused of being ISIS recruiter Dandach , who is also known as "  Fadi Fadi Dandach , " is scheduled to be arraigned March 16 . Dandach and his attorney could n't be immediately reach for comment Wednesday . He is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support and resources to a terror group ; two counts of making of a false statement on a passport application to facilitate international terrorism ; and one count of obstruction of justice , authorities said . "  If convicted of all the charges in the indictment , Dandach would face a statutory maximum sentence of 15 years in federal prison for the material support charge , up to 25 years for each of the two passport fraud charges , and a statutory maximum of 25 years for obstruction of justice offense , " the FBI said in a statement . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Adam Dandach , 21 , of Orange , California , was arrested July 3 He was initially indicted on charges of making false statements on a passport application The new superseding indictment accuses Dandach of attempting to assist the terror group ISIS
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history and one of the world 's highest-profile athletes , remains in critical condition after suffering severe head trauma in a skiing accident in the French Alps , hospital officials said Monday . Doctors who have been treating Schumacher at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble said at a news conference that it was too early to say what the driver 's prognosis might be . In a prepared statement , Schumacher 's family thanked doctors for doing "  everything possible to help Michael . " They also thanked people around the world for the outpouring of support . The German , who retired from the elite motorsport for the second time in 2012 , fell and hit his head on a rock Sunday , said the director of the Meribel resort where Schumacher was skiing . Schumacher was in a coma when he arrived at the hospital and required immediate brain surgery , officials said . So far , he has undergone one operation and is being kept in a coma , they said Monday . Schumacher , who turns 45 Friday , won a record seven world titles in his spectacular Formula 1 career and "  also holds nearly every scoring record in the book by a considerable margin , " according to the motorsport 's official website . He dominated the competition for the best part of a decade , winning five world championships in a row between 2000 and 2004 . Schumacher suffered serious injury once during his career in the high-speed sport , breaking his leg in a crash at the British Grand Prix in 1999 . Why induced comas help injured brains Wearing a helmet His skiing accident happened while he was off-piste  on unmarked slopes  Sunday morning in the mountains between Georges Bauduis Piste and La Biche Piste , resort director Christophe Gernignon-Lecomte said . Schumacher was wearing a helmet when he hit his head , Gernignon-Lecomte said . Rescuers reached him minutes later , and he was airlifted to a nearby hospital , the director said . Doctors at the Grenoble hospital said that without the helmet 's protection , Schumacher would n't have made it to the operating table . The cause of the accident , which is being investigated by police , remains unclear , Gernignon-Lecomte said . Schumacher "  was not alone " when he fell , his spokeswoman Sabine Kehm said in a prepared statement . But nobody else was involved , she said . ' A great champion ' Former French Formula 1 driver Olivier Panis visited the hospital in Grenoble on Sunday but was not able to see Schumacher , CNN affiliate BFM TV reported . "  As I am here in Grenoble , I want to come to him and say hello , for old times ' sake . He is a great champion and someone very loved in Formula 1 , " Panis told BFM . Schumacher has a wife , Corinna , and two children , Gina-Maria and Mick . His brother Ralf was also a Formula 1 driver . Schumacher made his Formula 1 debut in 1991 and won a record seven world titles -- five of them with Ferrari -- by the time he retired for the first time at the end of the 2006 championship . In that period of temporary retirement , he was involved in a motorcycle crash in Spain in 2009 that left him with a lingering neck injury , which delayed his racing comeback . He returned to the Formula 1 track with the revived Mercedes team in 2010 but struggled to repeat his earlier glories . His best finish was third place at last year 's European Grand Prix in Valencia , his only podium position in three seasons with the German manufacturer . ' A very good skier ' Sunday 's accident occurred at a popular ski resort in an area known for its challenging slopes above the tree line . "  If you are anything less than a really experienced skier , it 's very easy to lose your bearings , because you do n't see much in the way of vegetation around you or anything else , " said Paul Hochman , a former contributing editor at SKI Magazine . "  It 's just literally all white , all snow . " British journalist Kevin Garside told CNN that Schumacher is "  a very good skier " but acknowledged that he is "  fearless " -- like most Formula 1 drivers . "  These people do n't recognize fear like you and I do . There is no gene in their body that lets them go slow , " Garside said . "  Schumacher was n't a skier when he joined Ferrari  in 1996  , but by the end he was excellent , " he said . "  Each year Ferrari used to have a media week in the Alps in Italy and they would always have a race -- and it was always Schumacher who won . He was a genuinely quick skier . "  But he was always very mindful of the danger around him , " Garside added . "  I approached him for an interview at the top of the slope , and he said it would have to be quick as he wanted to check the piste . That meant he wanted to make sure he understood the slopes , the cambers , even though it was only a fun race . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Jonathan Mann and Christina Macfarlane contributed to this report .	Michael Schumacher 's family thanks doctors for doing "  everything possible " Doctors say it 's too early to give a prognosis for Schumacher He required immediate brain surgery Ski resort 's director says the 44-year-old hit his helmet on a rock after falling
CareerBuilder.com  -- Jobs offering work-from-home options and flexible hours are sought by workers ranging from parents who want to be there when the kids get home from school to employees tired of daily commutes . But what types of occupations offer this type of arrangement ? More fields than you may think . Below , meet all kinds of people who are living outside the 9-to-5 cubicle . Communications While authors up all night to get their vision into words have been around for ages , computers and mobile phones have opened up that lifestyle to others . Copywriters , editors , researchers , translators and even public relations directors can use their laptops and cell phones to work virtually anywhere at any time . Technology has created new communications positions , too . Lisa Gordon of Needham , Massachusetts , is co-founder of Catcher in the Sky , a business that develops applications for the iPhone . "  Both my partner and I are moms of elementary-school-aged children , so flexibility is a must , " Gordon says . "  I have chosen to work for myself and to be accountable only to my partner . We drive each other to do our best and are also understanding of family needs that arise . " James Larson works as a social media assistant for The Corporate Educator , a company in Wallingford , Connecticut . "  Essentially , my position is to maximize the presence of our business on various media outlets , " Larson says . "  I respond to blogs , interact with customers and am even beginning to develop sales leads as well . " Sales Speaking of sales , this field has a wealth of potentially flexible positions : telemarketers , Avon ladies , eBay shop owners , real estate agents and insurance company representatives , to name a few . "  I manage the domestic and international sales for a lumber manufacturing company headquartered in Charlottesville , Virginia " says Bo Hammond , a vice president with Coastal Lumber Co. . "  With technology , remote access and smart phones , my hours are flexible . Work from home is accepted . The motivation is to get the job done . For my specific job , that is being accessible , whether in the office or remotely . " Support services Getting things done is the bottom line for many companies , so typists , transcribers , data entry workers and payroll organizers are often free to work on-site or off -- as long as they complete assignments . Charles Viagas of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , sets his own hours as an independent contractor with LiveOps , a virtual call center company that enables workers to take customer service calls at their home . The arrangement allows him to schedule hours around his wife 's job and to be an active caretaker for his two young children . Education College professors often have been able to pick the times they teach , and online schools have taken this freedom even further . Other flexible positions include substitute teachers , textbook developers and tutors . As an educational consultant , Sara Lise Raff of New York City performs a variety of duties . "  I am basically a freelancer who has clients that range from individuals  usually parents  to not-for-profits to schools , " Raff says . "  I am generally asked to write curriculums , help with educational grant applications , create and facilitate workshops , evaluate and hire staff and act as a sounding board . I love what I do and can usually create a convenient schedule that allows me to be around for my three kids most of the time . " Artists and designers Sculptors , painters , jewelry makers , graphic designers , photographers , illustrators and cartoonists are among the creative professionals who often enjoy job flexibility . One such artist is Steven Kubien of Ajax , Ontario . He is a full-time wood-turner who creates everything from pepper grinders to cremation urns for Green Leaf Wood Studio . He also is a stay-at-home dad who schedules his studio time around his family . Barbara McCandless is employed by Closet Factory in Virginia Beach , Virginia . "  I design and sell custom storage of all kinds -- closets , home offices , wall units , entertainment centers , kitchen pantries , laundry rooms and garage systems , " McCandless says . "  Each month I submit a calendar on which I indicate my availability to take design appointments . I work full time , but I am free to X-out times that I need for personal appointments , vacations , etc. " One last art for consideration : comedy . "  You wo n't find a more flexible job than that of a comedian , " says Dan Nainan , who left his job as a senior computer engineer to pursue his dream . "  Our actual scheduled work takes perhaps less than one hour a day , and the rest of the time is spent marketing our product and improving it . The hours for that are completely , utterly flexible . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	There are jobs that offer a more flexible schedule than 9-to-5 hours Telemarketers , Avon ladies , eBay shop owners , real estate agents set own hours Painters , graphic designers , photographers , illustrators can enjoy job flexibility Substitute teachers , textbook developers and tutors can determine own schedule
Trion , Georgia  CNN  -- Christopher Wolfe has a Tough As Nails , I Love America attitude . His pride swells along with his tattooed biceps . He 's a dying breed , a blue-collar American working on a product as American as apple pie . Blue jeans . "  This is our lifeline , " Wolfe says . Those jeans you squeezed into this morning ? It 's likely they began right here at Mount Vernon Mills , one of the last functioning cotton mills in America and the nation 's No. 1 producer of denim . In a tiny enclave of northwest Georgia , Wolfe and 1,200 of his colleagues churn out enough denim per week for 800,000 pairs of blue jeans . Most U.S. mills shut down years ago , unable to compete with cheap overseas labor . And in another sign of the global economy , the fabric woven here is rarely sent to American plants to be turned into jeans . Instead , the fabric is shipped mostly to factories in Mexico . The jeans then carry labels that read "  Made in Mexico of U.S. fabric . " Blame NAFTA . Blame outsourcing . Blame corporate greed for the selling out of America 's manufacturing soul . "  I 'd rather see people over here work , instead of struggling -- instead of giving somebody in another country a chance to make money that -LSB- Americans -RSB- should be making , " says Wolfe , 31 . He 's got a scar across his forehead , a shaved head and goatee . Like a pair of well-worn blue jeans , he 's rough and tough . Some workers here are second - and third-generation employees , following in the footsteps of their fathers , mothers and grandparents . Wolfe 's dad and brother work at the mill . You can see the pride in their faces : Made in U.S.A. , baby . "  We contribute a lot to America , " Wolfe says with a smile . He 's a father of four young daughters . He makes about $ 9 an hour . He toils for them , for his little girls , so they can have a better a life . "  This mill here , " he says , "  it feeds my family . " It has been in existence since 1845 , when slaves handpicked cotton in the South . Back then , mill workers spun the cotton into fabric and shipped it to factories in the North . It 's said Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman came through Trion , Georgia , during the Civil War and decided not to burn the factory down . The reason remains town lore . Some speculate the Union general might 've been treated to the charms of Southern hospitality at the local hotel  wink , wink  . What 's a good Southern tale without -- dare we say it ? -- some yarnspinning . "  Boss Man " who fights for workers Inside , you ca n't help but marvel at the scene around you . Hundreds of spools of thread churn all at once , with computer-like precision . There 's a million-square-feet of manufacturing space , much of it Canadian rock maple hardwood floors . It 's clean with a brilliant shine . Thread shoots every which way , as if Spider-Man came through . Go from cotton field to denim The sweet , distinct smell of cotton permeates the mill -- like that of nature in a hardwood forest , with the faint hint of a wet Labrador retriever . When you walk through with general manager Don Henderson , the workers pause . They glance at "  Boss Man " . Many stroll over to shake his hand . How you doing ? Everything , OK ? Henderson is one reason this place is still in business , on American soil . He has an aww-shucks attitude . He 'll tell you it 's those men and women out there on the floor that keep it going . He 's got pride in the plant , in his workers and in his family . His father worked for 39 years in the spinning department . His brother retired from the plant after 42 years , having started when he was 16 and eventually making his way into management . "  If I had the ultimate say-so , we would be right here for the next 100 years , " says Henderson , 64 , who has worked in the plant for 40 years . While the nation 's manufacturing base has shrunk , Mount Vernon Mills is a rare exception . The tiny town of Trion -- pronounced Try-On , as in "  our residents always ` try on , ' " 78-year-old Mayor Benny Perry says -- has a staggeringly large annual budget for such a small town . Its $ 12 million , mostly from taxes the mill pays , provides a state-of-the-art public school , park space and athletic fields . If the mill shuttered , "  it would destroy the town , " Perry says . In its heydey , the mill had 5,000 workers in the 1940s and 1950s . The company owned everything in town back then , from the tiny mill houses that surround the plant to the town hospital where Henderson and many of his co-workers were born . As a result , Trion does n't have a quaint town square . The mill is the centerpiece . About two years ago , when the nation 's recession hit hard , the plant had to layoff about 200 workers . "  It was awful , " Henderson says . To save as many jobs as possible and to maximize efficiency , the plant switched to two , 12-hour shifts . That 's down from three shifts , five days a week . The denim for jeans goes to companies as wide-ranging as Wal-Mart to JCPenney to Dickies to Polo and other high-priced brands . Henderson 's most proud of the mill 's ties to cowboys . "  We make the Wrangler rodeo cowboy jeans that all the rodeo guys still wear , " he says . "  We make the fabric right here and have been for -- gosh -- 30 years . " Henderson holds up one roll of distressed fabric that 's nearly ready to be shipped . It 's denim that once was used for lower-end clothing . But yuppies like the look . Henderson chuckles and shakes his head . Martha Teague is 63 and has worked in the mill for the past 35 years . She says other company towns had bosses that sold them out , that cared more about the dollar than its people . "  It just gives me a good feeling to be a part of that family of Mount Vernon Mills , " says Teague , who has a son working at the plant . "  It has educated my children and gives us a house and everything we have really . " Wolfe wheels 13,000 yards of yarn into the dimly lit "  ballroom . " It 's placed among a heap of others . "  We 're lucky to have what we got . Other small towns , they do n't have that . " He turns and walks away in the orange glow of the ballroom . You want to know a secret ? A $ 12 pair of jeans often comes from the same roll of denim as a $ 150 designer pair .	Cotton mill in northwest Georgia is America 's No. 1 producer of denim Mill has been operating since 1845 Most U.S. cotton mills shut in last decade , unable to compete with China "  This mill here it feeds my family , " says Christopher Wolfe , 31
CNN  -- A New York Times article has reported that the United Arab Emirates and Egypt have launched airstrikes in Libya against militias , without coordinating with their ally , the United States of America . Both Egypt and the United Arab Emirates continue to deny that they were responsible for the strikes , while American officials insist otherwise . Yet , political cover could have been fairly easily provided if Egypt and the UAE had wanted to strike with less fallout . Allegations they carried out the strikes come against backdrop of international concern over radical Islamism in Iraq and Syria , which have led to U.S. airstrikes already , in co-ordination with the Iraqi government . Some of the Libyan Islamist militias openly express sympathy for ISIS counterparts in Iraq and Syria , and a newly elected Libyan government already calling for at least some kind of international intervention to restore order , although they 've stopped short of openly calling for military strikes . Any airstrikes , however , taking place without the consent of the national government of a country , could only be described as violating state sovereignty . Of course , the Libyan state has been characterized as close to , if not already in the throes of , complete failure for the last three years . The Gadhafi regime over three decades ensured there was no state to speak of , but only institutions closely associated with him and his coterie . When he fell , the revolutionary forces had the awesome challenge of building a state where there had been none -- and in the past three years , they have been unable to succeed in accomplishing that fundamental goal . In the midst of that void , different groups have tried to acquire as much power on Libyan territory as possible . It is difficult to describe the differences in simple terms -- there are regional and tribal divides , as well as support for Islamist militants and conservative , non-secularist but also non-Islamist , opposition to them . Secularist groups , unlike in Tunisia , for example , do not particularly exist in Libya -- Libyan society at large is tremendously religiously conservative . Some of that conservatism expresses itself in support for Islamist groups that range from the Libyan chapter of the Muslim Brotherhood , and more extreme groupings like Ansar al-Sharia who have articulated sympathy for ISIS . Representatives of non-Islamist groups swept recent parliamentary elections , which indicate they have substantially more popularity than the pro-Islamist camp at present . Unfortunately , both Islamists and non-Islamists alike have given rise to militias , which only deepens the difficulty for taking Libya through its transition to democracy . The void of a popularly supported state has also made it easier for outside powers to engage in Libyan affairs . From early on in the Libyan uprising , Qatar and Turkey have built alliances and provided support for particular groupings within the country -- and the Emiratis and others did the same . Three years on , the country remains tremendously unstable -- but it now exists in a region where a truly radical Islamist movement has shown itself capable , if only temporarily , taking control of swathes of Iraq and Syria . The fears of a similar movement taking over Libya are genuinely felt in Cairo , Abu Dhabi and elsewhere in the region -- and after the U.S. engaged so openly in striking against a radical Islamist movement in Iraq , it would perhaps be unsurprising if others in the region had felt they were within their rights to do the same in Libya . There is another aspect , however , to American involvement in the region . On the one hand , American airstrikes in Iraq may have emboldened advocates of a more interventionist approach in Libya . On the other hand , American non-involvement in Syria , which arguably contributed to the rise of ISIS , may have done the same -- providing support for the narrative that if you leave radical Islamists alone , they 're likely to develop into far more powerful actors as ISIS has become . U.S. influence The rising of the stakes of the conflict in Libya may not necessarily signal a waning of American influence -- if Washington wanted to engage more forcefully in the region , either unilaterally and multilaterally , it possesses enough political capital in the region to do so . In the absence of political will to proceed in that fashion , others will step into the vacuum -- and others have . Since at least 2012 , Qatar and Turkey have consistently supported Islamist groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood and their allies in countries like Egypt , Libya , Syria and elsewhere . The UAE and Saudi led the charge in supporting non-Islamist groups , although at times there was common cause , such as against Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria . They were joined by Egypt after the military removal of Mohamed Morsy in 2013 , and most other Arab governments after that point seem to have either tacitly or openly joined the non-Islamist axis . Much of this has less to do with ideology than it appears , and more to do with the fear of any type of change from the status quo that could devolve into mass instability . At present , that fear is most associated with Islamist movements . Mideast polarization What needs to happen in Libya is perhaps what needs to happen , in another fashion , across the Middle East . The polarization of the region into these two camps has taken place at the worst of times -- when the region is facing some of its greatest challenges in decades . The polarization between these two sides has repercussions and consequences , which are likely to take a very deep toll in countries like Libya , but also elsewhere , in terms of blood and chaos . It has never been more important than for these two camps to work together , as much as possible , to support Libya 's newly elected government , and to use their combined influence and capital to reinforce a political process in Libya that does not rely on the use of arms . Unfortunately , that does not seem to be likely in the interim -- and it will be the Libyan people , who have already suffered so much in the past three years , who will pay the price . The effects of Gadhafi 's rule still haunt them .	The New York Times reports the UAE and Egypt launched air strikes in Libya Egypt , the UAE deny the reports , but the U.S. says it understands they did strike Amid the threat of ISIS , some regional powers fear extremists in Libya , says H.A. Hellyer Libyans are caught between supporters of Islamist groups , those who fear them , he says
New York  CNN  -- The fall that seriously injured an actor in the stage musical "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " was caused by human error , an actors ' union said Wednesday . The "  Spider-Man " company met Tuesday with officials from the union , the Actors Equity Association , and members of Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor . The union said after consulting with OSHA and the labor agency , it concluded that the fall was caused by human error . The union did not give any details but said it worked with the other agencies to develop a safety plan to address the issue . Christopher Tierney , 31 , is listed in serious condition , said Bellevue Hospital spokesman Steven Bohlen . Jonathan Dealwis , a tourist from New Zealand who was in the audience , said Tierney fell "  about 6 meters , " or about 20 feet , Monday night . Reeve Carney is the actor who plays Spider-Man , but nine people perform Spider-Man 's stunts when the character is masked , according to show spokesman Jaron Caldwell . Dealwis said the accident happened near the end of the show . "  Spider-Man was on a bridge , and Mary Jane was dangling from it , " Dealwis said . "  I think he was meant to sort of swoop over there , but he just fell off . ... The harness , you could see it just flick off his back and fly backward . " Afterward , Dealwis said , "  It just went black , and the producer came on and said we 're going to pause for a moment . You could hear Mary Jane weeping . " A producer then came out and said the show was over , Dealwis said . Dealwis said the performer was wheeled away in a neck brace and was alert when he was taken to Bellevue Hospital . Rick Miramontez , another show spokesman , issued a statement confirming the performer fell from a platform and the show was stopped . "  All signs were good as he was taken to the hospital for observation , " Miramontez said . Wednesday 's matinee performance was postponed after the incident , Miramontez said , but all subsequent performances will proceed as scheduled . Show director Julie Taymor said the accident was "  obviously heartbreaking for our entire team and , of course , to me personally . " "  I am so thankful that Chris is going to be all right and is in great spirits , " Taymor said in a statement Tuesday . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our ` Spider-Man ' family , and we 'll continue to do everything in our power to protect the cast and crew . " The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and The Edge , is the most expensive in Broadway history , but the production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems . CNN 's John Roberts , Ethel Bass and Logan Burruss contributed to this report .	Director Julie Taymor calls fall "  heartbreaking " Wednesday 's matinee performance has been postponed , a spokesman says Performer Christopher Tierney is listed in serious condition after fall
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 55 people were killed and scores more wounded when bombs exploded across Iraq on Tuesday , a stark reminder of the violence and instability that grips the country 10 years after the start of the U.S.-led war . The attacks -- 17 car bombs , seven roadside bombs , and two shootings -- ripped mostly through Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad , but also struck Sunni communities in other towns . At least 187 people were wounded . Interactive : Iraq 10 years on The level of carnage has dropped considerably since the height of the sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 that nearly tore Iraq apart . But the continuing violence serves as a near daily reminder of the violence poses to the fragile political and economic gains in a post-Saddam Hussein Iraq . It 's the second time in less than a week that the Iraqi capital has endured major simultaneous attacks . Ten years on , the war left more than 134,000 Iraqis and more than 4,800 U.S. and other coalition service members dead . The war cost hundreds of billions of dollars . "  It remains entrenched and pervasive , with a clear beginning but no foreseeable end , and very much a part of the present in Iraq , " said Iraq Body Count , a UK-based group that tracks war deaths . "  In major regions of the country armed violence continues to exact a remorseless toll on human life , young and old , male and female , across society . " In Tuesday 's violence , car bombs rocked Baghdad neighborhoods long engulfed in conflict , like Shulaa and Kadhimiya . They struck Mustansiriya University in eastern Baghdad and the fortified International Zone , also known as the Green Zone , where the city 's international presence is concentrated . They hit cities north and south of the capital as well . Authorities defused four car bombs in the southern city of Basra . Attackers set off roadside bombs , another potent weapon for Iraqi insurgents and a defining symbol of the war . One of those bombs rattled Baghdad 's teeming Shiite slum of Sadr City . The U.S. mission in Iraq condemned the attacks in Baghdad and in other provinces -- such as Anbar , Kirkuk , Babel , Nineva , and Diyala . It was not immediately clear whether the attacks were related . No group immediately claimed responsibility for them . Ten years later , Iraq is on pins and needles Change can be seen in the once war-torn nation . A robust form of democracy has taken hold . Sunnis , Shiites , Kurds and others often work together . There is more political , economic and social stability . Coalition forces that ousted Hussein 's government have departed . However , recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis that sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites may ravage the country again . Attacks targeting the Justice Ministry last week left 30 dead and 50 wounded in strikes authorities suspect were carried out by al Qaeda in Iraq . Sunnis had more political clout during Hussein 's reign . The Shiites and the Kurds , the other two main groups , were second-class citizens . Since Hussein was toppled , the tables have turned . Shiites -- the largest religious group in the country -- predominate in government . The Kurdish semiautonomous region in the north , and the Kurds themselves , have more clout . Today , Sunnis feel they 've been politically marginalized . They demand that the Shiite-led government stop what they call negative treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Sunnis largely boycotted Iraq 's 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected . The deteriorating security situation prompted authorities to postpone provincial council elections scheduled for April in the predominantly Sunni provinces of Anbar and Nineveh . Expert : The Syrian conflict is hitting home in Iraq Ramzy Mardini , an expert on Iraq , said the attacks were probably "  prescheduled for the anniversary . " He also said the latest violence reflects the Sunni-Shiite sectarian tensions raging next door in Syria . He believes such attacks illustrate the revival of the "  capability and confidence " of al Qaeda in Iraq , buoyed by a Syrian uprising "  spearheaded by Sunni militancy . " It stands to reason that the attackers are targeting the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The Shiite-dominated government is helping neighboring Iran , the largest Shiite nation in the world and a supporter of the Alawite-dominated Syrian government . "  Al Qaeda in Iraq is becoming less exclusive to Iraq . They are trying to channel energy and piggyback off the Syrian revolution by aiming to merge Iraq and Syria into one theater of sectarian war , " said Mardini , adjunct fellow at the Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies in Beirut , Lebanon . "  Given that Maliki is helping Iran prop up the Syrian regime , AQI is advertising their cause and looking to attract the support and resources of militant groups in Syria . " Mardini said Sunni militants are baiting al-Maliki and Shiites to retaliate . "  They 're working overtime to plunge Iraq back to sectarian war . But more important than the attacks will be how the Shiites respond . Restraint will be key , but harder to achieve should attacks against Shiites continue . Iraq has already entered the electoral season , where everyone on the political scene fuels the fear factor towards their respective sectarian corners . " It is likely that these attacks are n't going to taper off soon , he said . "  What 's going on is a campaign , nothing isolated . The Syrian revolution is a strategic force of instability and will continue to provide both rationale and support to Sunnis trying to fight Shiites anywhere in the region , " he said . "  Growing Sunni discontent directed towards Maliki 's government could be providing more cover for al Qaeda fighters to operate than before . " The Obama administration marks the milestone U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Chuck Hagel marked the 10th anniversary of the war 's beginning with statements praising the service members who fought in Iraq . Obama honored the more than 1.5 million service members and civilians who served there and the memory of the nearly 4,500 Americans who died there . "  The last of our troops left Iraq with their heads held high in 2011 , and the United States continues to work with our Iraqi partners to advance our shared interest in security and peace . " Obama said a strong Post-9 / 11 GI Bill would help veterans pursue jobs and education . "  We must ensure that the more than 30,000 Americans wounded in Iraq receive the care and benefits they deserve and that we continue to improve treatment for traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder . " Hagel and Obama also praised the sacrifices of service members ' families . "  Our reflections include the Iraqi people -- the Iraqi soldiers and police officers who died alongside our own , the men and women who were caught in the crossfire , and those who still struggle today to secure and govern their nation , " Hagel said . "  The Iraqi people will determine the future of Iraq and the United States will continue to support their efforts for a peaceful , secure , free , and prosperous nation . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Elections in two provinces postponed It is not immediately clear whether all the attacks are related The attacks come 10 years after the U.S.-led invasion began Recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis
CNN  -- A woman in Ohio recently wrote us about her struggles in finding the time and the money to take care of her health . Billie wrote , "  I am 33 years old and without Planned Parenthood I would have never found out in time that I 'm a woman with precancerous cells in my uterus and cervix . I can not afford to pay for my health care , and by them having a sliding scale I could afford it or else otherwise I may have died from cervical cancer . I would n't have found out about it in time . ...  Now  I can see my children grow up . " This week , as we celebrate National Women 's Health Week -- a time when women are encouraged to make our health a priority by scheduling wellness checkups -- Billie 's story came to my mind . Like many women , Billie is busy with her family , balancing bills and struggling without health insurance . But she finally took the time to put herself first and went to get a checkup . It 's amazing to think that those few precious moments she spent in an exam room potentially saved her and her family from mounds of medical bills and emotional agony . But for a significant number of women in this country , accessing preventive health care services such as lifesaving cancer screenings , birth control , and well-woman exams is becoming more difficult , thanks to legislators who are putting politics before women 's health . In fact , in Billie 's home state of Ohio this week , the legislature is debating a bill that if enacted would hurt thousands of women by eliminating federal funding for Pap tests , breast exams , STD prevention and treatment , and prenatal care at Planned Parenthood health centers throughout the state . For many women , Planned Parenthood is the only doctor 's visit they will have all year . Billie does n't come to Planned Parenthood to make a political statement , but to get high-quality , affordable health care . Yet what is happening to patients in states like Ohio is just a preview of what women can expect from Mitt Romney if he is elected president . His promise to strike down the Affordable Care Act and its requirement that health plans cover birth control without co-pays , along with his pledge to end the nation 's family planning program -- which provides preventive care to nearly 5 million women -- and his vow to "  get rid " of Planned Parenthood would have real and serious consequences for millions of women nationwide . Unlike Mitt Romney , we wo n't let politics interfere with the health care that one in five women in America have relied on at some point in their lives . Planned Parenthood 's doors are open today and they 'll be open tomorrow . But that does n't mean these attacks are n't dangerous for all of us -- our mothers , sisters , daughters , nieces , and grandmothers . Mitt Romney prides himself on being an astute businessman , but any woman balancing her checkbook right now could tell him that attacking basic preventive care is fiscally irresponsible . Unintended pregnancies already cost taxpayers $ 11 billion a year . Breast cancer caught late can be deadly , and it leaves families emotionally and financially bankrupt . Preventive care saves lives and money . My hope this National Women 's Health Week is that together we can shine a light on the irony of these legislative maneuvers . Most important , I hope that the annual observance provides an opportunity for lawmakers to take pause . They must be made to see that attacks on health care threaten the lives and well-being of real women . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cecile Richards .	Cecile Richards : Women 's Health Week a good time to remember women should get checkup She says women 's preventive health care crucial : birth control , cancer screening , checkups Romney wants to strike down health reform act , "  get rid of " Planned Parenthood , she says Richards : Unintended pregnancies cost taxpayers $ 11 billion/year
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Ousted Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov presided over a "  pyramid " of corruption in the Russian capital that the Kremlin tolerated for political advantage , according to a document released by the website WikiLeaks on Wednesday . Despite an anti-corruption campaign launched by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , "  the extent of corruption in Moscow remains pervasive with Mayor Luzhkov at the top of the pyramid , " according to a February cable from the U.S. Embassy there . "  Luzhkov oversees a system in which it appears that almost everyone at every level is involved in some form of corruption or criminal behavior . " But for Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , Luzhkov remained "  a trusted deliverer of votes and influence " for their ruling party , United Russia . "  Putin and Medvedev 's dilemma is deciding when Luzhkov becomes a bigger liability than asset , " the cable states . Luzhkov apparently reached that point in September , when Medvedev abruptly fired the 74-year-old Moscow mayor . His dismissal came after criticism in Russia 's state media that he had gone on vacation during a wave of forest fires that blanketed the capital in thick smog -- and after reports that he channeled funds and lucrative deals to his property-developer wife , now Russia 's richest woman . Luzhkov denied the allegations after his dismissal and told CNN that he was fired to enable the Kremlin to tighten its grip on power . He won a libel suit against an opposition leader who leveled allegations of corruption against the mayor , though the U.S. Embassy cable notes the judgment was issued on technical grounds . The U.S. document , dated more than seven months before Luzhkov 's dismissal , described a three-tiered "  kleptocracy . " "  Criminal elements enjoy a ` krysha '  a term from the criminal/mafia world literally meaning ` roof ' or protection  that runs through the police , the Federal Security Service  FSB  , Ministry of Internal Affairs  MVD  , and the prosecutor 's office , as well as throughout the Moscow city government bureaucracy , " the document states . It added , "  Luzhkov is at the top . " "  Moscow business owners understand that it is best to get protection from the MVD and FSB  rather than organized crime groups  since they not only have more guns , resources , and power than criminal groups , but they are also protected by the law , " the cable continued . "  For this reason , protection from criminal gangs is no longer so high in demand . Police and MVD collect money from small businesses while the FSB collects from big businesses . " In addition , according to one source quoted in the document , Luzhkov and other regional leaders were kicking payments up to the Kremlin . "  The governors collect money based on bribes , almost resembling a tax system , throughout their regions , " the cable quotes that source , whose name was redacted .	A U.S. Embassy document describes Moscow as a "  kleptocracy " Luzhkov was a political asset for Russia 's ruling party Businesses prefer paying off cops over gangsters , the document states
CNN  -- Thousands of Africans have expressed their hopes that the next pope will be the first from their continent -- with a majority believing it would mean the Catholic Church becoming more conservative . The survey of 20,000 people , conducted on mobile phones across 11 nations , also exposed big divisions among Africans about the future direction of the church , including faith , homosexuality and race . "  An African pope will bring about more unity on the continent and confidence in Africans , " said one woman from Zimbabwe , while a young Nigerian man polled said an African pope "  will eradicate immoralities , such as same-sex marriage . " CNN commissioned the survey , partnering with Jana.com , which has pioneered polling in developing countries with fast-growing mobile networks . Jana , meaning ` people ' in Sanskrit , rewards participants in their mobile phone surveys with additional air time . Mobile phone use has skyrocketed in Africa , climbing from 9.2 million subscribers in 2000 to more than 648 million subscribers in 2011 -- more users than the U.S. or the European Union , according to the World Bank . More than 80 % of those surveyed believe their continent is ready for an African pope , but only 61 % thought the rest of the world was too . Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana is viewed by Vatican observers as the top African contender , according to John Allen , CNN analyst and correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter . Most respondents  86 %  thought an African pope would increase support for Catholicism in Africa , while just over 50 % believed the church would become more conservative if that happened . On the other hand , 21 % thought that it would become less conservative . CNN also asked respondents what an African pope would mean for them and for Africa . The comments revealed a wide range of views on the church 's role . Check out our Wordle of responses to the survey "  It would help strengthen the faith and belief of all African Catholics , " said one Ghanaian . "  They will feel a part of the church . " "  Will he stop the ongoing war in some African countries ? " asked a Namibian responder . "  He may be like the rest of them and just stay in the church ; anyway they do n't make any difference in Africa . " Read full results of the survey carried out for CNN by Jana A Zimbabwean man surveyed also said he feared that an African pope would not be treated equally to other popes . "  I think at first people might not accept him and it would take a long time for him to blend in , so his impact will not be that great . " Jana conducted the poll between 7-11 March 2013 with mobile phone users from Lesotho , Rwanda , Namibia , Tanzania , Zambia , Zimbabwe , Uganda , South Africa , Kenya , Ghana , and Nigeria .	More than 80 % of Africans surveyed say Africa is ready for African pope , but fewer believe world is ready 20,000 people in 11 African nations answered questions about attitudes to the pope and Catholicism Africans shared thoughts on the Catholic Church and faith , racism , homosexuality and the future
CNN  -- The allegation is shocking : an 8-year-old girl lured to a storage shed with the promise of chewing gum , pinned down and sexually assaulted by four boys , none of them older than 14 . President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf has made cracking down on sex crimes a top priority in Liberia . The response from the girl 's family sent a second and equally stunning shockwave through their Phoenix , Arizona , community : "  The parents felt that they had been shamed or embarrassed by their child , " reported Phoenix police Sgt. Andy Hill . As a result , the girl was taken into custody by Arizona 's child welfare agency . The prosecutor who charged the four boys called the crime "  heartrending " and "  deeply disturbing . " But to those familiar with Liberia , the west African nation where the families of all of the children are from , the crime and response are both part of a sadly familiar story . "  It 's something that happens every day in every community in Liberia , " said Tania Bernath , a researcher for the human rights group Amnesty International . The country was racked by a brutal civil war for most of 14 years . During that time , rape was used by fighters on all sides as a tool of war and a way to spread terror and demoralize enemies . A United Nations report in 2004 , the year after much of the fighting stopped , estimated that 60 to 70 percent of all women in the nation had been the victims of sexual violence . A 2006 government report said that of 1,600 women surveyed , 92 percent reported some kind of sexual violence , including rape . "  They would have cases where they would rape the wife in front of the husband -- things like that , really breaking down communities , " said Bernath , who spent several years in Liberia working for a relief organization . While no one yet knows whether the boys charged in the case were exposed directly to violence in their homeland , advocates say they fear that harmful attitudes toward rape in Liberia have followed some members of the tight-knit immigrant community to the United States . Watch a report on the allegations and cultural conflicts " "  Things like gang rape were used so often during the war that I think , with kids , if they saw it and heard it or heard about it -- that 's part of what you might wonder about -LSB- in the Phoenix case -RSB- , " Bernath said . "  It was sort of normalized . " In the Phoenix case , a 14-year-old boy who police say was the ringleader is being charged as an adult . The other boys accused are 13 , 10 and 9 and were charged as juveniles . Phone calls by CNN to the Maricopa County public defender 's office , most recently on Wednesday , have not been returned . It 's not known what , if any , exposure the boys or their parents had to the fighting in their homeland , where it was once commonplace for children as young as 7 or 8 to be forced into duty -- the boys handed rifles while the girls were made to perform chores or serve as sex slaves . A United Nations report estimates that about 70 percent of all fighters in the conflict were younger than 18 , and former fighters have told U.N. and other researchers about the rapes they say they routinely committed . After the Phoenix attack , a 23-year-old sister of the victim told a reporter that her sister was "  bringing confusion " after the assault was discovered by a neighbor . She said that she wanted the suspects to be released from jail because "  we are the same people " and that her sister would be ostracized by others in the Liberian community for being a rape victim . It 's a reaction that Beverly Goll-Yekeson knows all too well . A native of Liberia , Yekeson was a victim of sexual violence and now works as an advocate for other Liberian women . She says most families in Liberia condemn rape , but the crime is drastically underreported because of the stigma victims and relatives feel . "  There are a lot of social illnesses in the society ; they are ashamed to come out , " said Yekeson , president of the Liberia Crisis Center for Women and Children . "  Rape is not something that people just come out and say . " Yekeson , who now lives and works in Maryland , said that refugees who have resettled in other countries , including the United States , often bring those attitudes with them . Her group , which runs a shelter for abuse victims in Monrovia , Liberia , also works with refugees . "  Reintegrating them into society , changing their mind-set -- that 's where we have to go , " she said . "  That 's a bigger challenge . It 's one thing to implement a rape law and another thing to change the mind-set of a people . " In 2005 , Liberian President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf became Africa 's first elected female head of state . Shortly afterward , the country enacted a law making rape a crime for the first time . Before that , only gang rape had been explicitly outlawed , and advocates say anarchy in the country meant any law added to the books during the civil war would n't have been enforced anyway . Johnson-Sirleaf has made cracking down on rape and changing attitudes about it a top priority . She condemned the alleged attack in Phoenix and said defending rape is not a part of the nation 's culture . "  Those parents should know that things have changed in Liberia , " she told CNN last week . "  No longer do we tolerate this . This is not a question of shame on the family . It 's a question of the assault of a young child , and that can not be tolerated . " Watch Liberia 's ambassador , president react to the alleged rape " The girl was taken into custody by Arizona 's child welfare agency after the police accounts saying her parents were ashamed of her . Her father has since said he wants his daughter back and denied telling police that she brought shame to the family . A pastor working with the family has said he wants to investigate to find out if there was miscommunication between the family and police in the hours following the alleged assault . Johnson-Sirleaf said she hopes the alleged attackers will receive counseling in addition to any criminal sentence they may face if they are found guilty . Liberian refugees , and those still living in her country , need to be clear that the days of sex crimes being excused or swept under the rug are over , she said . " -LSB- Rape is -RSB- something that is no longer acceptable in our society , " she said . "  It is a problem , but it is -LSB- also -RSB- a crime , and people bear the brunt of the penalty for such crime . " Under Johnson-Sirleaf 's leadership in Liberia , bail is not available to those charged with rape , and a special court system has been set up to deal specifically with sex crimes . But even that system has problems that need reform , advocates say . Yekeson said an 8-year-old girl from her crisis center in Liberia was persuaded to press charges . But in the courtroom , she was made to testify while her accused attacker sat only feet away . "  You had the rapist right there , staring in her face , " she said . "  That child was so traumatized , she ran away from the shelter and we had to look for her for days . " But Yekeson and others remain hopeful that as the years since the fighting stopped tick away , attitudes about sex crimes in Liberia will continue to change . "  Because of the war , the social structure in Liberia , like any other war country , was destroyed , " she said . "  Once the proper institutions have been put back into place , you will have more parents coming out and saying they are not ashamed . "	8-year-old girl sexually assaulted by fellow Liberia natives , police say During Liberia 's civil war , rape was used as a weapon by soldiers U.N. report : 60 to 70 percent of Liberian women were assault victims Johnson-Sirleaf , first elected female leader in Africa , makes stopping rape a priority
CNN  -- There are less than five months to go until the World Cup begins in Brazil but the clock is ticking for another of the global football fiesta 's host cities . Curitiba , the capital of the southern state of Parana , is so behind with its stadium renovations that FIFA could strip it of its host status . On a trip to inspect the venue Tuesday , Jerome Valcke , secretary general of the sport 's governing body , told reporters : "  You can not organize games if you do not have a stadium -- that 's obvious . "  If you do n't have a stadium then you can not have four games taking place here . So that 's why again there is this emergency situation . " FIFA has now given builders in the city of Curitiba a new deadline of February 18 to show a marked improvement in the stadium . The Arena de Baixada venue , home to Atletico Paranaense , is being expanded for the World Cup with new seats added alongside the pitch and capacity raised to 40,000 . It is understood to now be 90 % complete but has progressed little since the end of November , when it was 88 % done . Work on the stadium was also halted in October when a local judge intervened because of concerns that workers were at serious risk of being injured . "  We are not expecting the stadium to be ready on February 18 , " Valcke continued . "  What we are expecting is to see a progress and to understand where we are going and that is what is being put in place today . " Luis Fernandes , executive secretary of Brazil 's Ministry of Sport , agreed with Valcke 's criticism , saying : "  If the pace of work at the stadium in Curitiba were to be kept as it is , then it would not be ready to host the World Cup . "  With this is mind , we agreed that we would take steps to guarantee that the arena would be ready to host the games scheduled to be held there . " Those steps include "  scaling up " work on the stadium and an injection of an extra $ 16.5 million from the Parana government 's development fund . World Cup holder Spain is due to play the first match at the stadium against Australia on June 26 . A total of 12 venues scattered throughout Brazil are due to host World Cup games this summer but many of them have been beset with problems . Five workers have died on World Cup stadium construction sites , the latest the death of Marcleudo de Melo Ferreira , who fell from the roof of a stadium in the Amazonian city of Manaus in December . Many of the stadiums are behind with their construction deadlines and there have been concerns that Brazil 's transport network could create major logistical problems . Preparations for the World Cup have also been controversial in Brazil . Protesters are outraged at what they consider lavish spending on the World Cup as well as the 2016 Olympic Games . Brazil has not hosted the World Cup since 1950 -- when it lost 2-1 in the deciding match to Uruguay . The 2014 tournament is due to open on June 12 with Brazil taking on Croatia in Sao Paulo 's Arena Corinthians -- a stadium which has had its own renovation issues .	FIFA warns of "  emergency situation " in World Cup host city Curitiba as construction slows Builders are given new deadline of February 18 to show progress at the Arena de Baixada Brazil 's Ministry of Sport pledges to upscale work and inject an extra $ 16.5 million The 2014 World Cup begins on June 12 when hosts Brazil take on Croatia in Sao Paulo
CNN  -- Zemco Industries in Buffalo , New York , has recalled approximately 380,000 pounds of deli meat that may be contaminated with bacteria that can cause a potentially fatal disease , the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday . The products were distributed to Wal-Marts nationwide , according to the USDA 's website . The meats may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes , which was discovered in a retail sample collected by inspectors in Georgia . The USDA has received no reports of illnesses associated with the meats . Upon learning of the voluntary recall , Wal-Mart immediately told its stores to remove the meat from their shelves , the company said in a statement . "  Consumption of food contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis , an uncommon but potentially fatal disease , " according to the USDA . "  Healthy people rarely contract listeriosis . However , listeriosis can cause high fever , severe headache , neck stiffness and nausea . "  Listeriosis can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths , as well as serious and sometimes fatal infections in those with weakened immune systems , such as infants , the elderly and persons with HIV infection or undergoing chemotherapy , " the USDA said . The products subject to recall are : -- 25.5-pound cases of "  Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches BLACK FOREST HAM With Natural Juices Coated with Caramel Color " with the number 17800 1300 . -- 28.49-pound cases of "  Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches HOT HAM , HARD SALAMI , PEPPERONI , SANDWICH PEPPERS " with the number 17803 1300 . -- 32.67-pound cases of "  Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches VIRGINIA BRAND HAM With Natural Juices , MADE IN NEW YORK , FULLY COOKED BACON , SANDWICH PICKLES , SANDWICH PEPPERS " with the number 17804 1300 . -- 25.5-pound cases of "  Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches ANGUS ROAST BEEF Coated with Caramel Color " with the number 17805 1300 . The meats were produced on dates ranging from June 18 to July 2 , 2010 . The "  Use By " dates range from August 20 to September 10 , 2010 . Wal-Mart noted the recall involves Marketside Grab and Go sandwiches , but not individual packages of deli meat . "  We encourage customers who recently purchased this item to return it for a full refund , " the company statement said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Wal-Mart says products immediately were pulled from shelves The recalled meat products were sold at Wal-Marts nationwide The meat products were produced from mid-June through early July Listeriosis is an uncommon , but potentially fatal disease
CNN  -- About 1,500 texts , voice mails and e-mails , some from people he has n't spoken to in 20 years , have deluged Andy Enfield 's in-boxes over the past few days . "  Ninety-nine percent of it is all excited and congratulatory . But there are some people that e-mail me just out of the blue , or somehow get my cell phone number , and text me and say derogatory things . And that just comes with the Internet age , " the youthful-looking 43-year-old Florida Gulf Coast University head basketball coach said Tuesday . "  I believe that this does n't happen to every coach , because every coach is not a 15 seed , " Enfield told CNN 's Rachel Nichols on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " Florida Gulf Coast is the lowest-seeded team to ever advance to the Sweet 16 round of the NCAA college basketball championship tournament . That accomplishment has focused the spotlight on the previously-little-known coach of a previously-little-known university . And it 's also focused TV cameras on his telegenic wife , the mother of his three children , who boasts a higher-profile past -- as a model who appeared on the cover of magazines such as Maxim . "  We do n't talk about it . Amanda does n't walk up to people and just say , ` Hey , look at my pictures on the Internet , ' " Enfield said . "  So , this media scrutiny and attention , I think we 're all flattered by it , but it 's just not who we are . We 're so laid back about our past and what we 've done . Really , we just want our focus to be on our team , on what FGCU has done , and this great institution . " Florida Gulf Coast stuns Georgetown in shocking upset Before last weekend 's upsets of regional No. 2 seed Georgetown and No. 7 seed San Diego State , most people -- even players Enfield was recruiting -- had no idea know where Florida Gulf Coast University is . "  They 'd think we were the Gulf Coast Community College in the  Florida  Panhandle , " he said recently as his basketball team prepared for its first NCAA tournament game . "  I would to keep saying , ` No , we are a Division I school . We are in Fort Myers . ' "  It just would n't register because they had never heard of us . " It 's been a quick rise to prominence for a school that did n't even exist 16 years ago and only started its sports program in 2002 . The hoops team , which joined Division I just five years ago and became eligible for tournament play two years ago , was coming off a 10-20 season when Enfield was hired away from his assistant position at Florida State . It was a tough start . Three team leaders transferred . He had to recruit players while his wife was in the hospital having their third child .  Well , he did n't HAVE to , but he did The coach recalls telling his staff that they had two goals : Quickly recruit talent and make the players that were recruited better . "  The chemistry on the team in unbelievable . It 's the best I 've been around in my years of coaching . I think people see that on the court . We look for the individual personality side when we recruit , and also the talent . Then , we try to develop our players on and off the court , " Enfield told Nichols . "  I think what you 're seeing is our style of basketball these last two games ... we 've been successful because our players enjoy their friends and they enjoy playing with each other . " Enfield is used to success . He was valedictorian in high school in Shippensburg , Pennsylvania . As a college guard at Johns Hopkins University , he set the NCAA Division III record in 1991 for career free throw percentage at 92.5 % . He parlayed his reputation as a great shooter into a job as a consultant to NBA teams where he helped players improve their form . Two of those gigs turned into full-time positions as an assistant coach , one with the Boston Celtics . While Enfield taught good shooting technique , he also learned about coaching from Rick Pitino , who is now the head coach of No. 1 seed Louisville . "  Basketball 's always been in my blood . My father was a high school coach . He coached ninth grade for 20-something years . It 's always been with me . It 's my passion , " Enfield said . He majored in economics at Johns Hopkins and received an MBA from Maryland , then left coaching in 2000 to co-found Chattanooga , Tennessee-based TractManager , a contract management company in the health care industry . Sports Illustrated reported that the privately held company is worth at least $ 100 million . "  I retain a part of company , but I 'm not involved any way in management , " Enfield told the magazine this week . His partner , Tom Rizk , said he asked Enfield to be one of the initial investors because he saw some genius in him . "  One of his very significant talents was to be a leader , " Rizk told the News-Press of Fort Myers . "  People were following him . He is a special guy . He 's smart . He 's articulate . He 's very positive . If there 's a guy that could turn a program around like yours , it 's him . " March Madness A to Z While he was working in New York for the company , he was set to drive to Boston to watch the NCAA tournament . A friend said her girlfriend had tickets , too . They were going to fly , but Enfield offered them a ride so they could save the $ 500 . The girlfriend was Amanda Marcum , a model who had appeared on the covers of magazines such Maxim and Vogue and did runway work in Europe . "  I did n't know her at the time , " Enfield said , "  but I knew as soon as she got in the car , I knew it would be a great trip to Boston . " For the future Mrs. Enfield , it was n't exactly love at first four-hour trip . "  No . No . But it worked out after a while , " the ardent Oklahoma State fan told the Oklahoman newspaper . "  We got engaged pretty quickly after we started dating , and that happened fast , but , no  immediate attraction  . " So Amanda modeled and Andy continued to work as an entrepreneur  he also had a basketball shooting technique video and company  . She traveled the world and he watched his company grow . He wanted to go back to coaching and thought it would be better to raise a family in a college environment . He got an offer from Florida State in 2006 , joining the staff of a middling team in the powerhouse Atlantic Coast Conference . When the Florida Gulf Coast job opened up , Enfield e-mailed about it . Like so many people , he only had seen the young school 's scores on the TV ticker and had never been to the campus . "  I did n't know much about the school when I took the job , " he said , adding that Athletics Director Ken Kavanagh sold him on the idea of quickly making it a place to build a tradition . "  I wanted that opportunity , so that 's why I took it . " Enfield signed a five-year contract  which may not stop larger schools from looking to Fort Myers for a coach this off-season  and quickly built a program almost from scratch . There are just two seniors and two juniors on this year 's roster . He recruited four high school seniors and one transfer . The young Eagles are exciting to watch , and their high-flying offense and highlight reel jams have given Fort Myers a new nickname -- Dunk City . "  I 'm pretty confident that we can run with anybody , " said Eddie Murray , a 6-foot-8 senior forward . "  We do n't have the typical big body guys . We have the long , athletic guys who want to run . " They also play tough defense , just like Florida State . Enfield knows that when it comes to recruiting , he 's not necessarily going to get guys ready for Division I. Those players go to Kentucky or Duke or other top schools , he said . He gets players who have some talent -- and some flaws , he said . "  We have some of the most improved players in the country on our team this year . They 've made huge jumps , and I think that 's big in selling that recruiting , " he said . Besides good technique , there is one other thing he teaches them . "  The biggest thing he 's given me has just been confidence , " Murray said . The Eagles are confident they can keep pulling off upsets like the ones they sprung on Georgetown and San Diego State . The Enfields ' daughters are hoping the streak continues . "  My oldest daughter 's focus is to go to Target to buy a dinosaur from the dollar bin , because that was promised after we got back from the tournament , " Amanda Enfield said of their 6-year-old . Andy Enfield added , "  Yeah , I told her if we won the first game , she could get a dinosaur , and our other daughter would get a Barbie . They hit me up after winning the first game and said , ` Can we get another if you win a second game ? ' At that point I said , ` Sure . '  Laughs  And Amanda said , ` Hey you should ask for more than that . ' " On Friday , they face Florida in a game scheduled to begin just after 10 p.m. ET . Regional No. 3 seed Florida began the tournament as the 12th-ranked team in the country . Odds makers have the Gators as heavy favorites . Speaking of his intrastate foe , Enfield joked , "  It 's just unique that we 're playing them in the Sweet 16 . I blame that on the selection committee . They should have put us in separate parts of the bracket , and we should n't have met until the championship game . " Whether Enfield 's Eagles pull off an upset , one thing is for sure : Recruiting will be a whole lot easier when he has to call prospects ' parents this off-season .	Andy Enfield 's team is the first No. 15 regional seed to ever get to the Sweet 16 Florida Gulf Coast University near Fort Myers has more than 11,000 students Enfield has been successful throughout his life , even off the court The basketball program became eligible for the NCAA tournament two years ago
CNN  -- A Georgia couple accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room with nothing but a mattress , a box spring and a bucket for a toilet have turned themselves in , police said . Recardo and Therian Wimbush reported to authorities early Friday evening , Gwinnett County Police spokesman Cpl. Jake Smith said . They were in custody at the Gwinnett County Detention Center , according to Smith . Authorities had detailed the case against the Wimbushes a day earlier , indicating that they were expected to turn themselves in . State child protection workers went to the Wimbush home after receiving a tip and found the boy locked in an 8-by-6-foot room with no light bulb , books , toys or television , Smith said . The boy had been confined to the room about two years and locked inside since January 2013 , according to the police spokesman . "  He was essentially being treated as a prisoner would be treated , " Smith said Thursday , according to CNN affiliate WSB . "  The window had been painted over . There was no light bulb outside . What was inside was a bucket that the child was using as a bathroom , a mattress and box spring . " Police indicated that the parents kept the child in this state for "  disciplinary reasons . " Recardo Wimbush , 33 , and 37-year-old Therian Wimbush -- both of Buford , Georgia -- have been charged with child cruelty and false imprisonment . Recardo Wimbush was a star football player at Georgia Tech from 1999 to 2002 . A linebacker , he signed a contract with the Atlanta Falcons but was cut before the season started . The 13-year-old child and his nine siblings appeared to be in good health and showed no outward signs of physical abuse or malnutrition , Smith said . The parents would bring food downstairs to the boy when the rest of the family had meals , Smith said . The Georgia Division of Family and Child Services took the 10 children -- the youngest , 18 months -- into custody . The boy is the oldest . CNN reached out Thursday and earlier Friday to the Wimbushes . There was no response .	Police : Recardo and Therian Wimbush in custody They 're accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room Police : "  He was essentially being treated as a prisoner " Their parents are charged with child cruelty , false imprisonment
CNN  Andre Hartman struggles to walk . But every day he dreams of going back to the ocean . For decades , he made an impressive career out of freediving with great white sharks . The South African daredevil survived numerous encounters with these ocean predators . And when he needed to get closer to the animals , taking the cage out of cage diving was a risk the pioneering diver was willing to take . But a debilitating stroke three years ago tragically left the ex-fisherman unable to get close to the sharks he came to love . Today , the closest he can get is through the tours of a local shark diving firm , Supreme Sharks , where he provides his expert knowledge for eager tourists . "  It 's been 11 years since I last swam with a shark , and I 've love to get back into it again at a later stage , " Hartman says . "  I 'm not ready yet -- but I 'm sure once I can swim properly , I 'll be there again . " This passionate pioneer of the oceans has spent years studying what many believe is one of the most dangerous predators in the world . "  I 'm just mesmerized by how they move and what they do , and that fascinates me . They 're like an aeroplane -- they fly in the water . Those wings flex with the weight of the body . " Born in Bellville , Cape Town , Hartman has been a bit of thrillseeker ever since he was a child . By his teens , he could often be found with his friends trying to catch snakes with their bare hands . Following graduation , the young risk-taker drifted from various jobs . Finally after serving his mandatory national service in the army , Hartman found spearfishing . An accidental encounter The ancient and rather arduous tradition of spearfishing has been used for millennia across the globe . It has also become a competitive sport and Hartman soon became one of the country 's top spearfishers . Then one day in 1977 during a seemingly normal practice dive , Hartman would have a close encounter that would change his life forever . He 'd been diving for a few hours and was reeling in his line when a sharp movement flicked past him . Thinking it was a shoal of fish , he tried to move around it and was confronted with a big , black eye . "  It was a white shark , my first white shark and I thought ` Wow , wait until I tell my friends , ' " he recalls . "  First white shark and it 's huge .  It  looks like a house next to me . " Once the initial shock and awe of the situation wore off , Hartman started to tussle with the large predator , pushing back as the shark came in a little too close for comfort . "  When he bit down on the  spear  gun , I was paralyzed from shock . I did n't expect it . And then it reopened its mouth and I saw my hands go in . I thought ` uh oh ' and I jumped back to life and jerked it out of his mouth . "  I put my fist on his eye meaning to gorge his eye out and he just spat the gun out and dived down and swam away . " After this dramatic confrontation , Hartman laid still for five minutes , recalling how he swore he would never dive again . But the decision did n't last too long . He adds : "  The next morning a buddy calls ` hey are we going to dive some cray fishes this afternoon ? ' I said , ` Yeah , that 's a good idea . ' " ' I became the guy ' In the late 80s , Hartman began to see business opportunities from the big , blue sea . Shark tourism was booming and cage diving was quickly becoming a popular way of getting up close with the great whites off the coast . By 1997 , the savvy entrepreneur had started his own company taking eager adventurers to sea and lowering them gently beneath the waves to meet the sharks at close range . Within months , the business began to take off and filmmakers came knocking at his door . The budding entrepreneur had found his niche . "  I became the guy -- if you want to film sharks , go to Andre . Within two years they needed shots they could n't get so I said jump in the water and we 'll get it . Because when you 're in the cage with a camera it shakes so I started taking people out of the cage . " Over the years , Hartman 's reputation as one of South Africa 's leading shark experts has brought big opportunities and even the chance to join a film shoot in Mexico . But then things took a turn for the worst . "  When I came back , I actually had a stroke on my right hand side which paralyzed me completely . " Refusing to let his stroke become a setback , he began to fight back recovering quickly . But then three years ago , Hartman suffered another stroke , this time it was too much and left him unable to swim with the sea creatures he loves . "  At the moment I 'm just really starting to walk . But I still fall down every now and then . But I mean that happens , " he says . "  I 've just got to get stronger ... I 'm walking short steps and it 's going slowly . "  I mean the way I 've lived my life , if I have to do it again , I 'll do it exactly the same . " Watch the full show to find out more about Hartman 's exciting experiences of freediving with great white sharks .	Andre Hartman is a South African shark expert Today he works with tours providing his shark knowledge to tourists For decades he freedived with great white sharks until a stroke left him unable to swim
CNN  -- On Oyu Tolgoi -- "  Turquoise Hill " -- the biggest business venture in Mongolia is taking shape . The copper resources are n't new to locals -- after all , for thousands of years locals dug out copper to melt down into things like arrowheads , CNN 's Stan Grant reports . But the massive Gobi Desert copper and gold mine -- a joint venture with foreign mining conglomerates Ivanhoe and Rio Tinto -- is expected to account for one-third of the nation 's total economic output by 2020 and boost the average earnings of Mongolia by 60 % . The numbers are staggering . The development phase runs to nearly $ 5 billion . The mine is projected to produce to 450,000 tons of copper and more than 300,000 ounces of gold . Developers claim there 's enough here to mine for the next 50 years or more . Yet it 's placing stress on an ancient nomadic way of life . Many locals they 're worried the mine will drain all the water , although mine owners say Oyu Tolgoi has a separate underground source . There is also stress on animal herds and available land . Says one nomadic herder : "  At the moment it 's impossible to graze our herd near the mine . Officials might say it is only 10-kilometer limit , but because of the traffic and dust you do n't see any herds within 20 or 30 kilometers . " Other herders , like Myagmarjav , say they are benefiting from extra money for his wife and children through part-time work at the mine . "  We think we can work at the mine and take care of our herds . My three children will get a chance to go to school and have a better education , " he says .	Mongolia 's biggest copper and gold mine excavating large area of Gobi Desert Expected to account for one third of Mongolia 's economic output by 2020 Some local oppose the mine , others are positive about economic benefits
London  CNN  -- Prix de L'Arc de Triomphe , the Kentucky Derby , the Melbourne Cup ... the leading horse-racing nations of the world all have a showpiece event that makes aficionados and casual observers alike stop in their tracks for 10 short minutes as a nation collectively bates its breath over the winner . But few sporting venues can match the rich history and heritage of Britain 's Royal Ascot . The English racecourse celebrates its tri-centenary this year -- it was founded in 1711 by Queen Anne -- with its 300 years of pageantry , fashion and traditions firmly intact . As well as being one of the most important elite race meetings in the world , this week 's Royal Ascot is the jewel in the crown of the English "  summer season " -- a whirl of society events in the warmest months of the year that includes the likes of rowing 's Henley Royal Regatta and the Wimbledon Tennis Championships . "  To our mind , since the middle of the 19th century Royal Ascot has always been the pinnacle of the whole season , " explains Charles Barnett , chief executive of Ascot Racecourse . "  People like to come out , see their friends , dress up and enjoy a great day at the races . " King Edward VI famously described the races as "  a garden party with racing tacked on . " In fact , many of the classical social occasions that make up the English season are , first and foremost , world-class sporting events . The English season traces its origins back to the 17th century , although its heyday arguably came in the Victorian era . Originally devised to keep everyone entertained while Parliament was still sitting , the season has not only survived into the 21st century , but the events that make up the season are , for the most part , more popular than ever . Purists cite the duration of the season as running from Easter to August 12 , when grouse shooting begins . But it is with Royal Ascot , a perennial favorite of the current Queen Elizabeth II , that the season seems properly to get underway each year . Ascot occupies a distinctive place in British popular culture : it 's no coincidence that Audrey Hepburn 's character in the film "  My Fair Lady " was unveiled as a fully paid-up member of the upper classes at Royal Ascot . The mystique lies in its long association with Britain 's royal family . Nestled in the English countryside just six miles from Windsor Castle , on land still owned by the Crown Estate , successive generations of royal patronage have endowed Ascot with many of its unique traditions . Not least of which is the Queen 's arrival each day by horse-drawn carriage . "  Because it 's effectively an event which is royal , the royal family arrives by carriage , " Barnett says . "  The Queen says ` hello ' to a few people then she goes up into her private box , where she watches racing all day . "  Sometimes she 'll come down and see horses in the parade ring , some days she 'll present prizes , and if she 's got a runner she 'll go down to the pre-parade ring to see them saddled . " Queen Elizabeth has a well-documented interest in all things equestrian , and has been attending Royal Ascot since before her reign began in 1952 . "  The industry 's tremendously pleased that we have a monarch who 's so keen , " Barnett says . "  She 's probably been coming to Royal Ascot more than anybody else ! " Known for her love of racing , the Queen has enjoyed more than 20 winners at the Berkshire course 's blue riband event -- a streak that began with her first victory in the Royal Hunt Cup with Choir Boy in 1952 . The real spectacle of Royal Ascot , however , is arguably the fashion -- in particular the hats . The wearing of hats is another tradition that traces its origins to the royals : it was not considered respectful to have one 's head uncovered in the presence of the monarch . The Queen is often at the center of feverish speculation as to what color and style of hat she will wear on a given day . On Ladies ' Day , the hats often range from the exquisite to the eccentric . As one of the few remaining social occasions that requires ladies to wear hats , in recent years fashionistas have raised the bar with sculptural designs that are works of art in their own right . As the celebrated course celebrates the busiest week of its 300-year history , Barnett knows the eyes of the world will be on Ascot from June 14-18 . "  It 's this fantastic pageant : amazing carriages , wonderful colors , the best thoroughbred horses flashing past , an opportunity for people to dress up in top hat and tails and lovely hats . To me , it is just the best race meeting in the world . "	Britain 's most glamorous horse-racing event celebrates its tri-centenary this week Royal Ascot is the jewel in the crown of the English summer "  season " Queen Elizabeth II has been attending Royal Ascot since before her reign began The real spectacle of Royal Ascot is arguably the fashion -- in particular the hats
Rodney King 's death in June was the result of accidental drowning , although alcohol , cocaine , marijuana and PCP found in his system were contributing factors , authorities said Thursday . King , whose beating by Los Angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera and sparked riots after the acquittal of the four officers involved , was found dead in the swimming pool at his Rialto , California , home on June 17 , authorities and his fiancee said . He was 47 . King was "  in a state of drug and alcohol-induced delirium " and "  either fell or jumped into the swimming pool , " said the autopsy report released by the San Bernardino County coroner Thursday . Family , friends remember Rodney King at funeral "  The effects of the drugs and alcohol , combined with the subject 's heart condition , probably precipitated a cardiac arrhythmia and the subject , thus incapacitated , was unable to save himself and drowned , " the autopsy summary said . "  There is nothing in the history or autopsy examination to suggest suicide or homicide , and the manner of death is therefore judged to be accident . " No foul play is suspected and the police investigation of his death is closed , Rialto Police Capt. Randy De Anda told CNN . The autopsy findings are consistent with the police investigation 's conclusion , De Anda said . Timeline of events in Rodney King 's life King 's fiancee , Cynthia Kelly , found him at the bottom of the pool and called 911 for help at 5:25 a.m. on that Sunday morning , police said . Police removed him from the pool and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation until paramedics arrived . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital , police said . Kelly , who was a juror in King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles in 1994 , told police that King was an "  avid swimmer " but that she was not , De Anda said . Kelley told investigators King was "  heavily intoxicated , " and she went to sleep at 2:45 a.m. while he was still awake and drinking . She later "  woke up to hear the subject pounding on the closed rear patio sliding glass door , " the autopsy report said . "  She described him making grunting and growling sounds and have frothy secretions coming from his mouth . " King yelled to his girlfriend "  Baby come and help me , " according to the report . "  The subject at that time was wearing his underwear down around his knees and then apparently fell backwards into the planter on the plant covering just east of the patio sliding glass door , " it said . Kelley went back into the home to get her cell phone to call 911 for help , but she then "  heard a splash in the pool and went out to the backyard to find the subject face down on the bottom of the deep end of the pool , " it said . "  The girlfriend was not a good swimmer so she used a pitchfork and a hoe from the backyard to try to jab at the subject to arouse him . " King 's brother , Zhan Paul King , told investigators that King has "  been doing very well and was happy " as he traveled to promote a book for the 20th anniversary of the Los Angeles riots . He "  seemed to have his life in order , " the coroner 's report said . He said his brother "  was no longer abusing hardcore street drugs or using Phencyclidine  PCP  , " the report said . PCP was among the combination of drugs found in his blood during the autopsy . Nearly a year after the rioting in Los Angeles , four officers stood trial in federal court on civil rights charges . Two were found guilty and sentenced to 30 months in prison , and two were acquitted . King also sued the city of Los Angeles and was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . Comments : ` Rodney King had demons . But called them his own '	King yelled "  Baby come and help me " before falling in the pool , the autopsy report says Autopsy says Rodney King was "  in a state of drug and alcohol-induced delirium " when he died King 's fiancee found him at the bottom of a swimming pool and called for help , police say 1991 beating by Los Angeles police sparked riots after four officers involved were acquitted
CNN  -- Iwao Hakamada holds the most dubious of records : Convicted of a 1966 quadruple murder , he is the world 's longest-serving death row inmate , according to Amnesty International . That record was capped Thursday when , after almost 48 years , a local court reopened Hakamada 's case , Amnesty and Japanese media reported . The Shizuoka District Court suspended his death sentence and released Hakamada after DNA testing indicated key evidence against him may have been fabricated , reported NHK , the Japanese public broadcasting organization . The court said keeping him detained any longer would be unjust , NHK reported . Prosecutors have four days to appeal the court 's ruling , but Amnesty International 's East Asia research director said it would be "  most callous and unfair " to challenge the court 's decision . "  Time is running out for Hakamada to receive the fair trial he was denied more than four decades ago , " Roseann Rife said . "  If ever there was a case that merits a retrial , this is it . Hakamada was convicted on the basis of a forced confession , and there remain unanswered questions over recent DNA evidence . " NHK video showed several men in blue uniforms , some wearing surgical masks , escorting the 78-year-old former pro boxer out of a Tokyo detention center Thursday . Hunched forward and wearing a yellow , short-sleeved button-down , Hakamada entered a silver van . He was accompanied by his sister , Hideko Hakamada , who earlier attended a rally outside the court in which several dozen supporters broke into emphatic applause when a man unfurled a sign saying , "  Retrial granted . " An emotional Hideko Hakamada told the crowd , "  Thank you very much . I am very pleased . I am very thankful with everyone 's support , " according to the NHK footage . Iwao Hakamada was convicted in 1966 of killing his boss at a soybean processing company , along with the boss 's wife and two children , Amnesty said . "  Hakamada ` confessed ' after 20 days of interrogation by police . He retracted the confession during the trial and told the court that police had beaten and threatened him , " Amnesty said . "  According to his lawyers , recent forensic tests show no match between Hakamada 's DNA and samples taken from clothing the prosecution alleges was worn by the murderer . " District Court Judge Hiroaki Murayama , who handled the retrial proceeding , said DNA test results indicated blood found on five items of clothing allegedly worn by the culprit was not Hakamada 's , according to Kyodo News . Like most death row inmates in Japan , Hakamada was largely held in solitary confinement during his 48 years in prison . His mental health has deteriorated as a result of the decades he spent isolated , Amnesty said . Related story : Life in a box Hakamada 's case marks the sixth time a death row inmate in Japan has earned a retrial , and courts overturned death sentences in four of the five previous cases , NHK reported . Hakamada 's case comes just weeks after Louisiana 's longest-serving inmate , Glenn Ford , left the State Penitentiary at Angola after almost 30 years in prison . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Iwao Hakamada served 48 years in prison for murders of his boss and boss 's family Court granted him a retrial , saying some evidence may have been fabricated Amnesty international says he was beaten and threatened into confessing in 1966 78-year-old ex-boxer 's mental state deteriorated because of isolation , Amnesty says
CNN  Lane Bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor . The plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel , seeking to "  redefine sexy . " In a commercial posted on You Tube , a group of plus-size models show off the bras and panties while saying things like "  How boring would it be if we were all the same ? " and "  It 's all about how you feel . " The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria 's Secret and its very popular Angels line , which caters to smaller women . The lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words "  Perfect Body " over images of slender supermodels , and Business Insider reports that it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes . Lane Bryant 's campaign is getting positive buzz in social media land , with the company being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes . "  Our ' #ImNoAngel ' campaign is designed to empower ALL women to love every part of herself , " Chief Executive Officer Linda Heasley said in a statement . "  Lane Bryant firmly believes that she is sexy and we want to encourage her to confidently show it , in her own way . " The ads will be featured in the company 's stores , on television , in print and on billboards , as well as featured on the brand 's social media accounts .	The company says it is seeking to "  redefine sexy " Victoria 's Secret was criticized for its "  Perfect Body " campaign
CNN  -- South African athletics officials have rallied behind controversial new running star Caster Semenya , who won the women 's world 800 meters title just hours after the sport 's governing body asked for the 18-year-old 's gender to be verified . Semenya celebrates her gold , which came just hours after the IAAF called for a gender test on the athlete . Semenya crushed her rivals by streaking away to secure victory in a time of one minute 55.45 seconds -- the best in the world this year and more than eight seconds quicker than her fastest effort of 2008 . She finished more than two seconds clear of second-placed Kenyan Janeth Jepkosgei , the 2007 champion . However , the race was run amid controversy following the announcement by the International Amateur Athletics Federation  IAAF  . Have your say : What 's your opinion on the IAAF 's decision ? Semenya 's masculine build fueled rumors , but the South Africa team manager said there should be no dispute . "  Even the ID that she has , the passport , says she is a female , " Phiwe Mlangeni-Tsholetsane told CNN by phone from Berlin on Thursday . "  There was no cheating on our part , or even on the part of the athlete . " She said Semenya was not bothered by the questions over her gender and was simply focusing on improving her times . "  If there are tests being done , we accept that . We ca n't stop that , " Mlangeni-Tsholetsane said . "  We have nothing to hide . " Meanwhile , Semenya received her gold medal in the podium ceremony on Thursday , receiving a warm ovation from the crowd in the Berlin Olympic Stadium . Dressed in the yellow and green track suit of South Africa , Semenya mouthed the words of their national anthem as her country 's flag was raised . Results from the IAAF 's planned tests are not expected to be known in the near future . "  The gender verification test is an extremely complex procedure , " said IAAF spokesman Nick Davies -- who revealed the question of Semenya 's gender was first raised after her astonishing African Junior Championships displays . "  In the case of this athlete , following her breakthrough in the African Junior Championships , the rumors , the gossip were starting to build up , " Davies told reporters . Semenya declined to take part in the scheduled post-race interview , reported South African tabloid Sowetan , and her place was taken by IAAF general secretary Pierre Weiss . "  The investigations will take some days or weeks and I 'm not a doctor to give a conclusive answer on her gender . But we know her as a woman , " Pierre said . Athletics South Africa president Leonard Chuene accused South African media of trying to "  destroy " Semenya , according to Sowetan -- which described the runner as "  our golden girl . " "  They have their own agenda and I can tell you that they will not succeed , " Chuene said . "  This girl has been to African youth championships and other international events , and why was this issue not raised then ? "  Why now ? Is it because she is not an athlete they were expecting to do well in her maiden appearance in the senior championships ? " Her father Jacob Semenya told the paper before the race that the accusations were unfounded . "  She is my little girl . I raised her and I have never doubted her gender . She is a woman and I can repeat that a million times , " he said on Wednesday .	NEW : Caster Semenya receives gold medal in ceremony Thursday South African athletics officials rally behind controversial new women 's star Semenya scored runaway victory in women 's 800 meters title race She ran in the final after ruling body asked for gender test on the teenager The 18-year-old 's father also insists that she is female
CNN  -- Lady Gaga -- the flamboyant and provocative New York-based pop singer -- has been removed from a Chinese government blacklist , allowing her chart-topping new album "  ARTPOP " to go on sale legally in China . But Chinese censors have placed conditions on the album art , inflating a large ball between her legs to cover more of the naked singer 's body and adding a pair of black tights to the singer 's bare legs . The cover of her latest album was designed by the American artist Jeff Koons , who specializes in garish and kitsch representations of the banal and everyday . Chinese officials also changed one song title , transforming "  Sexxx Dreams " to "  X Dreams . " Following a multi-platform promotional blitz -- which included Lady Gaga wearing a "  flying dress " made from a large hovering drone-like contraption -- "  ARTPOP " shot to the top of the US charts in November , selling 258,000 copies in its first week . But in China , the pop diva 's songs had been on a blacklist since 2011 , when the Culture Ministry deemed her work to be "  creating confusion in the order of the online music market , and damaging the nation 's cultural security . " Singling out songs from her album "  Born this Way , " Chinese authorities identified six Gaga tracks -- "  The Edge of Glory , " "  Hair , " "  Marry the Night , " "  Americano , " "  Judas " and "  Bloody Mary " -- as among 100 foreign songs to be placed on a blacklist . Katy Perry 's "  Last Friday Night " and the Backstreet Boys ' "  I Want It That Way " were also included in the sweep . The ministry at the time said that foreign songs would be subject to the same censorship requirements as domestic artists . All albums for release must be screened by the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television . Lady Gaga last week responded with enthusiasm to the lifting of the ban on her Twitter feed . "  China has been given the go ahead singer I 'm so excited !!!! The Chinese Government approved ` ARTPOP ' to be released in China with all 15 songs ! Next I hope I can come to perform ! , " she said on her Twitter account . While copies of the album have been available in pirate form on the streets and in Beijing 's Sanlitun district -- identified by the Motion Picture Association of America  MPAA  as a key location for the distribution of counterfeit films and music -- Lady Gaga 's distributor Universal Music China was coy about the ban . "  I do n't think ban is the way to put it , " a spokeswoman told CNN . "  All Lady Gaga 's albums are on sale in China . The newest one is already on sale . " Posters on China 's lively social media site Sina Weibo were typically mordant about the lifting of the ban . " ' X Dream ' implies the ` China Dream ' , " said one poster , in reference to Chinese President Xi Jinping 's slogan about the country pursuing the ` Chinese Dream . ' "  That must be why those high up in the administration have given it a special pass . " Others , however , were more direct in their criticism . "  Ca n't stand it , ca n't believe the black tights , has China become a Islamic country ? " said one poster labeled Shen Qiaozi .	China removes Lady Gaga from a blacklist slapped on foreign artists in 2011 Censors modify the album art to cover more of the singer 's naked body Chinese officials also change one song title , transforming "  Sexxx Dreams " to "  X Dreams " Her "  ARTPOP " album shot to the top of the US charts in November
New York  CNN  -- Demonstrators took their shouts for an end to what they say is widespread and unchecked police brutality to an NBA arena in Washington , a famed department store in New York , a well-known Ivy League commercial spot and to roads where they often brought traffic and passersby to a stop . Streets in major cities throughout the United States -- Boston , Chicago , Miami and New Orleans , among them -- filled again Friday night with protesters . And while crowds appeared to be smaller than previous nights , marchers were just as passionate about their voices being heard . One sign held by a young black man in Washington read simply : "  I could be next . " The protests are a response to the decision Wednesday by a New York grand jury not to charge police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Eric Garner during his Staten Island arrest , which was captured on cell phone video . They come a week after another decision not to indict by a grand jury in St. Louis County , Missouri , examining the killing of African-American teenager Michael Brown by a white police officer . In New York , protesters in the rain passed out a list of demands to the media regarding the Garner death in July . The top demands were for all officers involved to be fired , for a special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate all complaints of excessive force and for the state Legislature to make a chokehold punishable by significant penalties . A die-in at Macy 's Earlier , Eric Garner 's daughter Erica told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that she wanted to see people punished for her father 's killing . "  Justice to me is basically doing what 's right , " she said . "  I would n't be happy with  Pantaleo  just losing his job or being suspended or still getting paid . I would n't want that . I would want him to face time in jail . " She said that anyone who contributed to her father 's death should go to prison . Protesters flooded Macy 's iconic Herald Square location and staged a die-in as holiday shoppers looked on . Later , the flood of demonstrators shut off Times Square to traffic for 10 minutes before the crowd headed down 42nd Street , shouting , "  This is what democracy looks like . " They stopped again in Bryant Park and ringed a set of shops . Many of the workers in those stores came out and , in support , raised their hands in the air . It was also a short stop , as the crowd set off up Sixth Avenue , traversing against the flow of yellow cabs and other cars . A cacophony of car horns greeted the protesters and cabbies also held their hands out the window to give their approval . Only about 50 people protested in Chicago , but they marched with few breaks for hours . In Washington , the demonstrators held several four-minute long silent die-ins to empathize with the family of Michael Brown , a Missouri teenager who lie in the street for four hours after he was fatally shot by a police officer . "  I 'm not an angry black man . I 'm an outraged , hurt black man , " one of the protest organizers told CNN . Six protesters shouted "  Hands up , do n't shoot " inside the Verizon Center before an NBA game between the Washington Wizards and the Denver Nuggets . Near Boston -- site of one of the largest demonstrations of the night -- a mass of protesters staged a die-in , several dozen of them blocking an intersection by lying on the road . As many as 1,000 people were marching Friday evening from Tufts University in Somerville , Massachusetts , near Boston to Harvard Square , according to a police estimate . "  People who do n't already realize what is happening , maybe they will open their minds a little bit or people that do realize and do n't care will realize that people are angry and it 's not OK , " Nicole , a Boston demonstrator who would n't give her last name , told CNN affiliate WHDH when asked why she marches . ` So many people realize this is a problem ' Those who turned out to protest were a mix of ages and races . Chuck Helms , a 67-year-old New Jersey resident , marched in New York clad in a union-issue hard hat and satin Occupy Wall Street jacket . A sign dangling around his neck said , "  Remembering my brothers . BLACK LIVES MATTER . " The sign included photographs of Eric Garner , Trayvon Martin , Tamir Rice and Akai Gurley -- all black men whose controversial deaths made headlines . Gurley was shot dead last month by a police officer in a dark stairwell of a New York housing project . Brooklyn DA : Grand jury to investigate shooting of unarmed man "  It 's a shame that people have to die for us to become focused , " Helms said . At least two people in New York were detained by police , who will not report on arrests until Saturday morning . In Chicago , Elizabeth Huston , a paralegal , joined in for the first time . "  So many people realize this is a problem . This is disproportionally affecting black men and women , " she said . In Cleveland , protesters there marched over the death of Tamir , 12 , who police say had a lifelike air gun and did n't comply with an officer 's commands . "  CPD what do you say ? How many kids have you killed today , " they yelled . Cleveland cop who shot 12-year-old slammed for ` immaturity ' in past job The family of Tamir filed a wrongful death suit Friday against police over the killing , according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer . Growing movement The demand for change in how law enforcement deals with minorities has been broad , with protests involving untold thousands of demonstrators from coast to coast , in towns both large and small . "  It 's happening in every city , every town . It 's happening here in Pittsburgh , " Julia Johnson told CNN affiliate WPXI on Thursday . In many ways , it appears to be based on the Occupy Wall Street movement , which generated protests in New York and elsewhere in 2011 over inequality , corporate influence and other issues . The largely leaderless and underground movement is using social media to organize protests , which have morphed from a wide-ranging agenda to a tight focus on the issue of police violence against black men . The mostly peaceful protests shared many similarities with the protests of the Civil Rights era -- marches , signs , civil disobedience . One Asian-American protester felt inspired by the 1960s marches , but said she believes that struggle shows change will take a long time . "  If you think about the civil rights movement , it took 10 years for anything to happen between the protests and the boycotts of the buses to the actual Civil Rights Act , " she said . Author and CNN commentator Michaela Angela Davis was marching in a mixed crowd of mostly white students chanting "  black lives matter . " The blocked streets did n't bother her so much . It 's democracy , she said . "  I feel like we are seeing the American project at work . It is messy ; it is difficult . " NYC officials : Fewer complaints against police Meanwhile , New York officials said that complaints against police officers had fallen significantly in the second half of the year , compared with July to November 2013 . A report that tallied complaints said 1,813 were made so far since July 1 of this year , 26 % less than the number of complaints filed with the Civilian Complaint Review Board in the same period of the prior year . Excessive force allegations fell by 29 % . The dip followed a slight rise in the first six months of the year , but , overall , allegations have declined in 2014 . "  Over the past 11 months , my administration has implemented a series of initiatives and reforms aimed at bridging the gap between the NYPD and the communities they serve , " Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a written statement . "  From ending the overuse of stop and frisk , to dropping the city 's legal challenge to the racial profiling ban , to changing the department 's policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , we 're steadily bringing crime down while drawing police and community closer together . " CNN 's Ray Sanchez reported from New York , Athena Jones reported from Washington and Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta . Michael Pearson , Bill Kirkos , Dave Alsup , Ben Brumfield , Jason Carroll , Ralph Ellis , Dan Merica , Dana Ford and Greg Botelho and Melanie Whitney contributed to this report .	Daughter of Eric Garner says officers should go to prison Demonstrators marching in New York hand out list of demands that starts with police firings About 1,000 people in one protest in Boston area , police estimate Protests came after jury opted not to indict officer who put Garner in a chokehold
CNN  Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan phoned former military leader Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday to concede defeat in Nigeria 's presidential elections , Buhari 's party says . Jonathan acknowledged the phone call and his defeat in a written statement to his countrymen . "  I thank all Nigerians once again for the great opportunity I was given to lead this country and assure you that I will continue to do my best at the helm of national affairs until the end of my tenure , " he said . The Independent National Electoral Commission is still announcing the final tally in the polls , but early numbers indicate Buhari , now the President-elect , has an overwhelming majority of votes . Buhari ruled Nigeria from late 1983 until August 1985 after ousting his predecessor in a coup . His 20-month rule was known for what he described as a "  war on indiscipline , " a tough regime that some say was marred by human rights abuses . The 72-year-old retired major general 's experience as a military ruler has variably been viewed as a plus or minus in present-day Nigeria , where the government has been locked in a deadly battle with the militant group Boko Haram . His campaign has focused on security and ending corruption in Nigeria . Read more : Who is Nigeria 's Muhammadu Buhari ? Violent protests after elections Saturday sparked calls for calm from the two main candidates and a warning by the United States and Britain against political interference . Demonstrators fired gunshots and torched a local electoral office in Nigeria 's oil-rich Rivers state on Sunday as they marched to protest the elections amid claims of vote-rigging and voter intimidation . After the protests in Rivers , Buhari 's All Progressives Congress demanded the elections there be canceled . "  There 's been so much violence in Rivers state that it 's just not tenable , " party spokesman Lai Mohammed said . But the People 's Democratic Party disputed the accusation , saying the election was "  credible and the result reflects the overwhelming wish of the people of Rivers state to support President Goodluck Jonathan . " Both candidates took to social media to call for calm . "  I want to urge all Nigerians to also wait patiently for the Independent National Electoral Commission , INEC , to collate and announce results , " Jonathan said on his Facebook account . "  Fellow Nigerians , I urge you to exercise patience and vigilance as we wait for all results to be announced , " Buhari said on Twitter . Jonathan and Buhari last week issued a pledge reaffirming their commitment to "  free , fair and credible elections " after their signing of the Abuja Accord in January . In his statement Tuesday , Jonathan said ; "  I promised the country free and fair elections . I have kept my word . " He advised anyone upset with the results to follow due process and stay away from further violence . "  As I have always affirmed , nobody 's ambition is worth the blood of any Nigerian . The unity , stability and progress of our dear country is more important than anything else , " he said . Read more : Democracy was the real winner More than 800 people were killed in post-election violence across Nigeria 's north in 2011 after charges that those elections were illegitimate . Nigeria 's vote had been scheduled for February 14 , but on February 7 , Nigeria 's election commission announced it would be postponed for six weeks because of security concerns , with the military needing more time to secure areas controlled by Boko Haram . The controversial decision was unpopular among many Nigerians and led to widespread protests . Jonathan has been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram , which is waging a campaign of terror aimed at instituting a stricter version of Sharia law in Nigeria . On Saturday , residents in the northeastern state of Gombe said at least 11 people were killed and two more injured in attacks at polling stations , apparently by Boko Haram extremists . CNN 's Christian Purefoy reported from Lagos , Nigeria , while CNN 's Susannah Cullinane and Stephanie Busari wrote from London .	Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan acknowledges defeat , says he delivered on promise of fair elections Muhammadu Buhari 's party says Jonathan called to concede even before final results are announced Buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general who ruled in Nigeria in the 1980s
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- Raymond J. Clark III , charged with murder in the death of Yale graduate student Annie Le , was smart , amiable and loved his dog , say those who knew him . Raymond Clark III was arrested Thursday and charged with murder in the death of Annie Le . One researcher said he often went by the lab in the Yale School of Medicine building where Le was found strangled and stuffed in a wall . Lufeng Zhang worked with Clark , he said , and thinks the police may have the wrong man . "  He 's a nice man , always , " he said . Clark , 24 , the same age as Le , was a technician in the school of medicine 's Animal Resources Center . While Le , who was pursuing a doctorate in pharmacology , conducted experiments on mice , Clark took care of the rodents and cleaned their cages . Police will not say whether Clark and Le were acquainted or why they homed in on Clark after Le went missing September 8 , less than a week before she was scheduled to marry a Columbia University graduate student who was her college sweetheart . Watch police announce arrest " "  They work in the same building , passed in the hallways , " New Haven Police Chief James Lewis said of Le and Clark . "  Anything beyond that , I wo n't talk about . " Though details of the investigation are scant , police said they arrested Clark on Thursday and charged him with Le 's murder after collecting more than 250 pieces of evidence . Clark was an honor student at Branford High School in suburban New Haven . He graduated in 2004 , and according to the school 's yearbook , he was a member of the Asian Awareness Club his senior year . High school friend Lisa Heselin remembers Clark "  as a jokester , kind of a class clown , " she said . "  Everybody knew him . Everybody liked him . " She and others who knew Clark in high school are shocked that he was arrested in connection with Le 's murder , she said . Watch what acquaintances say about Clark " "  They ca n't believe it , and then , of course , you 're reminiscing , like , ` Oh my God , remember when we went over to his house and we all hung out ? ' You do n't expect somebody you grew up with to be involved in something like this , " Heselin said . Maurice Perry , who said he has been friends with Clark since first grade , told CNN on Thursday night that he does n't believe his longtime pal is guilty . "  This is not the Raymond Clark that I know , " he said . "  I 've known him so long , I just ca n't picture him doing something like this . " Asked if he ever knew Clark to be violent , Perry replied , "  Not at all . I 've known him to be outgoing , happy , athletic , fun . Violent , not at all . " Most of his current neighbors in Middletown , about 30 miles northeast of New Haven , said they moved in after Clark or knew him only in passing . Many said he shared the second-floor apartment with his girlfriend and a dog . Police said he drove a Ford Mustang , which was seized as evidence . Neighbor Ashley Rowe described Clark as "  decent " and said he asked a lot of questions when he spoke to people and wanted to know their full names and where they were from . Rowe also remembered the first time she met his dog . "  His dog was very excited and he was just like , ` Oh , do n't worry . He 's friendly . ' You could pet him , " she said . "  Pretty much , he just loved his dog and he walked around with his dog all the time . " Police arrived at his apartment Tuesday night to collect DNA samples and released him into the custody of his lawyer early Wednesday . Neighbors say they did n't see him return to the apartment . See investigation 's timeline " Clark was arrested early Thursday at a Super 8 motel in nearby Cromwell . There were reports that Clark was scheduled to wed his roommate and girlfriend , Jennifer Hromadka , also a lab technician in Yale 's Animal Resources Center , in December 2011 . CNN could not confirm the report , and an Internet wedding page purportedly announcing the impending nuptials had been taken down Thursday . Hromadka 's MySpace page was private as of Tuesday evening , but several media outlets reported she had posted messages about Clark last year after hearing a "  rumor of a fling . " "  My boyfriend , Ray , if you do n't know him , has no interest in any of the other girls at -LSB- the Yale Animal Resources Center -RSB- as anything more than friends , " she reportedly wrote . She said Clark had a "  big heart " and tried to see the best in people , even if he did n't always make the best decisions . "  He is a bit naive , does n't always use the best judgment , definitely is not the best judge of character , but he is a good guy , " she reportedly wrote . "  He thinks everyone deserves a second chance and has a hard time hurting people 's feelings , and it takes him getting burned to learn . " Watch reporter , profiler discuss case " Perry , Clark 's friend since first grade , said he had n't spoken to Clark in some time , but would send him a letter . "  I have always wanted to catch up with him , but I did n't want this to happen for me to try to find out how he was doing , " he said . Clark is being held on $ 3 million bond , Lewis said , but he would not provide details of what prompted Clark 's arrest or whether DNA linked Clark to Le 's murder . He said Clark 's arrest warrant was sealed , so he was prohibited from discussing the evidence . Yale President Richard Levin said the school 's administration is "  relieved " by the news of an arrest , but warned , "  We must resist the temptation to rush to judgment . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Mary Snow , Tom Foreman and Larry King contributed to this report .	NEW : Longtime friend says Raymond Clark III "  outgoing , happy , athletic , fun " Another friend says she remembers him "  as a jokester , kind of a class clown " Clark charged with murder of Annie Le , who was found dead on her wedding day Girlfriend reportedly defended Clark on MySpace after "  rumor of a fling " last year
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Sharpshooters from Russia and Georgia embraced Sunday after earning medals for their countries , which have been teetering on the brink of war since the Beijing Summer Olympics kicked off last week . Russia 's Natalia Paderina and Georgia 's Nino Salukvadze hugged after winning Olympic silver and bronze medals , respectively , in the women 's 10-meter air pistol competition . The rivals kissed each other on the cheek after standing on the medal podium with China 's Guo Wenjun , who won the gold medal in the event . Waving flower bouquets high , the women smiled broadly at the audience . "  If the world were to draw any lessons from what I did , there would never be any wars , " Salukvadze , 39 , said afterward , according to media reports . The reports described the two as friends . Georgia said it launched an operation in South Ossetia on Thursday after artillery fire from separatists killed 10 people . Russia , whose forces entered the republic Friday , accuses Georgia of plotting to wipe out Ossetians loyal to Russia . Georgia says Russia merely wants control of an oil pipeline . Before Sunday , Paderina and Salukvadze had competed against each other several times , including at the 2004 Athens Summer Olympics ; the 2005 European Championships in Tallinn , Estonia ; the 2006 World Championships in Zagreb , Croatia ; and the 2008 European Championships in Winterthur , Switzerland . Salukvadze 's bronze medal marked the first for her country in these Games . She won a silver medal in the same event two decades ago at the Olympics in Seoul , South Korea , where she also took home a gold for the 25-meter pistol competition . Salukvadze was a member of the then-Soviet Union 's 1988 Olympic shooting team . Sunday 's silver medal was first in an Olympics for Paderina , 32 . Despite reports that the Georgia Olympic delegation might return home , team spokesman Giorgi Tchanishvili said Sunday the athletes would stay and compete , according to The Associated Press . Tchanishvili said that the competitors were ready to leave China if it would help the situation back home , but that Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili sent a message saying the athletes should remain at the Games , AP reported . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Reports : Sharpshooter says if world learns lesson , "  there would never be any wars " Russian , Georgian share hug , kiss after winning silver , bronze medals in pistol event Georgia 's Nino Salukvadze won medal in 1988 as part of then-Soviet Union squad Salukvadze , Natalia Paderina will face off in another pistol event this week
CNN  -- 350,000 followers agree : no one does selfies quite like NASA . It 's the year of the "  selfie " and the year that social media-transmitted self portraits were taken to new heights , with the arrival of U.S. space agency NASA on Instagram . In less than three months , the space agency has accumulated over 350,000 followers and given them an incredible insight into the day-to-day lives of astronauts and Nasa 's work unraveling the mysteries of the universe . NASA launched the account on September 6 -- promising to take its fans on "  an out-of-this-world journey through images of Earth and beyond " -- and soon spawned a slew of viral trends . The account 's first post highlighted the launch of the agency 's LADEE research robot . But the spacecraft 's lift-off threw up some unexpected results in the form of an ill-fated photobomber , soon to be known as #nasafrog . New photographs from NASA 's satelites and spacecraft have spread across the internet , too -- a fresh view of Saturn making headlines -- in addition to candid scenes aboard the International Space Station . Three months in , the account is going strong , picking up hundred more followers each day . And that 's as good an excuse as any to have another gawk at 15 of the most awe-inspiring , incredible and moving NASA Instagram photos so far .	NASA arrived on Instagram on 6 September and has already gained over 350,000 followers Photos from the account have gone viral , including one of a frog flying through the air Take a look at the incredible images shared by the space agency so far
CNN  -- The four-member crew that will fly the final space shuttle mission to end an era arrived Monday at Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Commander Chris Ferguson , pilot Doug Hurley and mission specialists Sandy Magnus and Rex Walheim flew in on two T-38 jets to begin final preparations for the flight on space shuttle Atlantis , scheduled for liftoff at 11:26 a.m. Friday , according to the NASA website . "  I think I speak for the whole crew in that we are delighted to be here after a very arduous nine-month training flow , and we 're thrilled to finally be here in Florida for launch week , " Ferguson said before the four crew members were transported to the Astronaut Crew Quarters . They will spend the next few days training and and being with their families before liftoff . The 12-day mission will be the 135th and final flight of the space shuttle program . Atlantis is scheduled to deliver spare parts and supplies to the international space station to help keep the orbital lab going , NASA said . It also will fly an experimental rig to test tools and techniques to robotically refuel satellites in space , according to the agency . After the shuttle program is grounded , NASA plans to temporarily use Russian spacecraft to ferry NASA astronauts to the space station .	Atlantis is to blast off at 11:26 a.m. Friday The 12-day mission will be the final flight for NASA 's shuttle program Atlantis will deliver spare parts to space station
CNN  -- Google expanded the digital world of cloud computing on Tuesday , announcing the rollout of "  Google Drive . " The service , which will give users 5GB of free remote storage and additional space for a monthly fee , puts the Web giant in competition with Apple and Microsoft , as well as specialized services like Box and Dropbox , in a space that increasingly looks like the future of computing . "  This is really just the next step in the evolution of Google Cloud , " Scott Johnston , group product manager for Google Drive , told CNN . "  It 's really letting people live more in the cloud by connecting them more easily with all the devices they have . " Google Cloud already lets users store e-mail and other documents . Cloud computing allows users to store documents and files , even large ones , on remote servers . Its promise is to make storage space on physical hard drives less important , as well as making it easier to seamlessly share , either with others or between multiple devices like laptops , phones and tablets . "  Google Drive is everywhere you are -- on the web , in your home , at the office and on the go , " reads Google 's promotional page for the service . "  So wherever you are , your stuff is just ... there . Ready to go , ready to share . " Google Drive will launch with an Android app for smartphones and tablets running Google 's mobile operating system and in conjunction with 20 third-party apps . As one might expect with a Google product , a big feature of Google Drive is a search feature that will allow users to comb through more than 30 types of files , such as Google docs or PDFs . There 's also a limited image-search feature , driven by Google Goggles technology , that can recognize famous faces and landmarks , such as Mount Everest . The service will immediately be available for PCs and Macs , as well as Android . iPhone and iPad availability is promised soon . Users may upgrade to 25GB of storage for as little as $ 2.50 a month , Google says . As more computer users are accessing the Web or doing work on multiple devices , cloud storage has rapidly evolved as a popular alternative to hard drives . Just this week , Microsoft expanded its SkyDrive product , offering up to 100GB of storage and adding access for the iPhone , iPad and Windows phones . Apple 's iCloud service has been available since last June and , according to Apple , has more than 100 million users . And Dropbox , the leading independent cloud-storage service , reportedly has racked up another 50 million . Some observers are dinging Google for being late to expand its cloud offerings . "  Google Drive is a late entrant to the file sharing space and is no doubt a direct response to the success and popularity that consumer file sync services are experiencing , " said Jesse Lipson , vice-president of data-sharing at Citrix . "  The addition of Google Drive to the cloud storage landscape will make it even more competitive but with Apple , Amazon and Microsoft having offered services for some time , most providers have already got used to swimming with sharks and not getting eaten . " But others say that with a player as major as Google , even a late entrance in the market will have an impact . "  Google Drive is significant because now all Google account holders have one click signup to free file storage , sync and sharing , which has the potential to quickly build a large volume of users , " said Forrester Research analyst Frank Gillett . "  Integration with Google Docs/Apps and eventually with Gmail will make it more natural and seamless than managing from a separate account ... so , Google Drive will cause more individuals to begin using personal cloud services and more companies , those that use Google Apps , to use cloud-based file sync and sharing . " CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Google rolls out ` Google Drive ' cloud service Tuesday Users will get 5GB of storage for free , more for a monthly fee The service will compete with Apple , Microsoft and services like Dropbox
CNN  -- He was a Formula One driver who transcended his sport and even 20 years after his death , Ayrton Senna commands the adoration of fans across the world . This week marks the anniversary of the crash at the Imola Circuit in Italy which took the life of the Brazilian driver , just 24 hours after Austria 's Roland Ratzenberger had suffered the same fate . Tributes have poured in for both drivers , with a memorial service held at the track which claimed the lives of both men on Thursday . A collection of motorsport legends past and present were in attendance , where a minute 's silence was observed at 14:17 local time -- the exact time of Senna 's accident two decades earlier . Fans paid their own tributes to Senna , with many laying floral tributes at the feet of the bronze statue of the triple world champion which sits near the section of the track where he crashed . Senna 's passing was the last time a driver has died as a result of a crash at a grand prix , in a sport which in its formative decades had become infamous for driver fatalities . "  Senna was very important for Formula One , as a driver and a person and his death led to a rapid acceleration in the process of increasing the level of safety in our sport , " Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen told the sport 's official website . "  That has avoided other tragedies from occurring . Unfortunately however , one can not change the past , neither for Ayrton nor for Roland Ratzenberger . "  The only thing we can do is remember this champion , whose exploits defined the history of Formula One for a long time . " The Imola Circuit will be open until Sunday for the public to pay their respects to the drivers . In Brazil , Senna 's grave in the city of Sao Paulo was adorned with wreaths and bright bouquets . He was laid to rest in the Morumbi Cemetery . Senna 's sister Viviane , unveiled an Azul Brazilian airline aircraft with the colors of Senna 's iconic yellow helmet on its nose . Vivianne is the head of the Ayrton Senna Institute , which partners with major corporations to give educational opportunities to millions of children across Brazil . Brazilian football team Corinthians paid tribute to one of the country 's most famous sporting icons by walking out onto the pitch in replicas of Senna 's brightly-colored helmet ahead of Wednesday 's match against National AM .	The 20th anniversary of the death of Ayrton Senna marked across the world The triple world champion died following at crash at the Imola Circuit in 1994 Legends of motorsport flocked to the track to pay their respects to Senna Austrian driver Roland Ratzenberger died the before Senna
CNN  -- With cups of tea and cucumber sandwiches at the ready , the Vatican has launched itself into the international sporting arena -- with the formation of the new St. Peter 's Cricket Club . Organizers hope the team will take on challengers from the Church of England and other faiths , while inspiring legions of believers and cricket fans around the world . The refreshments were the backdrop to Tuesday 's announcement of the club 's formation by the Pontifical Council for Culture , with a little help from Australia . John McCarthy , Australia 's ambassador to the Holy See , has been a driving force behind bringing a game that he acknowledges is baffling to many to the Vatican . "  They were wondering what this ` cricket ' is , as to whether it 's a game , or an insect or both , " he joked in an interview for Vatican Radio . "  But can I say that there was fairly ready recognition of the fact that there is a very prominent position by this sport in the East ...  and  in the English-speaking world , and that there are many priests and seminarians in Rome who have played cricket and want to play cricket . Many in Rome would like to see their newly fledged team play the Church of England , McCarthy said . He anticipates discussions soon aimed at arranging a match between the two sides in England -- a game that could prompt a rivalry not seen since the Church of England split from the Roman Catholic Church nearly 500 years ago . Fans will no doubt hope that game is played at Lord 's Cricket Ground in London , known as the home of cricket . Members of the new club are expected to play in the yellow and white Vatican colors , with the keys of St. Peter as their emblem . And both sides may end up praying for divine intervention if the umpire does n't call in their favor . McCarthy also sees the Vatican club as having a wider reach . "  Cricket as a sport is something that covers many , many religions and ethnic groups ... the Vatican could play the Hindus , they could play the Muslims , they could play the Sikhs , " he told Vatican Radio . "  Internationally one would have a team that represented the Vatican , the Holy See , that was drawn from India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Australia , England , New Zealand , South Africa and the West Indies -- what an international team that would be . "  And it would obviously generate a lot of interest with the faithful who are both faithful to the church and faithful to cricket in various areas of the world . " Some students have already been warming up with a series of matches in Rome , McCarthy said . But the wider program is not expected to come into play until next year , when the club hopes to have a team ready for international sporting events . And it 's not just the priests who can get in on the sporting action . The organizers are also looking for nuns who may have wielded a cricket bat in the past to join a women 's XI , or team . "  They are looking for Sri Lankan , Indian and Pakistani sisters who have played cricket , and if they are found , they certainly will be invited to join the cricket club , " said McCarthy . "  There 's certainly no intention not to have a women 's cricket team at the Vatican . " CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Vatican announces the formation of St Peter 's Cricket Club The club hopes to field a team against the Church of England and other sides next year Cricket "  is something that covers many , many religions and ethnic groups , " says Australian envoy The side will play in the yellow and white Vatican colors , with the keys of St Peter as emblem
CNN  -- Last April , images of Kurdish men dressed in drag started making the rounds on Facebook . The campaign , called Kurd Men for Equality , featured men proudly swathed in the colorful garb traditional among Kurdish women . The subjects -- young , old , moustachioed , bespectacled -- were making a statement that was at once political and feminist , proving that in the Kurdish community , the two often go hand in hand . "  You ca n't separate the two , " explains Dilar Dirik , a Kurdish activist , journalist and a Ph.D. student at the University of Cambridge . "  It 's a political move against the Iranian regime , and the regime happens to be oppressive , to Kurds and to women -- not just Kurdish women but all women . " The campaign , which received over 17,000 Facebook "  likes " , and , according to the site , the endorsement of American actress Rosario Dawson , was the brainchild of two male feminists , Masoud Fathi and Dler Kamangar . They launched the campaign after an Iranian court in the Kurdish region of Marivan sentenced a man convicted of domestic abuse to walk the streets dressed in women 's clothing . Fathi donned a dress , had Kamangar snap the picture , and posted the image on Facebook with the slogan , "  Being a woman is not a tool to humiliate or punish anyone . " "  Women are part of our personality , our character . If we oppress one part of our character , we oppress ourselves , " Fathi said in an interview with the Kurdistan Tribune . "  If one part of us is unfree , our whole can not be free , either . " That a male-led feminist movement could emerge is somewhat surprising given the region 's track record for women 's rights . Diana Nammi , the executive director for the Iranian & Kurdish Women 's Rights Organization  IKWRO  , notes that honor killings , genital mutilation , and child marriages still make up a large part of the cultural landscape . "  Officials put the number of honor killings at a few hundred each year , but I think that shows just the tip of the iceberg . The realities are far darker , " she says . For the men involved in the campaign , however , women 's rights is an issue of obvious importance . "  In my own experience , it seems the Kurdish people are trying really hard to fight for the rights that have been taken from them . I guess women 's rights is part of that whole thing , " says Pedram Penhan , who says he did n't hesitate to put on a dress as part of the campaign . "  I would n't label myself as a feminist , but I would say I 'm an activist who does anything possible to make the world a better place for every human , " he adds . "  It might have something to do with my nationality , I suppose . " Video : Yemeni girl , 11 , runs from marriage Dirik argues there are many areas where Kurdish women enjoy more rights than their female brethren in neighboring countries . By law , 30 % of the Iraqi Kurdistan parliament 's members must be women . The main Kurdish party in the Turkish parliament has instituted a similar quota , requiring 40 % of the seats go to women . At the same time , women have also made up the backbone of many Kurdish separatist movements , including the PKK in Turkey and the YPG in Syria . "  It 's like affirmative action , " says Dirik . "  In many of the PKK camps , men do the domestic work so women can read books . " To a certain extent , notes Dirik , it 's because women have been denied rights , both within the Kurdish community and by the government of the country in which they reside . Read more : Saudi Arabia 's first anti-domestic violence campaign "  One fighter  in the PKK  I interviewed said to me , ' I have nothing to gain from the nationalist structures of the Turkish state . ' For her , she 's taking up arms against patriarchy and national oppression . It 's a secular revolution run by women who are the most oppressed in the world , " she says . Though Nammi agrees that women play a pivotal role in these groups , she argues that their presence is not necessarily feminist in nature . "  I know lots of women in these movements , and though they 've been armed and are fighting shoulder-to-shoulder with men , they are just fighting as a nationalist group . Women 's rights are not seriously part of their political agenda , " she says . Dirik is not in agreement . "  I genuinely believe that Kurd women have reached the point of no return . Even if the Kurd people were given all their cultural rights , if men did n't share them equally with women , I think women would take up arms against them , " she jokes . Correction : An earlier version of this article stated Dilar Dirik visited the training camps of PKK members , which is not correct .	Masoud Fathi launched the Kurd Men for Equality Facebook campaign in Kurdish area of Iran The campaign was at once a pro-feminist and anti-Iranian regime statement The Kurdish community still has honor killings and genital mutilation according to experts Hollywood actress Rosario Dawson said to be a supporter of the campaign
Pope Francis has expressed his intention to visit the United States next year for a major meeting of the Roman Catholic Church , CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said Friday , citing Vatican sources . The pope would attend the eighth World Meeting of Families , which has been held every three years since the late Pope John Paul II convened the first such gathering in 1994 . The Vatican announced in February that the meeting will be held September 22-27 , 2015 , in Philadelphia . "  The World Meeting of Families has traditionally been attended by the Holy Father , " Kenneth Gavin , a spokesman for the Philadelphia Archdiocese , said in a statement . "  We are planning as if Pope Francis will be with us and have no indication that he will not attend . It is important to note that reports circulating widely today regarding the Holy Father 's presence are not official . " A visit by Francis , the first pope from Latin America , would resonate with the nation 's growing Latin American population . "  The Hispanic population is growing in the United States , and with the vast majority being Catholic , having the first pope from Latin America come to visit will be very exciting , " said Bishop Thomas Paprocki of Springfield , Illinois . Roberto Suro , a professor of public policy at the University of Southern California , said a U.S. visit by the Argentinian pope would be symbolically powerful for Latinos -- many of whom have slipped away from the Catholic church for evangelical sects . "  Latino Catholics have probably seen themselves less reflected in the hierarchy than their numbers might mirror , " Suro told CNN . "  There are more Latino bishops now than a few years ago , but the American hierarchy still reflects the old Catholic church dominated by the Irish and , to a certain extent , Italians and other people of European origins , " he said . "  Having a Latin American pope who is going to be speaking native Spanish to Latinos in the United States will be the first time they see themselves reflected so powerfully in the church hierarchy . " Allen told CNN that the idea of the family has been a major concern for the church around the world , especially in light of the growing push for legal recognition of same-sex marriage . After Pope Francis met with French President François Hollande Friday , a Vatican statement said the two leaders discussed "  the family " and "  bioethical issues . " Hollande signed a gay marriage law in May 2013 . In July , Pope Francis said he will not "  judge " gays and lesbians , including gay priests , signaling a shift from his predecessor and hinting at a possible change in the Church 's approach to historically marginalized groups . "  If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will , who am I to judge ? " Francis said in a wide-ranging news conference aboard the papal plane . The General Assembly of the United Nations generally meets in September , leading to speculation that Francis might combine the Philadelphia trip with a stop in New York to address the U.N. , according to Allen , a correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter . "  As far as I know , he 's never visited the United States , and as shepherd of the universal church it will really be beneficial for him to have a greater understanding of the flock here , and for people here to get to know our Holy Father , " Paprocki said . While Vatican officials told Allen that Francis has expressed a desire to attend the Philadelphia meeting , no firm plans have been made . The Vatican does not confirm the dates of papal trips until shortly before they happen . "  One of his challenges is that he does n't speak as many languages as his predecessors , " Paprocki said . "  Blessed John Paul II and Pope Benedict could come to the United States and quite easily speak in English . Pope Francis is not quite as comfortable or proficient in the language . " In 2012 , Pope Benedict XVI indicated that he planned to attend the 2015 meeting in Philadelphia , which at the time was hosting a high-profile church sex abuse trial . President Obama is planning to meet the Pope on March 27 at the Vatican . Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI visited the U.S. for the first time in April 2008 , when he held a Mass at Nationals Park in Washington with an estimated 46,000 in attendance . He also met with Bernie McDaid , Olan Horne , and Faith Johnston , three victims of sexual abuse by clergymen . During the five-day visit , the pope also delivered a speech at United Nations General Assembly , celebrated Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral , and prayed at ground zero in lower Manhattan before leading a Mass at Yankee Stadium in front of 60,000 people . The late Pope John Paul II also visited the United States , including speeches before the General Assembly of the United Nations in New York in 1979 and 1995 . Obama to visit Pope Francis in March French President meets with Pope Francis amid scandal	Pope Francis expresses desire to visit United States next year Pontiff would attend the eighth World Meeting of Families in Philadelphia A visit by the first Latin American pope would resonate with nation 's Latinos
Wired  -- Like Optimus Prime or Al Gore , the Droid Bionic is a robot in disguise . Sure , the Bionic looks like it 's just a massive , industrial-styled phone , just like our favorite Transformer looked like nothing other than a badass eighteen-wheeler . But the Droid Bionic can also change into a laptop , a desktop workstation , and other things which are decidedly un-phone-like . We 've been waiting to see a finished version of this phone since Motorola first showed off the Bionic in January . Though it was supposed to launch months ago on Verizon 's 4G LTE network , Moto sent the phone back to the drawing board for improvements  ostensibly to better stack up against HTC 's 4G LTE offering , the Thunderbolt  . The phone came back as a connectivity beast with lots of optional peripheral attachments , turning the Bionic into a successor of sorts to the Atrix , Motorola 's most recent dual-core , peripheral-enhanced handheld . Moto 's premise is simple : Our phones are increasingly becoming more powerful , useful and versatile in our everyday lives . Why not allow them to adapt -- or transform , if you will -- to what we need them to be in different situations ? The "  Lapdock , " for instance , is literally a laptop shell driven by the Bionic . After plugging the phone into the station on the back hinge , the Bionic launches Motorola 's "  webtop " interface , which is essentially a desktop-lite environment powered by the phone 's hardware . There 's a catch to all of this connectivity , however : You 'll have to pony up a lot of dough . The Lapdock accessory will run you $ 300 , while the HD station -- which gives you access to the same interface but lets you use your own keyboard , mouse and display -- costs a C-note . Add a car charger , HDMI mini-display adaptor and navigation dock to that , and you 're closing in on $ 1000 . That 's a hell of a lot of money to spend on tricking out your phone , even if it 's no longer just a phone once you plug these things in . Of course , you do n't have to buy an accessory to get a good experience out of a Bionic . But it somewhat misses the point if you do n't . The draw of the device is in its shape-shifting capacity , a re-imagination of what a smartphone should be able to do . Otherwise , you 'd probably be better off going with a similarly spec 'd phone for a lower starting price -- and those are definitely out there . Conceptually , ultra-connectivity is brilliant . With the Atrix and the Bionic , Motorola is trying to hard to differentiate from the existing glut of Android smartphones on the market . Execution , however , leaves much to be desired . Casual browsing on the Lapdock was wonky , stutter-filled and nothing like cruising the web on my tried-and-true laptop . The keys on the board were chintzy and small , most likely a casualty of keeping the cost of the peripheral below $ 300  unlike the launch price of the Atrix 's lapdock , which was a hefty $ 500  . Desktop simulation on an HDTV through a webtop dock was a little less jerky , but still subpar . It takes some beef to run all the peripherals , and the handset itself is no slouch . Under the hood , this bad boy is packing more power than a Plymouth . It 's running on a dual-core 1GHz chip backed by a gigabyte of RAM , 16GB of internal storage plus a microSD card slot . It ships with a 16GB card , but it can accept a card up to 32GB . Swiping through menu screens was snappier than most of the other phone I 've tried this year -- it 's definitely one of the most responsive phones you can buy . My gaming experience on resource-heavy apps like Nova 2 HD was excellent . Given all the brawn , the Bionic requires a lot of juice to keep it running -- and it certainly shows . After starting my day with a fully-charged phone , my battery was dead before the end of the workday . That 's after moderate-to-heavy use . I made a few phone calls , used my data connection liberally , and pumped the screen brightness up to full blast  the display , by the way , is n't the sharpest I 've seen  . This is how we all use our phones , so I expected better battery performance . The real battery suck comes from the LTE radio . Leave your 4G turned on all day and you 'll be dead before nightfall . Use your high-speed connectivity judiciously , however , and you may make it to midnight or beyond , even under normal use conditions . It 's sad that we have to ration our own bandwidth use , but alas , that 's the name of the game with today 's devices . Thankfully , using Verizon 's 4G network at full tilt is worth the energy drain . Our average download speeds clocked in around 10 Mbps in the San Francisco Bay Area on average , with upload speeds ranging from 4 to 6 Mbps . In short , the handset itself is speedy , powerful and -- battery life aside -- has all the stuff you want in a high-end smartphone . But so do four or five other Android options currently on the market . Unfortunately , the extra products that were supposed to tip the scales in the Bionic 's favor end up falling far short of their potential . WIRED : Power , speed and connectivity options are damn near unrivaled in the mobile space . Android 2.3.4 Gingerbread is current , and well-skinned . HDMI , expandable microSD , DLNA , oh my ! TIRED : Unless you 're a baller , dropping this much coin on the Bionic and its accessories might leave you eating ramen noodles for a month . Battery life sucks . Peripherals do n't live up to their potential . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Droid Bionic is a massive smartphone that can also work as a laptop , work station The phone 's shape-shifting ability re-imagines what a smartphone is designed to do Accessories are expensive and , sometimes , their integration with the phone is wonky The Bionic is powerful , but its battery life leaves something to be desired
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- Trayvon Martin 's familiarity with guns , his marijuana use , and fights he may have been in can not be brought up in George Zimmerman 's murder trial , the judge overseeing the case ruled Tuesday . At the hearing two weeks before the scheduled start of the trial , Judge Debra Nelson handed a series of victories to the prosecution when she barred the defense from introducing some information about Martin . Defense attorneys argued that some of the evidence could prove crucial in backing up Zimmerman 's claim of self-defense , depending on what the prosecution argues . Certain evidence could ultimately be raised during the trial , however , if it is proven relevant and admissible based on what the prosecution presents , the judge decided . Follow a live blog of Tuesday 's hearing at HLNTV.com Nelson left the door open on one issue involving marijuana . Defense attorneys say toxicology tests show Martin had enough THC -- the key active ingredient in marijuana -- in his system to indicate he may have smoked the drug a couple of hours before the shooting . Nelson barred any mention of this from opening statements but said she will rule later on whether it will be admissible after she hears defense experts ' testimony about the marijuana use . Marijuana use in general can come up during jury selection , the judge said . The attorneys also can not bring up Martin 's text messages . The defense argued that texts from the day of the shooting show the teen was "  hostile . " The judge also agreed to block previous text messages from Martin about drugs and a gun . Zimmerman , who is out on bail , did not appear at the hearing . He 's charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 , 2012 , shooting . He was a neighborhood watch volunteer when he called 911 reporting "  a suspicious person " in the neighborhood , who turned out to be 17-year-old Martin . The shooting put a national spotlight on Zimmerman 's hometown of Sanford , Florida , and sparked fresh debates about race relations and gun laws . The decision not to bring charges against Zimmerman led to the dismissal of the town 's police chief and the appointment of a special prosecutor , who accused the homeowner of unjustly profiling and killing Martin . Defense : State did n't turn over some evidence Nelson did agree to one key request from the defense : to hold a hearing on whether the state failed to turn over some evidence . The defense called Wesley White , a former employee of the state attorney 's office , who said the prosecution did not turn over certain photos -- including one of a firearm in someone 's hand -- as well as some deleted text messages . Nelson agreed to subpoena the state IT investigator who allegedly issued a report about the photos and text messages . But she denied a defense request for a delay in the start of the trial , setting the start of jury selection for June 10 . Nelson also granted the prosecution 's motion to bar evidence about why it took so long to arrest Zimmerman . She denied a defense motion asking that the jury be taken to the crime scene and called it "  disingenuous " in light of another defense motion requesting anonymity for the jury . The jurors will remain anonymous and will be referred to by their numbers only , she said . Nelson set a hearing for Friday on whether the media will be allowed to show their faces . Gun , drug texts feature in new evidence Judge to rule on screaming heard in 911 calls Defense attorneys also raised questions Tuesday about an analysis that suggests Martin might be heard screaming in the background of a 911 call just before the shooting . Voice identification experts hired by the prosecution say that they do n't know for certain whose voice it is and that there is n't enough sound to make a conclusive determination . One analyst , Alan Reich , said he believes Martin can be heard saying the word "  stop . " Reich told the Washington Post that he believes the voice is Martin , but another analyst told the Post that no determination can be made . Defense attorneys said Tuesday that in a deposition on Friday , Reich said he had not completed his report and would need another two weeks . The defense does not want Reich 's analysis admitted . Judge Nelson ruled that in a hearing at the end of next week , the science being used for voice identification will be discussed , and she will determine whether it is admissible at trial . If she approves the science as admissible , there 's still another barrier for either side to present witnesses using that science . Once the trial begins , when either side wants to call a witness who conducted such an analysis , the judge will consider whether the scientist 's qualifications give him or her adequate expertise to weigh in . Zimmerman will not seek ` stand your ground ' hearing No gold teeth While defense attorneys had argued in court papers that they may want other details about Martin admitted -- including an assertion that he had removable gold tooth caps -- they agreed Tuesday that they do n't expect it to become relevant at trial . Nelson ruled there will be no such mention in the trial . Benjamin Crump , an attorney for Martin 's family , previously lashed out against the defense for trying to get such details admitted . "  Is the defense trying to prove Trayvon deserved to be killed by George Zimmerman because  of  the way he looked ? " Crump asked in a statement . "  If so , this stereotypical and closed-minded thinking is the same mindset that caused George Zimmerman to get out of his car and pursue Trayvon , an unarmed kid who he did n't know . " Zimmerman 's brother : Drop murder charge After the hearing , Robert Zimmerman , brother of George , called on the state to drop the second-degree murder charge . "  George lived in a community plagued by crime and was the first to come forward to help his neighbors , " he said . "  George is a good , decent and honest man . It is now my honor to advocate for him . George is in the fight of his life quite literally . As the oldest son , the only right thing for me to do is deliver him back to our parents . The only right way to do it is by relying on truth . We are not a wealthy family but we are rich in honor . " Authorities initially "  did their job when they refused to charge someone with a crime who had committed no crime , " Robert Zimmerman said . "  In this country , you do n't charge someone with any crime solely to assuage the concerns of misinformed masses . " Daryl Parks , another attorney for the Martin family , praised Tuesday 's hearing . "  Without question , today was a very important day in this case , " he said . "  What was rather clear : All of the bad information put out by the defense team will not be evidence in this case , " Parks added . None of the information that was barred , he argued , "  had anything to do " with the confrontation that led to Martin being killed . CNN 's Victor Blackwell reported from Sanford , Florida ; CNN 's Josh Levs and Graham Winch reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jessica Thill and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Zimmerman 's brother calls on the prosecution to drop the murder charge NEW : A Martin family attorney calls this "  a very important day in this case " Some of the banned information may come up at trial if it 's proven relevant No delay ; the trial will begin June 10 , the judge rules
CNN  -- There is nothing new under the sun , the saying goes , and it could not be more true than with the recycled literature of the popular "  mommy porn " trilogy "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " Just this week , Universal Pictures acquired the movie rights to the bodice ripper for reportedly more than $ 5 million as traditional publisher Knopf/Vintage promises to turn the book , which has been sold mainly as an e-book , into a paperback version with a 750,000 copy print release next month . However hot the property appears , the plot and devices are centuries old , leading us to wonder whether the commercial success signals a breakthrough in women 's sexual freedom or a new low in women 's debasement . The novel tells the story of Anastasia Steele , who finishes college by losing her virginity to billionaire Christian Grey , becoming his "  submissive " in a sadomasochistic relationship . The e-book version of the trilogy has gone viral with mature women readers , even as critics have denounced the book 's reactionary gender politics . Neither extreme explains the novel 's compelling relevance . Though no literary masterpiece , "  Fifty Shades " is more than parasitic fan fiction based on the recent "  Twilight " vampire series . Its abundant references to classic literature unlock a subtler commentary on enduring obstacles to women 's individual freedom and rights . Whenever power relations are unequal , the novel implies , sexual consent is never black and white : It is always fifty shades of gray . Paying attention to its literary signposts shows what has changed for women in that regard and what has not . When "  Fifty Shades " begins , the heroine 's favorite pastime is to curl up with a good book , not a whip . After the hero asks her to sign a contract defining her role as his submissive , she tells the reader , " -LSB- Austen 's -RSB- Elizabeth Bennet would be outraged , -LSB- Bronte 's -RSB- Jane Eyre too frightened and -LSB- Hardy 's -RSB- Tess would succumb , just as I have . " Insistent references like this remind us that "  Fifty Shades " is recycling the classic novel plot about a vulnerable young woman and a brooding older man . The hero has the lion 's share of socioeconomic power ; the heroine has only her magnetic strength and intelligence . News : Erotic book surges up best seller list The classic plot promises that by steeling her virginity and holding out for marriage , women can achieve intellectual equality and love . Those who fail come to bad ends , but the victorious novel heroine learns the hero 's secrets and gains ownership of his heart and true self . This last is exactly the fantasy that "  Fifty Shades " sells . There is nothing new either about this plot 's association with pornographic whips and chains . Alongside the genre of the novel , the 18th century saw the emergence of modern pornography , from John Cleland 's "  Fanny Hill , " to works by the Marquis de Sade , whom Christian Grey imitates as a confessed "  sadist . " Gothic horror novels , which specialized in sadomasochistic innuendo and supernatural phenomena , were also sensationally popular . The whip and the vampire emerged in tandem with the marriage plot and chick lit . Christian gives Anastasia an app for all the 18th - and 19th-century novels in the British Library , but he also presents her a $ 14,000 first edition of Thomas Hardy 's "  Tess of the D'Urbervilles . " The still-disputed question Tess poses concerns whether the heroine is raped or seduced . Though Anastasia Steele is never raped , her individual agency is equally ambiguous . She refuses to sign Christian 's contract , but she lets him spank , whip , chain and blindfold her for the remainder of the trilogy . When the debasement gets too extreme , she walks away  like Jane Eyre upon discovering Rochester 's bigamy  . Yet she returns , echoing Tess : "  The physical pain you inflicted was not as bad as the pain of losing you . " Throughout , her self-punishing "  subconscious " drives her away from Christian , while her libidinous "  inner goddess " makes her dread losing him . If she does n't submit , she will have only her books . In exchange for her masochistic submission , Anastasia receives an infinite array of explosive orgasms and Christian 's love and protection . Sadistic Christian always uses a condom , never uses porn and always puts her pleasure first . He loves , cherishes , provides and above all uses his power to protect Anastasia -- all while gradually opening up to her , making himself psychologically vulnerable . SPOILER ALERT : It turns out that he is a sadist because he was once victimized by older women . Lest you think women are unequal , the novel emphasizes the hero 's ultimate powerlessness . No wonder female readers are falling for this story . When the story was first popularized in the 18th century , women had virtually no individual rights . They could not vote , could rarely own property and were themselves seen as property -- so much so that if a wife had an extramarital affair , a husband could sue her lover for damages . Though many things have changed , women remain economically disadvantaged , are far more likely to be violated than titillated by the porn industry and are publicly called "  sluts " for demanding insurance coverage for birth control . The enduring appeal of a plot like that of "  Fifty Shades " suggests that even in 2012 , most women can not imagine how such inequality might disappear . Instead they clamor for the delusion that submission to men 's greater power means being taken care of by them . Of course , pornography can be seductive , and "  Fifty Shades " is hot . Less enjoyable is the undercurrent about women 's lack of rights . Christian tells Anastasia , "  You need to free your mind and listen to your body . " But to what extent can women enjoy free play in a country where those going by the name of "  Christian " mount legislation forcing them to bear children conceived in rape ? When poor young women like Christian 's "  crack whore " mother are denied access to birth control ? By enjoying a porn of their own , women can at least indulge the fantasy that their pleasure comes first even as politicians are devising new forms of punishment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of April Alliston and Susan Celia Greenfield .	April Alliston and Susan Greenfield say "  mommy porn " novel a big hit They ask : Is "  Fifty Shades of Grey " about women 's sexual freedom or their debasement ? They say plot device is centuries old : Older man dominates younger woman Writers : Times have changed , but political rhetoric , social norms still not good for women
Watch the full interview with Ted Nugent Wednesday . "  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  live simulcast  , 1200 GMT , and 2000 GMT and HKT . CNN -- "  Anybody that wants to disarm me can drop dead , " Ted Nugent tells CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  Anybody that wants to make me unarmed and helpless , people that want to literally create the proven places where more innocents are killed called gun-free zones , we 're going to beat you . We 're going to vote you out of office or suck on my machine gun . " The rocker and gun rights activist known for hits like "  Cat Scratch Fever " and "  Stranglehold " and nicknamed the "  Motor City Madman " gives his unique take on firearms , America , and more on Wednesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " When Morgan pointed out that 80 people a day die from gunshot wounds in America , Nugent argued that "  78 of those 80 are let out of their cages by corrupt judges and prosecutors who know the recidivism is out of control , know that they 'll commit the crimes again , and they let them walk through plea bargaining , early release , and programs . Kiss my ass . Where you have the most armed citizens in America , you have the lowest violent crime rate . Where you have the worst gun control , you have the highest crime rate . " Nugent , a strong proponent of the Second Amendment -- the right to keep and bear arms -- told Morgan , "  More guns equals less crime . Period . " Nugent went on to point out that legally owned guns in the U.S. "  are used millions of times a year to save innocent lives . " "  I surround myself with positive , productive people of good will and decency , " Nugent told Morgan . "  So my view of America right now is so beautiful I can hardly stand myself . " "  You know what I think about America ? " Nugent continued . "  Unlimited generosity -- people traveling thousands of miles to help people they do n't even know . That 's the glowing , unstoppable good . " Nugent went on to explain that what he does n't like about America is "  what is being celebrated in politics where instead of being the best that you can be , we seem to be engineering more and more safety nets which creates , encourages , and rewards an uncaring disconnect . " Nugent uses the welfare system as an example of that safety net , telling Morgan "  welfare is n't just about helping the needy anymore . Welfare is now about rewarding people who take advantage of the corruption and abuse of that condition . " Nugent pointed out that he is particularly devoted to charities which benefit military heroes . "  I got guys with no legs that went into that war on terror hell storm knowing that they would probably not come out without any legs or arms and maybe in a flag-draped coffin , " said Nugent . "  But they went anyway because that 's the warrior spirit that they have . And they 're still waiting for their prosthetics . They 're still waiting for the special wheelchair . But maybe there 's some child rapist in prison who 's getting a new liver transplant this week . That 's the corruption and the abuse . " "  You 're very , very pro the troops and I get that , " Morgan told Nugent . "  But you , yourself , I mean , you dodged the draft . " Nugent replied that he was happy to clear up the matter for "  the ten millionth time , " stating "  I did not dodge the draft . I was 17 and I was a clueless idiot . " Nugent went on to explain that he was enrolled in a community college at the time and had a 1-Y deferment . 1-Y classification -- which has since been eliminated -- was given to men deemed qualified for military service only in times of national emergency . 1-Y deferment was abolished in 1971 . "  Did I register ? I registered . Did I volunteer ? No . Should I have ? Yes . " When Morgan asked if the Ted Nugent of today would serve his country in Vietnam , Nugent said he would , telling the CNN host "  There is no nobler sacrifice , none . But you have to be wise enough , knowledgeable enough to make such a noble decision . And I was incapable of both at that age . Nugent told Morgan that he holds so many benefits for American troops not out of guilt , but "  because I 've learned that freedom is not free and I found it -- the reason the whole world sucks and America sucks less is because the U.S. Constitution , the Bill of Rights outlines an experiment where freedom rules the day of individuality and that that can only be secured by crushing those enemies that would take it away . " "  So those warriors that put themselves in the face of that evil enemy , " continued Nugent , "  and anybody who would take away our individual rights and individual freedoms , they 're the enemy . They need to be killed . And the guys that went over and did that , they had paid the ultimate sacrifice . " Nugent went on to suggest that more Americans "  do what the Tea Party is doing . Get our heads out of our ass and get involved . This experiment self-government demands that we all participate . " Nugent expressed his deep admiration for Sarah Palin , saying that the former Alaska governor represents a "  great woman , perfect American . " Nugent called the former vice presidential candidate an "  ass kicker " who "  got involved as just a citizen " and "  became mayor because she voiced concerns that were supported by the majority of her neighbors . " Nugent went on to say that he liked Alaska so much because that state had Palin "  taking care of business , fixing things , getting rid of wasteful taxes and demanding accountability . " When Morgan asked Nugent what defines a proper American , Nugent said , "  Start with a positive spirit , really a Herculean work ethnic -- not just a work ethic but one that drives . If you met all my family and all my friends , my band , my team , my management , everybody , they get up early , they kick ass all day long , they cover every detail , they wallpaper , carpet , get the job done and then , boom ! We go to bed later at night . And we set the alarm and we get up and start over again . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Ted Nugent : ` More guns equals less crime ' Nugent : ` My view of America right now is so beautiful I can hardly stand myself ' Ted Nugent on military service : ` There is no nobler sacrifice ' Nugent on Sarah Palin : ` Great woman , perfect American '
CNN  -- A U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Friday will enable a religious-affiliated non-profit and other groups like it to remain temporarily exempt from Obamacare requirements for covering birth control and other reproductive health they oppose on moral grounds . The justices extended an injunction first granted on an emergency basis just before the New Year for a Catholic charity for the elderly run by nuns , the Little Sisters of the Poor . The high court order , which also covers the charity 's insurance administrator , will remain in effect while lower courts continue to wrangle with the merits of the primary challenge to the federal health law mandates on contraception . Although temporary , it is an important victory for those objecting to the socially charged requirements under the Affordable Care Act that were a negotiated compromise aimed at allowing coverage but also allowing a workaround for those opposing it . In a once-sentence order without any noted dissent , the Supreme Court said the Obama administration could not enforce the mandates if those involved tell the Health and Human Services Department in writing that they are a non-profit and hold themselves "  out as religious and have religious objections to providing coverage for contraceptive services . " Although the high court order applies specifically to the Little Sisters of the Poor and its administrator , Christian Brothers Services , it will likely have the practical effect of keeping the government from forcing other religious non-profits that raised similar objections to comply with the mandates . For instance , Christian Brothers , an Ohio-based non-profit , handles insurance policies for a number of religious-affiliated organizations . A sticking point The contraception issue has been a major sticking point in the health law , President Barack Obama 's signature diplomatic achievement that overall has been the subject of enormous legal and political controversy . The requirements in question that took effect January 1 were designed by the administration to give women employed at nonprofit , religious-based organizations -- such as certain hospitals and private faith-based universities -- the ability to receive contraception through separate health policies with no co-pay . The central dispute revolves around a negotiated requirement for those religious-affiliated groups not wanting to comply to sign a form explaining their objections . So-called self-certification would permit third-party administrators to provide the coverage . Churches and houses of worships are exempt from the requirement outright . Religious-based groups sought delays , saying that signing the form would force them "  to choose between onerous penalties or becoming complicit in a grave moral wrong . " But the justices in their unsigned order concluded that to "  meet the condition for injunction pending appeal , applicants need not use the form prescribed by the government and need not send copies to third-party administrators . " Varied reaction A Justice Department spokesman said in a statement that the ruling was narrowly applied to the plaintiffs and "  is not a ruling on the merits " of the charity 's larger legal appeal . The statement also said the Little Sisters of the Poor and Christian Brothers have "  always been eligible for an accommodation from the contraceptive coverage requirement . " The White House had said previously the birth control requirement was lawful and "  essential to a woman 's health " and that its rules struck the right balance . Others talked past each other in reacting to the decision . "  We are delighted that the Supreme Court has issued this order protecting the Little Sisters , " said Mark Rienzi , senior counsel for the Becket Fund , the group representing the nuns in court . "  The government has lots of ways to deliver contraceptives to people . It does n't need to force nuns to participate . " But Cecile Richards , president , Planned Parenthood Federation of America , agreed with the Justice Department in that the decision was "  narrow and specific " and centered around an administrative mechanism for claiming exemption . "  This is a case about paperwork , not religious liberty , " Richards said in a statement . Back to the appeals court The issue now goes back to the 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in Denver , which will hold oral arguments in coming weeks . A ruling by mid-year could then prompt a final , eventual high court review . Recognizing that , the Supreme Court made clear it has not decided the larger legal and constitutional issues at stake , merely acted on the enforcement question . "  The court issues this order based on all of the circumstances of the case , and this order should not be construed as an expression of the court 's views on the merits , " the justices said . In March , they will take up a related challenge to the birth control mandate when the court hears arguments over whether some for-profit corporations should be exempt , again on religious liberty grounds . Key requirements of the Affordable Care Act are just now kicking into gear following years of fierce political and other turmoil that included a Supreme Court ruling that found it constitutional , and a flawed rollout of its online enrollment process this past fall . The case is Little Sisters of the Poor v. Sebelius  13a691  . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Charity run by nuns sought exemption from health law contraception mandates Supreme Court preserves exemption while issue is handled by lower courts The decision will have a broader impact on enforcement of requirements NEW : Lawyers for charity praise Supreme Court decision ; Planned Parenthood says it 's a narrow order
CNN  -- Argentine midfielder Esteban Cambiasso scored the winning goal as Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan defeated former club Chelsea 2-1 in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie at the San Siro . Cambiasso drilled home a low shot from 18 yards out , just four minutes after Chelsea had levelled matters , to leave the tie finely poised ahead of the second leg at Stamford Bridge in three weeks . All the talk beforehand had been about the two coaches , Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti -- with no love lost between the pair from when Ancelotti was in charge of Inter 's rivals AC Milan , who share the San Siro with them . Added to the mix was the fact that Mourinho was still highly-thought of by many at Chelsea after leading the club to successive league titles in 2005 and 2006 . And it was Mourinho 's side who struck first , taking a third minute lead when Diego Milito cut inside John Terry before firing home a shot inside goalkeeper Petr Cech 's right-hand post . In a frantic opening 45 minutes , Didier Drogba struck the bar for Chelsea with a fierce free-kick while they also had a penalty claim for a tackle on Salomon Kalou turned down . However , Chelsea did equalize six minute after the re-start . Fine work from right-back Branislav Ivanovic saw him skip a couple of challenges before laying the ball off to Kalou , who curled home a shot fromt he edge of the area that goalkeeper Julio Cesar should have done better with . But Cambiasso quickly restored Inter 's advantage and Cesar then made up for his error on the goal by keeping out Frank Lampard 's close-range strike . Chelsea may have to do without keeper Cech for the second leg . The Czech Republic international appeared to damage his knee while rolling the ball out and had to be stretchered off . His possible absence would be a major blow for the London side as they fight for trophies on three fronts this season . Meanwhile , in the evening 's other Champions League tie , Primera Liga side Sevilla look favorites to progress after earning a 1-1 draw at CSKA Moscow . Alvaro Negredo gave the Spanish side a 25th minute lead when tapping home at the far post from a pinpoint Jesus Navas cross . But the home side levelled midway through the second half when Mark Gonzalaez , who ironically joined CSKA in the summer from Sevilla 's city rivals Real Betis , fired home an unstoppable long-range drive that gave goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev no chance .	Esteban Cambiasso scores the winner as Inter Milan defeat Chelsea 2-1 The result leaves Champions League last 16 tie evenly poised ahead of second leg CSKA Moscow recover to draw 1-1 with Sevilla in the evening 's other tie
The smell of incense burning and the sound of deep-throated chants greet you at the gate of one of Kathmandu 's massive stupas , a Buddhist holy place where Tibetans gather to pray . For decades , Nepal has been a safe haven for Tibetans who escape China . But Tibetan activists say their people 's peaceful existence here is being disturbed because of China 's growing influence in Nepal . Nepali-born Tibetan Sonam Choden has lived in Nepal her whole life , hearing stories from her parents about how her grandparents were killed by the Chinese . She says she is overwhelmed with frustration over how Tibetans are now being treated in Nepal . "  Since China has given Nepal a lot of money , the Nepali government does n't let Tibetans do much of anything . They do n't let us gather to mourn , or protest . They even pick up Tibetans while they are walking on the street and send them to jail , " Sonam Choden alleged . Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world , sandwiched between two behemoths : India and China . Traditionally , India has had the biggest influence in Nepal . But China 's influence is growing . It recently doubled its annual aid to Nepal . China is also building a railway linking the countries and building roads in Nepal , which is in desperate need of infrastructure . Nepal 's prime minister , Baburam Bhattarai , said China 's biggest interest in Nepal is the Tibetan issue . But he said he and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao have not specifically discussed repatriating Tibetans who have escaped to Nepal . In terms of Tibetan refugees in his country , the prime minister said , "  We are not allowing anti-China or anti-Indian sentiment on our soil , as per international law . " But he denies there is a crackdown on refugees ' rights . As China becomes a bigger factor in Nepal , refugees from neighboring Tibet say they are being squeezed . Choden is one of the few Tibetans willing to talk openly about what is happening . Inside her home , she worships the Dalai Lama , the Tibetan spiritual leader loathed by China and revered as a living God by many Tibetans . She also speaks her mind on issues involving Tibet and has paid a price for it . "  Since 2008 I went to jail many times , 30 times at least , " Choden said . At home , she keeps a picture of herself being lifted off the ground by several Nepali police during a protest in 2008 . She says that 's the year things began changing for the worse for Tibetans . Others , including some Nepalese citizens , say the same thing in hushed whispers . 2008 was the year of the uprising in Tibet and subsequent crackdown by Chinese authorities on Tibetans , which sparked protests across the world and came as Beijing prepared to host the Olympic Games . At one of the official Nepal-China border crossings , trade is the main order of business . Nepali citizens freely travel to China , and as we found out , the Chinese freely cross into Nepal too -- and enforce their rules on Nepal 's territory . We were approached by several men in plain clothes , who put their hands over the camera as we tried to film on the border . The men were speaking Chinese to one another and were clearly on the Nepalese side of the border . Nepal 's border police were also there . Their security forces had warned us that if the uniformed Chinese police came over the bridge , we 'd better watch out because our camera would likely get broken . However , the Nepalese forces did n't try to stop us from filming ; nor did they stop the Chinese men from following us deep into Nepal 's territory . The same men later followed us far into the streets of the Nepal border village , as we tried to talk to people there . We left unharmed and with all our equipment intact . The Nepalese Home Ministry declined to comment on issues involving Tibet . But one border police inspector who did not want to be identified told us above all else , China 's main interest in Nepal is the Tibetan issue . For more than 20 years , the Nepalese government and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  has had an informal agreement when it comes to Tibetans who make it to Nepal with or without documentation . The Nepalese government agrees to allow Tibetans transit through Nepal to India , while UNHCR agrees to facilitate that . The current representative in Nepal says the government has not rescinded that agreement and officials continue to process newly arrived Tibetans to help usher them legally to India . The numbers of Tibetans coming to Nepal has declined dramatically since 2008 , even as reports of unrest and self-immolations by protesting Tibetans continue to leak out of Tibet . Stephane Jaquemet , the UNHCR representative in Nepal , said annually between 2,000 and 3,000 people crossed over in the late 1990s and early 2000s . "  It now has been 800 for the last three four years , " Jaquemet said , adding that it 's not clear why the numbers have declined . Tibetan refugees say they know why . China is exerting pressure on Nepal so that it is no longer a place of refuge for those trying to escape Chinese rule , they say . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said "  Nepal sticks to the one-China policy " and considers Tibet a part of China . "  We will not allow any party to conduct anti-China policies in Nepal , " spokesman Hong Lei said . "  China appreciates that . China believes and hopes that Nepal will continue to adhere to that commitment in the future . "	Nepal 's prime minister says there is no crackdown on refugees ' rights Tibetans in Nepal say China has a growing influence in the country Nepal is a poor country sandwiched between China and India Chinese border police often come into Nepal
ROCKY MOUNT , North Carolina  CNN  -- Authorities in North Carolina have jailed a suspect in the slaying of one of five women whose bodies have been found since 2005 in remote areas outside Rocky Mount , the Edgecombe County sheriff said Tuesday . Jackie Nikelia Thorpe 's body was found along Seven Bridges Road in August 2007 . Sheriff James Knight said Antwan Maurice Pittman , 31 , was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Taraha Shenice Nicholson , whose remains were found in a wooded area on March 7 . Nicholson was 29 when she was reported missing on February 22 , Knight said at a news conference in Tarboro . Pittman , of Rocky Point , was being held without bond . All five of the slain women were African-American , and authorities said they were from an area frequented by prostitutes . Four of them lived in Rocky Mount , which is about 55 miles northeast of the state capital , Raleigh . Michael Teague , North Carolina 's former top forensic psychologist , told CNN 's David Mattingly he believes the deaths are the work of a serial killer . "  Just the fact that the bodies have been found close together would really argue for a serial killer , " Teague said . He also said he believes the killer is someone with a lot in common with his victims . "  Their economic level , their background , the same race . So I think it 's someone who would fit very easily within the environment , " the psychologist said . The body of the first woman was discovered in May 2005 . All the remains were found near the Seven Bridges Road , which snakes northeast from Rocky Mount into rural Edgecombe County . The probe into the deaths of the other four women is ongoing , said Knight , who is leading a joint investigative task force of his deputies , Rocky Mount police and the state Bureau of Investigation . Representatives from the other two groups also attended the news conference . "  The investigators with the task force have worked countless hours , days and nights in order to bring this case to the point where it is now , " said Renee Robinson , special agent with SBI . "  We are following up on leads as they develop . " Rocky Mount Police Chief John Manley Jr. said the task force also was investigating the cases of three other missing women and a death in Rocky Mount . He has said it appears the women "  suffered a similar death , " but authorities have not divulged further details . They did tell CNN that two of the victims were strangled , and one was stabbed and beaten . Manley identified the four women whose bodies were found as : • Melody Wiggins , 29 , whose body was found May 29 , 2005 . • Jackie Nikelia Thorpe , 35 , whose body was found August 17 , 2007 , behind a house on Seven Bridges Road . • Ernestine Battle , 50 , whose remains were found in a wooded area along the road on March 13 , 2008 . • Jarneice Latonya Hargrove , 31 , whose skeletal remains were found June 29 , 2009 in woods off the road .	Antwan Maurice Pittman , 31 , charged with first-degree murder Taraha Shenice Nicholson , whose remains were found in a wooded area on March 7 Remains of five women found since 2005 along road outside Rocky Mount Police chief says it appears women "  suffered a similar death " City , county , state agencies have formed task force
CNN  -- Twitter lit up Friday with dramatic reports from confused and terrified residents of suburban Boston , where a massive manhunt was under way for a suspect in Monday 's Boston Marathon bombings . Residents of Watertown , just west of Boston , reported seeing hordes of police officers , many with automatic weapons , combing streets , yards and alleys while helicopters buzzed overhead . Here are some highlighted reports from a city under lockdown , listed from newest to oldest .  All information shared in these tweets could not be immediately verified by CNN . If you ca n't see these embedded tweets and photos below , click here . .	Many residents of suburban Boston tweeted about Friday morning 's manhunt Images from Watertown show police combing the streets , weapons drawn
CNN  -- John Yates believes when it comes to the power of the federal government , he is just a small fish caught up in a prosecution meant for corporations . And the Supreme Court thought enough of his appeal to hear the matter later this year . The justices agreed on Monday to take up the case in which prosecutors used a law typically applied to corporate records to convict Yates of getting rid of three illegally caught grouper . The question is whether the law against obstructing an investigation into business practices is too vague . It was passed in the aftermath of Enron and other big scandals of that kind . The actual legal language in dispute involves efforts to conceal , cover up , falsify , or make a false entry in any record , document , or tangible object . Yates , 61 , owns the Miss Katie , a commercial fishing vessel moored near Bradenton , Florida . It was operating off the Gulf of Mexico in 2007 when she was boarded by state officers working with the National Marine Fisheries Service . They discovered 72 undersized red grouper , and told Yates to leave the catch there , and head back to shore so agents could seize it . When the Miss Katie arrived at port days later , a government inspector counted only 69 fish that were below the 20-inch minimum harvesting size . Yates still claims the deputy originally miscounted the fish . Prosecutors alleged Yates had ordered his crew to throw the smaller fish overboard , and charged him with destruction of evidence to impede a federal investigation . A jury eventually convicted the Holmes Beach man and he spent 30 days in jail . The Justice Department said Yates does not dispute now that he "  directed the destruction or concealment of the fish " but argues that the law used to prosecute him does not apply . Yates says the conviction has hurt him economically and wonders why the government was so insistent they "  have a pound flesh " by prosecuting him for what he called a simple civil infraction . The justices will not retry the facts , but only will consider whether the law was properly applied . A number of legal and political advocacy groups have rallied to Yates ' cause , saying "  misuse " of government discretion to use criminal law rather than civil law to handle a range of regulatory enforcement is hurting the justice system . "  Overreach by any branch of government steps on the rights of all Americans , whether on our country 's street corners or our nation 's boardrooms , " said William Shepherd , representing the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers , which filed an amicus brief in the case . "  Overreach impacts real people . " The case is Yates v. U.S.  13-7451  .	Florida fisherman convicted under law crafted for corporate prosecutions He was caught with illegal grouper and got rid of three of them Prosecutors not backing down , but Supreme Court will decide if they went too far
New York  CNN  -- Federal authorities running a sting operation arrested a 21-year-old Bangladeshi man , who came to the U.S. on a student visa and was allegedly planning to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York with what he believed was a 1,000-pound bomb , officials said . Quazi Mohammad Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis was detained Wednesday after an alleged attempt to detonate the device , which was inert and part of an elaborate investigation by federal authorities and NYPD detectives . Prosecutors say Nafis was apparently motivated by al Qaeda and traveled to the United States in January under the pretext of attending college in Missouri in order carry out "  a terrorist attack on U.S. soil " and to recruit members to form a terrorist cell . Accused 9/11 mastermind says U.S. tortured in name of national security It 's not clear whether Nafis maintained al Qaeda ties , but authorities say he apparently claimed that the plot was his own , and that it was his sole motivation for the U.S. trip . One of the people Nafis apparently contacted was an FBI source to whom he proposed multiple targets , including a high-ranking U.S. official as well as the New York Stock Exchange , authorities said . At one point , the suspect contemplated President Barack Obama as a target , but that idea never progressed , a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation said . While the details surrounding the suspected plot remain murky , prosecutors say Nafis indicated that he wanted to "  destroy America " by going after the nation 's financial institutions and ultimately settled on the landmark bank . The undercover agent , authorities say , also provided 20 bags of 50 pounds each of purported explosives to Nafis , who then stored the material in a warehouse in preparation for the strike . They say Nafis further divulged a "  Plan B " that involved carrying out a suicide attack should police thwart his initial effort . Packing his van with what he apparently believed were explosives , Nafis then allegedly traveled with the undercover agent to Manhattan 's financial district , attached a detonator to the material and recorded a video statement in a nearby hotel . "  We will not stop until we attain victory or martyrdom , " he allegedly said , covering his face , donning sunglasses and disguising his voice . While en route to his target , authorities say , Nafis detailed how his jihadist views were -- at least in part -- formed by watching video sermons by American-born al Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed last year by a U.S. drone strike in Yemen . With his van parked next to the Federal Reserve , Nafis allegedly attempted to detonate the inert device by using his cell phone . The effort failed , and he was arrested soon after , authorities said . Much of the sting operation was also captured on video , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Nafis faces charges of "  attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and attempting to provide material support to al Qaeda . " His arrest came as a result of the "  culmination of an undercover operation " after he was being monitored by NYPD detectives and the FBI New York Field Office 's Joint Terrorism Task Force , the statement said . The Federal Reserve declined to comment , while Police Commissioner Ray Kelly reminded New Yorkers to remain vigilant against potential threats . "  Al Qaeda operatives and those they have inspired have tried time and again to make New York City their killing field , " he said in a prepared statement . "  We are up to 15 plots and counting since 9/11 , with the Federal Reserve now added to a list of iconic targets that previously included the Brooklyn Bridge , the New York Stock Exchange and Citicorp Center . " He added that "  after 11 years without a successful attack , it 's understandable if the public becomes complacent . " "  But that 's a luxury law enforcement ca n't afford , " he said . Jay Carney , White House press secretary , told CNN that President Barack Obama has been briefed on the threat . Meanwhile , Nafis made an initial court appearance Wednesday at a federal courthouse in Brooklyn . His attorney , a public defender , declined to comment . Nafis was a student majoring in cybersecurity at Southeast Missouri State University from January to May of this year , said Ann Hayes , a spokeswoman for the university . Taking tea with a terrorist Man gets 30 years in U.S. Capitol bomb plot Saudi student convicted in Texas bomb plot CNN 's Carol Cratty and Raelyn Johnson contributed to this report .	The suspect majored in cybersecurity at a college in Missouri Jay Carney , White House press secretary , says President Barack Obama has been briefed Bangladeshi national made initial court appearance Wednesday at federal courthouse in Brooklyn His attorney , a public defender , declined to comment
CNN  -- Birmingham City upset Arsenal 2-1 to win the English League Cup at Wembley Sunday , ending a 48-year wait for a major trophy . The defeat prolonged Arsenal 's six-year wait for silverware of their own , having gone into the final as overwhelming favorites . Serbian striker Nikola Zigic put Birmingham ahead after 28 minutes before Robin van Persie equalized six minutes before halftime . The match looked headed into extra time until substitute Obafemi Martins scored a last-minute winner . The Nigerian international pounced after a dreadful mix-up between Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny and defender Laurent Koscielny gifted him a chance he gratefully accepted . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said he was "  bitterly disappointed " but for his Birmingham counterpart Alex McLeish , it was the exact opposite . "  It feels like the best ever win of my life , " said the 52-year-old , who won seven trophies while in charge of Scottish giants Rangers . "  In relative terms for us to put one over Arsenal is a titanic result , " he told BBC Sport . The match begun and ended in dramatic fashion and after only two minutes Birmingham were denied a penalty which should have also seen Szczesny sent off . A clever pass from Zigic sent Lee Bowyer racing through on goal and the midfielder rounded Szczesny only to be brought down by the giant keeper . But instead of a red card and a spot-kick , Arsenal were given a big let-off when Bowyer was ruled offside . TV replays showed Bacary Sagna had been playing Bowyer yards onside . After the exchange of first half goals , a header after a corner for the giant Zigic , and a fine volley by Dutch star van Persie , Arsenal , bidding for a quadruple , looked the more dangerous . Birmingham goalkeeper Ben Foster , named man of the match , pulled off a string of fine saves , with Samir Nasri twice denied . But Birmingham were also dangerous in sporadic attacks and substitute Jean Beausejour set up Keith Fahey for a 57th minute shot against the foot of the post with Szczesny well beaten .	Birmingham City beat Arsenal 2-1 in English League Cup final at Wembley Obafemi Martins scores last-minute winner after defensive mix up by Arsenal Nikola Zigic headed Birmingham in front with Robin van Persie equalizing Birmingham winning first major trophy since 1963 with Arsenal without a trophy since 2005
CNN  -- The body found Saturday in a fortified bunker in Washington state is believed to be a murder suspect who had been hiding inside , the King County Sheriff 's Office said . A sheriff 's SWAT team blew a hole in the roof of the hideout with explosives and saw what they believe to be the body of Peter Keller . It appeared he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , the sheriff 's office said . "  They believe the person has been dead for some time . There 's a great deal of blood and a pistol nearby , " Sheriff Steven D. Strachan said . A bomb disposal unit cleared the bunker to ensure there were no explosives or booby traps , officials said . Deputies earlier said they had Keller , 41 , contained inside the bunker . Authorities fired tear gas late Friday into the bunker , set into the Cascade foothills about 25 miles east of Seattle . It was unclear whether the gas went deep enough to have any effect . Keller had not been seen since Sunday following a fire at his home , where the bodies of his wife and teenage daughter were discovered . His standoff with authorities began Friday after investigators found evidence that led them to the bunker near Rattlesnake Ridge Trail , according to the sheriff 's office . Authorities did n't immediately send deputies in because of safety concerns . Investigators do not have a clear motive for the slayings , according to Sgt. Cindi West of the King County Sheriff 's Office . Keller , who did not have a criminal record , was described as a survivalist by some relatives , West said . "  We gathered he had a doomsday attitude ... family and friends have indicated he thought the world was going to end at some point , " West said . Keller likely had plenty of arms and supplies in the bunker , officials said . Clues to Keller 's whereabouts came while investigators were processing evidence at his house , authorities said . People in the area also reported seeing Keller 's pickup truck near the trailhead . "  This is n't a hole in the ground . This is a large built-up structure , " Strachan said of the bunker . "  But hidden . It took some time to find it . In fact our tactical team smelled the wood smoke coming before they actually saw it . " Strachan said Keller 's house nearby was set afire Sunday after the slayings , but it failed to spread beyond the kitchen . Authorities found a hard drive with photos , he told CNN Seattle affiliate KING . One photo was enhanced and it aided in the search for Keller , who authorities said had been building the bunker for at least eight years . The sheriff 's office this week obtained an arrest warrant for Keller stipulating two counts of first-degree murder and first-degree arson . CNN 's Phil Gast and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	A body with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound is found Authorities believe it is the body of Peter Keller Keller is suspected of killing his wife and daughter His motive for the slayings is unclear
CNN  -- A Florida man pleaded guilty Friday to kidnapping , molesting and murdering a 7-year-old girl more than two years ago , an admission that elicited anger , disbelief and contempt from the slain 's child 's relatives . As part of a plea deal reached with prosecutors , Jarred Harrell was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole , waiving his right to appeal , after pleading guilty to first-degree murder , kidnapping , sexual battery and lewd and lascivious molestation . He admitted in court that he made the agreement in order to avoid potentially facing a death penalty . "  You 're not even a human being , " the victim 's sister said in court after Harrell 's plea . "  Your name is not Jarred Harrell . Your name is monster . " She was one of several relatives of Somer Thompson who took the stand in the tear-filled courtroom Friday to give victim 's impact statements . Several of them noted that Harrell refused to look at them , including the slain girl 's twin brother . "  She trusted you , but you had to do what you did and look where it got you . And now you 're going to jail , " yelled out the boy , now 9 , after trying to stare down his sister 's killer . Somer Thompson went missing in October 2009 in the Clay County town of Orange Park , Florida . Her sister , then 10 , told police that Thompson had been in a fight with another girl at school that day and had brought up the subject while she and her brother walked her home . Thompson ran off , apparently upset . The older sister said she lost sight of her in a group of other children leaving the school , according to a police report . Days later , Thompson 's body was found about 55 miles north of Orange Park in a landfill in Folkston , Georgia . In February 2010 , Harrell was arrested in Meridian , Mississippi , by federal agents following a search of his Florida residence , Clay County authorities said . He was charged with 29 counts of child pornography , and eventually was extradited to Florida . A few weeks later , on April 1 , 2010 , Harrell was indicted on the four additional counts -- first-degree murder , kidnapping , sexual battery and lewd and lascivious molestation -- related to the disappearance and death . In the indictment , prosecutors said Harrell , now 26 , killed the girl "  by asphyxiation with blunt force injuries . " He also "  forcibly or by threat " held the girl "  against her will and without lawful authority , " the document states . Harrell initially pleaded not guilty to all the charges -- from the murder to the child pornography counts -- before changing his plea on the various counts on Friday . Succinctly answering questions posed by 4th Judicial Circuit Judge Don Lester , Harrell admitted to the facts of the crime , including taking video and pictures of Somer Thompson . Prosecutor Steve Nelson noted that there were "  numerous consultations " with Somer 's relatives about the plea deal , and that several law enforcement agencies were included in the process . The slain girl 's mother , Diena Thompson , said she could n't bring herself to forgive what Harrell did to "  an innocent child . " "  835 days ago , you lured my baby into your lair with trickery and malice in your soul , " the mother said , after following her son to the stand to give the final victim 's impact statement . "  All to commit unspeakable acts of your own selfish desires and flat-out evilness . " Diena Thompson added that Harrell took her daughter 's dignity , virginity and then life , "  and after all that , you then treated my child like trash . " "  It is now time to take out the trash , " she said , referring to Harrell . "  May God have mercy on your sorry , sorry soul . "	NEW : "  Your name is monster , " a girl says of her sister 's killer Jarred Harrell pleads guilty to murder , kidnapping and sexual battery Somer Thompson was found in a Georgia landfill about 55 miles from where she was last seen Her mother says of Harrell , "  May God have mercy on your sorry , sorry soul "
Taking on allegations that he leads a playboy lifestyle , the son of embattled former Chinese Communist leader Bo Xilai denied rumors Tuesday that he used to drive a Ferrari . But he was driving a Porsche when he received three traffic tickets over the past two years , according to an official with the Massachusetts Department of Transportation . Bo Guagua , a graduate student at Harvard Kennedy School in Cambridge , Massachusetts , received two citations for failure to stop at a stop sign , records from the Massachusetts Department of Transportation show . He also received a speeding ticket for going 58 mph in a 30-mph zone in February 2011 . The car he was driving when he received all three tickets was a 2011 Porsche Panamera , according to the official , who declined to be named due to the intense media coverage of the story . "  I have never driven a Ferrari , " Bo said this week in a statement to the Harvard Crimson , the university 's newspaper , denying a report that he picked up a date in the car in Beijing . In the letter , which was laid out in a series of bullet points , Bo also addressed allegations that he did poorly academically and spent much of his time partying . The Porsche is not registered to Bo , according to the Massachusetts Department of Transportation official . The car is instead registered to James Jun Cui , whose relationship to Bo was not immediately clear . Efforts to reach Cui were unsuccessful . Rumors of Bo 's allegedly flamboyant college lifestyle have played poorly in China , where his father , a former kingpin in the metropolis of Chongqing , promoted a revival of Maoist-style "  red culture " while pursuing a widely publicized -- but brutal -- crackdown on organized crime in the city . One family associate said there was little sympathy in China for what many regard as the typically spoiled offspring of the Communist Party elite .	Former Chinese official 's son denies reports that he used to drive a Ferrari But Harvard student was in Porsche when he received three tickets Rumors of flamboyant lifestyle have been poorly received in China
CNN  -- In a case that would have been impossible even five years ago , bad-girl rocker Courtney Love is being sued for libel by a fashion designer for allegedly slamming the woman on Twitter . The suit claims that after a disagreement over what Love should pay Dawn Simorangkir for the clothes she designed , Love posted allegedly derogatory and false comments about the designer -- among them that she had a "  history of dealing cocaine " -- on her now-discontinued Twitter feed . But as technology evolves faster than the laws that govern free speech online , it 's not just the famous who are finding trouble . Consider the case of Amanda Bonnen and her former landlord . Bonnen , an Illinois resident , is accused of using Twitter to tell another user : "  Who said sleeping in a moldy apartment was bad for you ? Horizon Realty thinks it 's okay . " Horizon Group Management LLC , the company that owned the apartment in question , sued Bonnen for libel over the alleged tweet . Horizon is seeking $ 50,000 in damages . Legal experts say such Internet-related cases are being watched closely because they confront new and unaddressed areas of American law . For example , how should a libel case be handled when it comes to social media ? How can society balance accountability with free speech ? And if information -- from private thoughts to public data -- is so readily available , how do we define what constitutes privacy ? A time of ` cultural shift ' Legal experts said it 's difficult for the law to keep up with emerging technology . "  Generally , it is at least five years behind technology as it is developing , " said Andrea Matwyshyn , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , who tracks the intersection of law and technology . There are several reasons why the law tends to play catch-up , experts said . The first is that it 's typically difficult to predict or anticipate technology innovations . Think of the music-sharing battles that began -- and are still going on -- after the advent of Napster . Another reason is that it 's difficult to handle cases that deal with the Internet and the Web because it confronts a fundamental schism : Is the Web a unique , separate space or is it really an extension of real space ? That concept might be a little bit abstract , but think of it this way : When a person dies , a house , property or car owned by that person can be passed on , relatively easily , to a family member or an identified heir . But what about online property like account profiles , passwords and digital content ? "  We really have n't thought about this much because there have n't been many generations of users with copious digital assets to even trigger the need to think about what happens if they pass away , " Matwyshyn said . Another challenge for the law is the way the Web crosses state and international borders . Let 's say a Facebook user in England sues another user in Australia for defamatory comments posted on the site . Who has jurisdiction over the case , which country 's laws should be applied : England 's , Australia 's or those of the United States , where Facebook is based ? One last hypothetical : Let 's look at a Facebook or Twitter network of 10 people . Half of them are co-workers ; the other half are not . One co-worker is offended by something another co-worker said . Do harassment laws apply ? Does the company that employs some of the people have any liability ? "  There 's an increasing breakdown of the traditional social boundaries between workplace and homelife , and personal and public information , " Matwyshyn said . "  It 's a time of cultural shift and this is going to take a while to stabilize itself and shake out . " That process , seemingly , has begun . Anonymity and immunity In August 2008 , a user of Blogger.com , a Google subsidiary , created "  Skanks in NYC . " The blog assailed Liskula Cohen , 37 , a Canadian-born cover girl who has appeared in Vogue and other fashion magazines , by featuring photos of Cohen captioned with derogatory terms . Cohen sued Google to learn the name of the anonymous blogger on the grounds that the post was defamatory and libelous . A New York Supreme Court judge ordered Google to reveal the anonymous blogger 's name , and Google complied . The case provided insight into the debate between the competing values of privacy and free speech , said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst . "  You have a robust debate on a million different subjects every day on the Internet , " he said . "  But on the other hand , is that a license to damage people 's reputation with knowing falsehood ? " The courts are trying to strike a balance between the two , Toobin said . "  There have been a lot of cases about trying to get behind the anonymity of the Internet , " he said . "  What the courts are ... saying is that you have to show good reason , you ca n't just frivolously ask . " Nicholas Thompson of Wired magazine said such cases make it clear that anonymity on the Web does not necessarily guarantee a measure of immunity . "  The more people learn about it , the more they 're going to realize that laws do apply online , " he said . ' A world without anonymity ' In 2006 , Stacy Snyder was a 25-year-old single mother hoping to begin a career as an educator . She had finished her coursework and was a student teacher . Yet Millersville University , located in Pennsylvania , would n't give her a degree . Snyder filed a lawsuit alleging the school denied her a degree because administrators discovered a photo on her MySpace page that showed her wearing a pirate 's hat and drinking from a plastic cup , with the caption "  drunken pirate . " She lost her case . According to the decision by the court , the school provided alternative reasons for denying Snyder a degree . Whatever the outcome of the case , it speaks to the broader issue of commingling public and private lives in the digital age , experts say . Thanks to the Internet , it 's now relatively easy to find the value of a person 's home or the extent of their political contributions . Meanwhile , people use social media applications like Flickr or Twitter to share personal details with the world . The result is a blurring of the lines between what ought to be considered private and public . It is the challenge of "  a world without anonymity , " said Jeffrey Rosen , a law professor at George Washington University , who has written extensively about privacy and the law . He is also the legal affairs editor at The New Republic . "  One thing that privacy protects is the ability not to be judged out of context on the basis of isolated snippets of information rather than genuine knowledge , " he said . So if the law were to catch up to technology , could it actually remedy these situations ? Rosen believes the law can only act on society 's consensus . "  The law is only good at policing the most extreme invasions and the most outrageous cases , " he said . "  It ca n't take the place of good manners , social norms and etiquette -- the kind of thing that has always governed negotiations about face-to-face behavior . "  We should never expect that the judges are going to save us from our own worst impulses . "	As technology evolves at breakneck speed , thorny legal issues are emerging , experts say People are being sued for what they post on social-networking sites such as Twitter Some of the legal issues involve privacy , defamation and content ownership The law is "  at least five years behind technology as it is developing , " legal expert says
CNN  They might be over 65 , but these former burlesque dancers have n't lost the charisma that made them so desirable in their heyday . Whether it 's a seductive , sensual pose or something more fun and playful , it 's clear they are n't afraid to be bold in front of the camera . "  I really enjoyed being around those women , " said photographer Marie Baronnet , who documented them in her book "  Legends : The Living Art of Risque . " "  I found that they had a real knowledge of life but also of this work . They were very self-sufficient . " All of the women featured in Baronnet 's book used to dance in burlesque theaters , enticing the audience with a strip show . But burlesque is about more than just skin . "  Burlesque is interesting because it 's a space where women of all kinds , physically speaking , can actually go onstage , " Baronnet said . "  They have to have personality and rhythm , they have to know how to dance , and they have to also be an artist because they have to do all those costumes and create a choreography . " Burlesque was also empowering for many of the women , especially Americans who performed before the sexual revolution of the 1960s . "  Striptease for them was a passport to discover their own country and to travel abroad . ... They would have agents , they would get contracts , " Baronnet said . Over time , however , burlesque theaters lost their popularity in the United States as strip clubs became more prominent . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  The '80s were really the era where all the glamour kind of disappeared and what the audience wanted was more flesh always , " Baronnet said . "  All of those women always described in the interview how it was difficult to transition between the '70s and the '80s , where the glamour was no longer there and the bosses of the clubs were asking them to get rid of the costumes and actually show more . " "  And those women arrived at an age where they were 40 , 45 sometimes 50 years old . They were still very beautiful , but it was also an age issue where they saw that maybe they should stop and start to do something else . Also , the money was not the same . They used to make a lot of money , and suddenly it was n't that good . " Baronnet became interested in burlesque during a trip to Las Vegas in 2011 , where she met legendary dancer Dixie Evans . She later photographed an annual burlesque festival in the city . Through the contacts she made there , she reached out to former burlesque dancers across the country and asked if she could come to their homes and photograph them . "  The idea was to go to them and not to do something in a neutral place , because I wanted to feel the atmosphere of where they live , " Baronnet said . All of the women in the book are at least 65 years old , and some are even in their 90s . "  We would put on the costumes and makeup , we 'd do the hair and the lights , and then suddenly they would just know how to move , " Baronnet said . "  And they like that . I think there is a part of them where they are very exhibitionist . They like to show off and just dance and move and seduce men . " The poses were a collaborative effort , but Baronnet had a certain vision , too . "  I did n't want to do something that was too close  to what  they were used to doing for so many years -- and that men photographers especially ask -- which is to be like a pinup like the typical Bettie Page picture , " Baronnet said . "  Sometimes they would give that , and I would always kind of like twist it and say , ` Let 's try something else , because this has been seen over and over again . ' " Although burlesque is n't dead -- it 's even enjoying a bit of a renaissance today -- these women represent a bygone era , and Baronnet gives them the spotlight one more time . "  They witnessed a time that completely disappeared , and they mastered the art of striptease in a very special way , and they never really were recognized for that , " she said . Marie Baronnet is a French photographer based in Los Angeles . Her book "  Legends : The Living Art of Risque " can be purchased through Idea Books . You can also like it on Facebook .	Marie Baronnet 's book documents some of the legends of burlesque dancing The women in the book , all of whom are 65 or older , represent a bygone era But even today , they 've still got plenty of sensuality and charisma
CNN  -- President Obama has ordered national security officials to look into allegations that the Bush administration resisted efforts to investigate a CIA-backed Afghan warlord over the killings of hundreds of Taliban prisoners in 2001 . In an exclusive , CNN talked with President Obama in Ghana about his order to review alleged deaths of Taliban . "  The indications that this had not been properly investigated just recently was brought to my attention , " Obama told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview during the president 's visit to Ghana . The full interview will air 10 p.m. Monday . "  So what I 've asked my national security team to do is to collect the facts for me that are known , and we 'll probably make a decision in terms of how to approach it once we have all of the facts gathered up , " Obama said . The inquiry stems from the deaths of at least 1,000 Taliban prisoners who had surrendered to the U.S.-backed Northern Alliance in late 2001 . The fighters were in the custody of troops led by Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum , a prominent Afghan warlord who has served as chief of staff of the country 's post-Taliban army . Dostum , a former communist union boss and militia leader who fought against the U.S.-backed mujahedeen in the 1980s , is known for switching sides as Afghanistan 's political conflict has evolved . When the United States invaded Afghanistan after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , Dostum sided with the Americans and received military and CIA support to battle the Taliban . The allegations against him first surfaced in a 2002 Newsweek report , which cited a confidential U.N. memo saying the prisoners died in cramped container trucks while being transported from their Konduz stronghold in northern Afghanistan to Sheberghan prison , west of Dostum 's stronghold at Mazar-e Sharif . At the time , the Boston , Massachusetts-based group Physicians for Human Rights said it found a mass grave in nearby Dasht-e Leili , where witnesses said the bodies of Taliban prisoners were buried . The finding prompted U.S. Gen. Tommy Franks , who led the invasion of Afghanistan , to support an investigation into the allegations . But The New York Times , citing government officials and human rights organizations , reported Friday that the Bush administration "  repeatedly discouraged efforts to investigate the episode . " State Department officials recently have tried to derail Dostum 's reappointment as military chief of staff to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , the newspaper reported , citing several senior officials who suggested the administration "  might not be hostile to an inquiry . " Dostum , a key ally of Karzai , was reportedly living in exile in Turkey until last month , when he was reinstated to his post as defense minister . He had left Afghanistan over allegations that he had kidnapped Akbar Bai , a former ally turned political rival . When asked by CNN about whether Obama would support an investigation , the president replied , "  I think that , you know , there are responsibilities that all nations have , even in war . And if it appears that our conduct in some way supported violations of laws of war , then I think that , you know , we have to know about that . " Watch part of CNN 's exclusive interview with the president " Susannah Sirkin , deputy director of Physicians for Human Rights , on Sunday praised Obama "  for ordering his national security team to collect all the facts in the Dasht-e-Leili massacre and apparent U.S. cover-up . " "  U.S. military and intelligence personnel were operating jointly and accepted the surrender of the prisoners jointly with General Dostum 's forces in northern Afghanistan , " Sirkin said earlier in the week . "  The Obama administration has a legal obligation to determine what U.S. officials knew , where U.S. personnel were , what involvement they had , and the actions of US allies during and after the massacre . These questions , nearly eight years later , remain unanswered . "	Allegations : Bush administration resisted inquiry into CIA-backed Afghan warlord Inquiry stems from alleged deaths of at least 1,000 Taliban prisoners under warlord Gen. Dostum has served as chief of staff of Afghanistan 's post-Taliban army Obama : "  There are responsibilities that all nations have , even in war "
CNN  -- Hostilities were resumed in the oldest international rivalry in football Wednesday and although billed as a friendly England and Scotland served up a fiercely competitive encounter at Wembley settled by a dream winner from debutant Rickie Lambert . The 31-year-old Southampton striker was summoned off the bench by England manager Roy Hodgson just after the hour mark and within moments had put them 3-2 ahead with a thumping header from a corner . Lambert replaced Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney , who has been the subject of continued speculation about his future with Chelsea keen for his signature . Rooney looked short of match practice and had few opportunities to add to his international tally of 36 goals but a near capacity crowd had plenty of action and atmosphere to soak up . The two sides first played in 1872 with Scotland always keen to beat the "  Auld Enemy " and in particular at Wembley Stadium . Annual matches between the two ended in 1989 but to mark the 150th anniversary of the English Football Association , the fixture was revived as a one-off , the first clash between the teams for 14 years . The thousands of fanatical Scottish fans , who drowned out the home support at times , were celebrating first when James Morrison put them ahead with a dipping shot which deceived England goalkeeper Joe Hart . Theo Walcott soon equalized after racing on to Tom Cleverley 's through ball , but Scotland went ahead just after halftime when veteran striker Kenny Miller found space to turn and shoot home . Again the lead was short lived and Manchester United 's Danny Welbeck headed England level again . The script was written for Lambert , who had spent much of his early career in the lower leagues , to come on and score a fairytale winner , rising to connect with a pinpoint delivery from Leighton Baines . Lambert might have added to his tally as a later effort thumped the post , but it sent the England fans home happy ahead of crucial World Cup qualification matches next month . "  I 've been dreaming of that all my life . It means so much , " Lambert told ITV Sport . In other key friendlies Wednesday , Paraguay held Germany 3-3 in Kaiserslautern but led 2-0 and 3-2 . Miguel Samudio put them ahead for the final time until Lars Bender salvaged a draw for Germany with a 75th minute equalizer . Argentina did not miss Lionel Messi as they edged Italy 2-1 in Rome . Gonzalo Higuain and Ever Banega put them in control with second half goals . Lorenzo Insigne pulled one back late on for the home side . 2014 World Cup hosts Brazil crashed to a 1-0 defeat in Switzerland , a 48th minute own goal from Dani Alves sinking Luiz Felipe Scolari 's men in Basel . A Jozy Altidore hat-trick helped the United States to a 4-3 win in Bosnia-Herzegovina , while Zlatan Ibrahimovic emulated him as Sweden thumped Norway 4-2 . In competitive action , Russia 's hopes of World Cup qualification were dented by a 1-0 loss to minnows Northern Ireland in Belfast . Martin Paterson scored the only goal to sink the Fabio Capello 's men , who remain two points behind Portugal but with a game in hand . Portugal were playing to a 1-1 friendly draw against the Netherlands with Cristiano Ronaldo grabbing a late equalizer .	England beat Scotland 3-2 in friendly international at Wembley Winner scored by Rickie Lambert on his debut at 31 years of age Paraguay hold Germany in six-goal thriller in Kaiserlautern Argentina win 2-1 in Italy with Gonzalo Higuain scoring opener
CNN  -- Sen. Evan Bayh , D-Indiana , said Monday afternoon that he wo n't seek a third term in the Senate -- a major blow to Democrats worried about losses in the midterm elections . "  Congress is not operating as it should , " Bayh said at a news conference in Indianapolis , adding there 's too much partisanship and "  the people 's business is not getting done . " Bayh said he loves public service but does "  not love Congress " and is "  not motivated by strident partisanship or ideology . " He cited the Senate 's recent failure to pass a jobs bill and legislation that would have created a deficit reduction commission as evidence of what he characterized as a broken political system . President Obama released a statement praising Bayh for devoting "  his career and his life to serving his fellow Hoosiers . " Bayh , a former two-term governor , was first elected to the Senate in 1998 , taking 62 percent of the vote . He won re-election with 64 percent six years later . In his two terms in the Senate , Bayh cut a centrist path and worked across party lines , which at times frustrated liberal Democrats . "  He hates the Senate , hates the left bloggers , " a friend and longtime adviser to Bayh said . "  They are getting their wish , pure Democrats in the minority . " While Bayh had been mulling retiring for a "  good part of last year , " he made his final decision not to seek re-election Friday , said another source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Bayh was scheduled to appear Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union With Candy Crowley , " but his office canceled the appearance late Friday afternoon . Bayh is the third Democratic senator to announce he is retiring when the curtain drops on the 111th Congress . Sens. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut and Byron Dorgan of North Dakota previously said they would not seek re-election . Democrats will have to defend five open seats in November , as Roland Burris of Illinois and Ted Kaufman of Delaware have said they will not run for their own six-year terms . Burris was appointed to Obama 's former Senate seat , while Kaufman was appointed to Vice President Joe Biden 's old seat . Meanwhile , Republicans will be forced to defend six seats in the midterm elections . Sens. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , Kit Bond of Missouri , Jim Bunning of Kentucky , George Voinovich of Ohio and Sam Brownback of Kansas are all retiring at the end of the year . Sen. George LeMieux of Florida -- who replaced Sen. Mel Martinez after he resigned before the end of his term -- also will vacate his seat . Former Republican Sen. Dan Coats recently announced a bid to challenge Bayh this year . Coats served from 1989 to 1999 but chose not to run for re-election . Bayh won that contest . Former Rep. John Hostettler and state Sen. Marlin Stutzman also are bidding for the GOP Senate nomination in Indiana . Bayh probably would have faced a difficult re-election due to the anti-incumbent political climate , but an Indianapolis Star/WTHR poll conducted in November indicated that 61 percent of Indiana voters approved of the job the senator he was doing , with 24 percent disapproving . Bayh also had nearly $ 13 million in his campaign war chest . He seemed to face the same frustration many former governors experience when they are elected to the Senate . Instead of being able to make singular decisions , they find themselves members of a slow-moving legislative body where political lines are dug deep . "  I 'm an executive at heart , " Bayh said . "  I value my independence . I 'm not motivated by strident partisanship or ideology . These traits may be useful in many walks of life , but they are not highly valued in Congress . " A source noted that Bayh is unclear about what his next step might be but said he would entertain the idea of becoming a university president , running a private business or heading up a charitable endeavor . Another source added that Bayh could consider another bid for Indiana governor . A White House source confirmed Bayh discussed his retirement with Obama well before announcing the decision . However , a Democratic Party source said Bayh 's announcement took national Democrats by surprise . The source added that Democratic Reps. Baron Hill and Brad Ellsworth and Evansville , Indiana , Mayor Jonathan Weinzapfel all may consider making bids for the Democratic Senate nomination . "  I appreciate the support of those Hoosiers who have already encouraged me to run for Sen. Bayh 's seat , " Ellsworth said in a statement . "  The next step will be taking a few days to talk to my wife and to folks in Indiana about where I can best serve our state . " The deadline for a candidate to submit the required number of signatures to have his or her name placed on the Indiana primary ballot is noon Tuesday . But if no candidate meets that goal -- and no Democrat is expected to do so -- then the Indiana Democratic Party will be able to choose its nominee . Bayh , a centrist Democrat , reportedly was considered a possible running mate for Obama in 2008 . Bayh 's father , Birch , served three terms in Senate . CNN 's Gloria Borger , Candy Crowley , John King , Mark Preston , Alan Silverleib , Paul Steinhauser , Deirdre Walsh and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : President praises Bayh for devoting "  his career and his life to serving his fellow Hoosiers " Senator cites failure on jobs bill , deficit reduction panel as examples of broken system Indiana centrist is third Democratic senator to announce retirement Democrats must defend five open seats in midterm races ; GOP will have six open seats
CNN Student News  -- October 19 , 2009 Quick Guide Pakistan Offensive - Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops . Hurricane Rick - Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean . World 's Tallest Building - Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi . Hope you had a great weekend . We 're ready to get started with a new week of commercial-free CNN Student News . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Pakistan Offensive AZUZ : A peace deal with the Taliban ? Not an option . Those are the words of a Pakistani military official as the country launches this massive operation against the militant group . This is not the first time Pakistan has tried this kind of large assault , but that same official says this is the most important because it 's aimed at what he says is the Taliban 's main area of power in Pakistan . Reza Sayah has more on the assault and its impact . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP REZA SAYAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , ISLAMABAD : Showdown in Pakistan : 28,000 troops move into South Waziristan to take on the Taliban on their turf . Soldiers now locking horns with Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud and up to 15,000 of the region 's most hardened Taliban and al Qaeda fighters . PERVEZ HOODBHOY , PAKISTAN DEFENSE ANALYST : At this point , I do n't believe that the Pakistani state has a choice . SAYAH : Defense analyst Pervez Hoodbhoy and military officials call South Waziristan "  the headquarters of the Taliban and al Qaeda , " a safe haven where they are free to train and plan deadly suicide and guerilla attacks . HOODBHOY : Waziristan is very important in the assertion of Pakistan 's sovereignty . Furthermore , this is where the Taliban have their nerve centers . SAUYH : Hoodbhoy says the Taliban know the severe and unforgiving terrain here well and will use it to their advantage . The much anticipated ground offense follows a recent wave of militant attacks in Pakistan that killed more than 150 security personnel and civilians . In several brazen assaults , armed militants humiliated security forces by penetrating the most sensitive police and military compounds . HOODBHOY : What we have seen is that suicide bombings have spread into all our cities . We have seen the extremists become stronger and stronger day after day . And that nerve center lies in Waziristan . We have to go for it now . SAYAH : With troops moving in , tens of thousands of local residents are packing up and moving out . For weeks , they have seen Pakistani jet fighters bomb militant hideouts in preparation for the ground offensive . The U.N. says 80,000 people have already registered for relief aid . UNIDENTIFIED MALE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : There 's war , and we have to take care of our children . That is why we left the area . SAYAH : Washington will watch the battle closely . The Obama administration says insurgent attacks in Afghanistan are often planned and launched from South Waziristan . They 've long pressured Pakistan to get tough on militants here . Three times the Pakistani army has launched military offensives in South Waziristan . All three times , they failed . The Pakistani army now with a fourth opportunity , one it can ill afford to lose . END VIDEO CLIP Troops in Iraq AZUZ : Okay , we 're heading to Iraq now , which is where 3,500 U.S. troops wo n't be going . They were scheduled to deploy to the Middle Eastern nation in January and to replace a National Guard unit that 's serving there right now . But the military says the troops are n't going to Iraq and the National Guard unit is still on schedule to return home . It 's all part of the U.S. plan to gradually decrease the number of American forces in Iraq . U.S. combat troops are scheduled to be out of the country by next August . And all American forces are expected to leave Iraq by the end of 2011 . That schedule is based on the ability of Iraq 's security forces to take control of the country . But it could be affected by ongoing violence . The latest example : Four Iraqi soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb over the weekend . However , Chris Hill , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , says the plan for American forces is still on track . CHRIS HILL , U.S. AMBASSADOR TO IRAQ : As for our schedule of troop withdrawal , we 've been pretty clear about when the troops would be withdrawn . We 've been working very hard with Iraqi security forces . So , our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're gon na do . Hurricane Rick AZUZ : And the National Weather Service says people in southwest Mexico and Baja , California -- which is actually part of Mexico -- should keep an eye on Hurricane Rick . Yesterday , this storm reached category five status with top winds around 180 miles per hour . That made Rick the second strongest hurricane in the eastern Pacific Ocean in more than 10 years . Sunday morning , the storm was about 500 miles south of Cabo san Lucas , Mexico . Forecasters expect it to move north and get closer to the Baja Peninsula later this week , although they do predict it 's going to lose strength between now and then . Promo AZUZ : From the Mexican coast to the Middle East , spots around the world to cities in the U.S. , you can always pinpoint locations in the news using our downloadable maps . These geographic guides are free and they help you find out where headlines are happening , and you can find the free resources every day at your favorite web site , CNNStudentNews.com . Shoutout NINETTE SOSA , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! In what country would you find Dubai ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it in : A  Saudi Arabia , B  Yemen , C  Bahrain or D  United Arab Emirates ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Dubai is one of the seven states that make up the United Arab Emirates . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! World 's Tallest Building AZUZ : The Sears Tower . Taipei 101 . The Petronas Towers . All of these are some of the tallest buildings in the world . But there 's a new one in Dubai has em ` all beat . Imagine running a half mile . Now imagine going that distance straight up . Stan Grant looks at the company and the country that are behind a towering accomplishment . BEGIN VIDEO NEIL ARMSTRONG , NASA ASTRONAUT : That 's one small step for man ... STAN GRANT , CNN CORRESPONDENT , UNITED ARAB EMIRATES : The year , 1969 . Now , 40 years later , here on Earth in a city in the Middle East , man is again reaching for the stars . KYE HO KIM , SR. . VICE PRESIDENT , SAMSUNG CONSTRUCTION : This is kind of a project like the first exploration to the moon , ok ? Nobody can challenge it . GRANT : The Burj Dubai translates in English as Dubai Tower , and it certainly towers over what is already a massive Dubai skyline . Kye Ho Kim is senior vice president with Samsung Construction , a division of the giant , Korean multi-national company that is rewriting construction records with this building . KIM : It 's really very scary . GRANT : Why ? You can see down ? KIM : Yeah ! Just the bottom , we can see right through the bottom . GRANT : Oh my goodness ! The whole way to the ground ? KIM : Oh , yeah ! GRANT : What a list of firsts : When completed and opened , it will be the tallest building in the world at more than 800 meters ; that 's about half a mile high . It will be the building with the greatest number of floors , the world 's highest and fastest elevator . When finished later this year , after five years of construction , the cost will top out at more than $ 4 billion . And on it goes . KIM : They have 1,200 units of residences and hotel rooms . Think about just one building , one single building . We have one town . GRANT : It 's a source of pride for a company whose success is a symbol of Korea 's development . A country once devastated by war and still divided between North and South , it has rebuilt itself , emerging as a modern capitalist democracy and launching global companies just like Samsung . KIM : I think Korean engineers are very diligent , I think the most diligent people in the world . GRANT : You 're very proud ! KIM : I 'm very proud . GRANT : Proud of this building , proud of Korea ? KIM : Yeah , yeah . GRANT : Well , Dubai is all about firsts ; it 's all about what is the biggest and what is the most impressive . I 'm just leaving Dubai Mall now ; that is the biggest shopping mall in the world . And if you walk down here and take a look behind me , here is the biggest building in the world , or it will be when it 's open . Now , if you speak to the people who are constructing it , this is not just a building , it is a symbol : a symbol of Korea and what Korea 's been able to achieve and indeed , a symbol for all humanity . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : That thing is huge . Now , before we go , one of life 's hugest mysteries : Who let the dogs out ? Apparently everyone , based on this pooch parade in Ohio . The canine costumes included cops , so naturally , you had some crooks , as well . Dressing a bulldog up as a bull seems like the natural choice . Although this jester does n't seem too amused . Some pups wore top hats and tail while others played it cool . And this little guy is just bee-yond cute . Goodbye AZUZ : Dressed up dogs , always a pup-ular choice for a Before We Go segment . It 's time to paws for now . But CNN Student News returns tomorrow . So we look forward to seeing you then . I 'm Carl Azuz .	Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world
