Paris  CNN  -- French officials Tuesday condemned an Israeli airstrike on Gaza that wounded its consul , his wife and their daughter , calling on Israel to avoid civilian casualties . "  France strongly deplores the consequences of this air strike , " a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Paris announced . "  While France is committed to security in Israel , it reaffirms the imperative need to avoid attacks on civilians . This imperative was reaffirmed to the Israeli authorities . " The consul , Majdi Shakoura , was at home with his family in the northern end of Gaza when the airstrike hit about 200 meters  650 feet  away , the Foreign Ministry said . The strike blew out their windows , and they were struck by shards of flying glass , the ministry said . Capt. Aryeh Shalikar , an Israeli military spokesman , told CNN the airstrike was aimed at Palestinian militants who fired a rocket into southern Israel late Sunday . Shalikar said the Israel Defense Forces "  never received any official statement from any source " regarding injuries to Shakoura or his relatives . "  The IDF wishes to convey that missiles are being fired at Israeli civilians from terrorists , and it has no intention of harming civilians when it returns fire at terrorists , " he said . Palestinian security and medical officials said one person died and several others were wounded in the airstrike , which they said struck a Hamas naval building in northern Gaza . A Hamas security official said two Israeli rockets struck the building . France has a consulate and a cultural center in Gaza "  to support the population , " the Foreign Ministry said . France has helped build water and sewer systems and rebuild hospitals in Gaza , which is ruled by the Islamic movement Hamas . The United States , European Union and Israel classify Hamas as a terrorist organization , and Israel has maintained a controversial blockade of Gaza since Hamas took power in 2007 . CNN 's Naima Benallal in Paris and Izzy Lemberg in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	NEW : French consul , family hit by flying glass , ministry says France calls on Israel to avoid civilian casualties Israel says the strike was in response to Palestinian rocket fire
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Stalinist North Korea deployed new medium-range ballistic missiles and expanded special forces training during 2008 , South Korea 's defense ministry reported . North Korea 's reclusive leader Kim Jong-Il The missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers  1,900 miles  , possibly putting U.S. military bases in the Pacific Ocean territory of Guam within striking distance , the Ministry of National Defense said in its 2008 Defense White Paper , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported Monday . The paper , published after weeks of delay , calls the North 's 1.2 million-strong military an "  immediate and grave threat , " according to Yonhap . The report adds that the North has recently bolstered its naval forces , reinforcing submarines and developing new torpedoes , in addition to increasing its special forces training after reviewing U.S. military tactics in Iraq and Afghanistan . Tension between Pyongyang and Seoul has increased in recent weeks , with North Korea announcing it would scrap peace agreements with the South , warning of a war on the Korean peninsula and threatening to test a missile capable of hitting the western United States . U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 . Pyongyang tested one of the missiles in 2006 , but it failed 40 seconds after launch . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  , which if true , could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . North Korea has been involved in what is known as the six-party talks with the United States , Japan , Russia , South Korea and China , which is an effort to end the nation 's nuclear program , which the U.S. says is linked to nuclear weapons . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who returned from Asia on Sunday after her first overseas trip in the post , recently called North Korea 's nuclear program "  the most acute challenge to stability in northeast Asia . "	New missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers Weapons could reach Alaska or U.S. bases on Guam Tensions on Korean peninsula running high
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The court date of a man held after deadly bombings in Nigeria has been postponed because of fears about his safety in custody , his lawyer said Monday . Henry Okah is being held in a Johannesburg , South Africa , prison , but his lawyer , Rudi Krause , wants him separated from the general prison population for his safety , he said . He is being charged under terrorism legislation , Krause said . Extradition has not been discussed , he added . The prosecutor and police have applied for the hearing to be postponed to Tuesday morning , the lawyer said . Okah is suspected of being an influential member of the group that took responsibility for the bombings that killed 12 people and injured 50 in Nigeria on Friday . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , known as MEND , issued a statement Saturday saying it had given the Nigerian government advance warning . The Nigerian Intelligence Service said Monday that nine people have been arrested and are being questioned in connection with the blasts Friday in the nation 's capital , Abuja . Authorities are still seeking two men , identified as Chima Orlu and Ben Jessy , whom they accuse of being the "  masterminds " of the plot . But sources close to MEND told CNN that the two men are "  not known to be MEND operatives or known to be active on the Niger Delta issue . " They also raised concerns about the nine other arrests , calling them an "  attempt by the Nigerian government to be seen to act . " Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has appointed Andrew Azazi , his former chief of defense staff , to be the country 's national security adviser in the wake of the bombings , Jonathan 's office told CNN on Monday . The attack came as the West African country celebrated 50 years of independence . MEND blamed the government for the deaths . "  The irresponsible attitude of the government security forces is to blame for the loss of lives , " the MEND statement said . "  The security forces were also warned one full hour to the first bomb blast ahead of the general alert sent to the media and told to steer the public from all parked cars which was not done , " the statement continued . Jonathan later called the action a terrorist attack that was designed to "  disrupt " the anniversary , presidential spokesman Imo Niboro said . But he said it had nothing to do with Niger Delta issues or MEND . MEND , which represents militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta , is an umbrella organization of several rebel groups . It has been battling the government for years over fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth . MEND said Okah had been harassed by authorities in South Africa , where he lives , but denied his involvement . "  Okah has never been involved in any MEND operations but has always been blamed for every attack , which is strange to us , " MEND 's statement said . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	Henry Okah is thought to be a top member of the group that said it bombed Nigeria 's capital Nine people have been arrested in Nigeria in connection with the attack MEND , which claims responsibility , says it gave the government notice of bombings The president says the attack was an attempt to disrupt independence celebrations
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Eleven-year-old Hiroki Ando will likely die if he does not get a new heart . Hiroki in an ambulance on the way to catch his flight to New York , where he will wait for a heart . Hiroki suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart . The same disease killed his sister five years ago . "  We have two children in our family who got a disease that happens one out of every 100,000 people . I am sorry for my children . We are having my daughter and Hiroki going through this harsh experience , " said father Ryuki Ando . "  We were told by his doctor at the end of last year that the heart transplant operation was the only way for him to survive , " Ando said . But the law in Japan prohibits anyone under the age of 15 from donating organs -- meaning Hiroki ca n't get a new heart in his home country . According to the web site for Japan Transplant Network , a non-governmental group that supports changing Japan 's transplant law , "  this stipulation has greatly reduced the possibility of transplants to small children ; heart transplants to small children have become impossible . " Watch Hiroki 's trip to the United States " Lawmaker Taro Kono is spearheading efforts to change the law , which was enacted in 1997 . Japan 's parliament is now debating four proposed amendments -- including one that would scrap the age limit . But , beyond the age matter , the issue of organ transplantation in general , has been a difficult one for the country because of perceptions of brain death . Some refuse to accept it if their loved ones ' hearts are still beating . "  For a long time , it 's the heart that mattered in Japan . Some religions ask us not to declare being brain dead as death . But that is not the majority , " Kono said . "  So it is simply that we have been doing things this way and a lot of people are very skeptical about it . " Kono , who gave a kidney to his father , said a total of 81 organ transplants have been conducted in Japan since the transplant law was enacted in 1997 , whereas nearly thousands of transplants occur in the United States each year . "  A lot of people in Japan waiting for a transplant , waiting for a liver , a heart , other organs , most of them just die simply because they could n't get any organs , " he said . Kono said he believes the public supports changing the law to allow organ donation from children , noting that "  when the parents of the child are going on the street asking for donations , they can actually raise more than a million dollars . " Incredibly , that 's just what Hiroki 's family has done . They started a group called "  helping Hiroki " and raised $ 1.7 million in donations . "  It was very tough to get the donations , but so many people from all over Japan donated the money , " he said . "  It was not only the money , but so many letters and messages to energize us , sent to the group . We realized there are so many people supporting us , and they are the reason that we made it this far and will be able to continue after going to the U.S. " Hiroki is now at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , awaiting a new heart . His father says he knows that the transplant issue is a difficult one for families . "  The honest wish from the recipient 's side is to have a donor show up as soon as possible , " he said , pausing . "  I still do not know whether I can make a decision to give my child 's heart to someone else if I am faced with such a situation . But unless the people face the issue and think about it seriously , I do not think the time will come soon to see more people volunteering to donate organs . " Ando said he hopes that one day he will be able to play baseball with his son , who is an avid sports fan . "  I would like to have a fun time again with Hiroki . I would like to make it home with everyone in good health , " he said . "  That 's the biggest hope I have now . " Ando 's mother wrote in a blog on her Web site  http://www.hirokikun.jp/  that Hiroki was high on the waiting list for a heart transplant in New York . "  I believe Hiroki will be all right , " she wrote .	Hiroki Ando , 11 , suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart He ca n't get heart in Japan because people under 15 not allowed to donate organs Hiroki 's family raised $ 1.7 million in donations to send Hiroki to New York for surgery
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Sightseeing cruises to China 's newest city , Sansha , located on a disputed island in the South China Sea , are set to commence this month , according to a Chinese official . The move is certain to add to the dispute over sovereignty claims to the area . Woody Island , known as Yongxing Island in Chinese , has a population of about a thousand , including military personnel . It 's located 300 kilometers southeast of Hainan and was established as China 's latest prefecture in June 2012 . The city of Sansha has the smallest land area , but the largest sea area in China . Sansha 's government has been set up to administer the Spratly Islands  Nansha Islands  , the Macclesfield Bank  Zhongsha Islands  and the Paracel Islands  Xisha Islands  , which include Woody Island . The islands are partly claimed by Vietnam , Malaysia , the Philippines , Brunei and Taiwan . Shown in the map above are the islands . Closest to Sanya are the Paracel Islands . Further east is the Macclesfield Bank and south are the Spratlys . Sightseeing only The cruise tour statement is a sign that China is bolstering its claim to the territory . Visitors wo n't be allowed to stay on the island . Instead , cruise-goers will eat and sleep onboard and only sightsee on the island , said Hainan deputy governor Tan Li at press conference at the annual Boao Forum for Asia over the weekend . "  We have started the planning and development of Sansha , including basic infrastructure , at full speed , " Tan was quoted by state-run Xinhua News Agency  Chinese  . "  Sansha 's sightseeing routes , scenic spots and docking locations have been confirmed . We are hoping to begin -LSB- the cruise operation -RSB- before May 1 . " Some 12 projects , including a berth for larger supply ship , freshwater supply , sewage and garbage treatment facilities are under development in Sansha . The first phrase of Yongxing Pier has been completed and begun trial operation . Sansha 's first mayor , Xiao Jie , said last month the development and improvement of Sansha city will strengthen China 's sovereignty of the islands . Xiao said that the priority would be conservation of the natural habitat , according to the state 's travel network , The Travel Channel .	Sightseeing cruises flagged to start in April on disputed island Area is in a region claimed by a number of Asian countries China considers Sansha its newest city
CNN  -- People convicted of certain sex offenses against a child in California will get life in prison without parole starting Thursday , after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed "  Chelsea 's Law . " The law was named for 17-year-old Chelsea King , who was murdered this year by a registered sex offender who also admitted having killed 14-year-old Amber Dubois . "  Because of Chelsea , California children will be safer , " Schwarzenegger said . "  Because of Chelsea , this never has to happen again . " The "  one-strike " provision applies to forcible sex crimes against minors that include aggravating factors , such as the victim 's age or whether the victim was bound or drugged . The unanimous passage of the bill by California lawmakers was a rare display of bipartisanship , spurred by outrage over the King and Dubois murders . It included an urgency clause that made it immediately effective . "  Very few things bring Democrats and Republicans together these days , but your daughters have , " Schwarzenegger said to their parents before signing the law in a San Diego ceremony . Kelly King , Chelsea 's mother , spoke after the governor . She thanked lawmakers for inspiring "  our next generation of voters by your actions . " "  You 've shown them what is good and right and sound decision making in government , " King said . The measure also puts those convicted of certain sex crimes against minors on lifetime parole . Registered sex offender John Gardner III admitted last March to the killings . A few days after King 's body was found , Gardner led authorities to the remains of Dubois , who had been missing for more than a year . Gardner was sentenced in April to three consecutive terms of life without parole for the murders and an attack on a jogger in a plea deal that spared him the death penalty .	An urgency clause makes the law immediately effective The law was named for a teen murdered by a registered sex offender Chelsea 's killer also admitted killing Amber Dubois
CNN  -- Police attacked the former Maldives president Wednesday , beating him up a day after he stepped down , the Maldivian Democratic Party said . "  We strongly condemned the violent attack by the Maldivian Police Service on President  Mohamed  Nasheed and senior officials of the MDP , " the party said in a written statement . "  President Nasheed is being beaten up as of now in an ongoing peaceful protest . " Four members of Parliament were detained as violence gripped the nation 's capital , Male , lawmaker Eva Abdulla said , and the head of the party was hospitalized in critical condition . Police sprayed tear gas and beat demonstrators with batons , she said , and the violence left some protesters bleeding in the streets . "  It 's absolute lack of order at the moment , " she said . "  Nobody seems to be in charge . " Police could not be immediately reached for comment . Earlier Wednesday , Nasheed had called for his successor to leave office , saying he was forced to resign in a coup . Nasheed resigned Tuesday after a revolt by police officers . Vice President Mohammed Waheed Hassan was sworn in as president shortly after Nasheed resigned . Nasheed was the first democratically elected president of the Indian Ocean nation in three decades . In a nationally televised address , he said he was stepping down because he did n't feel he was able to maintain security and peace in the country , which attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists every year . "  We 're urging the government and the political parties to work together to resolve the situation peacefully and we 're continuing to monitor the situation , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Wednesday . She said U.S. envoy Robert Blake would make a stop in Male on Saturday as part of previously scheduled trip to the region . Strategically located in the Indian Ocean but extremely poor , the Maldives is threatened by rising sea levels . Nasheed once held a Cabinet meeting underwater , with ministers wearing scuba gear , to highlight the problem . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Mohamed Nasheed 's party says police targeted him with a "  violent attack " A lawmaker says four members of Parliament have been abducted The former president is calling his ouster a coup Nasheed was the first democratically elected president in decades
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- The South Carolina Democratic Party voted Thursday to keep funnyman Stephen Colbert 's name off the Democratic Primary ballot , according to the party 's executive director . Stephen Colbert 's name wo n't be on the South Carolina Democratic primary ballot . The party 's executive council met Thursday afternoon in Columbia to decide which candidates met the criteria to be placed on the ballot , and Colbert did n't make the cut , executive director Joe Werner said . Colbert has said he will not file for the Republican party ballot because of the $ 35,000 fee , so the move likely ends his bid to officially run for president in South Carolina . The host of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report " filed his papers Thursday morning . To get on the ballot , a candidate must demonstrate two requirements : that he or she is viable nationally and has spent time campaigning in the state . Carol Fowler , chairwoman of the state Democratic Party and a member of the executive council , suggested Wednesday that Colbert did not meet the standard of national viability . "  He does not appear to be campaigning to win if he is only running in one state , " she said . One of Colbert 's opponents on the executive council , Charleston Democratic party chairman Waring Howe , defended the decision . "  Stephen Colbert clearly did n't qualify under our rules , and it would have been a mistake and wrong to violate our rules , " he said . Meanwhile , long shots Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel did make the cut . Colbert , the mock conservative pundit whose show regularly features real politicians and political commentators , announced he was running as a Democrat and Republican on October 16 . He made a "  campaign " stop Sunday in Columbia to receive a key to the city from Mayor Bob Coble , attracting about 1,000 people , mostly University of South Carolina students . Opponents such as Howe argued Colbert would make a mockery of the political process . They also noted that for each candidate on the Democratic ballot , the state party must pay $ 20,000 to the state election commission . E-mail to a friend	Colbert not expected to file for the Republican party ballot South Carolina panel met Thursday to decide which candidates meet criteria Two requirements : Candidate must be viable nationally , campaign in state Opponents argued comedian made a mockery of the political process
CNN  -- Video storytelling can be a very powerful thing . Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place , inside the story . To achieve this level of storytelling you must be a technically sound shooter . Here are the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller . Have a plan Before you actually start shooting , be sure you have a game plan . Think about your subject and what kind of shots you need to best tell the story . Thinking ahead will help you avoid being overwhelmed when you start shooting . Also , be sure to think about your equipment ahead of time . Be sure to have enough charged batteries and spare memory . There 's nothing worse than setting up a shoot only to realize you 're out of juice . Do n't forget about composition One thing that is easy to lose sight of during a fast-paced news gathering shoot is composition . This can result in bland , forgettable material . Thoughtful shot composition can really make your footage stand out . Generally , it is boring to just center the subject of your shot , so instead , use the rule of thirds . Pretend your frame has evenly spaced lines running throughout it , two horizontally and two vertically . The points where the lines intersect are where you want to have the most important elements of the shot . If your shot seems boring , try to get up high or down low . Presenting your viewer with an alternative to the shoulder/tripod-height view will help create a more dynamic shot . And do n't forget to be creative ! Think about what angle a person would not normally see and see how it looks through your camera . Have a focal point Each shot should have something for the viewer to focus on or else the viewer will focus on nothing . Use the rule of thirds to decide where to put this focal point in your frame . Capture action It is very important to capture action in your shots , but do n't get sucked into following every movement . Allow your subjects to move in and out of the frame , as this gives a much better sense of motion . Get a variety of shots Always make sure you have the following shots : wide shots to set the scene , medium to give context and to tell the basic story , and tight shots to give details that the viewer would n't normally see . Once you have a variety of shots of different scenes , you can start telling a cohesive visual story . Stabilize EVERY shot Train yourself to always use a tripod or monopod when shooting . Shaky footage can totally distract the view from an otherwise great shot . This takes discipline and tripods can be cumbersome , but your material will improve greatly if stabilized . Limit camera moves Zooms , pans and tilts . When done carefully and deliberately they can be OK , but most of they time they distract from what should be the focal point of the shot : the action . Pay attention to light Light is your friend . Beautiful light during the golden hour  first and last hour of sunlight during the day  will be warm and soft , shooting at that time of day will make footage pop . Be aware of light . You can use it to silhouette your subject or create a nice rim light effect . Also look out for low light situations and try to have an external source of light if possible . Hold your shots Try to hold your shots for at least five seconds , this will make life-in-edit much easier , and do n't talk while holding these shots ! Do n't forget about audio Poor audio can kill video . Always use an external mic when possible . If you ca n't , be sure to find a very quiet place to conduct your interviews . Use manual settings as much as possible Yes , there are a lot of buttons and features on your camera . Learn them and use them ! Manual controls are much more reliable and give you total control over your shots , more than any auto features your camera may have . Practice , practice , practice Like most things in life , the only way to become a better shooter is to practice . The more you shoot , the more comfortable you will become with your camera so you can focus less on camera settings and more on getting those perfect shots . For more tips on capturing video , check out last year 's boot camp piece on shooting video . Then show us your video skills in this week 's boot camp challenge on capturing images . Submissions are due Tuesday , September 6 , at noon ET . Until then , if you have any questions , feel free to ask in the comments section , or join us for a round-table discussion of this iReport Boot Camp topic on Thursday , September 8 .	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops CNN 's Nick Scott shares his advice on capturing video Show us your video skills by September 6
Abu Usama appears to be in his late 20s . With a neat ginger beard and a rifle slung over his shoulder , he addresses fellow Muslims back in Germany from his new home in northern Syria . In a 9-minute video released by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , he explains that he took his name from Osama bin Laden , because "  he hit the head of injustice , and he is the one who terrorized -LSB- the West -RSB- as they terrorized us . Since they did not stop doing this , we will treat them in kind . " He asks his audience : "  Are you happy with your life in Germany ? Going to the nightclubs and having female friends ? " according to a translation of the video by SITE Intelligence . Abu Usama then appeals for Muslims to join the struggle led by ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi . Addressing al Baghdadi , he says : "  The entire world is against you , because you are inviting to establish the Islamic State . Therefore , we love you and we stand beside you . " The message was recorded last November . There is no record of Abu Usama since then . German media have reported that he is a former pizza delivery driver from a small town in North Rhine-Westphalia . But just how many have beaten the same path as Abu Usama -- from Florida and France , Austria and Australia ? And if they come home , will they bring terrorism with them ? ISIS 's ambitions are focused on creating an "  emirate " in the parts of Syria and Iraq it now controls , as the first step toward the greater goal of a wider Islamic caliphate . But any U.S. military action to support the Iraqi government could change that . If it chose to , ISIS could unleash a tide of young men with "  clean " passports , fighting or bomb-making skills and unshakeable belief on their home countries . In his video , Abu Usama said it was the Americans who were the terrorists . The task of counter-terrorism agencies is complicated by the fact that in many Western states it is not illegal to travel to Syria . After all , these governments are supporting the Free Syrian Army and many who do go are inspired by humanitarian concerns . A senior U.S. official , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity , said last week that events in Syria and Iraq are dominating discussions in the counter-terrorism community . The official said ISIS was now focused on Iraq , but "  the big concern " was that it will shift its attention to the West -- identifying , recruiting and training Western individuals to return to their homelands as hardened , combat-trained extremists . The signs are there . In January , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi blamed "  Jews and Crusaders " for stoking infighting between jihadist groups in Syria , adding : "  Very soon you will be in direct confrontation -- you will be forced to do so , Allah permitting . " A French-Algerian extremist , Mehdi Nemmouche , is accused of killing four people at the Jewish Museum in Brussels last month . When French police arrested him they also seized a Kalashnikov rifle wrapped in a flag bearing the ISIS insignia , according to prosecutors , who said Nemmouche spent about a year fighting in Syria . It is not known whether he joined ISIS . At best , Western intelligence has a worryingly incomplete picture of who has traveled to join ISIS and other jihadist groups , despite some success in ascertaining identities through electronic eavesdropping and monitoring social media . There is very little first-hand intelligence from Iraq or Syria ; the majority of foreign fighters have traveled via Turkey . Authorities in France believe some 800 French nationals have travelled to Syria , or intend to . Analysts believe as many as 100 American citizens have made the trek . One additional concern : most Europeans are able to travel to the U.S. without visas . French and German citizens have carried out suicide bombings in Syria this year . So has at least one American . Last month , 22-year old Moner Mohammad Abusalha from Florida became the first American suicide bomber in Syria , after joining ISIS rival and al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra . UK police say they made 40 arrests for Syria-related offences in the first three months of this year , almost double the number of the entire previous year . Richard Walton , head of Scotland Yard 's counter-terrorism command , warned last year there were signs these recruits could be turned around to launch attacks in the UK . "  I do n't think the public realizes the seriousness of the problem , " he said . "  The penny has n't dropped . But Syria is a game-changer . " FBI Director James Comey said last month : "  There 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria at some point , and we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 . " Aaron Zelin , a fellow at the Washington Center for Near East Policy , estimates that almost 3,000 European citizens have travelled to fight in Syria . Many of these young men were drawn to the cause of overthrowing Bashar al-Assad and establishing an Islamic state in part or all of Syria . They see themselves as the foot soldiers of a fledgling Islamic emirate at the heart of the Arab world . But now it is ISIS -- not al Qaeda -- that is bringing the dream of a new Islamic Caliphate so tantalizingly close . If the group can retain even a few of its spectacular gains in Iraq , adding to the northern parts of Syria it already controls , the flow of foreign fighters from the Arab world and the West will likely be turbo-charged . ISIS has already proved adept at releasing a string of propaganda videos featuring foreign fighters . So far , the little evidence that has come to light -- mainly from ISIS 's own announcements -- suggests that most suicide bombers in Iraq have been Arabs , including Moroccans , Tunisians and Jordanians . But in March , it celebrated the martyrdom of a Dane who had been involved in an attack against an Iraqi army base in Taji , north of Baghdad . Another Dane detonated a suicide car bomb against Iraqi troops south of Mosul , and a French citizen bombed a police headquarters in Mosul , the group said in May , in a statement translated by SITE Intelligence . The Frenchman , called Abu al-Qa ` qa ' al-Firansi , had come to Iraq through Syria . Al Qaeda in Pakistan taught many European and American recruits how to make high-explosive bombs out of readily available materials . To date there is no public evidence that ISIS or Jabhat al-Nusra have provided Western recruits with bomb-making training tailored for "  taking home . " Attacking the West has not been a priority for either group to date . But it would be naïve to think that overt U.S. military action -- such as air strikes -- against ISIS fighters in Iraq would not provoke a response . Laith Alkhouri , an analyst at Flashpoint says the United States would be crossing a red line : "  The risk of terrorist attacks in the West will increase because ISIS will see any U.S. intervention as the Crusaders trying to stop an Islamic state rising . " Al Qaeda operatives in the region , despite their differences with ISIS , may also step up attempts to hit the West in the wake of any U.S. strikes . Last month the U.S. Treasury department stated that Abd Al-Rahman al-Juhani , a high-ranking Saudi al Qaeda operative previously based in Pakistan was now operating in Syria and "  part of a group of senior al Qaeda members in Syria formed to conduct external operations against Western targets . " Many analysts expect retaliation would be against U.S. interests overseas , rather than the in homeland itself . It has been a growing focus of discussion on jihadist forums . U.S. allies in the region are already concerned about ISIS spreading its wings . In March , Saudi Arabia designated ISIS a terrorist group ; hundreds of Saudis are said to have joined the group . The challenge posed by ISIS is compounded by the fact that it treats Iraq and Syria as one theatre of war . It has even declared the border as non-existent . Its fighters have great mobility , and may gain experience of a variety of combat situations . And as an organization it has depth . "  While observers tend to focus on the ` Syria foreign fighter issue , ' the problem actually spans two countries . Iraq is now a key part of the same quandary that Western leaders have been attempting to figure out in Syria for some time , " says Zelin . Additionally , ISIS has shown itself entirely independent -- and highly critical - of al Qaeda ` Central ' under the leadership of Ayman al Zawahiri . It has set itself up as the real bearer of Osama bin Laden 's legacy , and may be tempted to cement its growing reputation by announcing its reach far beyond Mosul or Raqqa , its "  capital " in Syria . The senior U.S. official said ISIS was growing and making a huge name for itself . "  And what better way to capitalize on that than make a major attack in the West ? " he added . Terrifying execution images in Iraq ISIS uses social media to wage propaganda war Bergen : Bush 's toxic legacy in Iraq Iraq crisis pulls in U.S. and Iran as violent militants capture more cities	ISIS militants have taken control of towns in Iraq and Syria The group includes jihadists who have traveled from Europe and elsewhere to fight Citizens from France , Germany , Denmark , U.S. have carried out bombings in Iraq and Syria Security experts are concerned that Western militants may return home to cause chaos
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Two men with political ties to Egypt 's former leader were arrested on charges related to orchestrating an assault on protesters in Tahrir Square by attackers riding horses and camels . A local prosecutor 's office on Saturday identified the two as Abdel Nasser al-Jabari and Youssef Khattab -- both of whom were members of parliament and ex-President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party . The assault is considered by many a turning point in the effort to topple the Mubarak regime . Mubarak 's supporters -- some of whom wielded whips -- rode horses and camels and charged into the crowd of anti-government protesters in Tahrir Square last month . From Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy	Two men are arrested ; they were members of Mubarak 's political party The assault was a pivotal moment in the uprising
CNN  -- Dubai 's aviation industry achieved its biggest milestone to date on Sunday , when the emirate 's new airport welcomed the arrival of its first commercial flight . Located in Jebel Ali and part of Dubai World Central , an "  aviation city " that the government launched as a free economic zone , Al Maktoum International Airport is expected to become the world 's largest airport upon completion . Like the emirate 's main airport , Dubai International Airport  located 50 kilometers to the north  , Al Maktoum International Airport is owned by the government of Dubai and operated by Dubai Airports Company . Although full commercial passenger services were originally scheduled for 2017 , the mega project was delayed for years due to the regional financial crisis , and faces a new tentative completion date of 2027 . Various reports estimate the total cost of the project at 120 billion dirhams  $ 32.67 billion  . The airport has been open for cargo flights since 2010 . Opening ceremony Hungarian low-cost airline Wizz Air was the first airline to be welcomed at the new passenger terminal , and was greeted with a customary festive water salute . Al Maktoum International Airport 's two other launch carriers are Kuwait-based low-cost carrier Jazeera Airways and Bahrain 's full-service Gulf Air , which also made its inaugural flight to the new airport on Sunday . The UAE 's state-owned carrier Emirates is expected to operate entirely out of the new hub by the time of completion . More : Insider Guide : Best of Dubai In the works Gulf News has reported that more airlines are close to signing deals to use the new airport , with the Dubai Airports CEO hinting at more announcements to come . Currently operating just one main runway , Al Maktoum will ultimately operate five runways with an annual capacity of 160 million passengers and 12 million tons of cargo . To put those numbers into perspective , the world 's current busiest airport , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , serviced approximately 95 million passengers in 2012 . Dubai International Airport handled 57.7 million . More : Camel-milk chocolate and other great Dubai souvenirs	Dubai 's new airport welcomed first commercial flight on Sunday When completed in 2027 , Al Maktoum International Airport is expected to become the world 's largest airport Although it only has three launch carriers , more deals are expected to be announced
CNN  Dori J. Maynard , who as president of the Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education was dedicated to expanding diversity in newsrooms and excellence in journalism , died Tuesday , according to a statement on the institute 's website . She was 56 . The cause of death was complications from lung cancer , her family told the Bay Area News Group , which runs the Oakland Tribune , the newspaper her father edited and later owned . Maynard was once asked what her middle initial , "  J , " stood for . "  Journalism , " she responded , and in a long career in the field she worked as a reporter for such papers as the Bakersfield Californian and the Detroit Free Press . But it was as the head of the Oakland-based Maynard Institute -- co-founded by her father , a longtime journalist who became the first African-American to own a major metropolitan newspaper -- that she had the greatest impact , colleagues said . "  She 's the kind of person who understood how this idea of diversity was so vital today and continues to be vital and needed to change from our old ways of thinking of what that meant and how to implement it in the production of news and the way we think about news , " longtime friend Sally Lehrman told the Oakland Tribune . "  She was always thinking about work because she loved it and it was such a part of her . " "  Dori was fearless , " added Dawn Garcia , managing director of Stanford University 's John S. Knight Journalism Fellowships . Maynard was concerned that there were blind spots in traditional metropolitan newsrooms and worked to correct them . "  There is one often overlooked reason why the industry continues to struggle to retain journalists of color . It is because the news organizations that essentially serve as moderators of the nation 's conversations have yet to learn how to talk about and across their own racial fault lines , " she wrote in an essay in 2003 . The Maynard Institute had a variety of programs to address these issues , including a "  diversity framework that looks at diversity through the prisms of race , class , gender , generation , and geography , " she told Harvard 's Shorenstein Center . "  African-Americans are primarily  portrayed  in crime , sports and entertainment  stories  . Latinos  through  episodic coverage of immigration . Native Americans and Asian Americans apparently just do n't contribute to the daily fabric of our lives . ... We 're spending some time trying to raise that issue , " she continued . Friends and colleagues expressed sadness at her death . "  You can hardly put into words how important the work Dori and the Maynard Institute did to train young people of color for careers in journalism and how the institute trained the media to write fair stories about communities of color , " wrote Bob Butler , a San Francisco radio reporter and the president of the National Association of Black Journalists , in a comment on the Maynard Institute 's website . Maynard was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University in 1993 . Her father had a Nieman in 1966 , making the pair the first father-daughter pair to earn that honor . People we 've lost in 2015	Dori Maynard was champion of diversity in newsrooms , journalism She was president of notable journalism organization
CNN  -- Slavery may seem like a quaint notion in a 21st century world , but that distinction is lost on up to 40,000 Brazilians who find themselves toiling for no real wages and ca n't leave the distant work camps where they live . A Brazilian government official takes notes as he talks with workers about to be freed . Brazilian government officials and human rights activists call it slave labor , a condition they are aggressively trying to eradicate . A special government task force established in 1995 says it freed 4,634 workers last year in 133 raids on large farms and businesses that rely on workers driven to take these jobs by hunger and the empty promises of labor recruiters . "  Slavery is the tail end of a lot of abuse of poor people and workers in Brazil , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center . "  Bad treatment reaches over to abusive treatment to treatment that becomes virtual slavery . " In Brazil , it often works this way : A recruiter known as a "  gato , " or cat , plumbs the slums and other poor areas of the vast country and gets people to agree to jobs in distant places . Once separated from home and family , workers are vulnerable to all sorts of abuses , such as being told they owe money for transportation , food , housing and other services . "  This is known as debt bondage , which also fits official definitions of slavery , " says Anti-slavery International , a lobbying group based in Great Britain . "  A person is in debt bondage when their labor is demanded as the means of repayment for a loan or an advance . Once in debt they lose all control over their conditions of work and what , if anything they are paid ... often making it impossible to repay and trapping them in a cycle of debt . " The United Nations International Labour Organization estimated there were between 25,000 and 40,000 Brazilians working under such conditions in 2003 , the latest year for which it offered figures . Leonardo Sakamoto , the director of the human rights group Reporter Brasil , says he 's certain there are still more than 25,000 slave laborers in Brazil . According to Anti-slavery International , the greatest number of slave laborers is employed in ranching  43 percent  . That 's followed by deforestation  28 percent  , agriculture  24 percent  , logging  4 percent  and charcoal  1 percent  . Though those figures are from 2003 , Sakamoto says they still apply , with cattle ranches and sugar cane plantations among the top employers . Anti-slavery International estimates there are 12.3 million people working under such conditions worldwide . "  Forced labor exists in Sudan , Nepal , India , Mauritania as well as many wealthier countries  including the UK  , where vulnerable people are trafficked into forced labor or sexual slavery , " the group says . "  A similar situation to the use of forced labor on estates in Brazil can be found in the Chaco region of both Paraguay and Bolivia . " But what may set Brazil apart are the government 's attempts to wipe out the practice . One of Brazil 's chief tools is a "  Special Mobile Inspection Group " that consists of labor inspectors , federal police and attorneys from the federal labor prosecution branch . The group often raids workplaces , looking for abuses and laborers held against their will . In 2007 , the task force freed 5,999 workers , a record number . In 2003 , the agency freed 5,223 laborers . Since the group 's inception in 1995 , it has freed 33,000 people . Labor Minister Carlos Lupi vowed in a recent interview with the state-run Brazilian news agency that efforts will be stepped up this year . "  The Brazilian government is to be commended for rescuing more than 4,500 people from the nightmare of slavery during the past year , " Aidan McQuade , director of Anti-Slavery International , said in a statement to CNN . "  Their commitment to step up their efforts in 2009 is even more heartening . The vocal and effective leadership we are seeing from Brazil is rare . Even India , like Brazil a democracy and a G20 member , seems content to remain the country with the most slaves in the world . " Poverty fuels slave labor , experts say But everyone agrees it 's going to take more than police efforts to seriously dent the practice . "  Slave labor is not a disease , " Sakamoto said . "  It 's like a fever . Fever is a symptom that something is wrong . " That something is widespread poverty . Although the poverty rate dropped recently to its lowest levels in 25 years , nearly one of every four Brazilians still lives in poverty , according to a 2006 survey by the Getulio Vargas Foundation 's Center for Social Policy Studies . The Web-based Index Mundi , which says it obtains its figures from the CIA World Factbook , estimates the poverty rate could be as high as one of every three Brazilians . With a population approaching 200 million people , that means at least 49 million Brazilians live under squalid economic conditions . "  We have poverty . We have greed . And we have impunity , " Sakamoto said . "  We have to fight these three pieces at the same time . We have been fighting against impunity and we have been fighting against greed , but we are just starting to fight against poverty . " The situation is made worse because of Brazil 's vastness -- about the size of the United States . "  Brazil is a big , huge country and there are lots of poor people , " said Hakim of the Inter-American Dialogue . "  The farther you get away from the populated , industrialized areas , you 'll find large populations of people who do whatever they can to make a living . " And slave labor seems to be spreading . "  We are discovering new occurrences of slave labor in regions where we had n't registered slave labor in Brazil , " the Rev. Xavier Plassat of the Catholic Pastoral Land Commission told the independent Radioagencia NP . Opposition to laws By most accounts , the administration of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who took office in 2003 , has done much to reduce poverty and fight slave labor . But Brazil 's agricultural , mining and manufacturing sectors are large and well-developed . And they are politically powerful . "  We have a very , very strong agribusiness sector , " Sakamoto said . "  It is very , very difficult to get other measures to fight against slave labor . " For example , he said , a proposed law for the government to confiscate land on which slave labor is used has languished in congress for years . "  There 's a group of very strong congressmen fighting against it , " said Sakamoto , who is also a member Brazil 's National Commission for the Eradication of Slave Labor . There are those who object to use of the word "  slavery " or the phrase "  slave labor , " saying it mischaracterizes the situation . "  The word has very heavy connotations regarding 19th century slavery , " said Latin America scholar Robert Pastor , a former National Security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . "  Modern-day practices are quite distinct from what we normally thought of as slavery . " But Pastor agrees that no matter what you call it , what is happening in Brazil and elsewhere is "  a phenomenon that is based on a simple intent to exploit individuals . " Paulo Sotero , director of the Brazil Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , also believes that calling the practice slavery overstates the case . "  To use the word ` slave labor ' sometimes does not describe what it is , " Sotero said from Washington . "  It 's more unfair , abusive labor conditions . " He points out that Brazil 's sugar cane industry employs 900,000 people but only 4,000 Brazilians were freed last year for being held as slave laborers . Many businesses , he said , are being smeared by the bad actions of a few . "  One case of slave labor is one too many , " Sotero said . "  But at the same time , some of their considerations are valid . Claims of abuse tend to be exaggerated and more general than they are . "	More than 12 million people worldwide estimated to be working under forced labor Between 25,000-40 ,000 Brazilians may be slave laborers , U.N. estimates Brazil task force has worked to eradicate slave labor Poverty seen by experts as primary factor leading to slave labor
CNN  -- It should have been little Alton 's big day . He was turning 2 , and grandma was bringing him and his baby brother , Ashton , home from day care to celebrate . That 's where it all apparently went wrong . Connecticut State Police say the grandmother , 47-year-old Debra Denison , killed the boys and then herself Tuesday in Preston , Connecticut . The boys ' mother , Brenda Perry , called police around 4 p.m. ET Tuesday to say she could not find the boys or her mother , who Perry said had a history of mental illness , according to CNN affiliate WFSB-TV in Hartford . "  She sounded fine ; she was planning on picking them up and bringing them back to my house , " Perry told the station . "  That was the last we heard from her . " Police found the three Tuesday night after a 911 caller reported seeing a vehicle with three injured people inside that matched one mentioned in an Amber alert issued that afternoon . All three were dead of gunshot wounds , WFSB reported . Police found a suicide note in the vehicle but have n't said what was in it , WFSB said . After the bodies were discovered , WFSB reported , Perry posted to her Facebook page , "  God has two beautiful angels helping him now . "	Deborah Denison was supposed to be bringing kids home , police say Instead , police believe she killed them and then herself "  She sounded fine , " slain boys ' mom tells TV station The grandmother had a history of mental illness , CNN affiliate WFSB-TV reported
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The court battle may finally be over , but there is still a great mystery hanging over the next America 's Cup event : What will the holders use to defend the trophy ? America 's Cup team Oracle has trialed a trimaran which it revealed in September 2008 Established in 1851 , the America 's Cup is the oldest active trophy of any sport and by far the most prestigious match race sailing event in the world . Scheduled for February 2010 , the 33rd edition of the America 's Cup will be contested by the holders -- Swiss syndicate Alinghi , and U.S. challenger Oracle , owned by Larry Ellison . The date follows protracted court battles which saw both teams fighting over the terms of the next event . Last month 's New York Supreme Court ruling which finally decided the terms and date of the regatta also announced that the contest is to be decided in a one-off series in multihull boats . While Oracle revealed a 90 ft trimaran last year , defenders Alinghi are still building their boat for the event -- and they are refusing to give away any secrets about it . CNN 's MainSail show visited the Alinghi base in Switzerland to try to catch a glimpse of the mystery vessel -- but they came no closer to seeing the boat under construction . MainSail presenter Shirley Robertson only got as far as the compound gates in her quest to see the vessel . Watch video of CNN visiting the Alinghi team base " The team 's design co-coordinator , Grant Simms , told CNN that the design would not be revealed until the latest possible point . "  It 's quite unusual and we are trying to keep it a secret as long as we can . "  We are hoping to stop our opponents from seeing it and reacting to it , " he said . The design of the boat is generally a crucial part of any America 's Cup regatta -- and none more so than this one , where a different type of boat is being introduced . Also , the size and shape of the boat could indicate where the regatta may be held -- something that does n't need to be announced by defenders Alinghi until six months before it is set to begin . The cup holders can set the terms of the next defense , in conjunction with the "  challenger of record " -- whichever team signs up as the first challenger . This is important as different locations can have a wide variety of wind strengths and sea swells , which can suit varying sizes of boat and types of sail . You can watch this month 's MainSail show in full on CNN International or on the MainSail Web site from Thursday 18th June .	Next America 's Cup to be decided between Alinghi and Oracle in February Regatta will be contested in multi-hull boats -- trimarans or catamarans U.S. team Oracle revealed its design of a 90 ft boat last year CNN 's MainSail tries to get a sneak preview of the as yet unseen Alinghi boat
Atlanta  CNN  -- After a student walk-out spurred a flood of support from alumni and others , the board of the University of Georgia 's student newspaper backtracked Friday and vowed a staffer they had hired will not have final say on editorial decisions , the paper 's former editor-in-chief said . The new policy was one of several requested by student journalists and outlined by Red & Black newspaper board members in a meeting Friday with students in Athens , Georgia , said Polina Marinova , who was the paper 's top editor until earlier this week . She called the policy shift a testament to the students ' unity and conviction , as well as thanks to a wave of public pressure put on the board . "  I 'm just really proud that everyone stood together and there was so much support , " Marinova told CNN on Friday night . "  We stood up for ourselves , and I think other people saw that . " Marinova and Julia Carpenter quit as editor-in-chief and managing editor , respectively , of the Red & Black on Wednesday , with fellow editors , design staff , photo staff and reporters joining them leaving the newspaper 's building en masse . They explained they had done so after the publication 's board recently hired several "  permanent staff with veto power over students ' decisions . " In a statement posted on a new website -- redanddead.com -- they set up to continue covering news and offer their views , the departed staff posted a "  draft " memo written by a Red & Black board member dated on Wednesday -- the day of the resignations and walk-out -- as being "  effective today . " In the memo , board member Ed Stamper detailed responsibilities for the "  Editorial Director and the entire professional staff " such as "  taking corrective action to replace students that do not follow our standards , " setting design mandates and suggesting what types of stories staff should cover , including "  more good " and less "  bad " news stories that highlight wrongdoing . "  Recently , editors have felt pressure to assign stories they did n't agree with , take ` grip and grin ' photos , and compromise the design of the paper , " wrote Marinova , a rising University of Georgia senior , in a statement announcing her resignation . "  But what 's most alarming to me is that there was no input from the Red & Black student staff about any of these changes . " After the resignations and walk-out , the Red & Black board and its publisher , Harry Montevideo , on Thursday issued their own statement expressing "  regret " for what it called "  a great deal of miscommunication during the past 24 hours . " They stated the Red & Black "  is still and will remain an independent student media organization , " explaining the hiring of the new professional staff and specifically stating that the recently appointed editorial director is meant to serve as "  a counselor , teacher , mentor , coordinator and manager " and not as a de facto editor-in-chief who makes final editorial decisions . In her resignation letter , Marinova wrote that "  more than 10 permanent staff " had been hired in "  less than a month . " On Friday , the board of directors vice chairwoman Melita Easters disputed that figure , saying it was "  more like eight " -- about half of whom were part-time , and only two of whom were editorial staff  with others focused on marketing and advertising  . Easters said that the "  board , as a whole , " did not foresee the students ' actions or the public hubbub that followed . "  This was a big misunderstanding that got blown even to larger proportions , " she told CNN on Friday . "  The level of misunderstanding became a feeding frenzy for the media . " A number of national media outlets picked up on the story almost immediately , as did media rights advocates and alumni . The latter included scores of former Red & Black staffers who signed a letter to the newspaper 's board of directors characterizing the language in Stamper 's memo as "  embarrassing " and calling the possibility that students would lose editorial control their "  biggest concern . " The Red & Black is one of a handful of student newspapers nationwide that is independent financially and editorially from its university , said Frank LoMonte , the executive director of the Student Law Press Center , which works with high school and college journalists around the United States . Its board may be even more unique , as the only one that LoMonte knows of without any student members . He said the torrent of one-sided reaction to the episode , including via Facebook and Twitter , shows the Red & Black has an especially passionate alumni as well . The outpouring played a large part in the board 's reversals within just a few days , according to LoMonte . "  No newspaper can lose their audience , and this audience wants to read a student-run newspaper , " he said . "  The fact this situation was largely able to be turned around in a matter of 36 hours is directly attributable to the power of social media . " The board issued a new statement Friday , offering its "  deepest apologies " and insisting "  the student editor has always had the final editorial decision responsibility for our news content . " It added Stamper -- who issued a statement apologizing for "  embarrassment " caused by his memo , which he said were talking points for a planned discussion with the editorial director and did not represent the policy of the Red & Black board -- had resigned and opened the door for Marinova and Carpenter to reapply for the top editor posts . Feeling this statement was "  a bit vague , " Marinova said she and others met with board members to clarify what was happening . She said she learned that the editorial director job was being changed to an editorial adviser position and professional staff would have "  no prior review " or sign-off of news content . Marinova , who said she did n't believe all board members "  knew what was going on " throughout the situation , said she feels there 's much more clarity and dialogue . "  We feel now that we have a voice , " Marinova said . "  And the communication lines are now much more open . " The Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication , a division of the university that many of the paper 's student staff attend , lauded the board for having "  reconfirmed the editorial authority of student journalists " and lamented the "  current crisis of leadership at the paper and its effect on students . " Whatever its motivation , LoMonte from the Student Law Press Center interpreted Friday 's actions by the Red & Black 's board as a clear win for the University of Georgia students -- and , more generally , for student journalists all around the country . "  I think the takeaway from this is that you can not mess with student autonomy in a student newspaper , " he said . Marinova , who said that she and Carpenter plan to reapply for their old positions , said the ordeal shows that when young people work together with a common purpose , they can be heard . "  Students and everyone should have a voice , " she said Friday . "  They should feel that they are part of something , that you ca n't be told that you 're ostensible  because  you are there for the reason . "	Top editors of the University of Georgia 's student paper quit and the staff walked out They said the paper 's board hired staff with "  veto power " over them on news content The board now says students have editorial control and makes student-backed changes A board vice chair says a "  big misunderstanding " became "  a feeding frenzy for the media "
CNN  -- A call to the Secret Witness tip line helped police break CNN 's first featured cold case : the slaying of college student Brianna Denison , investigators say . James Michael Biela , 27 , is accused of killing 19-year-old Brianna Denison . A construction worker was charged with Denison 's murder last week , nearly 10 months after the 19-year-old California college student was found strangled and sexually assaulted in Reno , Nevada . At a news conference Wednesday , relief was visible on the faces of the cops who worked the case and came , as one said , to view Denison as "  everyone 's daughter . " For her family , the relief competed with tears . The arrest of James Michael Biela , 27 , closes one chapter and opens another as the case moves from the investigative phase and into the courts . Watch what led to the arrest " For Nancy Grace 's Cold Case team , the arrest also marks a milestone . Brianna Denison 's was the first cold case we featured . Her story appeared on CNN.com , and a segment aired on "  Nancy Grace " on September 15 . And now , it is also our first cracked cold case . Denison , who attended Santa Barbara Community College , vanished January 20 while visiting friends at the University of Nevada 's Reno campus . Her body was found several days later , partially covered with snow in a desolate field outside of town . Biela , a former Marine , is charged with murdering Denison by strangulation . Prosecutors say they may file more charges as the case makes its way through the courts . Biela also was charged with first-degree kidnapping and sexual assault of a second young woman , a student at the University of Nevada , Reno . And , police say , Biela is a suspect in the November 2007 parking lot assault of another UNR student . In that case , the alleged victim washed off evidence of the crime and delayed reporting the attack , police said at the news conference . DNA is the crucial link in the two cases that led to criminal charges . Police say they were able to connect Biela 's DNA with a sample left on panties found near Denison 's body . Police said at the news conference that they found DNA matching Biela 's on the rear door of the off-campus house where Denison was staying with friends . Watch how the investigation unfolded " It also matched DNA found at the scene of a December 16 sexual assault , police maintain . The victim , a UNR student , was able to escape her attacker and describe him in detail , police say . Both crimes bear a striking resemblance to several other sexual assaults in the area , leading police to believe that Biela is a serial rapist . They are asking other possible victims to come forward . One of the previous victims was able to describe Biela 's pickup , another key link in the evidentiary chain , according to investigators . Police say Biela 's associates told them he left Reno in a hurry in March , shortly after Denison 's body was found . He also sold the pickup that matched the witness ' description . The investigation has now turned up gray fibers on one victim 's clothing , said Detective Adam Wygnanski of the Reno Police Department . They appear to match fibers from the gray velour interior the pickup Biela sold , he added . Biela returned to Reno in September . It was an anonymous tip from a friend of his former girlfriend November 1 that broke this cold case wide open , police say . Investigators had established that the killer was from the Reno area and had an unusual fetish of collecting one victim 's underwear and leaving it as a "  calling card " at the next victim 's crime scene . The tipster caught investigators ' attention , telling the Secret Witness tip line about Biela 's pickup and suspicious ex-girlfriend . The tipster then told police that the former girlfriend had found two pairs of thong panties in Biela 's new truck . Detectives immediately followed up on the tip and , with permission from the former girlfriend , took DNA samples from Biela 's 4-year-old son . Lab tests showed that the boy 's father -- Biela -- was almost certainly a match for the DNA found on the doorknob and at the crime scene , police said . The finding was confirmed when Biela was arrested and ordered to submit DNA samples . An overnight session at the crime lab confirmed the match , and charges were filed , police said . Investigators say they since have learned that Biela was familiar with the grounds of the university , having worked there on a construction job last year . Police say his work on campus put him in a position to easily target women . When first questioned about the Denison case in early November , Biela refused to submit DNA samples and provided an alibi to police , claiming that he 'd been with his girlfriend . The girlfriend denies that he was with her the night Denison disappeared , investigators say . Police spokesman Lt. Robert McDonald said investigators have no doubt that Biela is responsible for Denison 's death . "  We knew the profile we were looking for : someone unobtrusive , who stalked his victims quietly but escalated his violence with each new attack , " he said . Now , it 's up to the courts to decide . Meanwhile , investigators are certain there are other victims who just have n't come forward . Police are urging anyone with more information to call the Reno Police Hot Line at 775-745-3521 .	James Michael Biela , 27 , is charged with murder of Brianna Denison Police : Biela 's DNA and truck match evidence , witness information College student Denison , 19 , was found dead in February She disappeared while visiting friends at the University of Nevada , Reno
CNN  -- The main airport in St. Louis is expected to operate a full flight schedule Tuesday , less than four days after a powerful tornado tore through the facility , airport officials said . But restoration efforts are far from over at Lambert-St . Louis International Airport , where the Friday night storm shattered windows and ripped off part of a roof . "  It obviously just took a couple of minutes for the damage to occur , " Airport Director Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It will take weeks , maybe a couple of months , to clean up all of it . " Still , Hamm-Niebruegge said efforts to get the facility up and running again have been "  miraculous . " American Airlines returned to service on Monday , officials said , leaving only Cape Air among the airport 's 13 airlines still out of service because of storm damage . Cape Air will resume flights on Tuesday , airport officials said in a statement Monday evening . American and Cape Air were among the hardest hit after the storm , which devastated the airport 's C concourse . The tornado damaged 750 homes near the airport , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said . And preliminary National Weather Service estimates released Saturday show the tornado packed winds between 111 and 165 miles per hour when it hit the airport . There were no fatalities reported -- a fact that Nixon characterized as "  absolutely amazing . " At the airport , Hamm-Niebruegge said the facility 's design -- and the way people responded to warnings -- played a key role . "  It is a historic building , and it 's built very , very well . I think that had a part to do with it , but we also had very early warnings , " she said . Besides damage to homes and the airport , the strong winds also hit businesses and tore through the roof of a Ferguson , Missouri church , where dozens had gathered on Good Friday to watch the movie "  Passion of the Christ . " Officials have said inspections of buildings will take several days and hauling off debris will take longer . Elsewhere in Missouri , storms over the weekend left behind water on the runways at a regional airport , forcing authorities to shut down the facility temporarily . The Cape Girardeau Regional Airport , located about 100 miles south of St. Louis , has been shut down since Sunday , administrative coordinator Katrina Atkins said . Crews were activating a pumping system to remove the standing water Monday , she said , but authorities had not determined when the airport would reopen . CNN 's Tom Laabs contributed to this report . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	NEW : The airport expects to operate a full flight schedule on Tuesday Only Cape Air is still out of service
Washington  CNN  -- Congress is a stalemated cesspool of government shutdown showdowns that could come straight from an Aaron Sorkin TV series . But on the issue of using military force in Syria , bipartisanship is coming from unexpected places . Liberal members of Congress are joining forces with some of the most conservative to rein in the president . For instance , two lawmakers who legislate from complete opposite ends of the political spectrum are calling for the president to back down from a possible military strike . "  The president 's line in the sand may have been a strategic blunder . But it is not enough reason to go to war , " Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , said in an opinion piece on CNN.com on Friday , referring to President Barack Obama 's declaration that the use of chemical weapons is unacceptable . Rep. Alan Grayson , D-Florida , was even stronger in his opposition . "  We are not the world 's policemen . That is not our responsibility , " he said Thursday on CNN 's "  The Lead . " While Grayson and Paul are urging the president to take a step back from deploying the U.S. military , a large number of Republicans and Democrats have joined together to demand that he allow Congress to have a say on U.S. involvement . It 's a message almost identical regardless of political party . U.S. to release information on Syria chemical weapon use Said one lawmaker : "  T  he president has the responsibility to seek authorization from our nation 's elected leaders before initiating military action . " And another : "  For too long , the legislature 's responsibility to authorize military force has been overlooked . " The first statement was made by liberal Democratic U.S. Rep. John Garamendi of California , and the second by U.S. Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina , a Republican . They are n't alone . More than 100 members of Congress , mostly conservative Republicans but nearly two dozen liberal Democrats as well , have signed on to a letter to the president urging that he "  consult and receive authorization from Congress before ordering the use of U.S. military force in Syria . " How much say will Congress have on Syria strike ? While partisanship has kept Congress from agreeing on the budget , gun control , and immigration , lawmakers have been able to find commonality on the issue of war . "  Those decisions are very tough decisions , and you 'll find some strange bedfellows , " said Connie Morella , a former Republican congresswoman from Maryland who was one of seven Republicans and 147 Democrats who voted against the use of military force in Iraq in 2002 . Analysts tell CNN that uncommon alliances have become more common in recent years . "  We used to have this model that bipartisan was when the center-right and the center-left compromised each other , " said Heather Hurlburt , executive director of the National Security Network . "  Now it works when legislators vote because it makes  them  more conservative ... or more liberal . " The coalition of the right and the left has especially been evident over the issue of war . The last decade has left many lawmakers full of skepticism when it comes to American foreign policy . Many members felt lied to by the George W. Bush administration in the lead-up to the Iraq war and worn out from a 12-year-old war in Afghanistan . "  There 's an increasing skepticism amongst those on the right and left when it comes to these types of foreign entanglements , " said Jim Manley , former communications director for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  Members who were around  during the Bush administration  are determined that 's not going to happen again . " That is a sentiment made evident by Democratic Rep. Garamendi . "  The past decade has amply demonstrated the folly of military commitments poorly conceived , " he said . "  Our brave men and women in uniform deserve better . " Paul echoes Garamendi in his editorial . "  Understandably , Americans are not eager to be plunged into another questionable or misguided war , " he said . Like with anything in politics , however , there 's a bit more to the story . It 's not just about the merits of war and congressional responsibility , but also about , well , politics . How the latest chemical weapons claim differs from others Some lawmakers demanding congressional oversight "  want to resist anything Barack Obama does , " says J. Michael Hogan , director of the Center of Democratic Deliberation at Penn State University . He says it looks good to their constituents back at home who oppose anything the president proposes . Hogan speculates that if a Republican were president , the number of Republicans who signed that letter would be less than 98 and Democratic signatures would number more than 18 . Hurlburt said that war does n't suspend politics . "  I 'm not sure that was ever true in the past , and it 's definitely not true now , " she said . "  Issues of war show up these fissures that are there all the time . " A bipartisan group of lawmakers challenging the president is only half the story . Some lawmakers are much more measured . Although many strongly urge the president to seek congressional authorization before any military strike , some lawmakers on both sides of the aisle support a military strike . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , chairman of Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said after a congressional briefing by the administration that "  a decisive and consequential U.S. response is justified and warranted . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Thursday that the U.S. "  should be helping  the Syrian rebels  attain the goal of freeing themselves from one of the most brutal dictators in history . " Hurlburt says many senators are old-guard lawmakers who have been dealing with issues of war and peace together since Bosnia and Kosovo in the '90s . It "  reflects that those in the Senate have been chewing on these issues for 20 years , " she said . If Obama does allow Congress to vote on the use of military force , it 's unclear if the unholy alliance of the right and the left would stay united to oppose any military attack . There are "  not so many consequences for posturing on the issue , " Hurlburt said . But there are a lot more consequences for taking a vote on it .	Liberal members of Congress joining with conservatives to oppose strikes in Syria There is an increased skepticism among the left and right over foreign entanglements Other members of Congress on both sides of the aisle support strike against Syria
Shouts of "  Hands up , do n't shoot ! " and "  No justice , no peace . Stop the racist police , " fill the chilly November air as the crowd jostles for position in a fenced-off pen on the sidewalk . Hundreds have gathered to voice their anger and frustration at events in Ferguson , Missouri , and to offer their support for the family of Michael Brown , the unarmed black teenager shot dead by a white police officer in August . Many of those taking part in the protest also demonstrated here during the summer ; months later , following the decision of a Grand Jury not to indict Darren Wilson for killing Brown , they have returned . Some wave placards reading "  Justice for Michael Brown , " "  Solidarity with Ferguson " and "  Black Lives Matter , " while others cup candles in their hands , protecting them from the autumn drizzle as their chants of "  killer police off our streets " echo around the square . But this is n't St Louis or New York or Chicago . It is London , England -- more than 4,000 miles from Ferguson and a sign of how fury at the controversial case has resonated across the Atlantic . The protesters have gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Grosvenor Square , an imposing fortress-like structure amid the 18th-century terraces of one of London 's most exclusive addresses . Carole Duggan is among those to address the crowd , which organizers say numbered up to 1,500 people . Her nephew Mark , 29 , was shot by police in north London in 2011 . His death sparked protests that led to days of rioting across London and other English cities . His family say he was unarmed , a victim both of the police and of a smear campaign by the media which portrayed him as a "  gangster . " An inquest into his death found that he was lawfully killed , and that it was more likely than not that he had thrown a gun away shortly before police fired at him . Duggan 's aunt said the people of Ferguson had been "  pushed to the edge " and felt they had no other choice but to take to the streets . She insisted they were "  very , very brave " to do so despite the threat posed by "  trigger happy " U.S. police . Offering her condolences to the Brown family , she told the crowd : "  We feel the pain , we know the pain of losing somebody at the hands of the police . We stand in solidarity with the people of Ferguson . " It was this feeling of solidarity which had brought most people -- black , white , young and old -- onto the streets of Mayfair . Duggan warned the crowd : "  What happens there will eventually happen here : If they can murder Michael the way they did , they can murder anyone 's mother , father , brother , sister , daughter or son . " Marcia Rigg sees painful parallels between the case of Brown and that of her brother Sean . The 40-year old died in police custody in London in 2008 . An inquest ruled police officers used an unsuitable degree of force to restrain him . She says "  institutional racism " is a global problem . "  We need change " she insists . "  There needs to be a political will to change , a political will for justice . " Rigg refuses to condone the looting and arson attacks in Ferguson and elsewhere but says she understands the frustration people feel when loved ones are killed . "  What else are they supposed to do ? People are dying unnecessarily on the streets . How can there be peace if there is no justice ? " Several hours after the rally began , dozens of protesters marched from the embassy along New Bond Street -- home to some of London 's most upscale designer stores -- and into Oxford Street , one of the capital 's biggest shopping centers , their windows filled with Christmas displays and twinkling fairy lights . Others marched along Whitehall , past Downing Street -- home of the Prime Minister -- to Parliament Square and New Scotland Yard , headquarters of the Metropolitan Police , which covers London . Protester Diane Neville says she is an "  ordinary mother " just like Lesley McSpadden , the mother of Michael Brown , and that like her she has brought her son up to respect the police . But she is still anxious whenever her son goes out that something will happen to him . "  I saw -LSB- Brown 's -RSB- mother crying this morning -- I 'm a mother just like her ; I 've raised my son , I love my son , as much as she loves -- or loved -- hers , " Neville told CNN . "  The very thought of someone taking my son 's life , I do n't know what would happen to me , I do n't know if I 'd survive ... I would die of a broken heart . " Alejandro Hernandez , from Mexico City , says it is important for communities outside the U.S. to come together in support of the people of Ferguson . "  We can pressure the U.S. government ... -LSB- show them -RSB- that there are people in solidarity , from different movements in different countries who speak different languages , and who are going to be promoting these calls for accountability against Darren Wilson . " Glenroy Watson took part in the protest "  in solidarity with another murder of African people , whether it is here or in the U.S. " adding that while Brown 's death had hit the headlines , he was just one black American to die in such a situation : "  we know that there are many , many more going on ... the situation of enslavement is continuing . " Watson says hopes had once been high that the election of Barack Obama -- the first black U.S. President -- could mend the U.S. 's troubled civil rights history , but that in practice it had done little to improve the situation . "  He was given the Nobel Peace Prize almost before he went into office , but where 's the peace ? " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Hundreds of protesters gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in London on Wednesday evening "  London to Ferguson " rally in support of family of Michael Brown , shot dead by police in U.S. Crowd chanted "  killer police off our streets " and "  hands up ! do n't shoot " while waving placards Relatives of two Britons who died after contact with police addressed the demonstration
AOL Autos  -- Automotive expert Tom Torbjornsen answers a question about how to diagnose an exhaust problem and what to do about it . Dear Tom , Smoke is coming out of the tailpipe of my 2002 Chrysler Sebring with 90,000 miles . Is this a big problem ? I have to put a quart of oil a week in the engine . What should I do ? -- Sally , New York Sally , Generally , engines burn oil due to a few reasons : bad valve seals , worn valve guides , pressurized crankcase  oil pan  due to a clogged PCV valve or breather system , and blow-by from worn piston rings . Bad valve seals : The valves are located in the cylinder head above the combustion chamber . Oil is pumped at 40 to 80 PSI  pounds/square inch  of pressure into the top of the head , lubricating the valve-train . The valves have seals to stop the flow of oil down into the engine when the valve is open . If the seals fail then oil is allowed to flow down into the combustion chamber and is burned . Worn valve guides : A small cylindrical chamber called a valve guide does just what its name says ... it guides the valves . These guides wear out over time causing eccentricity  slop  . The excess gap that forms allows oil to flow down the valve stem into the combustion chamber to be burned . Normally the valve seal stops this flow . However , in this case the gap is too great for the seal to work . AOL Autos : Should you use synthetic motor oil ? Pressurized crankcase due to clogged PCV or breather system : Your car 's engine is a giant air pump , consequently it must breathe . The PCV  Positive Crankcase Ventilation  system allows the engine to exhaust the excess pressure buildup  which is a natural phenomenon of the internal combustion engine  . Carbon is a by-product of an engine and can build up in the PCV system , clogging the breathing passages . This in turn pressurizes the oil pan and pushes oil up into the fuel delivery system where it is fed into the engine and burned . AOL Autos : Do I need to replace my air filter ? Blow-by from worn piston rings : The pistons in your car 's engine have seals around them in the form of rings . These rings have two functions :  1  they seal the combustion chamber so that the power developed from the firing of the cylinder is not lost .  2  They provide vital lubrication to the cylinder walls . When the rings wear out , the pressure from combustion reverses down into the oil pan , pressurizing it , and forcing oil into the valve covers . From there it goes through the breather system , back into the fuel delivery system , and into the engine to be burned . I have to put a quart of oil a week in the engine . Is this a big problem ? It 's hard to say without performing some diagnostics on the engine . A quart of oil a week is excessive . It could be due to a plugged PCV or excessive internal engine wear . Take the car into the shop for engine diagnostics . My guess is that the tech will perform a compression test along with a cylinder leak down test after he/she determines if the PCV system is open . During these tests the tech tries to determine if there is loss of engine compression , blow-by , or excessive oil consumption due to ring wear . If excessive ring wear is discovered then further engine teardown will be necessary to determine if the engine needs to be rebuilt or replaced . AOL Autos : How often should you change your oil What is the difference between blue and white smoke ? The engine can emit different colors of smoke : Blue smoke : Blue typically means that engine oil is being burned in the combustion chamber . In rare cases , when a vehicle is equipped with a transmission that uses a device called a vacuum modulator valve  to soften shifts between gears according to engine vacuum  the diaphragm can break inside the valve and cause transmission fluid to be sucked into the engine via the vacuum line feeding the valve and burn . AOL Autos : Fluid leaks : unsafe and expensive White smoke : White can mean one of two things .  1  Water condensation from a blown and leaking head gasket : This gasket is the seal between the cylinder head and engine block . Water runs through channels called water jackets that line the cylinder walls and thus carry away heat . When the head gasket blows , the seal between the cylinder head and engine block breaks and water is allowed to enter the combustion chamber . This water is emitted from the engine in the form of water vapor or steam and it is white in color . 2  Excessive gas : Fuel delivery systems sometimes falter and dump excessive amounts of raw fuel into the intake plenum . When this happens , the amount of fuel is too much for the engine to process . Hence , it exits the engine and tailpipe in the form of pure white fuel vapor . It stinks like raw gas and can be dangerous if it ignites in the hot muffler and catalytic converter . I have witnessed exhaust systems literally blown off the vehicle from the explosion that ensued from ignition of a gas-filled catalytic converter . This condition must be fixed immediately to prevent internal engine damage or worse yet , a serious fire . Can I add oil or coolant and keep driving the vehicle until I can afford to fix it ? Yes . However , be advised that such maladies never get better by themselves ; and they always get worse with time . There is a real possibility that you will get caught on the road driving at highway speeds  thinking you added enough oil , transmission fluid or engine coolant  and the oil runs out , causing a catastrophic failure . In general , when it comes to a need for auto repair , conditions never improve on their own . You must maintain your vehicle if you want to get the maximum life out of it and , in the long run , spend the least amount of money . AOL Autos : How to avoid common car problems	An oil-thirsty engine and smoke coming from car 's tailpipe are signs of trouble Bad valve seals or worn guides , clogged PCV valve , worn piston rings among causes White smoke : Water condensation from blown head gasket , too much gas Blue smoke : Engine oil is being burned in the combustion chamber
CNN  -- It is one of the most important medals in Olympics history . In 1936 Jesse Owens won it and three others at the Berlin Games , spoiling Adolf Hitler 's planned showcase of Aryan superiority . Imagine the shock to Nazi Party elites when a black American , the son of a sharecropper and grandson of slaves , stared down fascist propaganda , bested his rivals and took home four gold medals . Hitler was furious , but tens of thousands of ordinary Germans cheered him on . Documentary explores Jesse Owens ' life beyond victory Owens won the 100 - and 200-meter sprints , the long jump and ran the opening leg for the winning 4x100-meter U.S. relay team . Sports Illustrated chose Owens ' feat as the greatest Olympic moment of all time . So auctioneers predict the medal will sell for more than $ 1 million . "  It leaves one nearly speechless to behold this medal . It survives as one of the world 's most poignant symbols of triumph , " the vice president of SCP Auctions , Dan Imler , said in a written statement . No one knows where the other three original medals are , the auction house said . As of Monday night , the online bidding had reached more than $ 200,000 . The medal was given by Owens to friend Bill "  Bojangles " Robinson a few years after the Olympics , and the late entertainer 's widow Elaine Plaines-Robinson is selling the medal , the auction house said . The forgotten godfathers of black American sport Owens was n't able to immediately cash in on his Olympic glory . Instead of earning a living from his extraordinary athleticism , he ended up opening a dry cleaning business and occasionally raced against horses at the behest of promoters . "  People said it was degrading for an Olympic champion to run against a horse , but what was I supposed to do ? " Owens once said , according to an ESPN.com article . "  I had four gold medals , but you ca n't eat four gold medals . " Author William O. Johnson wrote in 1990 that Robinson set up Owens as the bandleader of 12-piece big band . All he had to do was introduce each song and croon some . "  Well , I could n't play an instrument . I 'd just stand up front and announce the numbers . They had me sing a little , but that was a horrible mistake . I ca n't carry a tune in a bucket , " Johnson wrote , quoting Owens . Owens later was able to make a good living as a public relations man and public speaker . Robinson passed away in 1949 ; Owens died in 1980 . The auction closes Saturday . Opinion : Haunting lesson of Nazi Olympics	It is unclear what happened to the other three historic medals Jesse Owens gave this one to Bill "  Bojangles " Robinson Owens did n't reap a big endorsement deal for his triumphs in Berlin Auction ends Saturday and could top $ 1 million
HIGH BRIDGE , New Jersey  CNN  -- "  The thought that I can reach out and permanently improve someone 's life for the better is addictive , " says Dave Schweidenback . Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps in Ecuador from 1977-80 . Several times a year , the 55-year-old can be found prepping large shipments of used bicycles bound for a developing country . For Schweidenback , gathering and breaking down these bikes is a labor of love -- one that is helping to keep the bikes out of landfills and give them new life . "  Used bicycles can transform the economic and social condition of families , " says Schweidenback . " -LSB- They -RSB- give people access to jobs , health care and education that is too distant for walking . " Since 1991 , Schweidenback 's nonprofit Pedals for Progress has collected and shipped more than 115,000 used bicycles to 32 developing countries worldwide , where they are sold at a low cost to local residents like Don Roberto Garcia . "  A used woman 's mountain bicycle changed my life , " says Garcia , 54 , a house cleaning supplies salesman in Nicaragua who works six days a week to support his six children and buy medicine for his wife , who suffers from cancer . For 20 years , Garcia walked six to seven hours a day , hauling his merchandise in a wheelbarrow along a 6 mile route . This earned him $ 2 - $ 3 a day . "  More than anything , I would always return home so tired from the walk , " Garcia recalls . Little by little , Garcia saved his money and was able to buy a used bicycle six years ago from a Pedals for Progress partner agency in Jinotepe , Nicaragua . "  Because of a bicycle , I now earn about $ 4 a day , " says Garcia . "  I sell more and I do my rounds quicker . I tell everyone to go buy a bicycle . " Watch Garcia explain how a used bicycle has helped him in Nicaragua " The seeds for Schweidenback 's Pedals for Progress were planted years ago while he was volunteering for the Peace Corps from 1977-80 in Ecuador , near the Amazon Basin . "  Besides the bus that comes through town and one guy that owned a pickup truck , everybody walked everywhere all the time , " he recalls . "  My landlord was the exception because he owned the only bike in a 500-mile radius . He was the most successful man in the region because he could access a job and get wherever he needed to go . " Years later , Schweidenback noticed used bicycles at garage sales and in garbage cans throughout his New Jersey community . "  I remembered how -LSB- the need -RSB- in developing countries was so great , that I could n't stop thinking about it , " he says . Knowing the bikes could be put to better use , Schweidenback asked members of his community to donate 12 used bicycles ; he planned to send them to Ecuador . The community brought him 140 . Within a year , Schweidenback had created Pedals for Progress and shipped roughly 500 bicycles to developing countries . Today , Schweidenback organizes 140 used bike drives each year and , on average , collects 90 bicycles in three hours . Donors are asked to pay a $ 10 fee per bike to help cover shipping costs and reduce the cost of the bicycle when it 's sold overseas . Each bike is sold for about $ 15 . Watch how Pedals for Progress bikes get from donors to people in developing countries " "  There 's a bike that 's unloved in every garage in this country . Rather than put these old bikes in landfills for no reason , we can use them as economic stimulus to aid our neighbors , " Schweidenback says . "  This is the transfer of wealth between nations because these have great value overseas . And they give people the ability to hold a job or a child the ability to go to school . " Watch Schweidenback talk about his inspiration for Pedals for Progress " Pedals for Progress bicycles have been sent to countries in Central America , Africa , Eastern Europe and the Caribbean . For Schweidenback , knowing he 's making an impact keeps him going . "  You can change someone 's life with your bike . "	CNN Hero 's nonprofit Pedals for Progress gives new life to used bicycles Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps More than 115,000 used bikes have been sent to 32 developing countries since '91 Low-cost bikes help local residents gain access to jobs , health care and schools
CNN  -- Catholic faithful from Latin America cheered the historic election of the first pope from the region Wednesday . Crowds swarmed outside the metropolitan cathedral in Buenos Aires , chanting as they waved Argentine flags . Smiling immigrants and tourists praised the news on the steps of New York 's St. Patrick 's Cathedral . Pilgrims at Mexico City 's Basilica of Guadalupe said they were thrilled . Even though about 480 million of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics live in Latin America , for centuries , the church 's top job has gone to Europeans . That changed with the announcement that Argentine Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio , who served as archbishop of Buenos Aires , would become the new pontiff . Bergoglio , 76 , chose the name Pope Francis . "  I felt like crying . I felt great excitement . It is a blessing from God , " said Ines Ambrosi , who spoke to CNN en EspaÃ ± ol outside New York 's St. Patrick 's Cathedral shortly after the news was announced . "  In Latin America there are millions of Catholics and truly it has been a bit forgotten by the church . Now we feel very represented , and proud . " New pope adopts the name Francis Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner -- whose government has sparred with Bergoglio in the past -- sent a letter congratulating him as he assumed his new role . "  Today is a historic day . ... For the first time in 2,000 years of the church there is going to be a pope that comes from Latin America , " she said later at an event broadcast on public television . "  And from our hearts we wish for Francis that he can accomplish a greater degree of fraternity between peoples and religions . " Talk Back : What kind of spiritual leader will draw people back to organized religion ? Argentine Martin Watson compared the new pope to another kind of celebration that has historically been far more common in his country . "  The news , for us , was almost like winning the World Cup in soccer , " he said . But he added that the papal pick goes beyond national pride . "  For Latin America , it will be a great change . More eyes will be focused on our region , and maybe we 'll have more support for our region , " he said . "  We have a lot of needs . We have more than 50 % in each country of the region  that  are very poor . That would be a great help for them . " 5 things to know about the new pope Excitement spreads beyond Argentina Mexico 's Catholic bishops released a statement praising the news . "  For the churches that are pilgrims in Latin America , it is the cause of great joy , " the statement said . "  For the Mexican church , it is a clear sign of love for the churches that are pilgrims in these lands . " In St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City , a woman from Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper she was overcome with emotion . "  I feel that Mexico has been a country that has suffered a lot , and so has Latin America , but it is a people that has always put trust in God , " she said , "  so it is absolutely wonderful to represent our part of the world this time around . " Beside her , a woman from Mexico City said her heart jumped when she heard the announcement that a pope had been picked . A look at the life of Cardinal Bergoglio "  I 'm so excited , " she said . "  It 's a reason of being proud tonight , because Latin America is a very important Catholic area and now it 's going to be totally represented here , so I 'm so proud and I 'm so happy today . ... It 's going to help a lot , a Latin American pope , it 's going to help . It 's going to rebuild many things , and it 's a new start . " In Brazil , the secretary-general of the country 's Council of Bishops said he and many others were surprised , but happy , that Bergoglio was chosen . "  It is a very beautiful sign that the cardinals gave us by electing a Latin American cardinal , now our Pope Francis , " said Leonardo Ulrich Steiner , according to state-run Agencia Brasil . "  It shows that the church is truly universal . " In Venezuela , interim leader Nicolas Maduro suggested the late President Hugo Chavez -- who died last week -- could have influenced the church 's historic move . "  We know that our commander ascended to those heights , " Maduro said in remarks broadcast on state-run VTV . "  He is face to face with Christ . He influenced something . ... Some new hand arrived , and Christ said , well , the new hour of South America has arrived . " Before Wednesday 's announcement , speculation had surged that the church might select its first non-European pope of the modern era . What 's in a name ? "  It would be an enormous gesture to name a Latin American pope , " Virginia Garrard-Burnett , a professor of history and religious studies at the University of Texas at Austin , said earlier this week . Because Catholicism is losing ground in the region , a pope from there could be a boost for the faith , she said . Priest : Pope gives hope and pride to U.S. Latinos The pick is also good news for Catholic Latinos in the United States , said the Rev. Juan J. Molina , the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops associate director for the church in Latin America . "  He is also the son of migrants . And for us , Hispanics in the United States , this is very important . ... I think that this topic of migration is going to be very important for him , " Molina told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . "  And we , the Hispanics , the Latinos that now live in the United States ... we can also take some hope and pride that this pope intimately knows and has deeply lived the life of a migrant . " New pope 's name choice ` precedent shattering ' Bergoglio 's selection also sends a significant message throughout Latin America , Molina said , where the Catholic faith has had a strong presence for centuries . "  The election of a Latin American pope demonstrates that we are now empowered with this faith , " Molina said . "  The church in Latin America is a mature church . " Even the new pope himself alluded to the fact that the church had reached farther than ever for its papal pick . In his first speech from the balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica , he quipped Wednesday that cardinals had gone to "  the end of the world " to find him . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Marysabel Huston-Crespo in Atlanta , CNNMexico and Rey Rodriguez in Mexico City , Jose Manuel Rodriguez in Buenos Aires , Juan Carlos Lopez in Washington and Rafael Fuenmayor in New York contributed to this report .	"  Today is a historic day , " Argentina 's president says Priest : The pope 's past as the son of immigrants could resonate with Latinos Mexican bishops say his selection is "  a sign of love " for Latin American churches Pope Francis is the first pope from Latin America
A high-altitude avalanche Friday killed 12 Sherpa guides and seriously wounded three in the single deadliest accident on Mount Everest , officials said . Four others are missing , said Madhu Sudan Burlakoti of Nepal 's Tourism Ministry , adding that six people were injured in total . A group of about 50 people , mostly Nepali Sherpas , were hit by the avalanche at more than 20,000 feet , said Tilak Ram Pandey of the ministry 's mountaineering department . The avalanche took place just above base camp in the Khumbu Ice Fall . The climbers were accounted for , Pandey said . "  Rescue teams have gone ... to look for the missing . " Before Friday , the deadliest single-day toll was from an accident in May 1996 , when eight climbers disappeared when a huge storm hit . Their tragic story was chronicled in Jon Krakauer 's bestselling book "  Into Thin Air . " Everest by the numbers Readying for the climb Between May 15 and 30 is usually the best window for reaching the 29,028-foot peak . Climbers and guides had been setting the ropes for the route , acclimating to the climate and preparing the camps along the route when the avalanche hit Friday , said Gordon Janow with Alpine Ascents International in Seattle . Climbers arrive in April to acclimate to the altitude before heading toward the summit of the world 's highest mountain . Ethnic Sherpas acts as guides for the mostly foreign clients . Busiest season The spring climbing season is the busiest of the year . About 334 foreign climbers have been given permission to climb Everest over the next couple of months , with an estimated 400 Sherpas helping them , mountaineering official Dipendra Poudel said . Until the late 1970s , only a handful of climbers reached the top each year . The number topped 100 for the first time in 1993 . By 2004 , it was more than 300 . In 2012 , the number was more than 500 . The deadliest year on Everest was 1996 , when 15 people died . Another 12 climbers were killed in 2006 . Climbers , widow recount deadly traffic jam on Everest On top of the world in 1963	Four people remain missing , Nepal Tourism Ministry official says The deadliest year on Mount Everest was 1996 , when 15 people died More than 300 climbers have been given permission to tackle Everest this spring About 400 Sherpas will help them make the grueling ascent
CNN  -- The tragic hot air balloon crash in Luxor on Tuesday comes at a time when Egypt 's tourism industry has been struggling to prove that the country is still safe to visit in the wake of the 2011 revolution . Nineteen people died when canisters aboard the balloon exploded over Luxor , a popular destination for tourists visiting its ancient temples and tombs . Read more : Egypt balloon explosion probe could take two weeks International tourism has long been a mainstay of the Egyptian economy , with United Nations World Tourism Organization  UNWTO  figures showing it generated $ 10.1 B in 2012 . "  To give you an idea , international tourism generates more income to Egypt that the Suez Canal  $ 5.1 B in 2011 as compared to $ 8.7 B from tourism that same year  , " UNWTO chief of communications Sandra Carvao said . "  In terms of the impact on jobs , tourism employs directly nearly 18 million people . " In January -- two years after the start of the 2011 uprising that overthrew long-time Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak -- protests again took place in Egyptian cities . Official media reported that at least seven people were killed during clashes between anti-government protesters and those loyal to new President Mohamed Morsi . Read more : What 's behind the latest wave of violence in Egypt ? Nadejda Popova , senior travel and tourism analyst at market research company Euromonitor International , acknowledged that the ongoing political unrest -- as well as Europe 's economic downturn -- had affected Egyptian tourism . But she said Egypt remained a key Middle Eastern tourism destination and that there were indications that there had been a slight recovery in 2012 . Euromonitor 's preliminary figures suggested that there had been a 4 % rise on 2011 to 9.4 million tourism arrivals -- as well as signs investors had not given up on Egypt 's tourism market , she said . The UNWTO 's 2012 data also pointed to what Carvao described as "  a clear recovery in demand " , with a 17 % increase in tourism arrivals , to 11.2 million . How safe is hot air ballooning ? However , Popova said numbers were still down , with the political transition "  heavily impacting " Egyptian tourism . "  It is far away from the pre-crisis levels when we had 12 million , for example , in 2010 tourist arrivals in the country , " she said . "  The political instability and the continuous uprising have been probably among the biggest threats to this recovery . " Popova said she expected numbers to return to their pre-crisis levels by 2017 . Earlier this month Egypt 's tourism minister , Hisham Zazou , told CNN that live webcams were being installed in holiday hotspots to prove that the country 's tourism industry was healthy . Footage of holidaymakers "  basking in the sun " would give Egypt 's tourism industry more credibility , he said . "  When -LSB- tourists -RSB- see it , they will come . " Read more : Egypt 's tourism minister -- Webcams will prove we 're safe Popova said the Egyptian authorities were developing strategies to strengthen tourism with a focus on diversifying the market . In 2012 , Russia remained one of the leading countries in terms of arrivals , alongside travelers from the UK , Germany and Italy , but the tourism ministry was trying to lure in more travelers from other markets such as Asia and Latin America , she said . Morsi 's decision to host Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- the first Iranian president to visit Egypt in more than 30 years -- was potentially another way of diversifying the consumer segment , she said . Read more : Shoes hurled at Iranian President Ahmadinejad during trip to Cairo Travel journalist and senior travel editor at Britain 's The Independent newspaper Simon Calder said an increase in interest from Asia was unfortunately reflected in the list of the dead from the Luxor disaster . Officials said those on board included nine tourists from Hong Kong , four from Japan , three from Britain , two from France and one from Hungary . The last thing post-revolutionary Egypt needed was "  a tragedy of this magnitude , " Calder said . "  Even though -- during the entire two years to my knowledge -- not a single tourist has been harmed , it gives the impression of a state unraveling where security can not be guaranteed , " he said . It 's a tremendous thing and great tribute to the people in the country that they 've managed to protect their guests , however this is possibly going to create a different image . " Popova said while she did not expect the crash to have "  major repercussions " for Egypt 's tourism industry as a whole , it had tarnished its image . Egypt 's temporary ban on balloon flights -- introduced after the crash -- was "  an indication the authorities are concerned not only about the safety of the people but also about their image and how people perceive them , " she said . The disaster was a blow for an industry "  trying everything in their effort to bring people back to the country , " she said .	Nineteen people -- mainly foreign tourists -- died in a ballooning disaster in Luxor on Tuesday Egypt 's international tourism industry has been negatively affected by the 2011 revolution Analysts say that figures for 2012 showed there had been a slight recovery in the industry They say the ballooning disaster is a blow to Egyptian efforts to grow tourism
CNN  -- Police in Poland have arrested two men in connection with explosions at Ikea stores in several European countries , they said Saturday . The two men , both age 39 , are accused of trying to force Ikea to pay a ransom of 6 million euros  U.S. $ 8 million  . They were arrested after a joint operation involving several hundred officers from Poland 's Central Investigation Bureau and investigators from other countries , police said in a statement . There were eight explosions of increasing strength between May and early September , at large stores in France , Belgium , Holland , Germany and the Czech Republic , police said . Initially the explosions were treated as individual cases in the countries where they occurred , but police now believe the plot was orchestrated from Poland , the statement said . The suspects made use of technology and traveled large distances to try to avoid detection in Poland , it added . The men have been accused of racketeering and extortion offenses , as well as endangering people 's lives . One of the suspects , identified as Adam K. , has no previous criminal record , is fluent in four languages and previously worked as a manager at several large corporations , giving him technical expertise , police said . The second suspect , identified as Nicholas G. , has a record of past drug offenses , police said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Polish police say the men were trying to extort 6 million euros from Ikea The explosions occurred at Ikea stores in several countries this year Police say the men tried hard to cover their tracks in Poland
CNN  -- Heat . There 's been plenty of it to go around in Arizona these first days of summer -- literally and politically -- after the air conditioning went out at a dog kennel . Sheriff 's deputies found 20 dead dogs piled up in a shed on Friday at Green Acres Dog Boarding Facility in Gilbert . The public shock over their deaths led a U.S. senator to issue a public statement on Monday . As fate would have it , Republican Sen. Jeff Flake 's son , Austin , was minding the kennel , when the dogs died . Green Acres is owned and operated by two of Flake 's relatives , Jesse and Maleisa Hughes , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's office said . The couple was out of town , leaving Austin Flake to dogsit , when a dog apparently chewed through the electric wiring connected to the air conditioning , said Sheriff Joe Arpaio . He called it an accident , but at the same time cast doubt on the kennel owners ' account of how the dogs died . Kennel owners : It was an accident "  It was a tragic accident , " Hughes told CNN . "  We are heartbroken , and we 're devastated . " She does n't believe anyone could have predicted or stopped what happened . The air conditioning unit kicked out in the middle of the night , Hughes said . Austin Flake and his wife slept at the east end of the house , while the temperature climbed to seething heights in the kennel on the west end , Maleisa Hughes said . The dogs sleep there at night in a large , cooled room , she said . The two sides of the house have separate air conditioning units , so the Flakes could n't feel the suffocating heat . During the day in Gilbert , the mercury has blasted up to over 100 degrees F , easily making it hard to find relief , perhaps even after temperatures dip back down to under 80 at night . By the time the Flakes discovered the dogs at 5:30 a.m. , the temperature was over 100 degrees , Hughes said . The gnawed wire was still sputtering off sparks . "  It could have burned down our whole house , " Hughes said . "  My whole house could have burned down and all my children could have died , and then it would have been a tragedy . " One of the dogs that perished was her own . The Flakes turned a hose and ice on the overheated dogs to try to save them , the sheriff 's office said . "  But failed to call for emergency assistance before the dogs died . " Sheriff : Story "  seems unreasonable " Sheriff Arpaio said that his office is investigating and that parts of Hughes ' story seems suspicious . "  It seems unreasonable that dogs could be healthy at 11 p.m. at night and dead by 5:30 a.m. the next morning as the owners suggest , " he said . A veterinarian he conferred with has corroborated his doubts , Arpaio said . Deputies arrived to find some of the dogs ' owners at Green Acres . A couple cried and hugged , as deputies used a wheel barrow to cart off dogs ' carcasses wrapped in cloth . Pet owners told Arpaio that the Hughes misled them about the number of dogs kept at the kennel . The Hughes have not been arrested or charged , CNN affiliate KPNX reported . Prodigal embarrassments News of the pet deaths on his son 's watch were followed by a statement from Sen. Flake . "  I ca n't imagine the devastating loss these families are experiencing . My heart goes out to the owners who lost their beloved pets , " he said . This is the second summer in a row that a member of Flake 's family was involved in a controversy . In June of last year , another son , Tanner Flake , reportedly published racial epithets , homophobic slurs and anti-Semitic remarks on Twitter and used them as user names in online games . Texas inmates sue over lack of air conditioning CNN 's Shane Deitert contributed to this report	Sheriff 's deputies found the dead dogs piled up in a shed at a kennel A senator 's son and his wife were watching the animals when they died The kennel owners were out of town ; they say it was an accident The sheriff casts doubt on their story , so does a veterinarian
A video from 2011 has resurfaced showing American-born al Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn discussing how easy it is to buy guns in the United States and urging fellow radicals to do so . In the video , the California-raised Gadahn said militants should arm themselves for attacks on Western governments . "  America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms , " said Gadahn , "  You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle , without a background check , and most likely without having to show an identification card . So what are you waiting for ? " Al Qaeda supports lone wolf terrorists abroad and has emphasized shootings , which require less specialized training than bombings or other attacks and may have a better chance of succeeding . The Army psychiatrist accused in the Fort Hood massacre in November 2009 and the suspect in the shooting of two U.S. servicemen at Frankfurt airport in early 2011 allegedly were inspired by al Qaeda . Gadahn is n't new to sharing his thoughts through video . In 2006 , he praised those who took part in the 9/11 attacks and called President Barack Obama a "  devious , evasive and serpentine American president with a Muslim name . " However , the video released in June 2011 has found new life on buzzfeed.com amid the drive for new gun control laws in the United States following last December 's school massacre in Connecticut . Federal law requires background checks on gun sales from licensed dealers and proposed legislation in the Senate would expand the mandate to gun shows and Internet transactions . Still , Gadahn was wrong about the ease of buying a fully automatic weapon . It is illegal under federal law to do so from anyone but a specially-licensed dealer , and additional permission is required as is a background check . Are they legal ? Yes . Are they as easily obtainable as Gadahn suggests ? No .	Video from 2011 shows al Qaeda spokesman discussing ease of buying a gun in the U.S. Adam Gadahn is known for sharing his thoughts through video The video resurfaced on Buzzfeed as debate Congress continues over gun control Al Qaeda has had a history of inspiring lone wolf terrorists
CNN  -- Russia opposes U.S. and European leaders ' calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to resign , Interfax news agency reported Friday , saying that the leader should get more time to implement reforms . The move by Russia counters efforts by leaders ratcheting up international pressure against a regime criticized for its brutal crackdown against protesters calling for reforms and the ouster of al-Assad . "  We do not support such calls , and we think that President al-Assad should be given time today to implement all of the declared reform processes , " a Russian Foreign Ministry official told the nation 's Interfax news agency . The White House has previously said al-Assad had "  lost legitimacy , " but resisted calling explicitly for his ouster until now . "  The future of Syria must be determined by its people , but President Bashar al-Assad is standing in their way , " President Barack Obama said in a statement Thursday . "  We have consistently said that President Assad must lead a democratic transition or get out of the way . He has not led . For the sake of the Syrian people , the time has come for President Assad to step aside . " The leaders of Canada , France , Germany , the United Kingdom and the European Union echoed Obama 's demand . The refusal by Russia to go along with U.S. and European leaders ' calls is a departure from its stance in June when Prime Minister Vladimir Putin criticized the crackdown and called for pressure to be put on Syria to stop the violence . The Russian Foreign Ministry official , according to Interfax , said "  what counts most is al-Assad 's statement yesterday that they are stopping all military operations . " During a telephone call with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , al-Assad said military operations in the country had been halted . Opposition protesters have refuted the claim , saying security forces have been arresting people and setting up checkpoints in and around cities . Russia also was encouraged with Syria 's agreement to accept a humanitarian mission from the United Nations into the country to look for the effects of the months-long military crackdown on anti-government protesters , the official told Interfax . The humanitarian mission will travel to Syria on Saturday , and spend three to four days in the country , the United Nations said . Syrian Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari said al-Assad has issued 20 reforms since March that will lead toward democracy by the end of the year . "  This is , after all , what the peaceful demonstrators are calling for , " he said The Foreign Ministry official , according to Interfax , said al-Assad has taken steps to implement a number of reforms , such as the adoption of "  appropriate laws , " the announced amnesty for political prisoners and readiness to hold general elections before the end of the year . Senior U.S. officials , diplomats and members of the Syrian opposition have argued that the next several weeks will be critical in terms of isolating al-Assad , strengthening sanctions against the regime and bolstering domestic opponents of the regime . The campaign against Syria 's leadership , involving intense diplomatic outreach by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Obama , has been based on the one the United States used in Libya , where the U.S. administration built international consensus for the NATO mission to protect civilians . U.S. and European authorities remain opposed to any military intervention in Syria -- a sharp contrast to their response to regime-sponsored violence in Libya . "  I do n't think anybody believes that is the desired course of action on Syria , " one senior administration official said Thursday . Russia also has threatened to veto any U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Syria that opens the door to international intervention . Several Middle Eastern countries with traditionally close ties to Syria , including Turkey and Saudi Arabia , have been consulted in recent weeks , according to senior administration officials . Meanwhile , a U.N. fact-finding mission announced Thursday it has found Syria guilty of multiple human rights violations , and indicated it may be time for the International Criminal Court to become involved . "  The mission found a pattern of human rights violations that constitutes widespread or systematic attacks against the civilian population , which may amount to crimes against humanity , " the report said . France and other European countries are pushing for a Security Council resolution condemning the al-Assad regime , but they are still facing stiff resistance from Russia , China , Brazil , India and South Africa . The United States is pushing for special session on Syria at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Switzerland as early as next week . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Elise Labott , Alan Silverleib , Nada Husseini , Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	"  We do not support such calls , " a Russian Foreign Ministry official says Russia wants the Syrian president to have time to implement reforms It is encouraged by al-Assad 's statement that military operations have stopped
CNN  -- James Ford Seale , a reputed former member of the Ku Klux Klan convicted in the 1964 abduction and killings of two African-American teenagers in Mississippi , has died in federal prison , the Federal Bureau of Prisons said . He was 75 . Seale died on Tuesday in the Federal Correctional Institution at Terre Haute , Indiana , said bureau spokesman Chris Burke , but he did not provide further details . A jury in 2007 convicted Seale , a former sheriff 's deputy , of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit kidnapping in the disappearances of Charles Eddie Moore and Henry Hezekiah Dee , both 19 . The bodies of both youths were found in a backwater area of the Mississippi River . Seale was serving three life sentences . Seale was not tried for murder , but prosecutors alleged he and fellow Klansmen conspired to abduct , beat and murder Dee and Moore in May 1964 . An indictment accused Seale and his cohorts of picking up the two men hitchhiking and driving them into the Homochitto National Forest in southwest Mississippi 's Franklin County , where the teenagers were beaten and interrogated at gunpoint . Dee and Moore were then bound with duct tape , and weighted down by an engine block and a railroad rail , authorities said . The FBI alleged the two were still alive when they were thrown into the Old Mississippi River , where they drowned . Their decomposed bodies were found two months later during a search for three other missing civil rights workers -- a case that would later be known as the Mississippi Burning Case . The slayings were officially unsolved until Seale was indicted in 2007 , although he had been long suspected in the case . He and another man were arrested in 1964 , but released on bond and never tried . The FBI turned the case over to local authorities , and the investigation was dropped after a justice of the peace said witnesses had refused to testify . The case was revived in 2007 after Moore 's brother , Thomas Moore , discovered Seale was still alive while visiting Franklin County , where he was helping research the case for a Canadian Broadcasting Corporation documentary . Moore told CNN in January 2007 that he then gave the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi the FBI files on the case , which he had obtained from a reporter . U.S. Attorney Dunn Lampton helped form a task force that led to Seale 's indictment . Seale was the first and only person convicted in the Moore and Dee case , the Justice Department has said . Seale 's conviction was overturned , then reinstated , by federal appeals courts amid a legal battle over whether the statue of limitations had expired for his crimes . The battle wound up at the U.S. Supreme Court , which in November 2009 let stand a lower court ruling that the statute of limitations had not expired . In his appeal , Seale claimed the statute of limitations expired five years after the crime . The confusion arose out of the fact that kidnapping could be considered a capital offense in 1964 and had no time limit for prosecution . In 1968 , the high court eliminated the federal death penalty for that crime , and Congress changed the law to reflect that ruling four years later . But lawmakers in 1994 reinstated kidnapping as being death penalty eligible . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	James Ford Seale was convicted in 2007 in the 1964 kidnappings The bodies of the two abducted teenagers were found in the Mississippi River Seale 's conviction was overturned , then reinstated He was serving three life sentences
CNN  -- A woman watching the Dakar Rally in Argentina died Saturday after a vehicle in the event went off the track , striking her and other fans , race organizers said . Sonia Natalia Gallardo died Saturday afternoon at a hospital in Cordoba , Argentina , race organizers said in a statement on the event 's Web site . The others who were hit were being treated for "  slight injuries , " the statement said . The incident , which involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Swiss partner Ulrich Leardi , occurred in the race 's first stage , from Buenos Aires to Cordoba , the organizers said . Schultis and Leardi were driving in a 4x4 Desert Warrior truck , according to the Web site . Tomas Fragueiro , a photojournalist with Argentina 's La Voz del Interior , witnessed the accident and told CNN that he helped police and medical teams take care of the victims . "  I was in the internal zone of the 30-kilometer curve where most reporters were standing , " said Fragueiro in a telephone interview . "  Security did not include the security tapes required in most races and -LSB- Gallardo -RSB- was standing outside a safety zone , " he said . Race officials offered their condolences to the victim 's family and called for organizers and authorities to "  exercise the greatest care and keep within special ` spectator zones . ' " Established in 1978 , the Dakar race is an intrepid , off-the-beaten-path rally that involves modified vehicles . Known for its strenuous itineraries , the race first took place from Paris , France , to Dakar , Senegal , and later moved to other regions of the world . This year 's Dakar race is in South America for the first time . The race spans from Argentina to Chile from January 1 to 17 . CNN 's Helena De Moura contributed to this report .	Sonia Natalia Gallardo dies at a hospital in Cordoba , race organizers say The incident involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Czech partner Ulrich Leardi Spectator was standing "  outside a safety zone , " photojournalist says
CNN  -- If you 're part of the nearly 40 percent of Americans who are independent or centrist , it 's easy to feel frustrated and politically homeless . As activists rally around the most polarizing figures in both parties , we need to play offense from the center and organize across party lines . To that end , I 've compiled two lists of centrist candidates -- six Republicans and five Democrats -- in competitive elections this fall . Their success or failure will say a lot about the strength of the center after a season of RINO hunting and DINO hunting  that 's "  Republican In Name Only " and "  Democat in Name Only "  , and it will indicate the chances of a constructive Congress in the year to come . You 'll notice that each list reflects candidates running outside their party 's geographic base -- Republicans in the Northeast and Pacific Coast , Democrats in the Mountain West and South . Neither group of candidates can afford to be captive to its party 's special interests , and so it exerts its independence . These are the kind of candidates who keep the two-party system flourishing in states that otherwise would revert to one-party rule and reinforce regional red vs. blue stereotypes . They are also the kind of candidates our country is going to rely on , after the elections are over and it 's actually time to govern . Government can not be a warfare of interests , and neither party has a monopoly on good ideas or good people . We need to define the common ground that exists and then build on it . Hyper-partisanship is hurting our country because it is stopping us from uniting to solve the serious challenges we face . And here 's an open secret : The centrists in both parties often agree more on issues than they do with extreme members of their own party . Whether that ultimately results in a third party will be seen down the line , but I know that a centrist coalition will be essential in Congress to bridge close divides and to allow common-ground decisions . Two quick notes : I almost never used the word "  moderate , " because it connotes a mushy middle that splits the difference on every issue . The word "  centrist " better communicates the decisiveness , principle and sense of responsibility that I believe the position can contain . Second , I 'm an independent rather than a Democrat or Republican , and later in the week , I 'll publish a column looking at some of the independent candidates running this year . In the meantime , take in this list of stand-out centrist candidates from both parties and across the country in 2010 . Republicans Meg Whitman , California . Yes , this self-funded GOP nominee for governor has spent an unprecedented amount money to remain competitive as a Republican in the Golden State . She is in many ways a classic centrist : fiscally conservative but liberal on social issues and committed to the politics of problem solving . She 's betting that her CEO experience at the head of eBay will help her in tough but inevitable negotiations with public sector unions and restore this great but troubled state to fiscal sanity . Mark Kirk , Illinois . He should be a GOP hero this election cycle : a Republican with a more than fighting chance to take President Obama 's Senate seat . He 's got fiscal conservative credentials as the first member of the House Appropriations Committee to renounce earmarks . He was a Naval Reservist . But he was opposed by Rush Limbaugh and other conservative opinion makers in the GOP primary largely because he is pro-choice and the co-chairman of the centrist Tuesday Group in the House . Nonetheless , he 's running neck-and-neck to win in November , and if he wins , he will be a major player in the constructive center of the Senate for decades to come . Chris Dudley , Oregon . This former NBA star is giving former Democratic Gov. John Kitzhaber a run for his money . Dudley ca n't convincingly be painted as a far-right zealot -- he 's pro-choice and pro-environment as well as pushing a pro-business agenda . Oregon has a mail-in only ballot , so the election in this Pacific Northwest jewel is already well under way . Robert Ehrlich , Maryland . He established a more than 60 percent approval rating as a Republican governor in Maryland  his lieutenant governor was Michael Steele  before the Democratic tidal wave of 2006 swept him out of office . Now , he 's back in a rematch with the man who beat him , former Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley . He 's been a businessman and a congressman , championing some of the toughest anti-crime and innovative environmental initiatives in the country . Nan Hayworth , New York . She does n't represent Carl Paladino 's Republican Party , but she 's a return to the NY GOP of Rudy Giuliani and George Pataki . This upstate doctor and small-businesswoman is pro-choice and is running for Congress against Democratic incumbent John Hall . It 's a Republican-leaning swing district that went narrowly for George W. Bush in 2004 and Obama in 2008 . Hayworth 's running a few points up against Hall , but she 'll have to get past the drag of Paladino at the top of her ticket . Charlie Bass , New Hampshire . The centrist standard-bearer lost his congressional seat in the Democratic sweep of 2006 , and now he 's aiming for a return . He had the guts to push for Tom DeLay 's removal as party leader in 2005 after the scandals involving imprisoned lobbyist Jack Abramoff . He 's been a charter member of Republican Majority for Choice , Republicans for Environmental Protection and a former director of the Republican Main Street Partnership . Democrats John Hickenlooper , Colorado . This popular mayor of Denver is narrowly leading in polls to take the helm of this center-right state as governor in a three-way race against immigration hardliner Tom Tancredo and GOP nominee Dan Maes . Hickenlooper , an entrepreneur and owner of a local microbrewery , got national attention this year for an ad featuring him taking a shower as a way of washing off all the "  mud " from negative campaigns . Gabrielle Giffords , Arizona . This "  Blue Dog " Democrat won Jim Kolbe 's vacated congressional seat in 2006 and was re-elected in 2008 despite home-state hero John McCain running for president . She 's pro-choice , pro-gun and pro-energy independence . Her husband is the only active-duty military spouse in Congress . Jack Spratt , South Carolina . This old-school budget hawk was one of the leaders of the 1990s budget compromises in Congress that brought the country from deficit to surplus under Clinton and Gingrich . He 's facing a predictably tough House race in a red state like South Carolina this year , but the nation is going to need his experience to get out of its fiscal hole , given the likelihood of divided government again . He 's been appointed to the bipartisan Deficit Reduction Commission , which is set to release its report in December . Blanche Lincoln , Arkansas . This centrist senator is facing the longest odds of anyone on this list in her re-election bid against Republican congressman John Boozman . Critics say she 's alienated her base . Lincoln responds that her fight against the labor unions that pumped $ 1 million into a primary campaign to unseat her because of her opposition to bailouts and the public option shows her independence from party labels in a state that is increasingly conservative . Michael Bennet , Colorado . The nominee to replace Ken Salazar in the Senate was always a tough fit for Colorado -- a former investment banker turned superintendent of the Denver public school system . In this , his first campaign for public office , he 's already fended off a well-financed primary challenge backed by labor unions from a former state legislative leader , who argued that Bennet had n't been liberal enough in Washington . Now he 's locked in a surprisingly tight race against Tea Party favorite Ken Buck , who was expected to be comfortably ahead at this stage of the campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John P. Avlon	John Avlon says in polarized political climate , centrists offer best shot at actual governing Centrists from both sides of aisle agree more with each other than extremists in own party , he says He offers 11 candidates who will close partisan divides , find common ground
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pete Sampras and Roger Federer are two of the modern era 's greatest tennis players . Between them , they have won a staggering 27 Grand Slam singles titles -- and yet , neither player has ever won the French Open . Tennis great Pete Sampras won 14 Grand Slam tournaments but never managed a French Open victory . That legendary players like Sampras and Federer have somehow failed to win at Les Internationaux de France de Roland Garros is just one of the reasons why this Grand Slam tournament holds such a special place on the tennis calendar . The French Open is notably the only Grand Slam event contested on clay -- a factor that separates it from the other three majors , and more than anything else defines the tournament . The layers of crushed brick that constitute the orange-red clay courts of Roland Garros are what brought Sampras -- and still bring Federer -- so much grief . Fellow greats John McEnroe , Boris Becker and Stefan Edberg also failed to win the coveted title . The reason clay may have affected the natural games of these players is because the surface slows the ball and produces a slightly higher , loopier bounce than grass or hard courts . This means the high-power serve of someone like Sampras is negated , opening the way for players with a different style of game . To this extent , the French Open helped create the legend of one of the finest players of all time -- Swedish star Bjorn Borg . Borg won a record six times at Roland Garros . He also won five Wimbledon titles -- but never managed an Australian or U.S. Open crown , both tournaments fought out on hard courts . Describing what makes the French Open so special in an rare one-on-one interview with Indian Web site Rediff.com in 2001 , Borg said : "  It is toughest to win on clay . It is easily the most draining , the toughest Slam . " Offering advice to Sampras , who was at the time still playing for a French Open title , Borg added , "  I would advise him to concentrate on mental strength , to build it up , to hold that strength over the course of the fortnight . "  Along with that , you also need a great deal of physical strength . And most importantly , you have to believe that you can win on clay . " It is not surprising therefore , that Spanish players -- who are generally well-accustomed to playing on clay -- have come to dominate the tournament in recent years . Nine of the last 12 French Open finals have featured at least one Spaniard . The tournament is still held in high regard by France 's population . A record crowd of more than 450,000 people came to watch the action at Roland Garros in 2008 , and according to the tournament organizers , it is the most-watched French event in the world . First played in 1891 as a national tournament , it became an international event in 1925 , and in 1928 moved to the Roland Garros facility at Porte d'Auteuil in Paris , where it remains today . Its chosen title , Roland Garros , was the name of a legendary World War One French aviator , who had frequented the tennis venue when he studied in Paris . The 2009 edition of what Borg called "  the toughest Slam " promises to be just as entertaining and draining as those that have gone before . World number one Rafael Nadal is searching for his fifth consecutive title to usurp Borg 's record of four in a row , which he currently equals . Meanwhile , world number two Roger Federer is looking to avenge three consecutive final defeats at the hands of Nadal . In the women 's draw , the tournament appears wide open . Last year 's champion Ana Ivanovic has slipped to eighth in the world rankings , while the top four ranked players have only one French Open title between them .	Legendary players like Sampras and Federer have failed to win French Open title Roland Garros is the only Grand Slam tennis event held on clay courts Four-time winner Bjorn Borg on the French Open : "  It is toughest to win on clay "
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House on Wednesday took the opposite action on tax cuts as the Senate , rejecting a Democratic proposal championed by President Barack Obama to extend lower tax rates for middle-income Americans , and then passing a Republican plan to maintain the lower rates for everyone for a year . In separate votes that amounted to political posturing in an election year , House Republicans joined by more than a dozen Democrats passed the GOP measure by a 256-171 margin . Minutes earlier , a similar tally defeated the Democratic alternative that would maintain the lower rates for income up to $ 250,000 for families and $ 200,000 for individuals for a year . Wednesday 's votes extended a congressional stalemate over the Bush tax cuts from 2001 and 2003 that has come to symbolize legislative inaction in Washington . Why House tax vote is really about drawing battle lines for the fall Last week , the Senate passed the Democratic version in a sharply polarized 51-48 vote , while the Republican plan was defeated 45-54 . Normally , a congressional conference committee would negotiate a compromise between the measures passed by each chamber , but the volatile tax issue has little chance of receiving further consideration before the November election . Republicans seeking to shrink the size of government oppose any higher taxes and argue the Democratic plan of allowing rates to increase on higher-income Americans will stunt economic growth . GOP leaders say anything short of renewing all the current tax rates amounts to a massive tax increase on small businesses whose owners report their income through personal rather than corporate returns . Democrats contend Republicans are holding hostage tax breaks for the middle class -- including 97 % of small business owners -- in order to keep lower tax rates for 2 % of American taxpayers earning in excess of the $ 250,000 threshold . Both sides agree on extending the lower rates for middle-income Americans , Democrats argue , but they say Republicans are preventing that from happening out of allegiance to a dogmatic opposition to any kind of tax increase on even the wealthiest Americans . Opinion : Why are tax hikes politically radioactive ? Democrats also point to polling that shows a majority of Americans support their approach . Wednesday 's votes completed each party 's opening bid in what is sure to be a frenzied legislative negotiating session after the November vote . The economy is approaching a so-called "  fiscal cliff " brought on by the looming expiration of several tax cuts as well as the approach of a series of mandatory spending cuts . Senate votes on competing tax plans CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	The House measure extends the Bush tax cuts for everyone House Republicans reject a Democratic version to extend most but not all tax cuts The Senate did the opposite last week , passing the Democratic plan No further action on possible tax reform is expected until after the November election
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For three years , family , friends and her college sorority sisters have been looking for Jennifer Kesse , wondering what happened to her . Jennifer Kesse would be 26 now . She has been missing since January 24 , 2006 . Last week , on the third anniversary of Kesse 's disappearance , an inmate in a Florida prison said he might have the answer . David Russ , a convicted killer being held at the Seminole County Jail , spoke last week with the missing woman 's father , Drew Kesse , claiming he had information that could lead to a break in the case . Details are being withheld from the public . In a jailhouse phone call with CNN , Russ hinted he 'd eavesdropped on other inmates . He also was outspoken about his skepticism toward investigators . "  The investigators have messed this case up from the beginning and can not be trusted , " he said . That 's why he asked to speak directly with the missing woman 's father , he said . Orlando police are just as skeptical of Russ . They said he provided information they already had . "  His information is not some big break in the case , " said Sgt. Barbara Jones of the Orlando Police Department . "  We are still hoping for new tips that could lead us to finding Jennifer Kesse . " The 24-year-old financial adviser was just back from a Caribbean vacation with her boyfriend and was getting back into her routine . She went to work at her new job , came home to her new condominium and called her parents . Watch an update on the case " At 10 p.m. , she called her boyfriend , who lived in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Then , her family believes , she went to bed . The next morning , she got up and showered for work . Her clothes were neatly laid out on her bed , her family says , suggesting she may have tried on a few outfits before deciding what to wear to the office . Then , she disappeared , her family said . She did not show up for work that Tuesday morning and her employer reported her missing . Police found Kesse 's Chevy Malibu two days later . It was parked in a gated lot about one mile down the road from the condominium complex where she lived . Inside the vehicle , police found some of Kesse 's personal items , but her purse , wallet , two cell phones and briefcase were missing . The car doors were locked and the car keys were not found . Police later released a video surveillance tape of the car being parked in the lot by someone other than Kesse . The grainy video partially shows a person walking away from the car , past a parking lot gate . Police are uncertain if this person of interest is a man or a woman , because the image is partially obscured by the gate . The person is described as 5 feet 4 inches , with a short haircut , wearing light-colored clothes and dark shoes . The video is time and date-stamped at noon on the day Kesse disappeared . Forensic tests on the vehicle came back inconclusive , Sgt. Jones said . No blood or other trace evidence was found to show that Kesse had been injured in the vehicle . Drew Kesse said that every Tuesday , landscapers worked at the condo complex near his daughter 's parking space . The landscapers said they did n't see Kesse leaving her apartment and getting into her car , which she did every weekday morning between 7:30 and 7:45 a.m. "  The only theory we could come up with is that she walked out her front door and was kidnapped somewhere between her front door and the parking lot where her car was . We think since the landscapers did n't see her , she must not have even made it out of the hallways or stairwells of the condo complex , " Drew Kesse said . He added that there were n't any surveillance cameras in the hallways or stairwells at the time his daughter was living there . Sgt. Jones said investigators have developed forensic evidence from Kesse 's car that could someday match with a person of interest and identify a suspect . Police have also released a photo of a green clover tattoo on Kesse 's left hip . Anyone with information leading to Jennifer Kesse or the person responsible for her disappearance is asked to call the tip line at 1-800-423-TIPS . The reward is $ 10,000 . Kesse would be 26 years old and has blonde hair , green eyes , is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds .	Inmate calls missing woman 's father , says he heard other inmates talking Police say inmate 's information is nothing new Jennifer Kesse was 24 , disappeared three years ago near Orlando , Florida Information ? Call 1-800-423-TIPS . A $ 10,000 reward is offered
Washington  CNN  -- Election night was terrible for the Democratic Party , and Hillary Clinton was not spared . Clinton visited 20 states and stumped for 26 candidates ahead of Election Day 2014 . Her midterm record was an abysmal 11 wins , 14 losses and one runoff , according to CNN projections . But there is an argument - Clinton advisers will spin it to you - in the context of what appears to be an all-but-certain run in 2016 , that her Midterm record is far less important than what she gained while campaigning for Democrats . Re-learning to stump Going into the Midterms , Clinton 's mostly paid speeches were corporate and dull . She addressed audiences that were full of executive types who did not alawys seem excited to see her ; many of whom were attending conferences that had no connection to the former secretary of state . That changed during Clinton 's time on the campaign trail . The former secretary of state stretched her long-dormant political legs and toyed with what will likely be her presidential message . She honed a new message based on women 's rights and opposition to Wall Street and - perhaps most importantly - got some needed practice ahead of a possible presidential run . When the former secretary of state took the stage at September 's Tom Harkin Steak Fry in Iowa - her first real political speech of the year - she appeared to reporters on the ground to be flat and out-of-practice . That afternoon , the crowd responded with far more excitement to Tom Harkin , their retiring senator , and Bill Clinton , Hillary 's husband and the former president . But over time during the Midterms , Clinton became more comfortable on the stump . "  Elections come down often to who 's got more money , who 's peddling more fear and who turns out , " Clinton confidently told an excited audience in North Carolina in October . She did n't she away from hitting her Republican opponents and drawing some contrast between them and the person she was endorsing . Most noticeably , Clinton honed her focus on women . Nearly every event Clinton did was geared towards some combination of mothers and grandmothers . In Pennsylvania she spoke to a "  Women for Wolf " event , while in Louisiana it was "  Moms and Grams with Mary " who filled the event space . Clinton seemed to embrace the theme and recognize that fact that if she runs for president , it will be from a historic perch as possibly the nation 's first woman president . "  Do n't let anyone dismiss what you 're doing today as women 's work , " she told an audience in San Francisco . "  Do n't let anyone send you back to the sidelines . " As Clinton has grown back into the role of retail politician , though , so have her Republican detractors . Groups like the Republican National Committee and America Rising learned how to prod Clinton and poked her with emails to reporters and tweets about her gaffes . They sometimes drove the media conversation and seized on mistakes she made . Shortly after the Senate officially turned red on Tuesday , Rand Paul 's Facebook page uploaded a photo of Clinton and the six losing Senate candidates that she endorsed . "  HillarysLosers , " read the photos that went gangbusters online . The morning after the country , effectively , turned red , the Republican National Committee blasted an email to reporters : "  Hillary 's Policies Were On The Ballot . " ` This is bigger than a single surrogate ' Clinton 's closest confidants also do n't see Tuesday as a repudiation of Clinton . "  This is bigger than a single surrogate , " said a Clinton source with knowledge of her midterm schedule who requested anonymity to speak candidly . "  No surrogate is that , sort of , silver bullet . " The source added that going into the midterms there was a realization that Clinton "  has n't given a political speech , certainly on any regular basis , in six years . " Given that , and despite her less than 50 percent batting average with successful candidates , people close to Clinton felt confidant that the midterms were time well spent for the former first lady . "  I think her going back in for Grimes was a good example -LSB- of not shying away from tough races -RSB- , going to Iowa twice , too " the source said . "  There was no , ` Oh man , we ought to pull out of here because it is going to be a loss . " The source argued that 2016 did n't come up a great deal during the conversations about where to go in 2014 . Growing from the book tour Hillary Clinton 's book tour was defined by her gaffes in the interviews trying to sell it . Out of the gate , Clinton slipped up answering questions about her and her husband 's wealth - pointing out the now mega-rich couple was "  dead broke " when they left the White House - and it seemed like she was never fully able to recover . Longtime Clinton confidants were concerned about her book tour performance . "  With the book tour , there were a lot of unforced errors . That was concerning , " said one longtime Clinton adviser . "  It was an open question whether she was going to fumble about her wealth . " But watching Clinton on the stump , the source said , it seemed that Clinton kicked off the rust . Republicans see it differently . "  She is going to have to meet a reality where talking about only war on women issues and raising the minimum wage is not sufficient to win a national election or elections in these states , " said Tim Miller , executive director of America Rising , said after Tuesday night . "  I think that is a reality that the whole Democratic Party is going to have to meet but Hillary Clinton was gung ho about that message , too . " The midterms also were n't rhetorically flawless for Clinton . In Boston , the former first lady "  shorthanded " a line that seemed to hint it was n't "  corporations and business that create jobs . " Clinton went on to walk back the comment that was , for the most part , her only noticeable gaffe for two months on the stump . That is a departure from her book tour , a two month long affair riddled with slips of the tongue , and confidants were happy to see her gaffe on the populist side of the party . "  Was it completely without these sort of perceived bumps ? No , " said the source with knowledge of Clinton 's midterm schedule . "  But , at the end of the day , was it viewed as time well spent ? Yes . "	Hillary Clinton helped Democrats campaign during the 2014 Midterm Clinton found a voice campaigning for other Democrats and honed what will likely be her 2016 message Clinton 's Republican detractors also grew and learned how to effectively attack Clinton
CNN  Hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered in cities across Brazil this weekend , incensed by serious economic woes and a massive scandal involving the country 's oil company . The demonstrators have called for President Dilma Rousseff to be impeached . CNN correspondent Shasta Darlington , who lives in Sao Paulo , explains who the demonstrators are , why they 're mad and what could be in store for the President and the country . What do the protesters want ? They 're angry about the country 's economy being in shambles at a time when political corruption at the highest levels of government is alleged . If it were just one of those things , maybe we would n't be seeing this kind of turnout because Brazilians have lived with corruption for decades and the economy was not doing well before the presidential election in October . But it 's all come to a head . Political corruption -- let 's break that down . What 's the scandal about ? Petrobras is the national oil company . It 's one of the most powerful , richest companies in the country -- and has been counted among the largest in the world . It was very respected . People invested in it . Rousseff , who won election in October by a slim margin , was -- before becoming President -- the chairwoman of Petrobras ' board of directors . She was chairwoman during much of the time that former oil company executives have told investigators that bribes were paid to Petrabras executives and politicians in order to secure contracts from Petrobras . In early March , the country 's highest court authorized the investigation which involves about 40 politicians , many of them from the President 's ruling Workers ' Party and the speakers of the House and Senate . But Rousseff has n't been accused of anything , right ? Right . She 's not being investigated . Protesters ' call for impeachment -- the formal process of accusing , because she 's not been accused of anything -- looks very unlikely . But , the public perception is that even if she did n't personally profit for this scheme , she was still the chairwoman at a time when it was supposedly happening and she should be held accountable . Has she responded to the protesters ? She has . What she says is that she will not stand for corruption and she 's rooting it out . As proof , she contends , she 's given her attorney general free rein to investigate who is stealing from the state oil company . It 's important to know that the Petrobras scandal has been known publicly for at least a year and during Rousseff 's election campaign , she said over and over that she would root out corruption . It 's also interesting that she is n't lashing out at protesters . She is saying she wo n't put up with violence -- and so far the protests have n't gotten violent . But she says that Brazil is a democratic country and people have the right to protest . She comes from a left-wing background so that approach is fitting . You brought up that she is from the left-wing Workers ' Party . How is that significant ? The protests were mostly organized by the right-wing party that opposes Rousseff ... organized by people who did n't vote for her . There are n't people out today protesting . The next demonstrations are scheduled for April 12 . I guess that goes to how organized these demonstrations really are -- setting an advance date like that . Yes , well , that 's Brazil . It 's so the word can get out on social media . If she 's not accused of anything and the protests are politically motivated , will the protests affect her presidency ? Rousseff has four years ahead of her , it could end up being very hard for her govern . She won a little over half the vote in October and the people who did n't vote for her are still making their voices heard . And this Petrobras scandal is a problem . Why was the election so close ? You have to bring it back to the economy . It had been slowing down , and traditionally the wealthier parts of the country like Sao Paulo have n't voted for Rousseff 's party , the Workers ' Party . The country is at 7.5 % inflation . The April 12 protest is ahead but three or four months down the road , what might happen ? The Senate and House speakers are Rousseff 's allies and they are among those implicated in the Petrobras scheme . What if she is n't able to get badly needed legislation ? What will she do ? What will be party do ? These questions are hard to answer now . CNN 's Ashley Fantz in Atlanta talked with CNN 's Shasta Darlington who lives and reports in Brazil .	CNN 's Shasta Darlington , who lives in Sao Paulo , explains who protesters are and what they want Demonstrators are angry about a massive scandal involving state oil company Protesters also are incensed about a stumbling economy
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court declined on Monday to review an abortion-related appeal , a sign the justices were not eager to jump into the contentious social issue . The case dealt with the constitutionality of state "  personhood " laws that say life begins at conception , and would give human embryos the rights and privileges of citizens . Initiative Petition 395 is a proposed ballot measure to amend Oklahoma 's state constitution , but was unanimously struck down by the state 's supreme court . Those justices said the measure , if approved , would unconstitutionally ban access to abortions , and concluded that defining a fertilized human egg as a person "  is clearly unconstitutional . " The high court gave no reason why it decided not to review the Oklahoma case . Supporters of the measure believe voters should be given the right to decide an issue like defining life , and said it was unfair for the courts to block the law before it was enacted . Opponents counter it would essentially block abortions even in cases of rape , incest , or when the mother 's life was in danger . They also said it would severely restrict use of contraception and in vitro fertilization . A bill similar to Oklahoma 's is pending in the Virginia legislature . Voters in Colorado and Mississippi have rejected "  personhood " ballot initiatives in recent years . Many backers had hoped to use such "  gateway " measures to force another Supreme Court showdown over the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling legalizing abortion . The case is Personhood Oklahoma v. Barber  12-145  .	Case focused on "  personhood " laws that say life begins at conception , extend certain rights to embryos Supporters believe voters should decide issue ; Opponents say it would block abortion in most cases Ballot initiatives pending in Virginia and other states ; Some states have rejected similiar measures
CNN  -- Talk about rubbing it in . As if Liverpool fans needed reminding of last season 's traumatic collapse with a long-awaited English Premier League title in sight , the club 's hangover was made very apparent Saturday . A 3-1 defeat at West Ham was the third in five matches for Brendan Rodgers ' team , coming after a last-gasp midweek win at home to Bulgarian underdog Ludogorets in the European Champions League . On Friday , West Ham manager Sam Allardyce -- who narrowly avoided the sack last season after his side 's slightly flattering 13th placing -- chided the Reds for having failed to break the recent dominance of the Manchester clubs and Chelsea . "  They were in pole position and had one hand on the trophy but they ended up throwing it away , " he wrote in his newspaper column . "  They had no European football to distract them , their schedule was clear except for that one goal , that one focus . They were brilliant but they should have taken full advantage when they had it in the palm of their hands . " If Allardyce -- once tipped as a future England manager but often derided for his functional long-ball tactics -- was attempting mind games then you could argue that it paid off . His team went 2-0 up inside seven minutes against a new-look Liverpool side still getting to grips with the departure of top scorer , game-changer and all-round mischief-maker Luis Suarez to Barcelona . New Zealand international defender Winston Reid scored the opener from close range -- his first goal since October 2013 -- and new signing Diafra Sakho netted his third in as many games with a speculative chip from the right . Liverpool pulled one back before halftime through England forward Raheem Sterling after Mario Balotelli 's shot was blocked , but the Italy striker made few other telling contributions apart from a booking when he clashed with goalkeeper Adrian . West Ham sealed victory in the 88th minute when Stewart Downing set up substitute Morgan Amalfitano , with Liverpool pressing for the equalizer . The win lifted the Londoners to eighth place , leaving last season 's runner-up Liverpool languishing in 10th -- six points behind leader Chelsea , which travels to champion Manchester City on Sunday . "  It 's a well-deserved victory -- it 's not a lucky one , it 's not Liverpool having an off day , it 's West Ham being absolutely brilliant on the day , " Allardyce told UK broadcaster Sky Sports . "  I thought the first-half performance was absolutely outstanding -- in actual fact , I thought we should have been three or four up by halftime . " It was the first time since December that Liverpool had lost successive league games , following last weekend 's 1-0 defeat by Aston Villa . "  We were nowhere near the standard today , " said Rodgers , whose team face a midweek League Cup game against Middlesbrough before next Saturday 's Merseyside derby against Everton . "  It is just not quite happening for us at the moment . We have a lot of work to do and today was very disappointing in terms of performance . " Villa had gone into the weekend in second place but fell back to earth with a bump , losing 3-0 to an Arsenal team smarting from a midweek Champions League defeat away to Borussia Dortmund . With new signing Alexis Sanchez rested by Arsene Wenger , World Cup winner Mesut Ozil was given the chance to shine in a more central role -- and the German duly delivered with the opening goal just after half an hour and an assist for new signing Danny Welbeck . An own-goal from Aly Cissokho made it three in the space of seven minutes , and the game was effectively over before halftime as Arsenal moved up to fourth . "  You have to show him the confidence is there and he showed he can respond when he was under scrutiny , " Wenger said of Ozil , who has been strongly criticized for luckluster displays this season and in the second half of the previous one . "  It 's always a sensitive point , you do n't know how people respond to that . " Villa boss Paul Lambert lamented the virus that had decimated his squad before the game . "  It 's a tough game for us when everyone is 100 % fit , but the lads were running on empty , " said the Scot , who has been rewarded with a new contract until 2018 . At the other end of the managerial security spectrum , Newcastle 's Alan Pardew can thank substitute Papisse Cisse for giving him a lifeline . The Senegal striker , making his return after fracturing a kneecap in March , scored twice in the last 20 minutes to deny Hull in a 2-2 draw -- though Newcastle remained in the bottom three . Southampton moved up to second place , above Villa on goal difference , with a 1-0 win at Swansea thanks to an 80th-minute goal from sub Victor Wanyama -- the Kenyan midfielder 's first for the club . Queen 's Park Rangers salvaged a 2-2 draw at home to Stoke thanks to a late free-kick from Croatian veteran Niko Kranjcar , while Sunderland drew 0-0 at promoted Burnley .	Liverpool beaten for second successive match , losing 3-1 at West Ham Last season 's Premier League runner-up in 10th place after five games Arsenal bounces back from Champions League defeat with victory Mesut Ozil inspires a blitz of three goals in seven minutes at Aston Villa
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  Kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now , but Tanka Maya Sitoula has one of them . The 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when Saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck , bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment . In the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across Nepal , Sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an Indian rescue team . Remarkably , she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam . Sitoula , who talked to CNN through an interpreter , says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal amid the rubble . "  I heard people making noise outside so I thought I would be rescued , " she said , as she and her family sheltered in the grounds of a nearby school . "  I was confident that everybody was there outside and that I would be rescued . " What did she do for 36 hours ? "  I was just lying down , " she says . "  There was no room to move here and there . " Sitoula 's husband Mahendra , a butcher , said he called out for help for hours after the quake , as he could hear her shouting in the rubble of the collapsed building . "  I was totally confident that she was there , " he said . "  I never stopped calling her . And also from down below she was making sounds and I could hear her . " It took 18 hours before the necessary help arrived , he said . And it took another 18 hours to free her . "  I was asking people for help . Traffic police , whoever I could find . What happened was there were no tools to cut through the metal debris . " Eventually , a rescue team from India had the equipment required , he said . Throughout the ordeal , he never gave up hope , he says : "  I was confident that my wife was safe and sound . " He was only concerned about how she would fare during the attempt to free her . Inspector Karam Singh from India 's National Disaster Management Authority was supervising search and rescue efforts at the Sitoulas ' former home Tuesday -- a bright pink building , pancaked into two levels , with an entire wall sheared off to reveal its purple interior . He described the rescue efforts as physically draining work -- "  cutting , pushing and pulling " -- but extremely rewarding in the case of Sitoula . "  She was happy , so so happy . She was n't stopping praising us , " he said . "  We said it 's good to have a -LSB- survivor -RSB- . " Singh said workers had recovered one body from the building , adding that he believed eight to 10 others remained trapped inside . But as a French team of sniffer dogs completed a sweep of the ruins with no promising signs , following a search with a sensor earlier which also showed no signs of life , Singh said there was "  no chance " of finding any survivors . As a digger worked to clear the rubble of her former home , Sitoula agreed : two days after her rescue , she says it is highly unlikely there are others as lucky as her , still surviving beneath the rubble . The prognosis is equally dire in Kathmandu 's Gangabhu neighborhood , where search teams are focusing their efforts on a cluster of collapsed six-story guesthouses . A handler from a Japanese search dog team climbs down the wreckage with a stern expression . "  I 'm sorry . It did n't work out , " he tells the Nepalese police officers involved in the search and recovery effort . Officer Tejush Swarnakar , with the Nepalese armed police , says officials believe about 50 people may be trapped in the rubble . Four bodies have been recovered -- but on Monday , there was a rare survival story . Members of GEA , a Turkish volunteer search and rescue team , pulled 21-year-old John Keisi from the debris after a 13-hour rescue effort . Swarnakar 's colleagues were also diverted into action nearby , when dozens of protesters block a busy thoroughfare , chanting : "  Down with the government . " There are complaints , specifically , that the government is not doing enough to prevent rising transport prices in the wake of the earthquake . A bus window is smashed and there are brief scuffles as police move in to clear the crowd using shields and long batons . A short walk away , along the banks of the Bishnumati River , residents perch precariously on the slanted roof of a collapsed building in an attempt to salvage what they can . Next door , a striking sight : a rope of knotted sheets hangs from a third-floor window . Neighbor Aakash Karki , 19 , says that seven people escaped using the rope . As the sun starts to set , crowds gather in Kathmandu 's Sitapali neighborhood to watch the work of a large group of rescue and recovery teams . This is where members of GEA made the first of their two rescues in Nepal at 3 a.m. Sunday , pulling Bikram Chepang , 22 , from the debris of 11 collapsed buildings . Now , back at the site , there are faint hopes that a third , and remarkable , rescue may on the cards . A search dogs scouring the wreckage has given an indication that it may have detected life . The volunteers continue their search , but conclude the dog was mistaken . They do n't believe there 's anyone alive inside . READ MORE : Nepal earthquake - how you can helpREAD MORE : Shattered lives - houses and families ripped apart	Tanka Maya Sitoula was at home in Kathmandu , Nepal , when deadly quake struck She was trapped inside the ruins of her wrecked home for 36 hours
It was a rare show of bipartisanship -- President Barack Obama , flanked by Democrats and Republicans in April , signing into law a bill that would ban insider trading on Capitol Hill . The measure , known as the STOCK Act , had passed the House and Senate at warp speed . "  The powerful should n't get to create one set of rules for themselves and another set of rules for everybody else , " the president said at the time . Lawmakers proclaimed that the bill , officially called the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act , would restore trust in government . It also applied new rules to some employees of the executive branch . GSA : $ 250K spent on one-day event But CNN uncovered that the law that members of Congress thought they voted for earlier this year is n't exactly as advertised . A loophole could still allow family members of some lawmakers to profit from inside information . The STOCK Act requires that any trades of $ 1,000 or more made on or after July 3 have to be reported to the House and Senate within 45 days . But the House and Senate have two completely different interpretations of that rule . In the Senate , the Ethics Committee released one page of guidelines last month ruling that members and their spouses and dependent children all have to file reports after they make stock or securities trades . But the House Ethics Committee disagreed . Its 14-page memo notifies House members and aides covered by the law that their spouses and children are n't covered . The Office of Government Ethics , which oversees all federal executive branch employees , sided with the House , informing its employees that their spouses and children do n't need to file these periodic reports . Both of the lead sponsors of the Senate bill did n't realize the discrepancy until CNN brought it to their attention . Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown , the only Republican senator to attend the White House signing ceremony , said he was "  obviously very concerned . " "  Say I find out some information , I tell my wife and she goes and trades on it , what 's the difference ? " Brown told CNN . Brown , who speaks constantly about this bill in his neck-and-neck race for re-election against consumer advocate Elizabeth Warren , said the whole point of passing the law was to demonstrate that members of Congress were n't held to a different standard . "  I mean , bottom line , we 're supposed to have that level of transparency and have us be treated like every other member of the United States and bottom line , if we ca n't do it , then -- sorry , if they ca n't do it -- then we should n't be able to do it as well . " Why wo n't Romney release more tax documents ? Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , also criticized the House decision not to include congressional spouses and children . "  I think it 's wrong , and I think it 's unfortunate because the reality is the whole point of this legislation is we should play by the exact same rules as every other American citizen , and when all of America looks at Washington , they know it 's broken . " "  We 're trying to restore just a small measure of confidence through this kind of transparency and accountability , " Gillibrand said . After CNN told Brown about the House interpretation , Brown fired off a letter to his GOP colleagues in the House , Speaker John Boehner and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . "  The House interpretation leaves a loophole and the appearance of an ongoing double standard , " Brown said in the letter . "  It is deeply troubling that the House of Representatives and Executive Branch would attempt to operate under a substantially weaker interpretation than the Senate , " he added , demanding that the House adopt the Senate 's view and require all spouses and dependents to begin reporting stock trades . Chances for an Anthony Weiner comeback Why the difference ? Robert Walker , a Washington ethics attorney and former chief counsel for both the House and Senate Ethics Committees , explained that the Senate bill did include a provision that covered spouses and children , but when Cantor 's office wrote the House version , this language was shifted to a different section of the bill . The change meant that spouses and dependent children were n't subject to the new reporting requirements . "  The House recrafted some of the provisions of it and moved some of the provisions around . In that process , some of the Senate bill that applied to filing of these new reports was moved from one section of the bill to the other , " Walker said . The Senate Ethics Committee decided to stick with the spirit of the law that senators originally intended , but the House Ethics Committee went with the letter of the law , which included the loophole not requiring spouses and children to report financial transactions in a timely fashion . GOP senators block Obama job initiative Why does it matter ? This so-called "  loophole " goes to the heart of what the STOCK Act set out to do . While there were already laws in place barring members of Congress or the executive branch from profiting from nonpublic information that they learn in the course of their duties , it was extremely difficult for those at the Securities and Exchange Commission to enforce those laws . The financial disclosure forms House members and senators were already required to file only come out once a year , making it tough to track any relationship between legislative action and a stock trade . That 's why the STOCK Act added the rule that after each trade over $ 1,000 a report had to be filed in a timely manner . Walker stressed the new law provides "  more immediacy , more real time so that the public could have more real-time understanding of what their members , of their senior staff and other high government officials were doing with their finances , what kinds of trades were they making . " The chairman of the House Ethics Committee , Rep. Jo Bonner , R-Alabama , and the ranking Democrat , U.S. Rep. Linda Sanchez of California , defended their committee 's interpretation of the law in a written statement to CNN . "  As has been noted by outside experts , the office of Government Ethics and various House offices of expertise , including the Office of Legislative Counsel and the Office of General Counsel , with whom the Committee consulted , the plain language of the STOCK Act and the Ethics in Government Act is unambiguous and beyond dispute and the Committee interpreted it correctly . " Congressional dysfunction : Who 's to blame ? Initially when contacted by CNN , Cantor 's office insisted it did nothing to change the intent of the STOCK Act . But when pressed with the new information uncovered by CNN , the majority leader 's office conceded it made changes to the House bill that effectively took out the requirement for spouses and children to file these reports . Cantor 's spokesman maintains the change was inadvertent , but told CNN because of our reporting , they 're now promising to remedy the problem . "  It was not the intention of the House to differ with the Senate-passed bill with respect to application to spouses and dependent children . We did not believe at the time that we had differed from what the Senate had done , " spokesman Doug Heye told CNN . Heye said after learning from CNN about the difference , they are now looking at ways to fix it . "  Since new information has been brought to our attention with respect to this discrepancy , we are reviewing our options regarding transaction reports in the House of Representatives . " Still , another question is why the House changed the legislation in the first place . A GOP leadership source insists there were no sinister motives , that Cantor and the broader GOP leadership made changes after consulting with Ethics Committee lawyers . How they will correct it remains to be seen , but the GOP source says however it 's done , it will be made clear spouses and children of House members and their top aides , as well as the executive branch all carry out the law the way Senate sponsors intended .	STOCK Act bans members of Congress from insider trading Guidelines for members of the House say spouses and children are n't covered Sponsors of bill say they intended to restore trust in Washington House Majority Leader Cantor 's office says it will take steps to close loophole
CNN  -- Investigators believe two explosive packages found at airports in Dubai and the United Kingdom on Friday were assembled by the same bomb-maker responsible for the device used in last year 's failed Christmas Day "  underwear bomb " plot . An explosive substance called PETN was found in each of the devices , a source close the investigation has told CNN . What does PETN look like ? Pentaerythritol tetranitrate , to give it its full name , is a fine white powder that resembles sugar or salt . It 's a highly explosive organic compound belonging to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . How easy is it to obtain ? The core chemical in PETN is hard to make or get your hands on . How dangerous is PETN ? In a controlled explosion carried out last year for CNN by UK explosives expert Sidney Alford , 6 grams  a fifth of an ounce  of PETN punched a large circular dent into a metal plate twice the thickness of an aircraft fuselage . Alford said he would usually expect 6 grams to punch a hole through the plate . He said it failed to happen on this occasion because half of the PETN burnt off before the explosion itself ; also thick ice under the plate would have softened the impact of the blast . Alford conducts a controlled explosion of a sample of PETN for CNN How much PETN was used in the cargo plot devices ? Col. Richard Kemp , the former chairman of the British government 's Cobra Intelligence Group , told CNN affiliate ITN that the quantity of PETN used in the latest devices was five times the amount which alleged underwear bomber Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab tried to ignite aboard a Northwest Airlines flight as it approached Detroit , Michigan on December 25 , 2009 . Sources familiar with that investigation told CNN the working assumption is that AbdulMutallab may have had some 80 grams of PETN . But Alford told CNN he calculated the latest devices could have contained up to 30 or 40 times the amount allegedly used by AbdulMutallab . "  I calculate the volume to be enough to accommodate between two-and-a-half and three-and-a-half kilos of the stuff , " Alford said . "  That would be a murderous amount in an airplane . " American and British authorities said the explosive devices found in Dubai and the UK were powerful enough to bring down a large aircraft . How volatile is PETN ? Not very . Although it is an explosive , you have to hammer it or ignite it to make it go off . This makes it perfect for transporting long distances , according to Alford . "  It would n't go off accidentally , " Alford told CNN . "  If I was carrying a pocketful of just neat powder in my pocket , it blowing up would be the last of my worries . " How easy is PETN to conceal ? Alford said an advantage of PETN for bomb-makers is the fact that it is easily concealed : "  A great potential advantage of powdered PETN is that it could look like a wide range of substances or be disguised as even more -- whereas plastic explosives do look suspiciously like plastic explosives . " Given its appearance and ability to be concealed , PETN is a challenge for airport security officials to detect through usual means such as metal detectors . Investigators say the latest devices were concealed within printer toner cartridges . How sophisticated are the devices found in Dubai and the UK ? The device found in Dubai was "  professionally " loaded and connected using an electric circuit to a mobile phone chip tucked in a printer , police said . The device found at the UK 's East Midlands Airport contained a "  manipulated " toner cartridge and had white powder on it as well as wires and a circuit board , a law enforcement source said . The devices were designed to be detonated by a cell phone , a source close to the investigation told CNN . "  They are getting technically better , " said Alford , who has seen photographs of the latest devices . "  As the means of initiation appears to have been mobile telephones , they will go off wherever they happen to be when you dial the number . " But he said the circuitry was "  messy , " and added : "  They are a bit behind the times with explosives . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	PETN explosive is a white powder which is hard to ignite but easy to conceal PETN devices could have been "  murderous , " explosives expert tells CNN Alleged "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab also used PETN , authorities say Investigators believe devices may have been made by same bomb-maker
AOL Autos  -- Ever wonder what goes into the making of that round , black , rubber thing that holds air , we refer to as a tire ? To the casual observer all tires look the same , but there 's a lot more to it than meets the eye ... There are many different tire designs and they may contain up to 200 raw materials . Modern tire construction has allowed for a degree of handling , ride comfort , traction , extended treadwear and fuel economy that far exceeds the tires of just a few years ago . Today there are tire designs that contain up to 200 raw materials , as well as complex architecture of steel belts , textile piles and computer designed tread patterns , which deliver maximum traction under all conditions . Each component of a tire is designed to perform its own function and to work together with the rest of the components . For instance , the belt system 's job is to provide stability to the tread area , keep the tread grooves open , and work as a unit with the sidewalls to provide stability in cornering and handling . Kind of reminds me of the old song , "  The toe bone 's connected to the foot bone " well ... you get the picture , right ? The major component in tires is rubber . How did this substance find its way into the American automobile tire ? As with most inventions , this is a fascinating story . Rubber by itself is a gooey substance that is extremely sensitive to temperature . Back in the early 1830 's "  rubber fever " was the craze , and it ended as quickly as it started . At first , everybody wanted things made of this new waterproof gum from Brazil , and factories sprung up to meet the demand . Then abruptly , the public became fed up with the messy stuff that froze bone-hard in winter and turned glue-like in summer . Not one of the young rubber companies survived as long as five years . Investors lost millions and everyone agreed that rubber had seen its hay-day in America . AOL Autos : Best car deals of the month Then Charles Goodyear stepped up to the plate . Through extensive experimentation and persistence , Goodyear found that rubber could be stabilized and formed into a useful compound by adding sulfur and applying heat . He found that steam under pressure , applied to the compound for 4 to 6 hours at about 270 degrees Fahrenheit , gave him the most uniform results . This was the beginning of rubber compounds ! AOL Autos : Most popular sedans Rubber compounding is like mixing a cake . Different ingredients are mixed together at different degrees to produce rubber with specific characteristics . Some rubber compounds are stickier for better traction when racing . Some compounds are much harder for heavy-duty work in construction or with heavy equipment . All-season rubber for all-season tires is rubber that does n't freeze below thirty-two degrees , allowing for movement of the tread in the cold weather so it will grip and give maximum traction in all weather . AOL Autos : Best-selling hybrid cars Ever wonder how a steel belted radial tire is constructed ? Check this out . 1 . First comes the construction of the casing . This is the body  or carcass  of the tire ... the "  foundation " upon which everything is built . The casing is made up of a series of cords  most typically polyester  which are combined to form layers or piles . These layers are connected to two circular strands of steel called beads . Then the inner liner is added , serving as the air seal . Once the casing is formed , everything else is added to make up the tire . AOL Autos : Consumer reports picks best used luxury cars 2 . Next comes the steel belt . This is a belt made up of woven steel strands that cover the casing of the tire and is located directly under the tread . The steel belt adds strength and durability , aids in keeping the tread grooves open for maximum traction , and protects the casing against impacts and punctures . On high performance tires an extra belt is usually added for strength ; this is a nylon overlay that is wrapped around the whole steel belt package . As the tire rolls faster it heats up . The nylon in turn heats up and tends to shrink , counteracting the natural tendency of centrifugal force to throw the whole thing apart at high speeds . AOL Autos : Cars with best Blue Book resale value 3 . Finally , the tread is added . Remember that this rubber compound is a special mix for a specific application and varies depending on the function of the tire . In this day and age , computers play a big role in the tread designs . Tread designs are tested for traction in "  virtual reality " before they are molded into the rubber . While tread designs vary greatly , there are consistent elements present in all tread patterns . The tread block grips at its leading and trailing edge . Within each block , sipes are often molded or cut to provide additional traction . These sipes segment the block and allow for movement of each individual block so that when it comes in contact with the pavement , it opens and closes causing a squeegee  or pumping  action , cleaning the road surface as it rolls along . The grooves built into the tread pattern are designed to channel away weather elements such as water , snow , slush , and mud . To illustrate how a tread design channels away water , just pour water over the tread of the tire and watch the water directed right out of the sides of the tire . On the outside edges of the tires "  shoulder lugs " are molded into the tread . These heavy segments provide protection as well as additional traction during hard cornering . A final note and credit to Charles Goodyear . He did n't just happen upon this discovery of rubber compounding and the use of heat . Goodyear spent five miserable years in poverty trying to perfect his idea . Then one day , it happened ... the great discovery came in the winter of 1839 . As stated earlier , Goodyear was using sulfur in his experiments . Although Goodyear himself has left the details in doubt , the most persistent story goes as follows . One February day , Goodyear wandered into Woburn 's general store to show off his latest gum-and-sulfur formula . Snickers rose from the cracker-barrel forum , and the usually mild-mannered little inventor got excited and waved his sticky fistful of gum in the air . It flew from his fingers and landed on the sizzling-hot potbellied stove . When he bent to scrape it off , he found that instead of melting like molasses , it had charred like leather . And around the charred area was a dry , springy brown rim -- "  gum elastic " still , but so remarkably altered that it was virtually a new substance . He had made weatherproof rubber ! This discovery is often cited as one of history 's most celebrated "  accidents . " Goodyear stoutly denied that . Like Newton 's falling apple , he maintained , the hot stove incident held meaning only for the man "  whose mind was prepared to draw an inference . " That meant , he added simply , the one who had "  applied himself most perseveringly to the subject . " Thanks for your perseverance Charlie . Tom Torbjornsen is a veteran of 37 years in the auto service industry , an automotive journalist registered with IMPA .	Writer credits Charles Goodyear for developing rubber compounds Tires may be constructed from 200 raw materials Tire casings are made up of a series of cords , which form layers Tread designs are first tested for traction in "  virtual reality "
CNN  -- This week we mark Constitution Day , commemorating the electrifying moment on September 17 , 1787 when the Philadelphia framers went public with their proposed Constitution . Over the ensuing year , Americans debated and ratified this audacious plan , and thereby gave birth to a far better world . Let 's recall the central features of that year that changed everything so that we can measure how far we have come , and how far we still need to go , to redeem the Constitution 's promise . After its public unveiling in mid-September , the Philadelphia plan was put to a vote across the continent , in a process that let vastly more ordinary folk than ever before in human history decide how they would be governed . In most states , standard property qualifications were lowered or eliminated for this special ratification election . New York , for the first time in its history , let all adult free male citizens vote -- no property qualifications , no race tests , no religious qualifications , no literacy tests -- for ratifying-convention delegates who in turn voted yes on the Constitution several months later . Later generations have nobly built upon this foundation , repeatedly adding the words "  the right to vote " in a grand colonnade of amendments promising a permanent end to all sorts of electoral discrimination and exclusions . That 's undeniable progress . But America no longer leads the world in the integrity and inclusiveness of our elections ; several states are now shamelessly trying to roll back voting rights ; the Supreme Court has renounced a key piece of the landmark Voting Rights Act ; and Congress has yet to mend the tattered statute . Modern American free speech is a happier story , with robust free expression in almost every corner of the land . Here , too , we have 1787-88 to thank , a year when Americans dramatically embodied free speech in the very process of establishing the Constitution . No one was censored that year , and the document 's opponents were not forever demonized or voted off the island . In fact , several of the Constitution 's early critics came to rank among the new nation 's highest leaders -- for example , President James Monroe , Vice Presidents George Clinton and Elbridge Gerry , and Supreme Court Justice Samuel Chase . The two camps that had sharply divided over the Constitution 's ratification -- the Federalists and the Anti-Federalists -- soon thereafter found common ground in supporting a Bill of Rights . Is it too much to hope that today 's polarized parties might learn something from this inspiring example , and try to find something -- anything ! -- that they can agree upon ? Perhaps because the Constitution 's supporters did not try to muzzle skeptics , these skeptics , when outvoted , acquiesced . In several states , the document squeaked through only by the narrowest of margins -- for example , 30 to 27 in New York . Yet everyone accepted the basic principle of majority rule , even though the document itself did not explicitly specify this voting rule . Here , too , there are lessons for today . The entrenched filibuster has made the current Senate a deeply dysfunctional body , yet some senators seem to think that a supermajority-rule system has deep roots in founding principles and practices . These senators are mistaken . The early Senate followed the principles of 1787-88 , and the key principle that year in every single state ratifying convention was simple majority rule . Everyone got to speak ; and then votes ensued , and simple majorities prevailed . Period . Finally , let 's note the extraordinary religious inclusion championed by the document first unveiled in mid-September 1787 . Unlike most revolutionary state constitutions and the contemporaneous rules generally in place elsewhere on the planet , the Constitution opened its doors to office seekers of all faiths and philosophies . Last year , three of the four men atop the major party tickets -- Mitt Romney , Paul Ryan , and Joe Biden -- were not members of the mainstream Protestant churches that dominated society at the founding . Today 's speaker of the House is a Catholic , the Senate majority leader is a Mormon , and no Protestant sits on the current U.S. Supreme Court . One is tempted to say , "  only in America ! " but in fact there are other modern countries that are democratic and religiously pluralist . However , many of these democracies have been powerfully influenced by the American constitutional experience . Before the Constitution went public in 1787 , pluralistic democracy existed almost nowhere on the planet , outside America . Thus it had always been throughout recorded history . Today , constitutional self-government reigns across half the globe , and it does so thanks largely to the legal , political , cultural , moral and military success of the American constitutional project . In short , the world is becoming more American  and America itself , thanks to trade and immigration , is becoming more global  . So we should not say "  only in America , " but rather "  only because of America " -- and in particular , because of America 's Constitution and because of the year that changed everything . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Akhil Amar .	This week marks the anniversary of the unveiling of the U.S. Constitution in 1787 Akhil Amar : Over the following 12 months , America debated the ground rules for a new kind of democracy On voting rights , the U.S. has recently taken backward steps ; free speech is flourishing , he says Amar : Constitutional self-government rules half the globe , thanks to U.S. example
CNN  At least 23 people have died this week in the United States due to winter weather , CNN has confirmed . A majority of the deaths -- 18 -- occurred in Tennessee . Three of those people died in a fire in Knox County , Tennessee emergency management officials said . Family members said a man , woman and their adult son died in the fire , according to CNN affiliate WATE . Firefighters said they had difficulty reaching them because the second level of the house collapsed onto the lower level , WATE reported . Other people in Tennessee died from hypothermia and in auto accidents , WATE said , and a dialysis patient died after he was unable to get treatment because of weather . More than 2,700 people are without power as more severe cold , freezing rain and snow are predicted for the next few days , Tennessee officials said . Dangerously cold conditions continue to grip a large part of the Eastern United States , CNN meteorologists said , with more than 125 million Americans under a wind chill warning or advisory . Wind chills will go as low as 40 below zero in some places . Snow , sleet , and freezing rain will spread over the mid-South and into the mid-Atlantic over the next couple of days . Ice storm warnings are in effect for Nashville , where heavy ice accumulation could again cause widespread power outages . Winter storm warnings again cover much of Kentucky , which saw as much as 15 inches from the last storm . More heavy snow is predicted for Louisville and Cincinnati . The storm will spread up the East Coast this weekend . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	18 people died in Tennessee , emergency management officials say Dangerously cold conditions continue to grip a large part of the Eastern U.S.
PEOPLE.com  -- In light of some media coverage of their daughter Alexa Ray Joel 's recent hospital stay , her parents , Billy Joel and Christie Brinkley , have issued the following statement . In its entirety , it reads : Every parent can imagine the pain and anguish we face as parents of a daughter who is working to recover from the dangerous actions she took while suffering a devastating heartbreak . As much as we hate dignifying tabloid stories with a response , we feel we must set the record straight to protect our family . The story that ran in the New York Post on December 8 , and has been subsequently spread across the Internet , is filled with vicious lies and attempts to smear our character and that of our beloved daughter . We ask the public and legitimate media outlets to please "  consider the source " and to not further exacerbate our daughter 's situation by repeating and legitimizing these false reports . With much appreciation , Billy Joel & Christie Brinkley © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Billy Joel and Christie Brinkley felt they needed to set the record straight Joel and Brinkley say the December 8 New York Post story is filled with lies They ask the public and the media to consider the source and not repeat the claims
CNN  -- Government shelling of the seaside town of Misrata resumed Thursday afternoon , with heavy artillery and mortars targeting residential areas , killing 10 people , a member of the medical committee of the Misrata Council told CNN . Also Thursday , rebels retook the border area of Dehaiba/Wazin after forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi had taken it earlier in the day , a witness said . The witness , Yousef Gaigi , said about 100 rebel vehicles equipped with assault rifles and antiaircraft weapons drove from the Libyan city Zintan to the border area , where they clashed with pro-government forces . "  The fight resulted in many casualties , " he said , without citing a number . Gaigi said the pro-Gadhafi forces then fled to the Tunisian side of the border and handed their weapons to the Tunisian army . The Tunisian Defense Ministry said the soldiers were taken farther north to the border at Ras Ajdir and sent back to Libya . Asked whether the Tunisians had returned the Libyans ' weapons , a ministry official said , "  It 's possible . " Earlier Thursday , the Tunisian Foreign Ministry had expressed "  deep concern " over the military escalation near the crossing its border with Libyan and demanded that the Libyan government "  put an end to these violations , " according to the state-run Tunis Afrique Presse  TAP  . The incidents occurred a day after the carnage in Libya continued to mount : on Wednesday , pro-government forces launched the heaviest shelling yet on the port of Misrata , much of which appeared to be a wasteland , rebels said . Also Wednesday , a NATO airstrike on Misrata killed 11 rebel fighters and wounded two others , witnesses told a reporter , who saw the bodies . From the time NATO began its operation on March 31 until Tuesday , the organization had conducted 3,981 sorties , of which 1,658 were strike sorties , according to an update issued Wednesday . NATO is leading an international military operation in Libya that includes airstrikes targeting Gadhafi 's military resources . It is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing any means necessary -- with the exception of foreign occupation -- to protect civilians . Misrata , the third-largest city in the North African country , has been hemmed in on three sides by Gadhafi 's forces . Though rebels said they had gained control of the city 's center and had pushed government forces outside the city , they said Gadhafi 's forces were continuing to attack Misrata with heavy weaponry . The port has served as a crucial route of escape and as a lifeline to humanitarian aid . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Ten are dead , a medical committee members says Rebels retook a border area from pro-Gadhafi forces , who had seized it earlier in the day "  The fight resulted in many casualties , " a witness says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- African governments have stopped importing Chinese dairy products as the crisis which has seen more than 52,000 Chinese children poisoned by melamine-tainted goods spreads . Burundi , Gabon and Tanzania have joined governments closer to China -- including Indonesia , Taiwan , Japan , Singapore and Malaysia -- in banning Chinese dairy products . At least 11 countries have banned imports . The precautions come as the number of affected children in China continues to swell . Four babies have died from melamine-tainted infant formula and more than 52,000 children have fallen ill , Chinese authorities say . "  I think we will see more cases , but it is , of course , impossible to predict how many cases there finally will be , " said Hans Troedsson , the the World Health Organization 's China representative . "  We have to remember that China is a large country with a population of 1.3 billion people . However , of course , 40 - to 50,000 children are affected as reported now . It 's a staggering figure , but where we will end up is too early yet to say . " On Monday , China 's top quality control official , Li Changjiang , resigned as a result of the scandal , which has seen the arrest of at least 18 people . Two brothers arrested last week on charges of selling contaminated milk could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk used to produce powdered baby formula had been watered down and the chemical melamine was added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visited Beijing hospitals and a supermarket to show his concern . China 's Health Ministry said about 13,000 children were hospitalized , while another 40,000 had undergone outpatient treatment . "  What we need to do now is to ensure that nothing like this happens in the future , not only in dairy products , but in all foods , " he said . "  Manufacturers and owners of dairy companies should show more morality and social responsibility in these cases . They are heartless , so we have to create strict law and legislation . I 'm sorry . " Watch how Beijing is under pressure over public safety " The repercussions from the scandal were felt as far away as Africa . Burundi imports milk products from two suspect Chinese companies and the government has set up a commission to investigate how much tainted product could remain on store shelves , officials said . "  For the moment , nobody knows if the milk is being sold on the Burundi market , " Noel Nkurunziza , president of a Burundi consumer association known as ABUCO , is quoted as saying in The Guardian newspaper and other publications . In Asia , Singapore announced a recall of all Chinese milk products on Tuesday . The head of Indonesia 's Food Safety Watch said she was instituting a temporary ban of all milk imports from China , although contaminated milk has not been found in the country . In issuing its recall of milk products , Singapore had already suspended the import and sale of milk and dairy products from China on Friday , after it said it has found traces of melamine in three Chinese-made dairy products . The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority said "  White Rabbit Creamy Candy " was ordered off of shelves after tests showed it was contaminated . White Rabbit is among the best-known candy brands in China and one of the few exported widely . The United States is among 40 nations that import the candy , a man in the administrative office of the Shanghai-based company told CNN Monday . Earlier , Singapore 's agri-food agency said it found melamine in two other milk-based Chinese imports : the Yili brand "  Choice Dairy Fruit Bar Yoghurt Flavored Ice Confection " and the Dutch Lady brand of strawberry-flavored milk . In Bangladesh , three Chinese powdered milk brands -- Sanlu , Suncare and Yashili -- have been taken off shelves and all milk powder imports at Bangladeshi ports will be inspected . Bangladeshi TV showed the country 's Rapid Action Battalion climbing over a fence to raid a storage facility believed to contain tainted milk . In Malaysia , Health Minister Datuk Liow Tiong Lai announced that import of Chinese milk products had been stopped . In addition to banning imports , thousands of tons of tainted milk powder have been recalled . In the Philippines Monday , the country 's Bureau of Food and Drugs banned the distribution and selling of two brands of imported Chinese milk that could possibly be tainted , the Philippines News Agency reported . The milk brands were Yili and China Mengniu Diary Company , the agency reported . One of the implicated Chinese plants is operated by a subsidiary of the Marudai Food Co. in Japan . Marudai said it was recalling five types of products from the plant , would halt operations there for one month , and will send employees to the subsidiary to examine quality controls . The factory will be shut down through October 19 . Even some countries that do n't import Chinese dairy products , such as Malaysia and Brunei , have banned milk products from China . In Hong Kong , concerned parents have swamped hospitals . A 3-year-old Hong Kong girl was reported this weekend as the first case outside of mainland China . The girl was treated for kidney stones at Princess Margaret Hospital and released , Hong Kong 's government Web site reported . Her condition is being monitored . Watch the public outcry faced by the Chinese government " A second child , a 4-year-old boy , had similar renal symptoms , the government reported Monday . The boy , a Hong Kong native , had consumed milk products contaminated with melamine and was diagnosed with a kidney stone in mainland China , the Department of Health said . He was treated at Princess Margaret on Monday and was in stable condition . The hospital said Monday it has provided medical consultation to 63 people who might have consumed contaminated milk products . The patients , 34 males and 29 females , ranged in age from 2 months to 17 years old . A Hong Kong government hotline has received nearly 1,000 calls . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants have added it to milk products to make it seem to have a higher protein level . Learn more about the chemical melamine " Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition .	NEW : Burundi , Gabon , Tanzania ban import of suspect milk products from China NEW : Singapore , Taiwan , Bangladesh , Malaysia , Indonesia , Brunei impose bans Head of China 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal Four infants in China dead , over 52,000 reported ill from tainted milk powder
CNN  -- Tree houses -- from the luxurious and modern to the basic and cubbyhole-like -- sum up one of the best things about a vacation : getting away from it all . As for room service ... start hoisting . 1 . Treehotel , near Luleå , Harads , Sweden Each of the five "  tree rooms " making up this hotel deep in Sweden 's arboreal forest , just south of the Arctic Circle , is designed by a different Swedish architect , and each is suspended up to six meters from the ground . The Bird 's Nest is camouflaged with sticks and accessed by a retractable ladder ; the Mirrorcube has reflective surfaces that blend into the landscape . The Cabin is a capsule-like room with a viewing terrace ; the Blue Cone resembles a giant red Lego block . The UFO , built over two floors , looks a bit like a spaceship . Each stylishly furnished room sleeps two to four people and -- this is Sweden , after all -- has access to the site 's Treesauna . Treehotel , +46 928 104 03 ; from $ 690 a night 2 . Walnut Tree Farm , Aljezur , Portugal This back-to-basics wooden tree house perched atop a 100-year-old walnut tree overlooking a mountain stream is a short drive from some of the Algarve 's best beaches . It sleeps two people , with a huge bed taking up almost the entire space . Down below is a kitchen unit , lounging space , compost toilet and solar shower , plus room to pitch a tent if you want to bring friends along . Walnut Tree Farm , +351 2829 91904 ; from $ 540 a week 3 . Cap Cabane , Gironde , France Resembling nibbles for a giant squirrel , these three pine cone-shaped wooden rooms blend into the trees in a small forest an hour south of Bordeaux . Decked out in simple furnishings , each room sleeps between two and four people -- each also has its own wooden terrace , a transparent roof for star gazing and compost toilet at ground level . The showers and cooking facilities are located in a communal hut a short walk away and there 's a pond to cool off in after a romp through the woods . Cap Cabane , +44 1275 395 447 ; from $ 131 a night 4 . Red Kite Tree Tent , near Builth Wells , Powys , Wales Suspended from trees within a 32-hectare private wood and reached via a small bridge , this wool-insulated orb makes for a romantic retreat-for-two . Inside you 'll find a double bed that converts into a sofa , a log-burning stove and desk with a power socket . An en-suite deck has a shower , toilet and sink , plus there 's a fire pit next to a stream for alfresco dining . Red Kite Tree Tent , +44 1865 764 087 ; three nights from $ 479 5 . Sjunde Himlen , Falköping , Sweden Built seven meters up an old oak tree , 90 minutes north-east of Gothenburg , Sjunde Himlen translates as "  Seventh Heaven . " Sleeping two people , it has a cottagey feel -- lots of pastel colors and floral prints . There 's also a big balcony for guests to lay out sleeping bags under the stars . In the morning , you hoist a breakfast basket up by rope . Sjunde Himlen , +46 515 720 384 ; from $ 389 a night 6 . Justino 's tree house , Fuentes , Castile-La Mancha , Spain Resembling an old cabin stuck halfway up a tree , this ramshackle-looking structure looks like it might have been hurled here by a typhoon . Situated on a private estate , it sleeps up to four people with two bedrooms , a kitchenette and bathroom . The Bilbo-Baggins-cum-Unabomber aesthetic might suggest otherwise but there 's even heating and a TV . It 's unlikely you 'll spend much time in front of the box , though , considering guests have free use of the estate 's grounds , including a swimming pool . Pets are welcome -- assuming they 're not afraid of heights . Fuentes tree house , +44 203 463 0087 ; from $ 126 a night 7 . Tree Top Hut , Brumunddal , Norway These three cabins located eight meters up in the Ringsaker woods 90 minutes north of Oslo are named Spruce , Pine and Larch -- a helpful botanical reminder if you ca n't identify the kind of tree you 're in . Sleeping between six and eight people in a cozy mezzanine area , each cabin also has a small kitchen , wood-burning stove and lounge area filled with candles , cushions and books -- there 's a balcony outside . The cabins also come equipped with binoculars -- moose and reindeer are often seen roaming the area . Tree Top Hut , +47 9093 3356 ; from $ 165 a night 8 . Nid d'Aigle , Mézidon-Canon , France Purportedly Europe 's tallest tree house is 22 meters up a 250-year-old oriental plane tree above a small waterfall . Inside Nid d'Aigle  "  Eagle 's Nest "  is a small , simple bedroom with a double bed -- though you 'll probably spend most of your time on the south-facing patio , which has predictably wonderful views of the surrounding countryside . Fresh croissants and homemade apple juice are delivered to your tree house each morning . Nid d'Aigle  French site only  , +33 2 31 90 94 49 ; from $ 260 a night 9 . Cabanes Als Arbres , Sant Hilari Sacalm , Spain Deep in the Guilleries Forest , 80 kilometers north of Barcelona , are 10 individually designed tree houses , suspended up to eight meters high in the trunks of Douglas firs and beech trees . Accessed via suspended bridges and ladders , each tree house , sleeping between two and four , is beautifully decorated with proper beds , sink-into sofas , candles and paintings . Some of the cabins have views of the Pyrenees from their balcony . There are showers and a pool at the nearby homestead . Cabanes als Arbres , +34 625 411 409 ; from $ 150 a night , including breakfast	Some tree houses are slick and modern , such as the Swedish Mirrorcube Others are little more than a hut with a bed -- but still cozy Croissants are delivered daily at Europe 's tallest tree house , 22 meters up
Parenting.com  -- A new report from the AAP clues parents into what their kids are really doing online . Good news : It 's not all bad ! Facebook , Twitter , Shelfari , Moshi Monsters , Club Penguin , The SIMS -- the list of online games and social networking sites seems to grow longer every day . Also on the upswing : the alarming headlines about cyberbullying , sexting , and other forms of online harassment . This ever-increasing presence of social media in kids ' lives , often starting in the prepubescent years , has prompted the American Academy of Pediatrics to issue a clinical report to increase parental awareness of the sites their kids are visiting and how they work . Parenting.com : How texting changes the way kids communicate "  The digital world is an evolving landscape that parents have to learn to navigate , " says Kathleen Clarke-Pearson , M.D. , an assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine in Chapel Hill and coauthor of the report . Tweens in 2011 socialize more and more online , rather than at a friend 's house or the mall , and even though Facebook and other sites have age limits -- technically no one under 13 is supposed to have a "  page " -- 30 % of parents admitted on Parenting.com that they allow their tweens to log on anyway . Parenting.com : 10 violent video games to avoid And this trend is likely to continue : According to the AAP , more than half of adolescents visit a social media site more than once a day , and 75 % have cell phones , which are often used for texting and instant messaging . Because of the intensity of the online world , teens who spend a great deal of time there may be at risk for a new phenomenon called "  Facebook depression . " Teen development is , in large part , about separating from parents and gaining peer acceptance , and social networking sites allow them to do both . But if online harassment or rejection occurs , such as "  de-friending , " symptoms of depression may be the result . Contact your pediatrician if you notice any of the following : sadness , anxiety , pessimism , difficulty concentrating , a drop in grades , insomnia , loss of appetite and irritability . Parenting.com : 7 ways to fix rude ` tween behavior While the news media tends to focus on the negatives of this new technology , social networking also has many advantages for kids . In addition to strengthening connections with friends and family , social networking encourages participation in community service activities , collaboration with classmates on group projects , the sharing of musical and artistic achievements , and communication with sports coaches and teammates , and that 's just for starters . "  In addition , the online world is beneficial for those kids who do n't quite ` fit in ' at school -- it can help foster their identity and unique social skills , " explains Clarke-Pearson . So how does it go wrong ? "  Teens are susceptible to peer pressure and are also naturally impulsive , so they may quickly comment on an inappropriate post without thinking . This can easily snowball and become very hurtful to the person who 's targeted , " says Clarke-Pearson . Some families have also become so overly digitized that time together at home and during meals is being displaced . Direct interaction with peers is disappearing as well . Parenting.com : 25 awesome iPhone apps for kids "  When texting becomes the main mode of communication , it does n't allow for tone , body language or facial cues , " says Clarke-Pearson . But the right parental interaction and involvement can ensure that wo n't happen . Here 's how to help your child use social media and game sites to her advantage : Get schooled : Immerse yourself in the technology so you know how to create a profile , "  friend " your child , and be a part of her online life . She may insist that you do n't embarrass her by posting on her wall for her friends to see , for instance , but that 's okay . You still get a window into her world . 13 Tips for monitoring kids ' social media Model it : If you 're constantly on the cell or computer , your kid will want to be , too . Limit your time so you can help your child strike a balance with her own use . Power down : Insist that family meals are device-free and set reasonable bedtimes . "  Children and adolescents do n't get enough sleep as it is , so staying up half the night on line certainly does n't help , " says Clarke-Pearson . Chat her up : Do n't rely exclusively on a "  net nanny " program to keep you up-to-date on her activity . Instead , ask who she 's texting or IM ` ing lately and share some of your own social media experiences  she just may open up about hers  . Parenting.com : Keeping your child safe on the internet Go public : Keep the computer centrally located  like in the family room or kitchen  so you can check on the sites she visits and the amount of time spent there . Be kind : Discourage meanness , gossiping , and posting anything that 's untrue or potentially harmful or embarrassing . Remind your child that there 's no real privacy online -- every email , text or IM leaves a digital footprint , which future employers and colleges might access . Take action : Get the latest online safety information at cybersafebook.com . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2010 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	According to the AAP , more than half of adolescents visit a social media site more than once a day Teens may be at risk of a new phenomenon called "  Facebook depression " Contact your pediatrician if you notice sadness , anxiety , or insomnia
CNN  -- Africa 's most active volcano , Mount Nyamuragira in the Democratic Republic of Congo , erupted early Saturday , spewing lava off its southern flank , the Congolese Wildlife Authority reported . Rangers in Virunga National Park reported hearing a loud explosion at 3:45 a.m. and then seeing lava flowing from the crater of the 10,033-foot volcano . "  I first thought  it  was the sound of war . I thought there was fighting again near our park station , " said Innocent Mburanumwe , warden for the southern sector of Virunga National Park . "  Then I saw the mountain was on fire with sparks flying . We could see that we were not in immediate danger here at Rumangabo , but there are many people who live to the south of the volcano , where the lava is heading as I speak . " Nyamuragira is 15 miles  25 kilometers  north of the city of Goma and its 600,000 residents , but Mburanumwe said in a blog posting that lava flows from the mountain were unlikely to threaten human populations . Lava flows from another park volcano , Nyiragongo , destroyed parts of Goma in 2002 . The wildlife authority said the Nyamuragira eruption was likely to destroy habitat for 40 chimpanzees on the volcano 's lower slopes . Virunga National Park is also home to 200 endangered mountain gorillas , but they live on the slopes of the Mikena volcano to the east of Nyamuragira . The Smithsonian Museum of Natural History calls Nyamuragira the continent 's most active volcano , with 42 eruptions since 1885 . Its most recent eruption ended in December 2006 .	Lava flowing down southern flank of Mount Nyamuragira , park rangers report Nyamuragira is in Virunga National Park Park 's mountain gorillas not in danger , but lava threaten chimp habitat
CNN  -- Federal officials postponed poisoning a mile-long stretch of the Rio Grande 's banks this week after residents complained that doing so posed health and environmental risks on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border . A Border Patrol agent moves through dense cane on the banks of the Rio Grande near Laredo , Texas , last year . U.S. Customs and Border Protection said it wants to eradicate the invasive Carrizo cane infesting many portions of the Rio Grande 's banks between Texas and Mexico . The lanky cane provides cover for immigrants crossing the border illegally and poses a danger to Border Patrol agents trying to stop them , said Chuck Prichard , spokesman for CBP 's Laredo sector . "  Someone can be in the cane and be 3 feet away from them , and you can not see them , " Prichard said during a Wednesday phone interview . " -LSB- A Border Patrol agent -RSB- could literally be surrounded and have no idea . " The controversy over the test project comes as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits Mexico to discuss border security and other issues concerning U.S.-Mexico relations . Applying herbicides on a 1.1-mile stretch of the U.S. side of the river was part of a test project , Prichard said , but the CBP decided to postpone the $ 2.1 million experiment to address community concerns . Residents of two Hispanic communities near Laredo , Texas -- Barrio de Colores and Barrio El Cuatro -- filed a lawsuit late Tuesday asking a federal court to intervene . Prichard said Wednesday morning he was unaware of the lawsuit . Among the complaints in the lawsuit , the communities allege the CBP failed to assess the environmental impact adequately , failed to consider reasonable alternatives and failed to notify the public adequately . Though three herbicides were originally proposed , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers settled on imazapyr for the test project , Prichard said . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said there is "  reasonable certainty of no harm from aggregate exposure to imazapyr residues . " "  Imazapyr technical is relatively nontoxic via the oral route of exposure , and only slightly toxic via the dermal and inhalation routes of exposure , " the agency has said . Jay Johnson-Castro Sr. , a vocal opponent of the project and executive director of the Rio Grande International Study Center , said the studies on the herbicide are insufficient . "  I 've lived long enough to know what the government says is safe is n't always safe , " he said . The 1.1-mile test stretch of the Rio Grande forms a sharp bend between Laredo and Nuevo Laredo , Mexico . The river serves as a water source for both . Laredo Mayor Raul Salinas said he believes the federal officials have good intentions and that some misinformation has been disseminated regarding the proposal . He said he welcomes the delay so that the CBP can address community concerns . "  I 'm going to make sure we protect our police officers and Border Patrol , " said Salinas , a former FBI agent . "  I just want to make sure it will have zero impact on humans , the water , our environment . " The CBP seeks to use three methods of Carrizo eradication along the stretch of the river : manually cutting the cane and topically applying herbicide to the stalks ; using shovels , pickaxes , excavators and backhoes to dig the cane up by its roots ; and using helicopters to spray the bank aerially . The latter is the most troubling , said Johnson-Castro , because aerially spraying could affect more than just the Carrizo . The CBP would evaluate the products of each method before proposing an eradication program for a 16-mile stretch of the river , Prichard said , adding that the CBP is considering other options as well . One option could involve the import of tiny Arundo wasps , which feed on the cane and lay eggs in it , stunting the cane 's growth . Carrizo , which can grow up to 30 feet high , is a Spanish transplant to Texas . The wasp is a Mediterranean native . The U.S. Department of Agriculture is experimenting with the wasp on a different section of the Rio Grande and is sharing its data with the CBP , Prichard said . The USDA has concerns that Carrizo chokes off native plants and has an insatiable thirst , capable of annually sucking up 500 gallons of water per square yard . Prichard said the CBP wants to re-evaluate its test proposal because it does n't want to eradicate the cane at "  the expense of the environment or anyone who lives in the area . " "  I own a house in Laredo . I drink the water that comes out of the tap , " Prichard said . "  We 're trying to do the right thing for everybody involved . " In addition to concerns from the U.S. side of the border , Prichard said the city of Nuevo Laredo also expressed reservations -- namely that the stretch hosting the experiment is near the intake point for Nuevo Laredo 's water supply . Johnson-Castro of the Rio Grande International Study Center said the concerns of Nuevo Laredo citizens are warranted because the effects of such widespread use of imazapyr are unclear . Not only are humans at risk , he said , but there are about 1,000 species residing in the area slated for testing , and the nesting season for migrant birds is quickly approaching . Opponents are n't against eradicating the Carrizo , Johnson-Castro said . They 're not even opposed to using herbicides . They just want to make sure that herbicides are used responsibly and in a targeted manner and that the CBP considers all options for mitigating the cane . For instance , he said , donkeys and goats enjoy eating the cane . And earlier this month , about 70 students from Texas A&M International University manually were able to clear about an acre of cane in fewer than three hours . "  Let 's get down to reasonableness , logic and fairness here . It 's an issue of morality on one side and of science on the other side , " Johnson-Castro said . "  We do n't think citizens of either country should be Guinea pigs . "	Herbicide was to be sprayed on cane along 1.1-mile stretch of river Tall , thick Carrizo cane provides cover for illegal immigrants , Border Patrol says Hispanic communities near Laredo , Texas , file suit to stop spraying Residents want consideration of other methods to eliminate cane
It 's time for someone in the NBA to show some backbone . Donald Sterling , the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers , has got to go and he has got to go in a very public fashion . Listen to the audio recording that is alleged to be of his voice spewing vile reproach at his mistress about her associating with black people in public , and taking photos with black people  Magic Johnson and Matt Kemp , in particular  . The audio has not been authenticated as Sterling , but he has not denied it . Listen to the entire five minutes of unhinged ranting and you 'll hear a man forbid a woman  Sterling 's girlfriend , V. Stiviano , TMZ alleges  from bringing black people to NBA games , as well as some very strange , offensive opinions about "  black Jews " being treated worse in Israel than "  white Jews . " By the way , racial discrimination issues have trailed Sterling for years , with the NBA getting red flag after red flag on this guy and doing nothing about it . There are many questions about the legality of the recording and how TMZ got its hands on it  my money is on Stiviano , who is embroiled in legal troubles with Sterling 's wife , is almost 60 years his junior , and also happens to be of mixed race and part black  . If the recording is proven to be Sterling , the NBA has a wide open court and one shot to shatter the glass on this dunk . Forget the short suspension paired with "  pressure " to sell the team -- a la Marge Schott , who in 1999 was forced out as owner of baseball 's Cincinnati Reds after making comments about blacks , Jews and gays . The Players Association 's demand that Sterling be barred from all playoff games this season is n't enough . What the players in the league deserve is for Sterling to be suspended for life and publicly -- and unprecedentedly -- stripped of his franchise rights . If they merely "  suggest " he sell the team , he 'll just complain that he was set up by a crazy mistress and will make out like a bandit . He bought the team in 1981 for $ 12 million . Forbes recently put the value of the team at $ 575 million . We can admonish Sterling all we want , and there has been plenty of that coming in : from LeBron James  "  I could n't play for him "  to Michael Jordan  "  sickening "  to the President of the United States  "  incredibly offensive "  . But talk is cheap : It 's time for someone to be bold . The players have already missed the opportunity to send the NBA , its owners and its fans a powerful message . Just days after the story broke , the players , most of whom are black , had game four in the league series on Sunday night in Oakland . They showed up and they got shellacked . They found ways to make statements of protest : turning their practice jerseys inside out , piling their warm-ups in the center court and wearing black socks in solidarity with other teams . It was noteworthy , but once again , Sterling got a pass . The players would have done the league , the country and themselves a huge favor if they had just not shown up to the game . With the momentum of this story , and the outrage building , a boycott would have been the principled stance that the league has been missing all these years . The nation would have been 100 % behind the players . The Clippers jerseys would have been reclaimed by the players as a symbol of power , rather than a reminder of its racist owner . But now there will just be more talk . Should fans boycott the games ? Should people not wear the jerseys ? The public , the Clippers fans and the players need a way to show their support for the players and their disgust for Sterling . For now , we wait to see what Commissioner Adam Silver and the NBA decide to do . They might as well play to win . As they say in sports , go big or go home .	Mel Robbins : After racist audio , NBA should publicly strip Donald Sterling of franchise rights She says the audio not yet authenticated , but Sterling trails racist history unchecked by NBA She says team showed outrage by altering uniforms ; they should have boycotted game instead Robbins : There will be a lot of talk ; what 's needed is bold action . NBA , go big or go home
With one hand , Zahra Hassan clutches a purse that matches her red blouse and skirt trimmed in blue . In the other , she holds an AK-47 . Peering through her blue veiled hijab , the traditional Muslim head cover , the petite 25-year-old watches as the man in a military uniform with no insignia shows her how to switch off the rifle 's safety , take aim and fire . Then it 's her turn . In red ballerina flats , she positions herself , levels the AK-47 toward a thick patch of date palms and pulls the trigger . Bang ! The feel of the weapon discharging a round startles her a bit . "  Then you turn the safety on and lower the weapon , " the man tells her . She follows his instruction . This is day one of a five-day course being offered by the Badr Brigade , a powerful Shiite militia with an estimated 10,000 members , to the wives , mothers , sisters and daughters of the group . MAPS : Iraqi towns , oil fields taken over by ISIS Hassan is not training to go to the front line to fight the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and its allied Sunni militants , but rather to defend her home if the terror group makes its way into Baghdad and ignites sectarian fighting in the streets . With most of the men in her family leaving home to volunteer to fight ISIS and its allies , Hassan says she has no choice now but to learn how to fight . "  I must do this , " she says . More than 450 women have been through the training since the group started it this year , a step that was taken after ISIS began its battle for the flashpoint city of Falluja in Anbar province -- a battle that was a bellwether of things to come in Iraq . And thousands more are waiting , says Maj. Kareem Abdullah of the Badr Brigade , sitting in his office in a fortified compound in Yarmouk , a mixed Shiite-Sunni neighborhood in Baghdad . The number of women volunteers swelled in June after ISIS seized Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , and then began a march on the Iraqi capital , vowing to hit the city of more than 7 million people and overthrow the Shiite-dominated government . "  We are training these ladies to make them ready if  ISIS  makes it into their neighborhood , " Abdullah said . "  They will be the ones who have to defend their home . " Who is the ISIS ? Memories of past violence Hassan remembers the sectarian fighting -- Shiite vs. Sunni , sometimes neighbor vs. neighbor -- at the height of the Iraq War that nearly tore the country apart . Her older brother , 36-year-old Ali Hassan , was among the thousands who reportedly disappeared during the fighting . The last time she ever saw him was the morning of May 28 , 2007 , when he left their home in Mahmoudiya , a Sunni-dominated city of about 500,000 people dubbed the "  Gateway to Baghdad " because of its proximity to the Iraqi capital . She does n't know what happened to him . But she and her family believe he was a victim of the sectarian fighting . "  Maybe somebody kidnapped him ? " she says , looking down at the gun in her hand . "  Maybe he was killed in an explosion ? " Ask any of the women , who range between the ages of 14 and 60 , at the Badr Brigade training center if their family has a "  martyr " -- somebody who has been killed in the fighting -- and nearly three-quarters of the hands go up . Ask if any of them know of anybody who 's one , and everybody 's hands go up . Jaffar Hassan is the man in the military uniform instructing the women . He is not related to Zahra Hassan , but she could be his daughter . By the time the week is done , he says , the women will be proficient enough to protect themselves and , if necessary , kill . Teen learning to protect her family Fourteen-year-old Ageel Fadhil sits against the trunk of a towering date palm , listening to Hassan . An AK-47 lays across her lap . Her tender age is evident by the white hijab she wears . The other women , all older , wear hijabs in dark colors . Her mother , Shama , already knows how to use the weapon . She is an Iraqi police officer , one of the thousands of women who were trained in such roles when the U.S. military was standing up Iraq 's military . She also was among the first to complete the Badr Brigade training , and today she is helping to instruct the women at the training center to handle the weapons . Ageel must learn how to protect the family , specifically her 7-year-old brother Ali , she says . "  When her father and I are at work , what is she going to do if someone comes in the house to kill them ? " With school out for the summer , most of Ageel 's friends , she says , are watching television and reading magazines . She asked them to volunteer with her , but only a few did , she said . When its Ageel 's turn to fire , she moves to the front of the group . "  So I take aim like this , and I get ready to fire , " Hassan says , lifting the AK-47 and leveling it toward the trees . "  Then I fire . " He hands it to Ageel , who follows his instruction . She squeezes the trigger . Bang ! Nice shot , he tells her . Her mother , wearing a green camouflage headscarf that matches her uniform , smiles at her and gently pats her on her back . It 's not what a mother wishes for her daughter , Shama Fadhil said . "  But in Iraq , this is the reality . " By the end of the lesson , Ageel appears more at ease with the AK-47 , cradling the weapon in her arm -- just like she has seen soldiers on the streets do . But could she kill somebody ? Could she point the gun at somebody and pull the trigger ? She thinks about the questions for a moment and then looks to her mother before she answers . "  If God wills it , yes , " she says . READ MORE : Iraq 's orphans struggle to survive READ MORE : ` No reason to doubt ' Baghdadi in Mosul READ MORE : Why not just split Iraq into three states ?	In Baghdad , the Badr Brigade , a Shiite militia , offers women a 5-day weapons training course The training aims to make them "  ready if  ISIS  makes it into their neighborhood , " major says More than 450 women have been through the training since the group started it this year The members of one class range between the ages of 14 and 60
CNN  -- Guatemalan authorities must act to stop the high numbers of women being killed in their country and ensure that the perpetrators are brought to justice , Amnesty International said . The human rights organization Monday urged Guatemala to shore up its fight against impunity and address the more than 685 killings of women reported in 2010 alone . Amnesty International 's call comes ahead of International Women 's Day on Tuesday . "  Women in Guatemala are dying as a consequence of the state 's failure to protect them , " Sebastian Elgueta , Guatemala researcher at Amnesty International , said in a statement . "  High levels of violence and a lack of political will , along with a track record of impunity , mean authorities are both unable to pursue perpetrators , or just do n't care . Perpetrators know they will not be punished . " The Central American country 's culture of impunity is a legacy of its 36-year civil war that ended in 1996 , the organization said . There were hundreds of thousands human rights violations that were never accounted for , Amnesty said . In a speech last year , Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said his country has made strides in protecting women . "  Today we have tribunals specialized in femicide , we have offices for attention  to women 's rights  , we have centers , but once again , this will wo n't be enough until we finally defeat the social scourge of women 's murders , regardless of the reason , justification or other type of cheap excuse , " Colom said . Passing laws is not enough , Elgueta said . "  The government must initiate effective investigations into killings , improve police training and ensure prosecutions are effective , " he said . The special tribunals have not been effective , Amnesty said . "  The gender of the woman is often a determining factor in the motive of the crime , the way in which the authorities respond to the case and the way women are killed , " the organization said . Rosa Franco has been fighting for justice after her 15-year-old daughter , Maria Isabel Franco , was raped and killed in December 2001 . But no one has been arrested in the case , Amnesty said . Franco has received death threats and harassment because of her search for justice , the organization said . The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights took Maria Isabel Franco 's case on the grounds that it was being unjustifiably delayed by authorities . "  If the police had started the investigation early , maybe they would 've found Maria Isabel alive , " Rosa Franco told Amnesty . "  Their attitude , not only in the case of my daughter , but in the cases of thousands of women who have been killed , has been terrible . " On Tuesday , some 60 organizations will march down the principal streets of Guatemala City to commemorate International Women 's Day , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The march will start in front of the supreme court . "  With this activity , Guatemalan women will demand the respect and the meeting of their needs and urge plans to solve the problems of poverty , discrimination , lack of opportunities , among others , " activist Sandra Moran told AGN . Professor Ana Silvia Monzon told the news agency that university students will join the march in memory of Emilia Quan , a young sociologist who was killed in November .	More than 685 killings of women were recorded in Guatemala in 2010 Amnesty International is calling on the government to act Guatemala has a culture of impunity , Amnesty says
CNN  -- On June 4 this year , it will have been 20 years since I have seen Beijing , the city in which I spent much of my youth and attended university . It will have been 20 years since I saw my parents . My parents are older . I hear their health is not what it was , but it is something they take pains not to trouble me with . I hear Beijing is much changed . I hear China is much changed . Wu'er Kaixi has been living in exile outside of China since 1989 . One thing has not changed . Many of us are still in exile and can not go home . This is an odd thing , if you really think about it . Last year , amid much pomp and ceremony , China held the 2008 Olympics . In the same year , China conducted its first space walk . In the same year , it overhauled its property laws , allowing far greater rights of ownership than China has seen since the communist revolution . This year , amid a financial crisis of the kind the world has not seen since the Great Depression of 1929 , the world looks to China as the motor of possible economic revival . Yet China -- unlike other nations that aspire to international recognition and respect -- still imprisons and exiles those with dissenting views . The pity of this for me is that dissenting opinions have been behind every step of China 's long journey to the place it now prides itself on occupying . Sacrifices were made to bring about the end of the Qing imperial dynasty and usher in a nationalist government in 1911 . The student movement of May 4 , 1919 , against the Treaty of Versailles , which ceded German rights to Shandong province to Japan , initiated the nationalist , populist movement that arguably led to the rise of the Communist Party and the liberation of China from foreign control . Equally , it was internal pressure within China that compelled the ruling Chinese Communist Party to move from a position of insularity to what it is today - a voice that has authority in the international arena . China has seen enormous changes since May and June of 1989 , when the students of Beijing stood up and called on the Beijing government to make changes . The movement emerged largely out of a sense of frustration with a system amid unique circumstances - the death of a politician who was seen as more sympathetic to reform than most and ahead of a historic visit by then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev . It was a movement that was born out of a yearning for an end to official corruption and a stifling system that provided no opportunities to the country 's best educated . But it became a wider call for change , when workers ' unions and common people joined it . Five months after the Tiananmen student movement was put down with live ammunition in Beijing on June 4 , 1989 , the Berlin Wall fell . Two years later , the Soviet Union collapsed . Early the following year -- in 1992 -- Chinese Communist Party leader Deng Xiaoping embarked on what is now known as the Southern Tour . In the relatively freewheeling Special Economic Zone of Shenzhen , he reiterated a dormant catchphrase of the 1980s , "  To get rich is glorious , " and effectively initiated a new era for China . This new China is the only China that most foreigners who do business with the world 's potentially biggest market know . But the only China I truly know is the one I was exiled from - and it was a China where you could not buy Nike or have a quiet drink in a bar , it was a China of empty department stores and streets thronging with people in drab Mao suits . To this day , I believe that the people who sacrificed their lives in Beijing in June 1989 had a huge role in transforming the China of my youth into the place it is today , the place that today the world recognizes as China - and hopes will help revive the global economy . I am proud of what China has achieved . I simply wish it had achieved more . It is a personal tragedy for me that , after 20 years , I can not see my parents or my homeland . But I think it is a far greater tragedy for China that , after 20 years , it can not openly discuss its recent history , and let its people decide for themselves how and why the world 's most populous nation has come to occupy the place it rightfully deserves . To me this says that China may have appeared to have stood up , but in reality it is still sitting down .	Author was a student leader in China in 1989 Wu'er Kaixi has been living in exile outside of China since the events at Tiananmen Author : Dissent has fueled historical progress in China
CNN  -- The deputy commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan ordered troops Friday to treat the corpses of slain insurgents and civilians with "  appropriate dignity and respect . " The order follows a video that appears to show four U.S. Marines urinating on bodies , images that sparked swift condemnation from the United States and Afghanistan at a particularly crucial period in the U.S.-led war . "  We must treat the living and the dead with dignity and respect , " Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti said in the directive , which was published Friday on the website of the NATO-led force in Afghanistan . He said troops must follow the rules of armed conflict and "  act honorably at all times . " "  In order to prevail , for the good of the coalition nations and the Afghan people , we can do no less . " The video surfaced as the United States and the Taliban have taken tentative steps toward peace negotiations and as the U.S. and its allies plan to withdraw troops by the end of 2014 . The general 's directive instructed officers to ensure subordinates know that they are obligated to report any allegations of misconduct involving corpses . He promised swift investigations and "  appropriate actions " against offenders . The directive notes that "  defiling , desecrating , mocking , photographing or filming for personal use insurgent dead constitutes a grave breach " of the armed-conflict laws . It also violates "  basic standards of human decency , and can cause serious damage to relations with the Afghan government . " The directive is dated Thursday , one day after a video surfaced online showing four men equipped with what a Marine official described as sniper gear urinating on what appeared to be the bodies of three men on the ground . One of the men says , "  Have a great day , buddy . " A voice asks , "  You got it on the video ? " to which another voice responds , "  Yeah . " Another jokes , "  Golden , like a shower . " It was not clear who shot or posted the 39-second video or where , though a U.S. official said it was a "  reasonable conclusion " it was filmed in Afghanistan . Commanders have identified the four Marines who appear in the video , but those names have not yet been made public , said spokeswoman Maryann Cummings of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service  NCIS  . NCIS has talked to the Marines and all four are currently in the United States , she said . Investigators are still tracking down information on the person or people who created and posted the video . The NCIS investigation , which was opened Wednesday , will report to Lt. Gen. Thomas D. Waldhauser , commander of the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Central Command . A separate administrative probe also will report to him . The investigations are being structured to allow for possible courts martial of the Marines involved , as well as a broader administrative probe into issues surrounding the event , according to a Marine Corps official . Those issues include whether commanders of the unit involved were aware of misconduct and whether a breakdown in discipline had occurred , the official said . The Marine Corps confirmed Waldhauser 's appointment in a statement , in which it also said it was confident "  an expeditious , full and fair investigation will be conducted , and appropriate action will be taken in response to this incident . " While the identities of the people on the video have n't been released , the leadership of the 3rd Battalion 2nd Marine Regiment "  is confident those are their Marines , " according to a Marine official with direct knowledge of the initial investigation . The official , based in Afghanistan , spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . The unit , based at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , deployed in February or March and returned in September or October . While in Afghanistan , the unit was based primarily in Helmand province . Officials in the United States and Afghanistan expressed shock and outrage over the video . "  I have seen the footage , and I find the behavior depicted in it utterly deplorable , " U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said in a statement . "  I condemn it in the strongest possible terms . " Marine Corps Commandant Gen. James Amos said that the behavior is "  wholly inconsistent with the high standards of conduct and warrior ethos that we have demonstrated throughout our history . " President Barack Obama knows about the video , said White House spokesman Jay Carney . He said he did n't know whether Obama had viewed it . "  What it apparently depicts is deplorable , reprehensible and unacceptable , " Carney said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai called on the U.S. government to investigate and hand down the harshest punishment possible . "  This act by American soldiers is simply inhuman and condemnable in the strongest possible terms , " the statement from Karzai 's office said . A Taliban spokesman called the video "  barbaric . " "  This inhuman act reveals their real face to the world , " spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said via text message Thursday . The video surfaces at a critical time for relations among the United States , the Afghan government and the Taliban . Last year , the United States outlined its plan to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan , beginning by pulling out 33,000 "  surge " troops who had been deployed to help quell the violence by the end of 2012 . The remaining 68,000 troops would be withdrawn by the end of 2014 . Meanwhile , the Taliban tentatively agreed in recent weeks to open an office in Qatar 's capital city of Doha , a decision widely seen as an overture aimed at establishing an outside forum for political talks with NATO-led forces and the current Afghan administration , among others . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Masoud Popalzai , Barbara Starr and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : Investigators have talked to the four Marines in the urination video NEW : They are currently in the United States The Marine Corps promises an "  expeditious , full and fair investigation " A general reminds troops to treat dead with "  appropriate dignity and respect "
CNN  -- German sailors foiled an attempt by pirates to hijack an Egyptian cargo ship off the coast of Yemen , the German Defense Ministry said . Pirates like these threaten the Somalian coast . The German navy frigate Karlsruhe responded to an emergency call from the Wabi Al Arab Thursday morning , sending helicopters to the stricken vessel . When the helicopters arrived , the pirates broke off the attack , the ministry said . A crew member on the Wabi Al Arab was wounded when the pirates attempted to board the vessel . He was flown by helicopter for treatment aboard the Karlsruhe , the ministry said . The German sailors captured the pirates and disarmed them , destroying the weapons , the ministry said . The German government in Berlin later ordered the Somali pirates released because they were not caught while harassing German interests , according to BBC . The Karlsruhe joined the fight against the pirates on Tuesday from Djibouti , the defense ministry said . On Wednesday a top Japanese official said the country was considering sending vessels to join U.S. , Russian , NATO and Indian vessels in the waters off Somalia , a key shipping route that sees around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels each year . China said Tuesday that two destroyers and a supply ship from its navy would set sail for the region on Friday to protect Chinese merchant ships . Watch why China 's dispatch of forces is significant " The U.N. Security Council passed a resolution last week aimed at combating piracy along the Horn of Africa by allowing military forces to chase pirate onto land in cases of "  hot pursuit . " The Security Council resolution , which passed unanimously , expands upon existing counter-piracy tools , including a stipulation that would allow for national and regional military forces to chase pirates onto land -- specifically into Somalia , where many of the pirates have their bases . Over 124 incidents -- attempted attacks , averted attacks and successful hijackings -- have been recorded to date this year , according to Kenyan Seafarers Association .	German government later ordered pirates released , according to BBC report Japan was considering sending vessels , a top official said Wednesday Waters off Somalia is a key shipping route that sees 20,000 vessels each year
CNN  -- The search is on for the next David Beckham . In a dream match up , the talent agency which represents global superstars Oprah Winfrey , Matt Damon and Christian Bale has bought sports agency IMG , which deals with tennis ace Novak Djokovic and NFL star Peyton Manning . The price of merging sport and entertainment is a reported $ 2.3 billion , paid by Hollywood agency William Morris Endeavor and private equity partner Silver Lake . "  This has all come about with the process of sport morphing into entertainment , " Simon Chadwick , Professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at England 's Coventry University , told CNN . "  If you look at some of the sports personalities who are in the IMG portfolio then you realize they 're not just sports stars . They are brands . " Chadwick believes this agency tie up is an attempt to create "  brand longevity " for their clients . "  Take David Beckham , who is the perfect model for what agencies want from their brands , " said Chadwick . "  He went from being a football player to a fashion icon , has moved on to being a sporting ambassador and now he 's on the brink of becoming a franchise owner , " added Chadwick , referring to Beckham 's interest in bringing a new Major League Soccer  MLS  franchise to Miami . . "  Beckham is like a template . It 's all about the creativity and longevity of the brand and that 's what Beckham has achieved . " According to figures reported by PricewaterhouseCoopers , the sports business is set to grow to around $ 68 billion by 2017 from $ 57 billion this year within North America -- an increase of about 5 % per annum . The acquisition will give William Morris all the rights to IMG 's college sports business and a whole list of stellar names currently looked after by the agency including Justin Timberlake , Djokovic , Maria Sharapova and Taylor Swift . "  IMG has incredible strategic value to WME , " said William Morris ' co-CEOs Patrick Whitesell and Ariel Emanuel . "  The brand 's global reach , outstanding management team and leadership across sports , fashion and media are a strong complement to our business . " WME , which represents Steven Spielberg and Denzel Washington , is now hoping to capitalize on the appeal of global sports stars such as Djokovic and Sharapova . "  I was somewhat concerned that IMG would be taken over by venture capitalists , " added Chadwick . "  I think it 's better in some ways that this kind of organization has taken them over . "  It is their core business ; they know how sport operates and how it works . "	William Morris Endeavor seals deal to buy IMG Will see WME combine sport and entertainment Peyton Manning and Novak Djokovic amongst IMG clients WME represents Steven Spielberg and Denzel Washington
CNN  -- The United States and Germany are sending Patriot missiles and troops to the Turkish border , a warning to Syria 's besieged President Bashar al-Assad . The surface-to-air interceptors would be "  dealing with threats that come out of Syria , " said U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . Threats would include Syrian strikes inside Turkey and fighting between the government and rebels that extends into Turkey . Errant Syrian artillery shells struck the Turkish border town of Akcakale and killed five Turkish civilians in October . "  We ca n't spend a lot of time worrying about whether that pisses off Syria , " said Panetta after signing the order Friday . He spoke after arriving Friday at Turkey 's Incirlik Air Base , a U.S. Air Force installation about 80 miles from Syria 's border . Despite the prospect of U.S. missiles on Al-Assad 's doorstep and a weakening regime , U.S. intelligence officials said the Syrian leader is showing no signs of giving up . Al-Assad losing control but showing no signs of leaving The deployment includes two Patriot missile batteries , used solely for defensive purposes , and 400 U.S. troops to operate them . The United States and NATO hope to have them in place by the second week in January , and a military advance team is going in in the next several days , CNN has learned . The moves come a week after NATO foreign ministers approved the deployment of Patriots to protect Turkey against any threats from al-Assad 's regime , rapidly weakening by rebel advances . Also Friday , the German parliament approved the deployment of German Patriot anti-aircraft missiles to Turkey , with 461 Bundestag deputies voting in favor of the deployment , 86 against and eight abstentions . The Netherlands have shown willingness to add Patriot batteries , NATO said Friday , to defend Turkey and "  de-escalate the crisis on NATO 's southeastern border . " Patriots are constructed to take out threats from warplanes and tactical ballistic missiles to unmanned aircraft by impacting with them in midair , according to Raytheon Co. , which builds them . The U.S. military used to take out Scud missiles during the Iraq war . The United States has accused Damascus of launching Scud-type artillery from the capital at rebels in the country 's north . One Washington official said missiles came close to the border of Turkey , a NATO member and staunch U.S. ally . Syria 's government called the accusations "  untrue rumors " Friday , according to state news agency SANA . Damascus accused Turkey and its partners of instigating rumors to make the government look bad internationally . NATO has also said it detected what appeared to be ballistic missile launches within Syria and condemned their possible use as "  utter disregard for the lives of the Syrian people . " Turkey and NATO insist the Patriot system would be used only for defense . U.S. official : Syria uses Scud missiles against rebels Al-Assad is ` weakening ' Al-Assad 's departure is the dream of his opponents . U.S. officials said the Syrian president 's control is crumbling at an accelerating pace "  It 's at its lowest point yet , " said one senior US official with direct knowledge of the latest assessments . U.S. intelligence believes the decline has accelerated in recent weeks . "  The trend is moving more rapidly than it has in the past . " The officials agreed to talk on the condition their names not be used because they were not authorized to discuss the information with the media . U.S. officials said they believe al-Assad is still controlling some of his military forces and commanders . He and his top advisers are showing less ability to maintain control than they did six to eight months ago . "  There has been a strongly downward steady progression " in al-Assad 's grip on power , " said the senior U.S. official The United States believes "  the wall around him is slowly coming down , " said the senior official of the strong inner circle around the Syrian president . "  We are saying there are indicators there is weakening around Assad . " But there is no indication al-Assad is making plans to step down , the senior official and other administration officials said . Syrian regime approaching collapse , NATO chief says A second official said al-Assad and his commanders appear to be fully aware the opposition has made significant military gains in recent weeks and that al-Assad "  is not out of it " in his understanding of the current situation . Even with the rebel advances , loyalists in the Syrian military appear to be holding firm . Much of the anti-Assad fighting force includes military defectors . There are signs that military defections at the commander level are slowing though the U.S. analysts are not sure why , the second U.S. official said . "  There is still regime control over the military despite the fact they recognize the opposition force has improved , " said the second U.S. official said . Syrian rebels , government battle The Syrian civil war started in March 2011 when a government crackdown on civilian demonstrators morphed into a fight between the regime and rebels . The conflict has seized the attention of world powers for months because of the relentless brutality and the specter of the Syrian government mulling the use of chemical weapons . The war has a proxy element , with Sunni countries such as Turkey , Qatar and Saudi Arabia backing the rebels and Shiite Iran backing the Alawite regime . The Alawite faith is an offshoot of Shiism . More than 40,000 people have died in the war . The United Nations said on Friday that many Syrians will continue to be killed and maimed after the war ends because of deadly explosives placed in residential areas across the country . The violence continued Friday , with at least 32 deaths recorded by the opposition Local Coordination Committees said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : German parliament OKs deployment of German Patriot anti-aircraft missiles to Turkey U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta signs order for missiles and troops en route to Turkey The U.S. military will send 400 personnel and two missile batteries to Turkey Move signals U.S. support for Turkey in the face of possible threats from Syria
WIRED  -- Amazon and Barnes & Noble are duking it out over the respective battery lives of the Kindle and the new touch-screen Nook . The field of battle is the ghostly ground of press releases and promo-page blurb , and the last word seems to have been had by B&N . After B&N laid out the specs for its new e-reader , Amazon took issue with the numbers , saying that B&N 's claim rested on usage tests of just a half hour of use per day , with wireless switched off . Amazon 's usage tests assume an hour of use per day , also with wireless switched off . So what did Amazon do ? It simply doubled the battery life on the product page to reflect a half-hour daily usage . Sneaky . WIRED : Barns & Noble slims , simplifies Nook e-reader B&N countered with a very detailed statement , outlining the exact tests made . It also looks like the Kindle was also tested in the same way : "  With up to two months on a single charge , the all-new Nook has the longest battery life in the industry and superior battery performance to Kindle 3 . In our side-by-side tests , under the exact same conditions , continuous use of the device resulted in more than two times Kindle 's battery life . "  While reading at one page a minute , the all-new Nook battery lasts for 150 hours , where the Kindle battery , using the same page-turn rate , lasts for only 56 hours  both with Wi-Fi off  . " WIRED : Despite reports , Nook competes just fine , thank you We 've also done a continuous page turn test and at one page turn per second , the all-new Nook offers more than 25,000 continuous page turns on a single charge . I love that B&N calls 150 just "  two times " 56 , when it could easily say "  almost three times . " That shows some confidence . However this works out , it 's certain that both e-readers have insane battery life compared to any other kind of gadget . And if you 're basing your decision on this spec alone , instead of depth of catalog and ease of use , then you 're probably looking in the wrong direction . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Companies duking it out over respective battery lives of Kindle and Nook The all-new Nook has the longest battery life in the industry Kindle battery , using the same page-turn rate , lasts for only 56 hours
CNN  -- Evangelical pastor Ted Haggard described Thursday as "  fundamentally true " an assertion that he engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a 20-year-old male volunteer in 2006 . Pastor Ted Haggard acknowledged on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that he had a second relationship with a man . The incident occurred when the two men were in bed together , Grant Haas said in a videotaped interview played on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  He pretty much asked me if it was OK if he masturbated in front of me or masturbated in the bed next to me , " Haas said . "  I told him no , it would make me really uncomfortable . But he grabbed a bottle of lotion and started masturbating . " Haas added , "  Haggard  used to say to me , ` You know what , Grant , you can become a man of God , and you can have a little bit of fun on the side . " Haggard , 52 , said the incident was "  an indicator of the compulsive behavior " that ruled him at the time . However , he said he has been undergoing therapy during the two years since and "  working it out . " Watch Haggard accuser speak out " Controversy involving Haggard first erupted in November 2006 , when a former prostitute , Mike Jones , said the pastor had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence . Haggard initially admitted in interviews that he received a massage from Jones but denied having sex with him . He also said he bought methamphetamine , but threw it away instead of using it . The assertions received widespread news coverage and sparked charges of hypocrisy , particularly because Haggard had condemned homosexual sex . Watch Haggard address allegations on Oprah " Haggard is the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals , which claims to represent millions of people in 45,000 congregations nationwide . He was also the head pastor at New Life Church . In a settlement with New Life , the church and Haggard agreed that he would retain his six-figure salary for a year , leave the Colorado Springs area , receive counseling and not speak publicly about what had happened for one year , according to a church staff member with knowledge of the settlement but who was not authorized to speak on the record . In the CNN interview , Haggard credited Jones with having helped him by disclosing that information . "  I think he rescued me . I 'm very grateful to him , " Haggard said . He said he would have lost the support of his wife of 30 years , Gail , and their five children "  and been a drug addict " had he not been caught . "  I paid a heavy price . It was stupid , " he said . Haggard likened his struggles with his desires to the struggles faced by dieters who say , " ` I 'm not going to eat today ' and then they eat . " "  Many of the charges against me are exaggerated , but it does n't matter , " Haggard told Larry King . "  I 'm guilty enough of so many things . " He acknowledged that his actions were hypocritical , but said he could not control his urges . "  I felt like God 's plan was for sexuality to be in a monogamous , heterosexual marriage , " he said . "  I wanted that . But at the same time , I had these other things going on . " Haggard said he had thought that focusing on his spiritual life would help , but found that it did not . "  It actually made me worse , " he said . Haggard said that , for a time , he lost the ability to read the Scriptures and became suicidal . "  I think it was divine intervention that stopped me , " he said . Asked if he has engaged in inappropriate conduct with any other men , Haggard did not give a direct answer , saying only , "  I have thoroughly discussed all of my sexual history with my wife and my therapist and , to some degree , the family , and we think that 's an appropriate boundary for that . " Asked whether he considers himself bisexual or gay , Haggard said that different therapists have described him in different ways . "  The first said , ` You are a heterosexual with homosexual attachments . ' I was n't sure what that meant . " His current therapist , he said , described him as "  a heterosexual with complications . " Haggard said he has , at least , another year of therapy ahead of him . "  I think I 'm still deeply wounded and scarred and somewhat confused , " he said . About other men , he added , "  I have thoughts from time to time , but not compelling thoughts . " Nevertheless , he said , "  Today , I 'm 100 percent satisfied with my relationship with my wife , and I have no compelling things in my life toward others . " He said he initially urged his wife to leave him , but she refused . "  I really do love this man , " she told CNN when asked why she did not leave . But it was also her faith that led her to stick with the marriage , she said . "  The teaching of Jesus is that we forgive and that we love . " She said the two had "  a great sexual relationship in our marriage ... throughout marriage . " Though the news of his unfaithfulness came as a shock , it was n't completely out of the blue , she said . "  I knew that Ted had some struggles in this area , particularly in his thoughts . I never knew that he acted on them . " Marcus Haggard , the couple 's 25-year-old son , said he , too , was shocked by the revelations , but was more disturbed to learn that his father had lied . Still , he said the news brought the family closer together . "  He had lived so long on a pedestal , " Marcus Haggard said about his famous father . "  He seemed practically perfect . There was a sense of relief in the fact that we could connect with our dad . " Asked if he wants to return to the pulpit , Haggard said , "  I think Gail and I both want to tell our story to the degree that it 's helpful to other people . I do n't know that that would mean a pulpit , but certainly I 'd be interested in public speaking . " His appearance Thursday coincided with the debut of an HBO documentary called "  The Trial of Ted Haggard . "	Pastor Ted Haggard acknowledges 2006 relationship with 20-year-old male Accuser alleges Haggard masturbated in front of him Haggard claims incident was part of "  compulsive behavior " that ruled him at the time Haggard admits he still has thoughts of other men
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India has rejected findings of British scientists about a new form of drug-resistant "  superbug " infecting patients who have traveled to the South Asian nation for treatment . The Indian health ministry insisted in a written statement Thursday that such organisms were present universally . " -LSB- T -RSB- his is a phenomenon which occurs in nature -- in the environment , may be intestines of humans and animals universally . There might be billions of such happenings at any moment , " the ministry said . Health authorities in the country , seen as a cost-effective destination for foreign medical tourists , claimed similar plasmids have been reported from the United States , Israel and Greece as well . Medical tourists bring home new superbug "  While such organisms may be circulating more commonly in the world due to international travel but to link this with the safety of surgery hospitals in India and citing isolated examples to show that due to presence of such organism in Indian environment , India is not a safe place to visit is wrong , " the ministry said . It also objected to the naming of the superbug as New Delhi metallo-lactamase-1 and dismissed claims Indian hospitals were not safe for treatment . The medical journal , The Lancet , said this week that tourists seeking treatment in Asia are bringing home a dangerous type of bacterial infection that 's resistant to nearly all known antibiotics . Doctors identified 29 patients in the United Kingdom with the new infections . Most had traveled to India , Pakistan or Bangladesh for medical procedures , including elective cosmetic surgery . Dozens of patients from Asia also got the infections , according to the researchers from Cardiff University . The new strains appear to be widespread in south Asian medical centers and have also been spotted in Canada , Australia , the Netherlands , Sweden and the United States . In June , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  flagged three cases where patients were infected with bacteria carrying the NDM-1 gene . All had undergone medical care in India . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	India says such organisms are present everywhere Scientists : tourists to Asia are bringing back antibiotic resistant bacterial infection 29 patients have been identified in the UK
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Health officials on Friday reported a slight decrease in H1N1 flu activity nationwide . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said 43 states now have widespread flu activity , compared with 46 states last week and 48 states at the beginning of November . "  It 's still much greater than we would ever see at this time of year , " Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , said in a news conference . Schuchat added that while some parts of the country are seeing a small decline in flu cases , other areas , including Maine and Hawaii , have seen a bit of a surge . It 's too early to know if the worst is over in terms of the flu season , she said . "  Even though we saw a little bit of a decrease this week , it is still higher than the peak activity in many years , " she said . Flu season does n't usually start until December . But when the H1N1 virus emerged in April , the spread of the flu never stopped , effectively stretching last year 's flu season into the new one . The CDC also said 21 more deaths from H1N1 in children were reported in the past week , bringing the official toll of confirmed pediatric H1N1 deaths in the United States to 171 . Schuchat said the number does n't reflect the true picture . "  We believe the estimates we provided last week give a better picture of the full toll that the virus has taken in the first six months of the pandemic , " she said . Last week the CDC reported that it estimated 540 children had died from complications of this flu virus so far . In an effort to limit further spread of the virus as millions of Americans begin traveling for the holidays , the CDC has launched a public awareness campaign . Schuchat urged everyone to take simple precautions . "  Travel only when you are well , " she told reporters . "  Wash your hands often . ... Cover your cough and sneeze with tissues or with your sleeve . ... And get vaccinated against flu , particularly if you 're in a targeted population . " Watch why Santa wants a flu shot More people will be able to get vaccinated , according to the CDC , because more vaccine continues to be available . States have been able to order a total of 54.1 million doses of H1N1 vaccine so far , Schuchat said . "  That number is 11 million doses more than we were at a week ago . " In response to a report from Norway that a couple of people died from a mutated form of the H1N1 virus , Schuchat said the CDC is aware that the mutated form had been identified , but that H1N1 vaccine and antiviral medications still are effective against H1N1 . Some cases of H1N1 that show resistance to the antiviral Tamiflu have been identified in North Carolina and Wales . But Schuchat said Tamiflu-resistant influenza viruses have been "  quite rare " so far . Tamiflu does n't cure the flu , but can reduce symptom severity and duration of illness by about a day if taken within the first day or two of getting sick .	43 states have widespread flu activity compared with 48 at beginning of month Prevalence still higher than the peak activity in recent years , CDC says So far , states have been able to order 54.1 million doses , 11 million more than a week ago CDC cautions against traveling if you 're sick ; suggests getting vaccine , sneezing into sleeve
CNN  -- Ten years after last voicing Autobot leader Optimus Prime on the original "  Transformers " animated series , Peter Cullen decided to go to his first fan convention , BotCon , in Rochester , New York , after some coaxing from his daughter . "  I was taken aback by the response and the sheer love that was in the audience , " he said . "  It became quite evident that  voicing this character  was a responsibility that I wanted to fulfill . I had no idea he was so popular . " That 1997 convention was the first of many for Cullen , who said that Optimus ' influence over the lives of children made the character his favorite . "  It 's been wonderful to listen to the experience of growing up and how the character affected their lives in a good , positive way . It 's a joy to know that I made a difference . " So , why all the adoration ? "  Optimus Prime is basically a bulletproof Abraham Lincoln , " said iReporter and "  Transformers " toy collector Shaun Martens . "  He 's  someone so competent , virtuous and level headed that you trust him more than yourself . To kids he represents the perfect father figure , someone who is strong in every way and holds the best interests of others above those of himself , " Martens said . "  Optimus Prime is capable , loyal , forgiving , just , approachable , a brilliant strategist , merciful , selfless , " said iReporter Kevin Farren . "  Optimus Prime can do no wrong . He ca n't even stay dead . If you ever needed a leader you 'd want him to be Optimus Prime . " Ten years after that first convention , Cullen was asked to voice Optimus in the first of the wildly popular "  Transformers " movie series , something for which he gives full credit to the fan base . This summer , he is playing the character in the third film , "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon , " as well as the new animated series on the Hub network , "  Transformers : Prime . " "  It was very important to me that he voice the character of Prime in the movie , " said iReporter Cody Helms , who like Martens and Farren often check sites like Seibertron.com to interact with other fans and find out the latest "  Transformers " news . "  I believe he gives the character a better sense of humanity . " Like classic characters Bugs Bunny and Fred Flintstone , the voice of Optimus Prime is instantly recognizable for a certain generation . "  You know it 's him when you hear the voice , " said Farren , who added that despite his disappointment in the movies overall , the highlight is hearing Cullen 's performance . Martens described Cullen 's voice as "  a perfect balance between warmth and authority . " Cullen said he is personally touched by how strong the response has been . "  I remember an officer in the Marine Corps who had just returned from Iraq , and he gave me his golden anchor emblem from his officer 's hat , " he said . "  He presented that to me and said this is how much you mean to me . There are no words to describe it , but I was humbled . That sticks with me forever . " Cullen -- who said that police officers have made similar gestures toward him -- came up with the voice because of his brother Larry , an officer in the Marine Corps . "  I saw a difference in him when he came home . There was a maturity and calmness and understanding , and a very strong source of confidence , respect , caring and dignity , " he said . "  I was called to audition and said goodbye to Larry , and I said I was auditioning for a hero . He said , ` Be tough enough to be gentle , you do n't have to always be loud . ' It stuck with me when I read the character description . I just echoed Larry 's voice in the first few lines , and fell right into it . And I thought , boy , this feels like home . " When the producers of "  Transformers : Prime " began casting , they knew that it was very important to get Cullen to play Optimus once again ... and along with that , they felt strongly that they needed to get the original Megatron , Frank Welker , as well . "  Those two guys love each other , " said executive producer Jeff Kline . "  They 're so obviously happy together that you get better stuff from the cast . That stamp of approval on what we were doing went a long way with the fan community , as well . " Cullen said that he and Welker go back to the 1979 Saturday morning cartoon , "  Mighty Man and Yukk , " about a miniature superhero and a dog so ugly he had to cover his face with a dog house . "  He played the dog , and I played Mighty Man , " he said . "  Now , sometimes we wo n't see each other for a while , but we 'll inevitably end up in the same studio together and reinforce our great appreciation for each other . " That camaraderie extends to younger members of the "  Prime " cast , as well . "  The most surprising thing is being in the room with Peter and Frank and all of these guys whose careers I 've followed for so long and the fact that they were still so excited to be there , and so grateful after all these years -- especially Peter , he 's done it all , and he 's like a little kid in there and just as excited as we are , " said Steven Blum , who plays the villainous Starscream . "  He 's not the huge man you would expect him to be listening to his voice . He 's a normal size guy , but he opens his mouth and it 's almost as though the jaw would unhinge and the windows start to flex with all the vibrations coming out . It 's just astonishing . " On the flip side from Optimus ' heroism , anime veteran Blum explores the darkness of Starscream while getting into character . "  I just go as dark and delusional as I possibly can and sort of build my way up from there , " he said . "  Sprinkle in a little deviant and cowardly and megalomaniacal and I think from moment to moment , he 's one or all of those things . " "  He 's a villain that is so completely out for himself that it actually works against him , " said Martens , who counts Starscream as his favorite "  Transformers " character . "  You never know if he 's going to follow Megatron 's plan against the Autobots , or try to off Megatron and take control of the Decepticons himself . " Between good and evil , Blum is somewhat on the fence as to which he prefers . "  The villains are certainly therapeutic . I get to act out all the badness that I am not really allowed to do in my day to day life , " he said . "  But I like the heroes too , I do like setting a good example for kids once in a while instead of turning them into demented monsters . They both have their charm , but I would say more days than not , the villain is more fun to play . " Not surprisingly , Cullen feels differently : "  I played a villain - Venger in ` Dungeons and Dragons ' - and I got some feedback that it was pretty scary . I 'm not the kind of guy that likes to scare people . If it 's going to have an entertaining value , it 's got to be funny or inspiring . The evil part of it is part of the acting generator but it 's not one of my favorites . " One burning question for both actors : do they own action figures of themselves ? "  I used to have Transformers figures , and I think I broke them because I played with them too much , " said Blum . "  I have the original G1 figure  from the 1980s  , " said Cullen . "  I even broke a portion trying to configure it -- it ended up on a shelf where it remains in pieces , several pieces I might add . Nonetheless , it 's quite important to me , it was my first one and I cherish it . " Nowadays , Cullen keeps the figures in a closet , to bring out during birthdays and holidays for his grandson . "  I love the 18 wheeler that transforms and speaks at the same time . I was knocked out by that one . He will get that at Christmas . " True enough , "  Transformers " transcends generations , as Cullen has seen for himself . "  My grandson is turning five in August and we were at dinner at a pizza house several days ago . He got up on his chair standing next to his dad and said ` I 'm Optimus Prime ! , ' and I just dropped ! He 's into ` Transformers : Prime ' and it just made my heart swell . That was a total surprise -- it knocked me out . "	Peter Cullen voiced Optimus Prime in the original "  Transformers " animated series "  It became quite evident that  voicing this character  was a responsibilityl , " he said He came up with the voice because of his brother Larry , an officer in the Marine Corps .
CNN  -- Doctors in Colorado spotted it first -- a group of 10 children hospitalized with signs of a neurologic illness : limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in their spinal gray matter . Now doctors at Boston Children 's Hospital have identified four patients with the same symptoms . Dr. Mark Gorman said the patients , who ranged in age from 4 to 15 , all suffered from a respiratory illness before being hospitalized with significant weakness in one or more of their limbs . Each case was different , he said ; some had trouble lifting their arms ; others had difficulty walking . One has been discharged . Three are still in the hospital . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating the cause of this unknown neurologic illness . Health officials are asking hospitals across the country to be on the lookout for similar cases . "  We do n't know , at this point , if there is any association between the enterovirus EV-D68 that 's circulating and the paralytic conditions some of the children in Colorado are experiencing , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said Monday . Tests of the Colorado children 's cerebrospinal fluid came back negative for enteroviruses and West Nile virus . But a test of their nasal passages found enterovirus in six out of eight patients who were tested . Of those six , four tested positive for enterovirus D68 , which has been sending children across North America to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses . The other two test results are pending . Boston Children 's Hospital is still awaiting test results for three of the children , Gorman said . One has tested negative for enterovirus D68 . "  We are approaching each patient on a case-by-case basis to work them up thoroughly for causes of their weakness and to determine the appropriate treatment , " he said . What parents should know about Enterovirus Enterovirus D68 is part of the Picornaviridae family , which also includes the poliovirus , other enteroviruses and rhinoviruses . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in late summer and early fall . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually appear like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But some types of enterovirus are more serious . These can cause hand , foot and mouth disease ; viral meningitis ; encephalitis  inflammation of the brain  ; an infection of the heart ; and paralysis in some patients . Enterovirus : My son was ` like a goldfish gasping for breath ' This year , enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . The virus has infected at least 443 people in 40 states , according to the CDC . Cases have also been reported in Canada . CNN 's Georgiann Caruso contributed to this story .	Doctors at Boston Children 's Hospital identify four patients with limb weakness Patients ' symptoms are similar to those seen in 10 children in Colorado CDC is investigating the cause
CNN  -- A polar bear falls through thin Arctic ice while searching for food for his family . A humpback whale guides her calf on a perilous 4,000-mile journey . A herd of African elephants in search of water battles a sandstorm in the Kalahari Desert . "  Earth , " a documentary in theaters Wednesday , follows families of polar bears and other animals . These dramatic scenes await viewers in "  Earth , " a feature-length documentary hitting theaters Wednesday for Earth Day . For British filmmakers Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield , surveying the whole planet for Earth 's most exotic species and magnificent landscapes was a daunting task . "  We wanted to tell an epic story about the whole planet , " co-director Fothergill told CNN in an interview . "  We spent a record 2,000 days in the field . We filmed in 46 countries worldwide , on every continent . " Fothergill and Linfield shot the footage for the film while making "  Planet Earth , " the Emmy-award-winning nature series that aired on the BBC and the Discovery Channel in 2007 . See photos from "  Planet Earth " " But the filmmakers say "  Earth " is not just a remix of the previous project . "  The movie has over 40 percent original footage . It has a very distinctly different story line than the TV series , " said Fothergill , who believes small TV screens do n't do justice to the images he and Linfield captured . Watch directors give behind-the-scenes look at ` Earth ' " "  It 's very hard -LSB- on TV -RSB- to give people a true sense of what it 's like to be there , " he said . "  What we think is very special about the movie is its surround sound . When the lions roar , you get a real feeling for being there . " "  Earth " is the first of a series of movies set to be released under the newly branded Disneynature label -- a spin-off of "  True-Life Adventure , " Disney 's first nature documentary series of the '40s and '50s . Nature movies have made a big impression on national and international audiences in recent years . The 2005 documentary "  March of the Penguins " cost roughly $ 3 million to make and sold over $ 127.4 million in tickets worldwide . Disney plans to release one feature-length film a year . The next one is "  Oceans " in 2010 followed by "  Big Cats " and "  Chimpanzees . " In honor of Earth Day 2009 , Disney promised to plant a tree for each person who goes to see the movie on its opening weekend . "  Earth " examines the resilience of life in the face of ever-present danger through three stories of mothers and their young : polar bears in the Arctic , elephants in Africa 's Kalahari Desert and humpback whales in the tropical oceans . Thirty-nine other exotic species from all corners of the world get supporting roles . The film is narrated by James Earl Jones , and George Fenton composed the score , which is performed by the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra . iReport.com : Tell us about nature and environmental issues near you Over the course of five years , the filmmakers collected video footage from some of the most remote places on the planet , including the Aurora Australis in Antarctica , the peaks of the Himalayas , and the tropical birds of Papua New Guinea , to reveal the earth 's intrinsic beauty and harsh realities . Central to the movie 's storyline is the constant tug-of-war between the animal "  actors " and their ever-changing environment . See iReporters ' photos and video of local ecological issues " "  Although the elephants and the humpback whales and polar bears are the animal stars , the other big star of the movie is the earth -- the planet itself , " said Fothergill . "  Really the one thing that unites all of our planet and all the animals that live on it is the seasonality of it . " Without the earth 's 23.5-degree tilt to the sun there would be no seasons , no variation in daylight and darkness , said Fothergill . Fothergill and Linfield used state-of-the-art camera technology to capture nature 's predator-prey interplay from great distances without disrupting the hunt . Aerial shots of the elephant herd , for example , were shot using a gyro-stabilized Cineflex aerial camera system mounted to the bottom of a helicopter . "  A lot of the breathtaking cinematography in the movie was only achieved through this special camera system , " Fothergill said . "  We were ... almost a mile away from our action and we could still get all the close-ups we needed . " The filmmakers used this technology to film a sequence of a wolf chasing a herd of caribou . "  Wolves are very shy animals and they run very fast . If you are on the ground , you can never keep up with the action . We filmed the whole hunt from our helicopters and because we were flying so high , the wolves could hardly hear us , " added Fothergill . The filmmakers also used infrared cameras to film a dramatic nighttime sequence of 30 lions in Botswana joining forces to attack an elephant . Fothergill and Linfield could n't use lights or normal cameras because they would have frightened away the animals . "  Probably the most dangerous single situation was filming the lions at night attacking the elephant , " Fothergill said . "  Apart from the woman who was looking through an infrared sensitive camera , nobody else could see anything . We were right in the middle of the action and there was a constant concern that the elephants would come charging through our vehicle . That was pretty hairy . " Another high-speed , high-definition camera , originally developed to film car crash tests , was used to capture an eye-popping scene of a Great White shark leaping out of the water to devour a seal in midair . The camera was able to film shots at 1,000 frames per second , slowing shots by as much as 40 times their original speed . The images were captured directly onto a computer allowing for an endless stream of video while maintaining the detail and clarity of the shot . "  In normal speeds it 's gone in seconds , but in slow motion , when you see it lasting 40 seconds to a minute , you get a real sense of the beauty , the scale and the size and power of that shot which is exactly what we wanted , " Fothergill said . Not a single image in the film was computer generated , Fothergill said . Time-lapse camera technology allowed the filmmakers to condense a year 's worth of seasonal changes into a seamless 30-second shot . Fothergill says his formula for movie-making success is simple : "  A lot of waiting around , a lot of patience and a lot of failure . " The filmmaker believes those failures -- missed opportunities , days of waiting for animals to appear -- paid off in the end . He hopes audiences will be entertained while escaping into the wonders of a world they do n't often see . "  We wanted to give people this wonderful journey and say , ` Look , it 's a really beautiful planet and it 's still ... worth preserving . "	"  Earth , " a movie about animals and their dramatic journeys , hits theaters Earth Day The documentary was shot by the same filmmakers who made "  Planet Earth " The movie is the first released under Disney 's newly branded Disneynature label Disney vowed to plant a tree for everyone who sees the film opening week
Kansas City , Missouri  CNN  -- Amid an ongoing congressional probe into the General Services Administration , a CNN investigation has uncovered more evidence of wasteful spending at the agency , including cooking classes for employees that cost as much as $ 3,350 per class . For years , the GSA paid to send employees to these cooking classes to build team spirit , part of a spending pattern that the agency now says was inappropriate . Employees based in Kansas City , Missouri , attended classes at The Culinary Center of Kansas City , located in suburban Overland Park , where they cooked meals . Senator encourage GSA to ` clean house ' The GSA confirmed that there were nine classes beginning in June 2007 , with the last class in June 2011 . The total cost to the GSA was $ 20,701 . "  We should be thinking about our federal customers , our taxpayers and our associates , " said one employee who attended a cooking class . "  And that seems to have been lost in these team-building exercises ... If you do n't go , you 're ostracized . " The employee works in the Kansas City office and requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to CNN and feared reprisals from his supervisors . "  These events indicate a pattern of misjudgment , which spans several years and administrations , " GSA spokeswoman Betsaida Alcantara told CNN in a statement . In the world of trillion-dollar government budgets , the classes do not amount to a significant sum of money . However , the unnamed employee and other insiders told CNN that this was part of the free-spending culture that went on for years at the GSA 's Kansas City regional headquarters . Congressional committees are examining GSA spending after a scathing inspector general 's report issued earlier this year showed lavish spending -- $ 823,000 -- at the Western Regions Conference , which took place in Las Vegas in October 2010 . Jeff Neely , the GSA official who organized the conference , resigned , as well the agency 's administrator , Martha Johnson . Two of Johnson 's deputies were fired and eight other employees left the agency . Dan Tangherlini , a former Treasury Department official , took over as acting GSA administrator . The General Services Administration , which has more than 12,600 employees and a $ 26.3 billion budget , is tasked with helping manage and support government agencies . In addition to the Las Vegas conference , the GSA apparently spent $ 330,000 to relocate an employee from Denver to Hawaii -- and likely millions more dollars on other employees over a two year period -- according to a transcript of an interview with a GSA event planner . And 84 GSA employees , most of them supervisors or other senior staff -- all subjects of inspector general investigations -- are still collecting their bonuses , totaling more than $ 1 million in taxpayer money . Alcantara says all the agency 's practices are under a top-down review . "  This must stop , and is why Acting Administrator Tangherlini has instituted stringent new policies on conferences and events -- to put an end to this misuse of taxpayer dollars , " she said in the GSA statement . Laura Laiben , who owns The Culinary Center in Kansas City , said it appeared from her records that the GSA also had two classes in 2004 , but the agency could not find records of those events . She referred CNN to the GSA regarding the costs of the classes . During the classes , participants prepare meals as team-building exercises . But under the new GSA policy , any future team-building events could only be held in a federal facility . "  Only light refreshments , like water and pretzels , would be allowed , " the GSA statement said . A GSA spokesperson on Thursday clarified the agency 's policy , saying that no food will be permitted at any team building exercises . GSA records show classes from June 2007 to June 2011 , with the cost ranging from $ 1,162 to $ 3,350 per class , depending on the number of employees who attended . The size of the classes varied from eight to 37 employees . The culinary center 's "  menu of classes " states that its "  state-of-the-art kitchens create a unique atmosphere where your group can work together to build trust , develop plans of action , work toward a common goal , make it happen and celebrate their accomplishments . " The GSA turned down repeated requests by CNN for an on-camera interview with Tangherlini or Jason Klumb , the regional administrator for the Heartland region . However , Tangherlini agreed to an interview on Wednesday , hours before this story was schedule to air on CNN 's AC360 . "  I think the most important thing is we need to make -- we need to get a message across that this is n't what GSA is about . People are n't coming to work for cooking classes , " Tangherlini said . "  They are n't coming to work for awards or prizes . They are coming to work for an important mission that 's critical to serving our agencies that serve the American people . And so that 's the trick for us is to really build a better sense of expectation of what it is that we 're going to do every day when we do our jobs . " He said employees "  really believe and value the service of providing excellent ... high value public buildings and low cost acquisition services , so I think that they 're really committed to what they 're doing and we just need to give them the right leadership , give them the right systems , and give them the right tools . Also , the right level of accountability . " Who 's on first ? Hearing shows GSA 's dysfunction Klumb agreed to an interview after CNN showed up at a public event he was hosting at the Kansas City headquarters . He said he had not heard about the cooking classes until CNN began asking about them . "  And I was unaware of those until , actually , you brought them to my attention , and that unfortunately has been the recent organizational structure . And that 's part of what we 're seeing in the change in GSA . " Asked about this kind of spending , Klumb said , "  I think it was the old culture at GSA , and you saw it in all the news that was generated out of the Western Regions Conference . " During the interview , Klumb said he did not have the authority to stop activities such as cooking classes . However , Alcantara pointed to an April 15 memo that suspended spending for training conferences , leadership events , award ceremonies and team-building . As part of the new GSA structure , these types of events would have to be approved by headquarters and the regional administrator . "  Under the new GSA leadership , regional administrators have the authority to stop cooking classes from taking place . On top of that , there is also a second layer of oversight in place , at central office , that would prevent this type of wasteful spending , " Alcantara said in the statement . The cooking classes were n't the only example of questionable spending in GSA 's Heartland region . CNN obtained records that showed the agency spent $ 2,938 on an awards luncheon on November 16 , 2011 in the Kansas City headquarters for 178 employees , and hired an etiquette speaker for a GSA Industry Day event in March 2010 in St. Louis that cost the agency $ 993 . C.K. Reisinger , a consultant , speaker and coach , confirmed that her luncheon speech focused on etiquette training . "  We walk through the place settings and the different courses ... how to eat soup and salad , what to do with your napkin , how to butter your roll , " she said . "  Passing the salt and pepper -- there is a long litany of what is good dining etiquette . You look much more professional when someone knows the rules of dining . " She said she compares "  the rules of dining to motor vehicle rules . Without safety , we 'd be running amok . There 's a proper way to go about it . " Video offers glimpse inside GSA 's lavish Las Vegas conference The GSA employee compared the agency to a high school pep club . "  And if you had a pep club that had government funding , imagine what you could do . You could make the best floats , you could have the best decorations . And so there is a lot of what I would look at as juvenile behavior when it comes to caring about what the taxpayers ' money is used for , " the employee told CNN . Last November , the GSA in Kansas City launched "  the first annual Merry Holiday Video Contest " in which employees produced videos to highlight the agency 's efficiency . The videos , all shot and produced on government time , show employees in various skits and holiday outfits . The winner received an ice cream social . After news accounts of the Las Vegas scandal , the videos , which were accessible online to employees , were taken down , the GSA confirmed . Klumb told CNN he was one of the judges for the video contest . "  So some of the things I was aware of -- in fact , in the holiday videos , I was one of the judges , " Klumb said . "  Again , that was part of the culture that was pretty common throughout GSA , and something that is changing , and I think you see a new day at GSA . " Acting chief outlines steps to halt wasteful spending CNN 's Sara Anwar and Elizabeth M. Nunez contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	GSA is under a congressional investigation for wasteful spending The spending came to light after a report detailed an $ 823,000 conference in 2010 CNN has found the agency also spent more than $ 20,000 on cooking classes The GSA says its new chief ` has instituted stringent new policies ... to put an end to this misuse of taxpayer dollars '
CNN  -- Customs and Border Protection officers foiled a smuggling attempt at the U.S.-Mexico border when they discovered a woman contorted and hidden inside a suitcase . Officials released a photo this week showing the woman tucked into a ball and laying inside the luggage in the back of a vehicle . The woman , a Thai national named Pornkamol Mongkolsermsak , was charged with re-entry after deportation , CBP spokesman Victor Brabble said . She was discovered on December 30 , when inspectors at the border referred the driver of a Honda SUV for a secondary inspection , CBP said in a statement . When officers inspected the vehicle , they opened up the suitcase and found the 48-year-old woman hidden underneath some clothing . Authorities did not release the name of the 56-year-old Phoenix man who was driving the SUV . The case has been turned over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement , CBP said . Long-lost U.S. son found after 35 years illegally crossing Mexican border	A woman tried to enter the United States hidden in a suitcase Customs officials discovered her when they searched a vehicle The Thai national was charged with re-entry after deportation Officials did not release the name of the driver
CNN  -- You should n't put all your eggs in one basket , but Iowa Republicans are willing to put a few into a neighborhood dispute involving chickens and Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley 's yard . It should be something that went no further than a community newsletter , but one of the neighbors is Braley , a U.S. congressman who grew up and owns a home in the Holiday Lake neighborhood . The others are Pauline Hampton and her four chickens , which run freely into both backyards , sometimes leaving evidence of their cross-property line roaming . With primary over , Iowa Senate race gets ugly It 's that evidence -- chicken stuff -- that made Braley and his wife cry fowl . Hampton said she was surprised to learn in May about a complaint the Braleys lodged with the Holiday Lake Neighborhood Association . "  Mrs. Braley was out with her lawnmower , and I thought , because I do this with all my neighbors , I 'd give them fresh , organic eggs , " Hampton told CNN . "  I had offered them to her and she says , ' I ca n't accept them because I 've filed a formal complaint against you . ' And that was the first I ever heard of it , so I just went ahead and said , ` OK , ' you know , I took my eggs back . " Hampton says the chickens were approved by the homeowners association because she uses them for therapeutic purposes as a court-appointed child advocate . An attorney for the housing association wrote an email to the board in May , which a Republican media outlet obtained and printed , saying the congressman wants to avoid a "  litigious situation , " but that the chickens "  should not be permitted . " CNN reached out to the attorney to confirm the authenticity of the email , but he declined to speak on the matter . In response to the complaint , Hampton built a pen for the chickens , though "  in the evenings , yes , I do let them run in my yard , " she said . While she watches them as they roam , they sometimes cross onto the Braley property . Republicans have seized on the situation , saying Braley , a trial lawyer , is threatening to sue Hampton , a military veteran , which is not in true "  Iowa nice " fashion . Braley has denied the accusation , and no suit has been filed . First lady to campaign for Democrat in tight Iowa Senate race "  It 's just one of those ridiculous election-year political things that comes up , " Braley told CNN . "  Nobody in Iowa cares about chickens at Holiday Lake in terms of how it 's going to affect their vote in the Senate . What they care about is what you do , and what you can bring to the table to make their lives better because they care about the future . " Braley may be right . While this issue has been in the news for months , the latest CNN poll from Iowa shows him deadlocked with his opponent , Republican state Sen. Joni Ernst , 49 % to 48 % , respectively , within the poll 's margin of error . Previously polls have found the same result , or had a slight edge for Ernst . CNN has found no reliable polling on the chicken dispute . "  What 's so strange about this story is it 's an example of where , when somebody else 's animals are in your yard , you 're the bad neighbor , " Braley said . As for Hampton , a longtime Democrat who says she 's voted for Braley in all four of his previous congressional races , the chicken dispute has n't cost him her vote yet . "  I am weighing my options , " she said . "  It gives me some thoughts to ponder . I would n't necessarily say I would n't vote for him because of just this . " CNN chief congressional correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Roaming chickens in Senate candidate 's neighborhood becomes issue in Iowa Democrat Bruce Braley calls it a "  ridiculous election-year politics things " Next-door neighbor said she was surprised to find Braley and his wife filed a complaint
Mashable  -- Despite recent troubles , Netflix is a major force on the Internet , accounting for 32.7 % of peak U.S. downstream traffic , according to a new report . Sandvine Intelligent Broadband Networks ' report analyzed 200 Internet service providers in 80 countries and found that real-time entertainment apps take up 60 % of peak downstream traffic , up from 50 % last year . Netflix has more than half of that share . Sandvine considers the hours between 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. to be peak times . Like others , Sandvine has also noticed a shift away from PCs to access such content . The company found 55 % of traffic volume in North America is consumed on game consoles , set-top boxes , smart TVs and mobile devices . Only 45 % is being accessed by laptops or PCs . Video makes up 32.6 % of peak downstream mobile traffic , of which YouTube is the largest contributor . The report comes as Netflix recently lost 800,000 paid subscribers in its most-recent quarter . The company 's stock is now trading at less than a third of the amount it was in July . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Netflix accounts for 32.7 % of peak U.S. downstream traffic Sandvine has noticed a shift away from PCs to access entertainment content 55 % of traffic volume consumed on game consoles , set-top boxes , etc. .
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan and the United States may soon reach a deal over night raids by U.S. and Afghan special forces on local dwellings that would increase Afghan control over and participation in the controversial operations . Night raids are deeply unpopular among Afghans , but U.S. officials say they are vital to NATO 's operation against insurgents . One Afghan official stressed the deal would mean night raids complied with Afghan laws . A U.S. official insisted any compromise would not impede NATO 's effectiveness . "  There has been some very good progress , " President Hamid Karzai 's spokesman Aimal Faizi said . "  Both sides are very close to agreement on a memorandum of understanding under which all night operations will be fully Afghanized and conducted under Afghan laws . " Pentagon spokesman George Little said , "  We believe we are still making progress toward a resolution on the agreement . " But , he said , there 's no specific timing on resolving the issue . Another U.S. official declined to comment "  on the specifics of ongoing negotiations . " "  A memorandum of understanding will be in accordance with the ongoing process of Afghanistan of special operations as required by the November loya jirga and will meet U.S. operational needs , " the official said . A loya jirga is a national assembly of tribal elders . Talks have been going on for weeks now on this key memorandum of understanding to address what is perhaps the most difficult issue in the partnership between Kabul and Washington . The agreement would remove one of the obstacles in the way of a highly symbolic Strategic Partnership Document , outlining the basis for U.S.-Afghan cooperation for the years after NATO 's 2014 drawdown . Night raids also present a particular challenge to Karzai . Their strong unpopularity has forced the president to demand they stop , or at least no longer involve foreign troops , despite their operational significance to NATO . Gen. John Allen , who commands U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , last month told Congress how vital and frequent those raids are . Allen said that in 2011 , 83 % of the raids succeeded in detaining or striking either their primary target or an associated insurgent . "  This last year , we had about 2,200 night operations , " he told the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  Of those 2,200 or so night operations , on 90 % of them we did n't fire a shot . On more than 50 % of them we got the targeted individual , and  in  30 % more we got the next associate of that individual as well . " As for civilian casualties , in the 10 % of the night raids where shots were fired , "  less than 1.5 % civilian casualties " resulted , Allen said . Pentagon spokesman Little told reporters Wednesday that over 97 % of the night raids are combined U.S.-Afghan operations , and almost 40 % of the night raids are now Afghan-led . A senior Afghan official said details of the arrangement on night raids were changing daily and meetings were ongoing , but the issue of compliance under Afghan law was key to the talks . A legal process , such as the issuing of a warrant of arrest , would have to take place before any raids happened , the official said . It would not be enough -- as suggested in some reports -- if the legal process just involved asking a judge after the raid for permission to keep any detainees captured in custody , the official said . Karzai says Afghanistan 's homes and villages need to be safe and protected . "  What we are asking for , in very specific and clear terms ,  is that  no foreign forces should enter Afghan homes , " he said last year . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said last month that while it 's important that such operations continue , the United States is making changes . Allen said last month that "  we have come a very long way in creating greater capacity among the Afghans to conduct night operations in a very credible way . " "  Now , we 're still heavily partnered with them , and we will be for some period of time , but ... all of our night operations are partnered with Afghan partner unit forces . " CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Shots are fired in only one in 10 of the night raids carried out , Gen. John Allen has said Pentagon reports "  progress " toward a deal with Afghanistan on the raids U.S. officials say the practice is vital , but night raids are deeply unpopular among Afghans Talks on an agreement have been going on for weeks
CNN  -- John Travolta , in a letter thanking his Ocala , Florida , neighbors for sympathy shown in the wake of his teenage son 's death , asked them to love their friends and family "  like there was no tomorrow . " Travolta and Kelly Preston were vacationing in the Bahamas with their children when son Jett died . The letter , addressed "  To The People of Ocala , " said their "  comforting words , thoughts and prayers " made an "  impossibly painful situation , a little less painful . " It was signed by Travolta , his wife , Kelly Preston , and their eight-year-old daughter , Ella . It was released by Travolta 's lawyer Monday . Jett Travolta , 16 , was found unconscious on January 2 , while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas ' West End . He was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . The autopsy results have not been made public , but employees of the funeral home that handled the remains said the cause of death on the death certificate was "  seizure . " Since returning from the Bahamas , the family has remained inside the gated Jumbolair Aviation Estates -- a fly-in community on the outskirts of Ocala . "  The enormous amount of love , support and condolence we have received from this community has been most humbling , " Travolta 's letter said . "  Comforting words , thoughts and prayers of Ocala 's citizens have made an impossibly painful situation , a little less painful . " Many guests for the memorial service on Thursday arrived in planes that landed on the Jumbolair runway -- big enough for Boeing 747s and behind the community gates . "  The actions of Ocala 's community leaders , its law enforcement professionals , our neighbors at Jumbolair and its surrounding communities have offered us the dignity to grieve the loss of our son and Ella 's brother in peace , " the letter said . "  For this we will always be grateful . " The most visible show of sympathy was centered at the main gate , where the people left their own memorials to Jett Travolta . "  From the people who drove hours to drop off cards and flowers at our doorstep , to the service providers who made Jett 's ceremony so beautiful , thank you , " Travolta wrote . "  Every person who we have encountered has offered to do anything in their power to help us , but add that they feel powerless to do so . "  We want all of you to know that you have already helped us . By sharing our grief , you lessen our burden . For all of the people who have kept Jett in their prayers , know that those prayers have given us inspiration and strength . " The letter closed with Travolta 's advice to his neighbors -- a lesson learned through the sudden loss of his son . "  In parting , we want all of you to cherish your loved ones and your friends like there was no tomorrow , to live your lives to the fullest by continuing to help one another , and to be true to yourselves . "	Jett Travolta , son of John Travolta and Kelly Preston , died January 2 Travolta family sent letter of thanks to Ocala , Florida , neighbors There has been outpouring of support for Travolta family
CNN  -- As a young child Egyptian mountaineer Omar Samra did n't resemble someone who would one day tackle Mount Everest . At 11 years old he was scrawny and asthmatic . He 'd wake up nightly gasping for air and required two inhalers to keep his airways open . The doctor told him that his condition would eventually disappear in his 20s or sooner if he started seriously exercising . This diagnosis would end up changing and eventually defining his life . Just after two months of rigorous exercise he was off his inhalers and one year later he was winning running competitions . "  For me as a young kid , that was a transformation moment because then I realized if I actually work hard and train hard at something , I can actually change the cards that I 'm dealt and I can actually control my own fate and that for me was very inspiring , " says Samra . Seventeen years after the doctor 's diagnosis , Samra took this determination to tackle the world 's tallest peak . The former asthmatic navigated deadly glaciers and subzero temperatures to ascend 8,850 meters  29,035 feet  to the thinnest air on Earth and into the history books . He became the first Egyptian and youngest Arab to ever climb Mount Everest . "  I think Everest was a turning point in my life , " says Samra . Read related : From war child to U.S. Olympics star This turning point saw him quit his job as an investment banker to become a full time adventurist . He started Wild Guanabana , which was the Middle East 's first carbon neutral travel company . He also planned to summit the tallest peaks on all seven continents . He scaled Aconcagua , the tallest mountain in South America , oblivious that trouble was brewing back home in Egypt . "  I started this climb on the 20th of January 2011 and everybody knows what happened on the 25th . Now I was maybe 5,000 - 6,000 meters above sea level , somewhere completely remote without any access to the outside world . On the 28th , I had this intuitive feeling that I should call home . " Samra could n't reach his family . Frantically he called every number he could remember but every call ended in an error message . It was n't until he went online he found out Egypt was swept up in a revolution against President Hosni Mubarak . He was presented with a hard choice , return home or push for the summit . He decided climb on undeterred and sent an emotional message to the people rallying in Tahrir Sqaure when he reached the top . "  I had the Egyptian flag with me and I wrote ` Egypt it 's for its people . ' I was inspired and taken by the whole emotion of what was going on . I climbed the mountain and raised the flag . " After reaching the summit , Samra raced down the mountain , leaving equipment behind , to board a flight for Cairo making it back in time to see Mubarak step down . Read related : Paula Kahumbu teaches lions and humans to get along Samra 's experiences have made him a sought after motivational speaker and minor celebrity around the world . But he says he draws inspiration from his mother and her championing the rights of the intellectually disabled in Egypt through the Right to Live Association . Samra is also deeply attached to this cause as both of his older sisters suffer from learning impairments . His devotion to family combined with his experiences would come together to form the charity the Right To Climb Association  RTC  . "  Almost one out of ten Egyptians has a disability of some kind and we have to do something to raise awareness and funds , " says Samra . RTC takes climbers up Africa 's tallest mountain , Kilimanjaro , to raise money through donations for the charity . Since the RTC initiative started Samra has raise over one million Egyptian pounds , roughly $ 164,000 . Samra hopes the mountains he 's conquered , both literal and metaphorical , will resonate with others so that they become better by pushing their own limits . "  I hope that everything that I 've done and everything I do in the future will inspire people to push beyond their own boundaries ; to understand that the challenges that we face or the limitations that we think about only lie in our mind and that we basically can accomplish anything that we set out to do . "	Omar Samra recovered from childhood asthma to become first Egyptian to scale Everest Mountaineer missed uprising against Hosni Mubarak while climbing toward summit Plans to scale the highest mountain on each of the seven continents
CNN  -- Serbian police are conducting another search for war crimes suspect Ratko Mladic and another fugitive , the office of the war crimes prosecutor in Belgrade said Friday . Ratko Mladic , pictured in 1993 , is the highest-ranking war crimes suspect still at large . The search , launched at the request of Serbian war crimes prosecutor Vladimir Vukcevic , is being conducted around the town of Arandjelovac , 45 miles  75 kilometers  south of Belgrade , the prosecutor 's office said . Serbia is offering a reward of 1 million euros for information leading to the capture of Ratko Mladic , the Bosnian Serb general wanted by the United Nations ' International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , ICTY , in the Hague . A reward of $ 250,000 is offered for information leading to the arrest of Serbia 's other fugitive , Goran Hadzic . Mladic is the highest-ranking figure from the conflict to remain at large following the July arrest of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic . Mladic commanded the Bosnian Serb military during the 1992-95 war in Bosnia-Herzegovina . The U.N. tribunal indicted Mladic in 1995 , along with 51 others , on charges involving war crimes and atrocities committed during four years of civil war . In July 1996 , an international arrest warrant was issued for Mladic after investigators collected evidence at the site of the Srebrenica massacre . Mladic stepped down as military commander in November 1996 and returned to Belgrade . But he disappeared after former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was arrested in 2001 . The 66-year-old faces charges of genocide and crimes against humanity over the killing of some 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995 . He 's also wanted for his role in the 1992 shelling of Sarajevo . In 1992 , as hostilities broke out in Sarajevo , Mladic led the "  shelling and sniping to target civilian areas of the city and its civilian population and institutions , killing and wounding civilians , and thereby also inflicting terror upon the civilian population , " the war crimes tribunal contends . The status of Mladic is one of the major stumbling block 's to Serbia 's admission to the European Union . In April Serbia 's government signed a preliminary agreement setting the country on the path to full EU membership . But ratification of the agreement was made conditional on Serbia sending Mladic to the Hague . CNN 's Ben Blake in London , England , contributed to this report .	Serbian police search for former Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic Mladic is the highest-ranking Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect still at large Search conducted in town of Arandjelovac , 75kms  45 miles  south of Belgrade Serbian EU membership agreement conditional on sending Mladic to the Hague
The family of a 9-year-old girl who accidentally shot and killed an Arizona instructor with an Uzi is "  devastated " and asking for privacy , according to a statement from a family lawyer . "  Words can not express the family 's sadness about the accidental shooting of Charles Vacca , " attorney Kevin Walsh said Tuesday . "  They are devastated by this accident that turned what was supposed to be a unique and brief excursion from their summer vacation into a life-changing tragedy . They are dealing with this privately as a family , " he said . Charles Vacca was shot in the head last month as he showed the New Jersey girl how to fire the Israeli-made 9mm submachine gun . As she pulled the trigger , the gun jumped out of her left hand toward Vacca , who was standing beside her . Authorities said the August 25 death was being handled as an industrial accident , with state occupational safety and health officials investigating . The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also was notified . Prosecutors said they expected no charges to be filed . Cell phone video released by authorities shows the moments before the fatal shots were fired , CNN affiliate KLAS reported . In the video , Vacca and the girl are at an outdoor range . The wind blows a target in the distance . Vacca shows the child how to hold the gun and then helps her establish her grip and her stance . She fires one round , and dirt flies above the target . Vacca adjusts the Uzi , places his right hand on her back and his left under her right arm . She fires several rounds in rapid succession , and the gun kicks to the left as she loses control . The video ends before the fatal head shot . In releasing the video , authorities did not identify who made it . The shooting touched off a debate about whether children should be allowed to shoot guns like an Uzi . Bullets and Burgers , the shooting range where the accident happened , is part of a tourism niche offering packages costing up to $ 1,000 to shoot different high-powered weapons . The range offers bachelorette parties , birthday celebrations and wedding events . The Bullets and Burgers website says children between the ages of 8 and 17 can shoot a weapon if accompanied by a parent or guardian . "  Although certain people will seek to use this tragedy for their own partisan purposes and agendas , the family asks all compassionate Americans to pray for their children and the entire Vacca family . Please respect both families ' privacy as they seek to deal with this tragic accident , " attorney Walsh said . Opinion : Get rid of assault weapons	Charles Vacca was shot in the head as he showed the girl how to shoot "  Words can not express the family 's sadness , " attorney says The shooting occurred at a gun range in Arizona that caters to tourists
Gays hoping to join the Boy Scouts will have to wait until at least May after the organization 's executive board put off a vote on lifting its outright ban on openly homosexual scouts and troop leaders . The board had been expected to vote Wednesday on a proposal to let local groups set their own policies , but said instead that it needs more time to get comment on the issue from its members . "  After careful consideration and extensive dialogue within the Scouting family , along with comments from those outside the organization , the volunteer officers of the Boy Scouts of America 's National Executive Board concluded that due to the complexity of this issue , the organization needs time for a more deliberate review of its membership policy , " the board said in a written statement . The decision will now be made at the organization 's annual meeting in May . About 1,400 members of the group 's national council will take part during that gathering , the board said . In the meantime , the organization will "  further engage representatives of Scouting 's membership and listen to their perspectives and concerns . " Opinion : Ban on gays hurts Scouting The decision disappointed critics who had hoped to see the organization end its ban despite a 2000 Supreme Court ruling saying it had the right to keep it . "  Every day that the Boy Scouts of America delay action is another day that discrimination prevails , " said Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin . "  Now is the time for action . Young Americans , gay and straight , are hurt by the inaction associated with today 's news . The BSA leadership should end this awful policy once and for all , and open the proud tradition of Scouting to all . " Others hope the delay will provide time to lobby the Boy Scouts to scrap the plan . "  This issue is not a gay rights issue , " said Utah scout leader Eric Montague . "  It 's a gender attraction issue and it 's also a politics issue . As a local scout leader , I do n't need to worry about gay rights -- that should n't be my role ; that should n't be what I do . And to push that decision upon me is not the best way to go . " Conservative groups and some religious organizations have argued against making any change , saying it would dilute the Boy Scout message of morality and potentially destroy the organization . The Boy Scouts announced last month that the organization would consider changing the policy , a sharp reversal of its previous support for excluding openly gay members and scout leaders . The new policy would allow local leaders to decide "  consistent with each organization 's mission , principles or religious beliefs " whether to open troops they sponsor to openly gay people , the group said in a statement at the time . The proposal comes more than a decade after a Supreme Court ruling that found the organization has the right to keep gays out , but also amid declining participation in the venerable American institution . Membership in Boy Scouts has declined by about a third since 1999 . About 2.7 million people now participate in scouting nationwide , with more than 70 % of troops affiliated with a church or religious groups . The organization has also endured frequent criticism from gay rights groups and other critics who say the Boy Scouts should not endorse discrimination . Activists hail a watershed moment in gay rights movement Among more recent controversies , the organization came under fire last year after Jennifer Tyrrell , an Ohio den leader , was dismissed by her local Boy Scout officials for being a lesbian . On Tuesday , Tyrell delivered a petition she said was signed by 1.4 million people supporting the change . Before Wednesday 's announcement of the delay , she said she was looking forward to the change , but added it would not go far enough . "  If this ban is lifted , it 's a great first step , " she said Wednesday on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  But it 's still going to lead to kids being rejected . Families are still going to be turned away . " Brandy Pryde , a troop leader who participated in a prayer vigil outside the Boy Scouts headquarters Wednesday , said her church would pull support from scouting if the change goes through . "  What happens when we go camping and there 's units that allow gays and homosexuals and there 's units that do n't , how are we going to keep them separated from those units and how are we going to instill in our kids Christian values and the biblical truth if that 's allowed in our program ? " she said . A poll released Monday suggests the public is in favor of lifting the ban . The poll , conducted January 30 to February 4 by Quinnipiac University , found 55 % of respondents favored lifting the ban . The school said 33 % were opposed . The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.3 percentage points . President Barack Obama , who is honorary president of the national organization by virtue of his office , also supports opening troops to everyone . On Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the administration had no comment on the Boy Scouts decision . "  You know that the president believes the Boy Scouts is a valuable organization that has helped educate and build character in American boys for more than a century , " Carney said . "  He also , as you know , opposes discrimination in all forms . And as such , believes -- as he said just on Sunday -- that gay Americans ought to be able to participate in the Boy Scouts . But in terms of the process of their evaluation of their policies , I do n't have a comment . " Conservative politicians and religious leaders have said that changing the policy would dilute the organization 's voice and mission . Scouting goes through a rough patch Some , including former Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum , have argued the change could destroy scouting . Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention said the change could be a "  catastrophe . " "  What they 've said to us and to other religious leaders is that they are doing this under pressure , and we 're going to give people what basically amounts to a local option , " Land said . "  You ca n't have a local option of a core conviction . " Changing the policy against having openly gay leaders or Scouts "  would be a grave mistake , " the conservative Family Research Council and dozens of other groups said in a half-page ad in USA Today this week . The message called on the Boy Scouts to "  show courage " and "  stand firm for timeless values . " "  Every American who believes in freedom of thought and religious liberty should be alarmed by the attacks upon the Boy Scouts , who have had core convictions about morality for 100 years , " the ad said . "  Every Scout takes an oath to keep himself ` morally straight . ' The Boy Scouts have every right to include sexual conduct in how they define that term . " But others say scouting is suffering because of its policy on gays , not despite it . Eagle Scout Zach Wahls , founder of Scouts for Equality , says the ban has backfired . When he was 10 , Wahls ' Cub Scout pack had to find a new home because the Boy Scouts of America 's policy violated the nondiscrimination rule of the school district that hosted it . "  I was confused , because my den mother , Jackie -- who is my actual mother -- was a lesbian , and nobody in our unit had any issue with that , " Wahls wrote . The pack managed to find another sponsor -- a nearby church -- but "  some parents pulled their kids from the pack , uncomfortable with entrusting their sons to an organization they believed engaged in discrimination . "	"  This issue is not a gay rights issue , " Utah scout leader who opposes change says "  End this awful policy , " the Human Rights Campaign urges Boy Scouts of America The organization said last month it would consider changing its ban on openly gay members Boy Scout leaders put off vote scheduled for Wednesday ; it will now happen in May
Aboard Development Driller III , Gulf of Mexico  CNN  -- The news ? They ca n't watch it anymore . Outsiders criticizing their progress , saying they 're not working fast enough or smart enough -- it 's too much to bear . They understand how awful the situation is . They are , after all , working on the waters where friends and relatives died . Those losses , and the stories they hear from workers who survived the Deepwater Horizon explosion , are with them every day . It 's a weight they carry as the world watches . These men and women are working to drill a relief well -- 16,000 to 18,000 feet below the seafloor , Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen says . It is the only surefire way to stop the oil that 's spewing into the Gulf of Mexico . "  It takes time to dig a relief well safely and efficiently , which is what we 're trying to do , " Capt. Lee Crowe says . "  Our goal is to stem the flow of oil -- the long-term solution , not the short-term solution . " As of Thursday , BP says the drill for this relief well has reached a depth of 13,978 feet . See a BP image of both relief well statuses , last updated on May 30 There are fewer than 200 workers on board at any one time . They are marine biologists , scientists , construction and tool experts . They must understand the physics of what they 're doing . Simple hired hands ? Not even close . They work on the rig in three-week shifts , living in simple quarters and eating in a space not unlike a school cafeteria . Mementos from home , pictures of the families they leave behind to do this work , appear on desks . Most of them come from Mississippi , Louisiana and Texas -- the very places that will be hardest hit by the oil-riddled waters . So for them , what they 're doing is more than a job , the kind of job that 's been passed on through generations . They are trying to protect their own homes . And they 're trying to right what has gone so horribly wrong . "  Part of the problem is that there is a lot of outside scrutiny on what it is that we 're doing out here , " Capt. Nick Schindler says . "  The American population is wanting this well done . They want it now . We all want it done now . But we all have to understand that this is a well that killed 11 people ... and sunk a rig . So we 're not going to speed up , and we 're going to do this as safe as possible . " To get to where disaster struck on April 20 takes a one-hour helicopter ride from New Orleans , Louisiana . From the air , heading out there , one can see efforts to contain the spreading oil . Large floating booms arc in the water to absorb the crude . The large black slicks or dark pools one might expect to see are not visible . Instead there are orange pancake-like deposits , the result of oil that 's been exposed to the elements . Allen , during the flight , notices what no outsider can . The shifting winds change the flow trajectory in the water . Based on this , he predicts Pensacola , Florida , will be hit with oil in a couple of days . A couple of days later , it is . But the smell -- like fresh tar -- ca n't be missed by anyone . It only grows stronger as the Coast Guard helicopter reaches its destination , landing on Development Driller III . Across the water , Development Driller II works on the backup relief well , while Discover Enterprise tries to cap the gushing oil . It is beneath that rig that underwater cameras are trained on the oil the world is seeing . Support vessels between the three rigs are busy offering their own help to the massive effort . Two boats fire fresh water from their sterns , a move meant to lessen the fumes emanating from the contaminated water . Safety is top of mind on this rig . Visitors landing on the rig must go downstairs to watch a safety video , take off accessories like earrings and put on a hard hat , goggles and steel-toed boots . A woman working at a desk thanks the CNN crew for finally telling the workers ' story . Nearby , on a table , are copies of a special magazine memorializing the Deepwater Horizon workers who died . The operation is enormous , the equipment and technicalities overwhelming . In meeting rooms , screens monitor progress and maps dot walls . The diagrams the Coast Guard admiral draws to help explain matters leave a journalist 's head spinning . But he tries to explain in simple terms . "  The intention is to intercept the wellbore , well down below the surface near the reservoir , then pump heavy mud in to counteract the pressure of the oil coming up , " Allen says . "  That will allow them to basically plug or kill the well . Once that 's done , you could do things like remove the blowout preventer , bring it to the surface and try to find out what happened . " Get a taste of the chaos that is Adm. Thad Allen 's life On deck , it 's a loud and constant operation . Voices call back and forth , giving directions amid massive equipment that towers above . People operating the drill and two cranes maneuver across the rig in a carefully orchestrated ballet . The incessant drilling brings an endless vibration . There is no idle chit-chat for these Transocean employees , who are working 12-hour shifts , around the clock . It 's intense , serious , focused . "  I just want everybody to know that we 're doing everything we possibly can , " says Schindler . "  We 're not going to rush . We 're not going to hurt anybody . We 're going to protect everybody , and we 're going to remember that this is a place where we had a catastrophic event . "	CNN 's Kyra Phillips gets exclusive access to rig drilling relief well to stop gushing oil Workers put in 12-hour days and feel weight of world watching and criticizing them The men and women feel the loss of friends and family who died in waters there "  We 're doing everything we possibly can , " but must stay safe , not rush , captain says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Janet Jackson and four of her siblings sent a scathing letter to the men who control Michael Jackson 's estate , accusing them of fraud and of abusing their mother . "  THIS HAS TO STOP NOW : NO MORE !! " the Jackson siblings wrote in the letter obtained by CNN . The letter also suggested that their mother , Katherine Jackson , suffered a "  mini-stroke " recently , which her lawyer quickly disputed . Family , fans mark Michael Jackson 's death three years later The controversy even led Paris Jackson , the late pop star 's 14-year-old daughter , to use her Twitter account to weigh in . "  i am going to clarify right now that what has been said about my grandmother is a rumor and nothing has happened , she is completely fine , " Paris tweeted . Relations between the Jackson family and executors John Branca and John McClain have been strained for most of the three years since Michael Jackson 's sudden death from an overdose of an anesthetic used as a sleep aid . The letter mostly repeats allegations made by family members , but it also threatens new legal action against Branca , an entertainment lawyer , and McClain , a music executive , who worked with Jackson at several points in his career . "  We know there is most certainly a conspiracy surrounding our brother 's death and now coarse manipulation and fear are being used to cover it up , " they wrote . "  Your heartless pursuit of wealth , fame and power is at the expense of our family , whose deepest desire is to give to the world a gift of hope , love and unity through our music . " Stallone decries ` speculation ' over son 's death It was signed by Janet , Jermaine , Tito , Randy and Rebbie Jackson . Jackie , Marlon and La Toya Jackson did not sign it , nor did parents Joe and Katherine Jackson . "  We are saddened that false and defamatory accusations grounded in stale Internet conspiracy theories are now being made by certain members of Michael 's family whom he chose to leave out of his will , " estate spokesman Jim Bates said in a statement to CNN . "  We are especially disheartened that they come at a time when remarkable progress has been made to secure the financial future of his children by turning around the estate 's finances as well as during a time when so many of Michael 's fans , old and new , are enjoying his artistry through exciting new projects . " The will , which was validated in probate court in the months after Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death , put all Jackson 's assets into a trust that benefited his mother , Katherine ; his children , Prince , Paris and Blanket ; and charities . Branca and McClain were named as executors . The signature page indicated that Michael Jackson signed the will in Los Angeles on July 7 , 2002 , on which date the Jacksons say he was in New York . The siblings ' letter charged that "  without question , it 's fake , flawed and fraudulent . " Rihanna sues her former accountants "  According to what is witnessed in the document , it is impossible and illogical that he could have been in two places at one time , " the letter said . "  We have evidence that undoubtedly supports and proves that Michael was absolutely not in Los Angeles , California , on the date his signature reflected in the will at hand . " They also questioned why their brother would name as executors someone he disliked . "  Our brother told us , in no uncertain terms and without hesitation in the months prior to his death , that he despised both of you and that he did not want either of you to have anything to do with his life or estate for that matter , " the letter said . "  We know that and you know that . " Courts have already settled the matter , the estate spokesman said . "  Any doubts about the validity of Michael 's will and his selection of executors were thoroughly and completely debunked two years ago when a challenge was rejected by the Los Angeles County Superior Court , the California Court of Appeals and , finally , the California Supreme Court , " Bates said . The Jackson brothers and sisters also accuse Branca and McClain of abusing their 82-year-old mother through lies and manipulations . "  Your actions are affecting her health , and on top of that , we 've just found out she recently had a mini-stroke . Please understand , she 's not equipped to handle the stress load you are putting on her , " her children said . "  She feels , as she has said , ` I 'm stuck in the middle . ' She too knows and acknowledges the will was forged . She wants to do the right thing , and move in the direction of justice for her son and family , yet she fears the POWERS THAT BE . " Katherine Jackson 's lawyer Perry Sanders disputed that she was in poor health . Glen Campbell cancels tour dates "  Mrs. Jackson is extremely lucid and does a great job caring for Michael 's children , " Sanders said Wednesday . The siblings also attacked Sanders , Katherine Jackson 's manager , Lowell Henry , and adviser Trent Jackson for discouraging her from joining their challenge of the will 's validity . "  Instead , her so-called advisers are convincing her to let them negotiate ` deals ' with Branca and McClain on her behalf , or is it on the behalf of all of you , " they wrote . "  Her advisers ' loyalty seems to be skewed by the percentage you offer them , preventing them from advising her properly . " Sanders responded that he 's always been available "  to speak with or meet with any of Mrs. Jackson 's children to answer any questions they might have . It is unfortunate that they have n't taken me up on the offer . " "  Anyone who actually knows me knows my only loyalty in this matter is to Mrs. Jackson , and the public record of my success for her speaks for itself , " Sanders said . He pointed to success in paying off her $ 14 million civil court judgment to a South Korean company , persuading the estate not to sell the family 's Hayvenhurst mansion and "  helping get her family allowance increased almost tenfold , to name a few . " Deep Purple keyboardist Jon Lord dies The siblings ' letter told the executors they have "  dishonored everything our brother stood for . " "  Your greed and hasty business decisions have shown that you have no regard for the preservation of his legacy , nor the quality of work that he exemplified , " they said . "  You have disrespected our parents and family too many times . We do not respect you as executors , and we do n't respect the projects and choices you 've made , nor do we appreciate the public perception that the Jackson family is behind all of this , exploiting Michael our brother for financial gain , when it 's the two of you and your affiliates who do so . " Finally , the five Jacksons wrote that they would "  take every appropriate action to seek justice and to see to it that the truth be known . " "  Be informed , we are considering retaining a law firm , Baker Hostetler , who have advised us on the potential criminal misconduct in your actions . We will hand this over to proper authorities , " they wrote . Bates said the executors "  have diligently carried out their fiduciary duties as well as their obligation to Michael to make sure that his estate benefits the only family members he named in his will , his mother and his three children . " Michael Jackson ` Bad ' reissue to feature unreleased Wembley Stadium show	Siblings : "  Heartless pursuit of wealth , fame and power is at the expense of our family " Jacksons say brother 's will is "  Fake , flawed and fraudulent " Charges are "  grounded in stale Internet conspiracy theories , " estate says Janet , Jermaine , Tito , Randy and Rebbie Jackson sign letter
A prosecuting attorney greeted the jury in the George Zimmerman trial Monday with a quote full of expletives , while his adversary decided it was appropriate to tell jurors a knock-knock joke . And that was just the beginning of opening statements in Zimmerman 's long-anticipated murder trial . In a case that has ignited national debate about gun laws and race relations , Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain , is accused of second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in February 2012 in Sanford , Florida . Prosecutor John Guy 's first words to the six-woman jury may have raised a few eyebrows . "  Good morning . ` F ***** g punks , these a ****** s all get away , ' " Guy quoted Zimmerman . "  These were the words in this grown man 's mouth as he followed this boy that he did n't know . Those were his words , not mine . " Zimmerman , Guy said , "  got out of his car with a pistol and two flashlights to follow Trayvon Benjamin Martin , who was walking home from a 7-Eleven , armed " with a fruit drink and a bag of candy . Eventually the two became entangled on the ground in a fight . A witness has said Martin was on top of Zimmerman , Guy said . "  The defendant claims that while Trayvon Martin was on top of him , he said , ` you are going to die tonight , ' " said Guy . "  Nobody heard that . " Guy told jurors that no witnesses saw what happened the night of the shooting from beginning to end . Witnesses only saw "  slices " of what happened , he said . "  We are confident that at the end of this trial you will know in your head , in your heart , in your stomach that George Zimmerman did not shoot Trayvon Martin because he had to , " Guy said . "  He shot him for the worst of all reasons , because he wanted to . " Fast facts : Trayvon Martin shooting In the first day of testimony , jurors heard witnesses recount Martin 's trip to the convenience store , Zimmerman 's call complaining about a suspicious person walking through his neighborhood before Martin 's killing , and a call from the previous August , in which Zimmerman reported an alleged burglary to police . Proceedings ended for the day when defense attorney Mark O'Mara objected to the earlier call , which prosecutors argued was necessary to explain Zimmerman 's remark about burglars who "  get away . " The Martin family sat watching the proceedings behind State Attorney Angela Corey . Before witness testimony began , Judge Debra Nelson denied a defense request that Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , leave the courtroom . Tracy Martin is a potential witness , and potential witnesses can be forced to sit outside of the courtroom to keep their testimony from being tainted by other witnesses . But the next-of-kin of victims are allowed to remain in court even if they 're expected to testify . O'Mara also accused Tracy Martin of using an obscenity toward a friend of Zimmerman 's while holding the door for him during a hearing two weeks ago . The friend , Timothy Tucholski , testified that he had n't wanted to make an issue of it before . "  I was n't planning on coming up here . I do n't want to be sitting here , " he said . But Nelson denied the request , and Martin remained in court -- but Zimmerman 's parents were covered by the rule regarding potential witnesses and had to sit outside , as did Benjamin Crump , the lawyer for Martin 's parents . At one point , Martin 's father began crying as Guy detailed how officers tried to save his son 's life . Zimmerman has mostly stared straight ahead without any signs of emotion . Following Guy 's statement , defense attorney Don West came forward to woo the jury . As he began , he told a knock-knock joke . But it failed to win a laugh . "  Knock knock . Who 's there ? George Zimmerman . George Zimmerman who ? Good , you 're on the jury , " he said . Later , West apologized . "  No more bad jokes , I promise that , " he told jurors . "  I was convinced it was the delivery . " West quickly got on with the business of making his case : that Zimmerman was forced to act in self-defense to save his own life . "  The evidence will show this is a sad case ; no monsters here . ... George Zimmerman is not guilty of murder . He shot Trayvon Martin after he was viciously attacked . " With the help of PowerPoint visuals , West spent hours hammering home his argument . He broke down Zimmerman 's 911 call in which he first reported seeing Martin and told about following him . "  Little did George Zimmerman know at the time in less than 10 minutes from him first seeing Travyon Martin that he , George Zimmerman , would be suckered punched in the face , have his head pounded on concrete and wind up shooting and tragically killing Trayvon Martin , " West told jurors . West also deconstructed a 911 call a neighbor made , in which it is possible to hear screams and a shot in the background that West said was the sound of the fatal bullet . As the dramatic recording audio filled the courtroom , Zimmerman showed no emotion . Martin 's mother left the courtroom . "  At the moment this actually became physical was that Trayvon Martin -- I will use my words -- that Trayvon Martin decided to confront George Zimmerman , " West said . "  That instead of going home . He had plenty of time . This is , what , 60 or 70 yards . Plenty of time . He could 've gone back and forth four or five times . " West quoted a witness named John Good who described the fight . "  He called it a ` ground and pound ' by Martin , who he said was on top of Zimmerman , beating him . " "  He saw enough that this was serious , " West said . Zimmerman cried out for help , looked at Good and said , "  help me . " But the beating continued while Good went inside his home to call 911 , West said . There was a shot . Shortly afterward , according to West , Zimmerman said Martin "  was beating me up , and I shot him . " West also disputed the prosecution 's claim that Martin was unarmed . "  Travyon Martin armed himself with the concrete sidewalk and used it to smash George Zimmerman 's head , " said West . "  No different than if he picked up a brick or smashed his head against a wall . That is a deadly weapon . " West showed jurors photos taken of Zimmerman after the fight . "  What you can really see in these pictures that you will have in evidence are the lumps , " West said . "  The big knots on each side of his head . Consistent with having his head slammed into concrete . " All-female jury to try Zimmerman Among the first prosecution witnessed called was the 911 dispatcher who took Zimmerman 's call before the shooting . Seat Noffke testified that he was trained to give general commands instead of direct orders to people . When Zimmerman said he was following Martin , Noffke told him , "  Okay we do n't need you to do that . " Noffke told the prosecutor he 's liable for any direct orders he gives someone . On cross-examination , defense attorney O'Mara pointed out that Noffke asked Zimmerman , "  Which way is he running ? " "  If you tell somebody twice to let you know if the person that they 're concerned about is doing anything else -- do you think they 're going to keep their eye on them ? " asked O'Mara . "  I ca n't answer that , " said Noffke . "  You did tell him twice to let you know if that guy did anything else , " said O'Mara . "  Yes sir , " said Noffke . Noffke went on to say he only wanted a location of the suspect for officers and that he never told Zimmerman to follow or keep his eye on Martin . Shortly before court got under way , Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , spoke to reporters , asking people to "  pray for me and my family because I do n't want any other mother to experience what I 'm going through now . " Judge : No state expert testimony on 911 calls Martin was black , and Zimmerman identifies himself as Hispanic . In a CNN poll released Monday morning , 62 % of respondents say the charges against Zimmerman are probably or definitely true .	Defense lawyer apologizes for telling joke during opening statements Father of Trayvon Martin cries in courtroom ; George Zimmerman shows no emotion Did Zimmerman commit 2nd degree murder when he killed Martin ? Or was it self-defense ? 62 % in a CNN poll say the charges against Zimmerman are "  probably " or "  definitely " true
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Top Bush administration officials gave the CIA approval to use waterboarding , a controversial interrogation technique , as early as 2002 , a Senate intelligence report shows . Dick Cheney and Condoleezza Rice were among the officials who OK 'd the use of waterboarding , a report says . On July 17 , 2002 , national security adviser Condoleezza Rice , who later became secretary of state , said the CIA could proceed with "  alternative interrogation methods , " including waterboarding , when questioning suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah . The decision was contingent on the Justice Department 's determining the method 's legality . A week later , Attorney General John Ashcroft had determined the "  proposed interrogation techniques were lawful , " the report said . The same techniques also were used in the interrogations of Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , the first person charged in the United States in the 2000 attack on the destroyer USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors , and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the suspected mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Watch how Rice 's role has emerged " The release of the report , prepared by the attorney general 's office at the request of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , details and declassifies the advice given to the CIA regarding its interrogation techniques . The techniques again gained the endorsement of the Bush administration in spring 2003 when the CIA asked for a "  reaffirmation of the policies and practices in the interrogation program . " In a meeting that included Vice President Dick Cheney , CIA Director George Tenet , Ashcroft , Rice and their legal counsels , "  the principals reaffirmed that the CIA program was lawful and reflected administration policy , " the report said . President Obama has called waterboarding -- which simulates drowning -- torture and last week released a series of Bush-era memos on interrogation tactics . One memo showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on Zubaydah and Mohammed . In a 2008 interview with ABC , Cheney defended the practice of waterboarding , now banned by the Obama administration , particularly in the case of Mohammed . "  Did it produce the desired results ? I think it did , " Cheney said . Watch what Hillary Clinton says about Cheney " "  Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ... provided us with a wealth of information . There was a period of time there , three or fours years ago , when about half of everything we knew about al Qaeda came from that one source . "  So it 's been a remarkably successful effort , " he said . "  I think the results speak for themselves . " More recently , Cheney said some people are more interested in reading terrorists their rights than protecting the United States , a dig at the new administration . Cheney this week called Obama 's release of the Bush memos "  disturbing " and said the administration is sitting on other CIA memos that show that the interrogations helped stop terror attacks . Watch what Cheney says about Obama " "  They did n't put out the memos that show the success of the effort , and there are reports that show specifically what we gained as a result of this activity , " Cheney told Fox News on Monday . "  They have not been declassified . "	Senate report says top Bush officials gave CIA approval on waterboarding President Obama , others have called waterboarding torture Dick Cheney has said practice produced useful information on terrorists Cheney : Obama officials have n't released memos showing interrogation benefits
Beijing  CNN  -- Few people have had so much impact on the Chinese attitude towards sexuality and gender equality than Jin Xing . A spritely , sassy cultural icon , Jin Xing  or Golden Star  has sashayed her way to stardom as dancer-choreographer of Shanghai 's Jin Xing Dance Theater , one of China 's first non-government modern dance troupes . Jin has also emerged as one of the most prominent -- and controversial -- emblem of personal freedom and gender equality in China . Jin was one of the first Chinese to have a sex change operation -- and the first officially recognized by the Chinese government . Jin 's story acquires distinct significance in the Chinese context . Although the wall of puritanism built around China 's sexual mores has been gradually crumbling , traditional Chinese reticence and sexual stereotypes persist . I first met Jin Xing in 1994 , when he was a man . He had just returned to Beijing after spending four years in the United States , learning modern dance from mentors like Martha Graham , and later dancing with professional troupes in Rome and Paris . That time , the 26-year-old was perhaps the best male dancer in China , much admired for his furious pirouettes , soaring leaps and dazzling choreography . A year later , Jin decided to have sex change . "  When I was six years old , I thought I should be a woman , " Jin said . "  I myself knew something was wrong , but I did n't know what was wrong or what was mistaken . I had a confusing moment . I was wondering maybe I am homosexual , but in the end I said , no , I should come back to myself . " It was a difficult decision . Homosexuality was still considered a crime , tagged as "  hooliganism , " and was officially listed as a "  mental disorder . " "  That was quite taboo in 1995 , " Jin recalled . "  The country 's best male dancer becomes a female dancer -- that 's too much for the Chinese society and government . " Fortunately for Jin , the society and government took a laissez-faire tack . "  We Chinese always take the attitude , whenever things are not certain , we step back or stay there , to give it some time and space and let things naturally happen and become right . I was really challenging the boundaries of the society but I had confidence in myself . " Jin 's mother was not as sanguine . She worried the surgery would not go well and feared for her son 's future . Jin fretted over what his father , a military officer , would say . At age 28 , Jin underwent three sex-change surgeries . His final operation lasted 16 hours . Jin recalls sitting in the hospital and telling his father : "  Your son has become your daughter . " The PLA officer was briefly speechless , but after smoking a cigarette , he told Jin : "  Twenty years ago , I looked at you and wondered , I have a son but he looks like a girl . So 28 years later , you 've found yourself . Congratulations . " The new woman continued to thrive with even more charm and effervescence . I recall seeing Jin a few times in "  Half Dream , " a bar she opened in Beijing which briefly became a hub for local artists and expatriates . I remember seeing her driving in a green VW Beetle , rushing from one meeting to another , dressed in mini-skirts , loud colored blouses and high heels . In 2000 , Jin 's life changed again . She became a mother , adopting three Chinese orphans -- son Leo , daughter Vivian and little boy Julian . Soon after , she married a German man , Heinz Gerd Oidtmann . "  Everything is legal , " she enthused in her gravelly voice , referring to her sex change , marriage and adoption . "  But how does the society accept you and digest the status matters -- that 's up to you to convince them . " Meantime , even though homosexuality has been decriminalized in 1997 and was dropped from the official list of "  mental disorders " in 2001 , China 's LGBT community continues to struggle against social stigma and legal discrimination . Because the Chinese government remains largely silent on the issue of homosexuality , they risk official ban or harassment whenever they meet , organize or provide services within the community . There are no applicable laws and regulations governing gay marriage , divorce , child custody , adoption and other related issues . LGBT couples are not recognized as constituting families . Yet , with an estimated transgender community of around 400,000 the Chinese government has granted them civil rights under the law , allowing them to change their national ID cards and passports , and legally recognizing their marriages after sex-change . "  It 's still in the struggle period , but it 's getting better , " Jin said . She believes China needs more time . "  The day I came out as a woman to society , I said , ` Okay , I give myself 50 years ' time , I will tell the society who I am ' . " Jin 's willingness to reveal -- and revel in -- her sex-change story continues to make waves . When she is not dancing and choreographing , she is acting in films and appearing as a judge in China 's versions of "  Dancing with the Stars " and "  American Idol . " Is she a good role model for the Chinese youth ? "  I do n't want to be a role model , " she replied , flashing a smile as she tossed back her coiffed hair . "  I just want to be myself . Next month , I will release a book , in which I said , "  I do n't want to change the world , but I also do n't want the world to change me too much . ' I just want to be myself . "	Dancer-choreographer Jin Xing had China 's first officially recognized sex change operation in 1996 Jin has become an emblem of personal freedom and gender equality in China She appeared as a judge in China 's versions of "  Dancing with the Stars " and "  American Idol " Jin : "  I do n't want to change the world ... I just want to be myself "
CNN  -- Florida authorities Wednesday announced the arrests of 22 people , including three who listed Walt Disney World as their employer , in a sting of people allegedly targeting children for sexual activity . The arrests came after a weeklong investigation involving the Lake County sheriff 's cybercrimes unit in central Florida and other agencies . In the sting , which was called "  Be Mine , " detectives posed as children , or parents of children , in various online chat forums to connect with suspects seeking children for sex , authorities said . A vacant home was set up as a meeting place for the encounters , authorities said . As the detectives were solicited for sex , arrangements were made for the suspects to travel to the home for what they believed would be sex with a child . Upon arrival , the suspects were arrested . One suspect , identified as David Griffith , 47 , allegedly told detectives that he had recently made arrangements to meet a 7-year-old child in another county for sex . After reviewing his e-mails , detectives found conversations between Griffith and the 7-year-old 's mother . When the child was interviewed , she told investigators that her mother had sexually abused her , police said . The other suspects were identified as Marcos Soto-Rossi , 30 ; Joey Hughes , 31 ; Brian Baker , 25 ; Tyler Edge , 23 ; Ryan Roach , 25 ; Alexander Vorobets , 27 ; Paul Samaroo , 31 ; Robert Kingsolver , 49 ; Troy Allen Dupler , 43 ; David Penny , 32 , who police said is a registered sex offender ; Patrick Holgerson , 32 ; Joel Torres , 32 ; Aaron Will , 23 ; Nasib Jobe , 39 ; Angel Eduardo Alvarez , 29 ; Ariel Ovanounou , 20 ; Belal Shofique , 33 ; Mathew Dove , 20 ; David Earl Parker , 43 ; Adam Michael Jimenez , 25 ; Nathan Taylor Sullivan , 22 . Kingsolver , Holgerson and Torres listed their employers as Walt Disney World , authorities said . The nature of their jobs was not known . Marilyn Waters , a Disney spokeswoman , said the three have been placed on unpaid leave pending the outcome of the cases . The charges against the suspects included soliciting a child for sexual acts , traveling to meet a minor , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , procuring a person under the age of 18 for prostitution and failing to disclose HIV status to a sexual partner .	Sting dubbed "  Be Mine " nets 22 people allegedly targeting children for sex Three suspects have Walt Disney World as their employer Detectives posed as children or parents in various online chat forums
CNN  -- When Maria Elza de Fatima learned the World Cup was coming to Brazil in 2014 , she thought the good times were soon to return . Once the owner of a busy clothing stall , the 59-year-old Sao Paulo resident had scraped around for work since her license expired and was n't renewed by city authorities . But now the World Cup was coming to her home town -- along with many thousands of fans , visitors and tourists -- opportunities would abound , would n't they ? It has n't quite turned out that way . De Fatima may be one of the lucky ones who has been able to secure an official World Cup job but what she can do and where she can work is limited . Alongside roughly 600 others , she has been given permission to sell ice packs and soft drinks outside the Sao Paulo stadium . Only official FIFA partners are allowed to hock their wares here and within the arena . De Fatima is all too aware that many others have n't been so fortunate . She recalls the days when as many 22,000 stall-owners plied their trade on Sao Paulo 's streets . A mere 600 jobs  although there are also temporary roles in other areas  is n't nearly enough for them , she laments . "  This World Cup is not for the Brazilians , " de Fatima replies when asked whether Sao Paulo has experienced the boon she expected . "  It is for the foreigners and FIFA friends . " Nationwide protests De Fatima is n't the only disillusioned Brazilian . A recent poll by the Pew Research Center found that 61 % of respondents felt hosting the World Cup would be a bad thing for their country . According to Marina Mattar of the Sao Paulo Popular Committee of the World Cup , an umbrella organization for disparate protest groups in the city , the tournament will bring a lot of money into Brazil , but mainly to a well-connected few . "  The World Cup is bringing benefits to Brazil but it 's to the economic and political elites -- not to street vendors , not to small companies , entrepreneurs and not to workers in general , " she said . Key to this debate are the spiraling costs of building new stadia across the country to host matches during the World Cup . Promotional literature released by the Brazilian government puts expenditure in terms of funds , loans and credit lines from the public purse for stadium projects at at $ 3.5 billion . But a recent audit suggests the price has escalated to $ 4.2 billion . "  The stadiums are not being built for ordinary people because the price of the tickets is very high and many people will not be able to go watch football any more . "  Instead , the stadiums are in a way very good for big engineering companies to make money , " Mattar said . People have also been evicted from their homes to make way for projects relating to the World Cup and there has been the "  pacification " of favelas , which has seen police forcibly occupy some of the poorer neighborhoods in the city , she added . Such concerns are far from exclusive to Sao Paulo . All across Brazil , street protests have raged in the last year while popular committee groups have also sprung up in Rio de Janeiro , Belo Horizonte and beyond . A multitude of grievances , not all directly related to the world Cup , have driven this discontent -- including rising transport prices , higher living costs , housing concerns and accusations of police brutality . Fairness and equality are at the heart of these concerns . While Brazil has grown rapidly since the turn of the century , creating a new middle class , inequality remains high and some fear the very poorest are being left behind . According to the CIA World Factbook , Brazil ranks 17th out of 140 countries in terms of the highest levels of income disparity . Protesters are asking why an emerging nation is spending billions on hosting a football tournament when that money could be better directed towards alleviating poverty . "  It is unacceptable to build a mega event that will provide high profits to FIFA ... while there are serious problems of social inequality in the country , " said Jean Marcelo , an activist with the student protest group Domino Publico . "  The World Cup reaffirms an existing logic that rules the Brazilian government . It 's a logic benefiting big businesses and a small elite who occupy the top of the social pyramid , " he added . But with new roads , airports and stadiums being built , all of which have brought jobs and improvements to the country 's infrastructure , there are many who say the initial outlay , however eye-watering , will be worth it in the long term . The Brazilian government estimates that 710,000 temporary and permanent jobs will be created during the tournament while fan spending alone is expected to total $ 13 billion . On top of that , many Brazilian cities see the exposure they will gain hosting matches as an opportunity to position themselves as attractive destinations to potential investors and tourists now and in the future . A World Cup for all ? "  There has been significant investment in urban mobility projects , in airport modernization projects , in port modernization projects , telecommunications infrastructure and security infrastructure , " Brazil 's deputy sports minister Luis Fernandes told CNN . "  You have to remember that Brazil is still a developing nation ... as well as providing jobs for hundreds of thousands of Brazilians , these investments will benefit people in terms of the services provided , " he added . "  The fans who come to the World Cup wo n't be taking back with them the new urban transport solutions or airport extensions , " Fernandes said . Paulo Esteves , general supervisor at Rio de Janeiro-based think-tank , the BRICS Policy Center , agrees with this viewpoint . "  In a way , what we are seeing are investments that otherwise do not take place , " he said . "  The World Cup has been a kind of catalyst for this . " "  The government did not take money from health or transportation to invest in stadiums . Investments in public health and transportation will go on and on . " Esteves is quick to add , however , that this does n't mean public grievances are without merit , and believes the World Cup has created a platform for groups and people dissatisfied with how Brazil is developing as to unite and make their voices heard . In recent weeks teachers , metro workers and bus drivers have gone on strike demanding better pay and conditions . Others have taken to the streets to campaign for better housing . Rather than highlighting the negatives of hosting a football tournament , these protests "  are really talking about the other side of economic modernization in Brazil , " Esteves said . "  The World Cup is not a target per se but it is an opportunity to vocalize and make stronger ... claims for strengthening the process around political and social inclusion . " However , Mattar and others in protest movements maintain their opposition to the World Cup is based on principled rejection of spending decisions tied to what they regard as an elitist , closed event . Yet , with billions of dollars already spent and the tournament about to start , they are realistic about what opposition can now achieve . Still , Mattar hopes the anger felt by many Brazilians will reach the watching world and provide lessons for future hosts of big sporting events , including the next two World Cup host countries . "  We hope our legacy will be to show to people in Russia , Qatar and maybe in other places that these events and the way they are organized  make it  impossible they will bring any benefits , " Mattar said .	The World Cup is expected to bring in billions to Brazil 's economy Many protestors claim this money will remain in the hands of a well-connected few Brazilian officials say World Cup has boosted infrastructure projects and created jobs Country has experienced wide protests over hosting the World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- Five men missing from the Washington area are in Pakistani police custody , the FBI said Thursday , a day after Pakistani authorities arrested several men whom they described as Americans and accused them of plotting terrorist attacks . In a statement , the FBI said Pakistani authorities detained the men -- four of whom it said were found to have American passports -- on Wednesday , "  after they came to the attention of police . " The statement did not give further details and did not identify the men . "  Although positive identification is still pending , the FBI believes they are the missing individuals , " the bureau said . An FBI special agent and two other U.S. government officials from the U.S. Embassy have spoken with some of the men , the FBI said . Pakistani police said they are confident the men were planning terrorist acts , according to Tahir Gujjar , deputy superintendent of police in Sargodha , where the men were arrested . Gujjar told CNN that a preliminary investigation suggests that the men came to Pakistan to wage jihad and had sought to link up with the Jaish-e-Mohammed and Jamaat ud Dawa militant organizations , neither of which showed interest , he said . The men wanted to martyr themselves , he said . Pakistani officials arrested five of the men Wednesday , and a sixth man -- the father of one of the five -- was arrested afterward , Gujjar said . Usman Anwar , head of the district police of Sargodha , said the men initially made contact with Pakistani militants through YouTube in August while they were still in the United States . The men were watching videos of Americans being killed in Afghanistan and had posted comments , which caught the attention of the militants , Anwar said . After contact was made , a Yahoo e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate , Anwar said . "  They were using a typical method that has been used by very notorious organizations , " he said , explaining that e-mails were never sent from the account ; rather , each side left messages as drafts , which were deleted after they were read . After the arrests , authorities discovered that the men had received their final orders , including their "  exact task , going to a particular spot ... and the exact method of how to get there , " Anwar said . He did not disclose further details . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said that a team made up of U.S. Embassy security officials and FBI officials met with the men Thursday , and that consular officials will probably meet them Friday . "  It 's important to emphasize at this point , we are in an information-gathering phase , but we have met with them , " he said in a briefing Thursday with reporters . "  We 're going to find out how they made their way from Washington , D.C. , to Pakistan , why they were there , what their intentions were , " he said . "  At this point , we 've reached no judgments . " A U.S. law enforcement official who was not authorized to speak on the record said FBI agents based in Pakistan were interviewing the men , and added that some based in the United States would probably travel there as well . The official said he had seen reports of a sixth man arrested , but did not comment . The official , who would not provide a list of those arrested , said authorities are looking at computers the men were using in the United States , as well as cell phones and anything else they may have carried with them . Pakistani officials said Thursday that the six men are three Pakistani-Americans , an Ethiopian-American , an Egyptian-American and an Eritrean-American . President Obama said that he envisioned "  a series of investigations " into the arrests , but he said he preferred not to comment on them . The arrests followed a Wednesday raid on a home in Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad , Pakistani police said . In the raid , investigators found laptops and maps of Pakistan containing highlighted areas that correspond to regions where terrorists have been active , police said . A Pakistani official told CNN the men arrived in Karachi on November 30 and went on to Lahore and then Sargodha , the official said . The arrests came at the behest of local police , the official said . Subira Farouk , the wife of Khalid Farouk and the mother of Umar Farouk -- both arrested -- said she and her husband had traveled to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for Umar , and to her surprise , her son had arrived in the country shortly afterward . Farouk , who spoke to CNN in Sargodha on Thursday , described her son as a business student at George Mason University who she said would never plan a terrorist attack . The mother said that she had spoken to her son before he had arrived in Pakistan and that he had mentioned going to a conference with friends . Afterward , she said she did not hear from him , prompting her to grow concerned . After speaking with his friends ' parents , she said she believed that they had been kidnapped . The families contacted the Council on American-Islamic Relations and U.S. law enforcement authorities , who advised her to stay in Pakistan , she said . Later , Farouk said she received a call from a relative in Pakistan who said her son was in the country with several friends . She said she was relieved , thinking her son had surprised her , but authorities then arrested her husband , her son and his friends . The Council on American-Islamic Relations said Wednesday that it was assisting in the investigation of "  five Muslim young men from Virginia who left the country recently under mysterious circumstances . " CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper told CNN that one of the missing youths was a student at Howard University and that all five knew each other . Nihad Awad , CAIR executive director , told reporters that one left a video behind . "  I was disturbed by the content of it , " he said . One person appeared in it and made references to "  the ongoing conflict in the world , and that young Muslims have to do something , " Awad said . He said the video "  juxtaposed certain verses of the Quran , " and he suggested there was a misunderstanding of those verses and their potential misuse . The video is about 11 minutes long , he said , and is "  like a farewell . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Carol Cratty , Jeanne Meserve and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI says special agent , U.S. Embassy officials have spoken with some of the men State Department says it 's determining how men made it to Pakistan , why they 're there Pakistani officials : 5 arrested Wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later Pakistani police confident men were planning terrorist acts , official says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two American paratroopers went missing on Wednesday during a "  routine resupply mission in western Afghanistan , " the NATO-led force in the country said Friday . The pair -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- are operating under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Initial reports indicate that 25 ISAF and Afghan forces have been wounded in the search for the two . "  All available resources are being used to find the two missing paratroopers , " said the brigade operations officer , Lt. Col. Guy Jones . "  Our rear detachment is doing everything they can to support the families during this difficult time while we continue the search with our Afghan and coalition partners . " U.S. Navy Capt. Jane Campbell of the ISAF Joint Command said , "  We are committed to taking every measure possible to rescue or recover our missing service members . We continue to do everything we can to find them . " The service members disappeared near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , in the town of Bala Morghab and the province of Baghdis , said Sayed Ahmad Sami , the provincial police chief . He said they appeared to have gone missing in the Morghab River , but he did n't have any details about what happened . Service members from 42 countries serve in the International Security Assistance Force , including military men and women from 28 NATO countries , according to ISAF 's Web site . U.S. military personnel account for the bulk of ISAF service members . Separately , military authorities reported other recent incidents : • Two U.S. service members and a British soldier were killed in southern Afghanistan on Thursday in roadside bombings , ISAF and the British Defense Ministry said . • Police in Kunduz province said more than 130 Taliban insurgents were killed in a weeklong Afghan-ISAF operation that began on October 31 . Eight Taliban commanders and four Chechen fighters were among those killed , police said . CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	NEW : 82nd Airborne paratroopers missing in western Afghanistan NEW : 25 NATO , Afghan troops injured during search for pair , NATO-led force reports Soldiers missing since Wednesday , military says Missing soldiers were on routine resupply mission
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy reclaimed golf 's No. 1 ranking without lifting a club after Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald finished down the field in 37th at the RBC Heritage on Sunday . Donald needed a top-eight finish to hold off the Northern Irishman but a four-over-par 75 in the opening round put him on the back foot straight away and he eventually finished 16 shots behind the winner , Carl Pettersson of Sweden . McIlroy took the week off following a disappointing showing at the Masters , traveling to Copenhagen to support his tennis-playing girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki at her home tournament . The Dane 's bid for a third successive title in the event ended in defeat in Sunday 's final . McIlroy is next scheduled to play at the PGA Tour 's Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow , beginning May 3 -- a tournament he won in 2010 . " # 1 again without touching a golf club this week ... . I wish it was that easy ! " the 22-year-old tweeted on Sunday . Donald and McIlroy have swapped places three times this year already . The Englishman 's latest stint at the top lasted four weeks . "  Is it a concern ? No , " Donald said . "  Obviously , I 'd have liked to have played a bit more consistently this year . I built it up nicely last year through tournaments and winning a bunch . " Donald made the cut at the RBC Heritage with a second-round 69 but finished the tournament with two level-par rounds to end up on two over . "  Not my best week , getting used to leaving this place ranked # 2 . Nice week off now , " tweeted Donald , who lost out to Brandt Snedeker in a playoff at last year 's tournament . Donald won the Transitions Championship in March but has only one other top-10 finish . McIlroy has four top-five finishes to go with his Honda Classic win in March . Donald is next due to play at the Zurich Classic , beginning April 28 . Pettersson , meanwhile , began the final round with a one-shot lead over Colt Knost and finished with a confident two-under 69 to move clear of the field for his fifth PGA Tour title . Knost had a disastrous final round of 74 to drop out of contention , leaving Pettersson to claim victory by five strokes from another American , Zach Johnson . Three years ago , the 34-year-old Pettersson dropped 30 pounds in a bid to slim down and improve his fitness , but found his swing was compromised and quickly decided to revert to his previous weight . Describing how he put the pounds back on , Pettersson told the PGA Tour website : "  Well , you drink 10 beers and  eat  a tub of ice cream before bed . "	Luke Donald needed a top-eight finish at the RBC Heritage to keep No. 1 ranking Donald and Rory McIlroy have switched places three times already this season Sweden 's Carl Pettersson won the tournament by five shots from Zach Johnson
Entertainment Weekly  -- In the movies , "  the suburbs " are never just a place . They 're a state of mind , a mythology we all know in our bones . Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio share a happy moment in "  Revolutionary Road . " The myth goes something like this : The suburbs are comfortable , maybe even beautiful , but their serenity is rooted in a friendly American conformity , so that the people who live there have to repress their true selves , which will emerge when they drink too much and have affairs , or rage at each other for their dishonesty , which was all caused in the first place by ... the suburbs . The best thing about "  Revolutionary Road , " a cool-blooded and disquieting adaptation of Richard Yates ' 1961 novel about a powerfully unhappy Connecticut couple , is that it does n't end with that rote vision of bourgeois anomie . It only begins there . Frank and April Wheeler  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet  are about 30 , with two kids , and both believe they can evade the traps of the existence they 've chosen . The year is 1955 , and Frank has a New York job that bores him , marketing business machines . He takes solace in feeling superior to his work , and also in his midday martinis and occasional dip into the secretarial pool . April , meanwhile , wanted to be an actress , and still feels she 's meant for higher things . Watch DiCaprio and Winslet talk about their reunion " Moved to reach for something more , April comes up with a plan : She and Frank will sell their home and move to Paris , where she 'll work as a government secretary and he will ... find himself .  It 's like a '60s fantasy a decade ahead of time .  "  Revolutionary Road " was directed by Sam Mendes , who made the glibly scathing "  American Beauty , " only here he wants us to share not just Frank and April 's misery but the frail reveries that hold them together . The escape-to-Paris idea is naive , impractical -- a pipe dream . Yet it 's fueled by something Mendes captures about the '50s , an era when people often had deep imaginative sparks that exceeded their ability to voice them . Winslet has the tricky job of making us see the glimmer of wisdom in April 's cockeyed plan , and she pulls it off , even as DiCaprio 's Frank -- chipper , forthright , wholesome even in betrayal -- tugs the couple back to reality . "  Revolutionary Road " has deception , adultery , operatic shouting , the then-forbidden specter of abortion , and a few scenes that spotlight the remarkable performance of Michael Shannon as John Givings , a mathematician who 's been hospitalized for insanity , and who proves how unfit for society he is by making every acid comment cut to the truths that no one else will speak . The film is lavishly dark -- some might say too dark -- yet I 'd suggest it has a different limitation : For all its shattering domestic discord , there 's something remote and aestheticized about it . April brings a private well of conflict to her middle-class prison , but Winslet is so meticulous in her telegraphed despair that she intrigues us , moves us , yet never quite touches our unguarded nerves . EW Grade : B + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Revolutionary Road " story of two suburbanites wanting to break free Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet give good performances Movie suffers from some glibness , but many parts cut through
The worlds of politics and arts mingled Sunday at the annual Kennedy Center Honors , with President Barack Obama among those toasting five stars of stage , screen and music . "  Each of them has been blessed with an extraordinary gift , " the president said of the night 's honorees . "  Tonight , we thank them for sharing that gift with us . " The festivities in Washington began with a White House reception , where Obama made his remarks flanked by the honorees . People moved from there across town to The Kennedy Center overlooking the Potomac River for a gala performance . The performing arts space , named in honor of the late President John F. Kennedy , is marking its 40th anniversary this year , and this is the 34th time that it has honored individuals in a "  celebration of the arts . " Past honorees run an entertainment gamut -- from the likes of Clint Eastwood and Sean Connery in the movie world , to Aretha Franklin and Bob Dylan in music , to Ginger Rogers and Mikhail Baryshnikov in dance , among dozens of others . This year 's slate of honorees are similarly eclectic , though with a distinctly musical bent . Singer-songwriter Neil Diamond has sold more than 125 million records and scored 39 top-10 singles -- including "  Cracklin ' Rosie , " "  Sweet Caroline " and "  America " -- according to a biography posted on the Kennedy Center 's website . Legendary saxophonist and composer Sonny Rollins has long stood out on the jazz scene even while playing alongside luminaries such as Miles Davis and Dizzy Gillespie . Atlanta-bred musical theater star Barbara Cook made her mark on Broadway . She 's also toured the world and produced several studio albums . Yo-Yo Ma -- described in his biography as the nation 's "  cellist-in-chief " -- has won 16 Grammy awards over his illustrious career and last year was given a Presidential Medal of Freedom . Sunday night 's only non-musical winner is actress Meryl Streep . She burst on the movie scene in 1978 in "  The Deer Hunter " and "  Kramer vs. Kramer , " later winning plaudits for her roles in films such as "  Sophie 's Choice , " "  Out of Africa " and more recently "  Julie & Julia . " "  We 're just over the moon about this , " Cook said of her conversations with the four others about being celebrated Sunday . "  It 's once in a lifetime -- there 's nothing else like this . " Others attending Sunday 's events included actors Stanley Tucci , Robert DeNiro , Sarah Jessica Parker and Emily Blunt , and musician Smokey Robinson . They were joined by political players including Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , GOP presidential contender Newt Gingrich , and U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . Several of them -- including DeNiro , Tucci and Robinson -- took the Kennedy Center on Sunday night to celebrate the honorees . Others who spoke included Bill Cosby on behalf of Rollins , Jennifer Nettles and Lionel Ritchie for Diamond , and Stephen Colbert toasting Yo-Yo Ma . A two-hour recap of the gala will air the night of December 27 on CBS . Obama ended his lighthearted remarks Sunday evening with a call for people to support the arts , ideally helping a future Kennedy Center honoree and many others have the tools and opportunities they need to excel . "  Let 's make sure that our young people can dream big dreams and follow them as long as they can go , " the president said . That sentiment was seconded on the red carpet by , among others , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . "  The arts are a very good investment because they 're about the spirit of America  and  they encourage children to learn , to gain confidence through exercising their creativity , " the California Democrat said . "  Imagination is what keeps us number one . "	"  We 're just over the moon about this , " one honoree says Obama joins those in Washington toasting this year 's Kennedy Center honorees They are Barbara Cook , Neil Diamond , Sonny Rollins , Meryl Streep and Yo-Yo Ma The president says each has "  an extraordinary gift " they 've shared with the world
CNN  Police say she 's at it again . "  Serial Stowaway " Marilyn Jean Hartman has been caught doing what she appears to be good at , traveling for free . She is known for repeatedly trying to board flights in California and Arizona without a ticket -- and sometimes getting away with it . This time she 's flipped coasts and is under arrest in Florida . Hartman has been charged with fraud/impersonation , defrauding an innkeeper and trespassing and now has a complimentary room at the Nassau County Jail . Hartman 's latest travelog begins in Minnesota , according to Bill Leeper at the Nassau County Sheriff 's Office . She told deputies she traveled to Jacksonville on Sunday without a ticket . Authorities are investigating whether she stowed away or not . She did not give an airline name . Once in Jacksonville , she hopped a hotel transport to the Omni Amelia Island Plantation Resort , about a 30-mile drive from the airport , where she checked into another person 's room under her real name and paid with her own credit card . Hartman bolted when the person who had booked the room showed up . She was found Monday , staying in another room at the resort that was being renovated . Hartman has been arrested numerous times for trying to sneak aboard airlines and staying in places without authorization . In August , she had two run-ins with authorities at Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix . On August 14 , Hartman was given a warning for trying to enter a security checkpoint without a ticket . Twelve days later , she was arrested in an airport terminal for criminal trespass . A day after that , Hartman was again seen loitering around a security checkpoint , Phoenix police said . Earlier that month , she pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor count of stowing away a flight from San Jose , California , to Los Angeles International Airport , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . She was sentenced to two years probation and three days in jail . She was given credit for time served and released . Outside the courthouse , Hartman refused to detail to reporters how she got through security . "  I do n't think it 's wise to say how I got through . I do n't want to help the enemy , " she said . " ... I want to go with a paid ticket . ... I want to do everything legal , " Hartman said . "  It was clearly wrong on my part . ... It was stupid and it is something I do n't want to repeat . " A day later , Hartman was back at LAX and re-arrested . Hartman has long been described by authorities as a serial stowaway for repeatedly trying to board flights at San Francisco International Airport to Hawaii without a ticket . Earlier in 2014 , she was sentenced to probation and ordered to stay away from the San Francisco airport . Hartman 's first court appearance on the latest charges is scheduled for Tuesday . No matter what happens in court , at least one important question remains : How did she get to Minnesota ? 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Marilyn Jean Hartman has been charged with fraud/impersonation , defrauding an innkeeper and trespassing The 63-year-old has been arrested many times before for trying to stowaway -- and sometimes succeeding
The NSA has released an e-mail exchange between Edward Snowden and the agency 's general counsel 's office , countering a claim the former contractor made in an interview this week . Speaking to NBC News in an interview that aired Wednesday , Snowden claimed that he 'd reached out to the office while working as an National Security Agency contractor to report what he saw as an abuse of power by the agency . "  I reported that there were real problems with the way the NSA was interpreting its legal authorities , " he told NBC 's Brian Williams . In the e-mail exchange released by the NSA Thursday , Snowden requests clarification about training material he 'd received , asking whether executive orders can override federal laws . The general counsel 's office responded to Snowden 's e-mail , saying that executive orders have the "  force and effect of law " but can not override a statute . "  Please give me a call if you would like to discuss further , " the e-mail concludes . In his interview with NBC , Snowden said that after raising concerns , he essentially was told to "  stop asking questions . " He described his contact with the general counsel 's office as an indication of what he said were his efforts to go through official channels to raise his concerns about the NSA before leaking classified documents . In a statement Thursday , the NSA said the e-mail exchange it released was the only communication found and there was no evidence Snowden followed up . "  We have searched for additional indications of outreach from him in those areas and to date have not discovered any engagements related to his claims , " the statement said . Snowden said Thursday that the e-mail exchange released by the NSA was "  a strangely tailored and incomplete leak , " telling The Washington Post that it "  only shows the NSA feels it has something to hide . " "  If the White House is interested in the whole truth , rather than the NSA 's clearly tailored and incomplete leak today for a political advantage , it will require the NSA to ask my former colleagues , management , and the senior leadership team about whether I , at any time , raised concerns about the NSA 's improper and at times unconstitutional surveillance activities , " Snowden told the newspaper . "  It will not take long to receive an answer . "	Edward Snowden calls an e-mail exchange released by the NSA "  incomplete " The NSA says Snowden inquired about training material Snowden tells NBC he "  reported that there were real problems " with the NSA In an e-mail released by the agency , an official invites Snowden to call and discuss further
CNN  -- Two mothers expressed outrage Friday night that their young children -- about 1,000 miles away and days apart -- were inadvertently given alcohol by servers at franchises of national chain restaurants . Jill Vanheest , whose 2-year-old son was given sangria on March 31 at an Olive Garden in Lakeland , Florida , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that she 's having difficulty accepting what happened . "  They poisoned my child right in front of me , " Vanheest said Friday . "  There are n't really words for how distrustful that makes me feel , how angry I am . " Just over a week later , on April 8 , Taylor Dill-Reese said that her 15-month-old son was given alcohol during a meal -- rather than the apple juice he 'd ordered -- at an Applebee 's in Madison Heights , Michigan . She said that the staff there explained that the boy got the wrong drink due to a mix-up at the bar , after containers for apple juice and margarita mix  which has tequila and triple sec  were somehow switched . This week , Applebee 's issued a statement apologizing to the parents of Dominic Wilson Jr. "  for the stress and worry this caused them . " It vowed to immediately retrain servers on the company 's "  beverage pouring policy " and change to pouring apple juice only from single-serve containers , like a juice box . "  We recognize our responsibility to constantly assess our safety policies and procedures to ensure they are rigorous and consistently followed , " the Kansas-based chain said . "  We believe today 's strong actions make a statement to our guests of all ages around our commitment to provide a safe and enjoyable dining experience . " But Dill-Reese told Velez-Mitchell on Friday that she 's not convinced . The mother , who is 18 and was at the restaurant with her son and fiance , said she was particularly angry given that a similar incident happened before at Applebee 's -- namely , a 2006 case in which a 5-year-old boy was given a Long Island iced tea , which contains rum , gin , vodka and tequila , at a New York City establishment of the national chain . "  it 's just sad , the simple fact that this is n't the first time this happened  or  that they were going to change the way they were going to serve drinks , " the mother said . "  Why wait two , three kids later to change the way you serve drinks ? What if my son was the one that died ? " Steven Krawitz , a personal injury attorney who represented the family involved in the 2006 case , told HLN that -- whatever Applebee 's and other restaurant 's promises to change their policies for serving drinks to children -- a parent should never rely on a server fully when their son or daughter gets a beverage . "  The parent , unfortunately , can not now trust what used to be a no-brainer , " Krawitz said . "  Restaurants are serving drinks for kids , millions of drinks , but now , given this sort of rash of ... unavoidable or unacceptable mistakes , the parents now have to test the drink . " Police were called to the Applebee 's in Michigan after Dill-Reese and her fiance noticed Dominic acting strangely -- "  saying ` hi ' and ` bye ' to the walls  and  laid his head down like he was sleepy , then woke up and got really hyper , " recalled the mother . Once a server told the parents that the boy was given margarita mix , he was rushed to the hospital , where Dill-Reese said he had a blood-alcohol limit of .10 . Applebee 's , though , said that Madison Heights police conducted a field test and found the drink itself only registered a .014 alcohol level . While Dill-Reese has already filed a lawsuit against Applebee 's , Vanheest said she has not decided whether to do the same against Olive Garden . Vanheest claims that her son , Nikolai , ordered an orange juice and started drinking it . But then a waiter "  came over and said there 's been a mistake , grabbed the cup and kind of scurried away . " Meanwhile , her son "  was not acting like himself " -- climbing in and out of his high chair and people 's laps , not responding to requests to calm down , and "  just getting louder and louder . " When the restaurant 's staff admitted that the boy had gotten sangria , which contains wine , the child was brought to the hospital . After some struggle , he was given intravenous fluids and had his blood drawn before being checked and eventually released . "  He ended up with a lot of bruises , " Vanheest said . After the incident came to light , Olive Garden released a statement in which it called the incident "  unacceptable . " The chain , which is headquartered in Orlando , Florida , said "  we have implemented a change in our procedures to prevent this situation from happening again " -- though it did n't detail what those changes were . "  We take the responsibility that comes with serving alcohol seriously , " the statement said . "  As much as we strive for perfection , this was an unfortunate case of human error . " But Vanheest , the toddler 's mother , said she 's not yet ready to forgive . "  Just that their disorganization allowed this ever to happen -- it 's extremely frustrating , " she said . "  I 've lost all trust and all faith in them . " Watch ISSUES with Jane Velez-Mitchell Monday through Sunday at 7pm ET on HLN . For the latest from ISSUES click here .	A Florida mother says of Olive Garden : "  They poisoned my child right in front of me " Her toddler was taken to the hospital after being served sangria at a Florida restaurant 8 days later , a Michigan boy was served alcohol at an Applebee 's franchise Both chains apologized and vowed to change their drink-serving policies
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Honey has been used to treat wounds since ancient times , but recent years have seen a surge of medical interest in the sticky stuff . Research has shown that honey has antibacterial properties . Manuka honey has been the subject of particular interest , with the results of a study just published by Sydney University finding that it has powerful antibacterial properties , and is even effective against antibiotic-resistant bacteria . Associate Professor Dee Carter , from Sydney University 's School of Molecular and Microbial Biosciences said : "  Our research is the first to clearly show that these honey-based products could in many cases replace antibiotic creams on wounds and equipment such as catheters . Using honey as an intermediate treatment could also prolong the life of antibiotics . " "  Most bacteria that cause infections in hospitals are resistant to at least one antibiotic , and there is an urgent need for new ways to treat and control surface infections . " She added : "  We do n't quite know how these honeys prevent and kill infections , but a compound in them called methylglyoxal seems to interact with a number of other unknown compounds in honey to prevent infectious bacteria developing new strains that are resistant to it . " Honey is a complex substance , containing up to 800 compounds and its complexity means it has been difficult to pinpoint exactly how it kills bacteria . Manuka is a type of honey that is made by bees pollinating the flowers of the Manuka bush , a member of the Leptospermum family that grows naturally in New Zealand . Now , an Australian company is claiming to have produced the world 's most potent medical-grade antibacterial honey , made by bees pollinating the Australian jellybush , also a member of the Leptospermum family . Australia 's Medi Bioactive Honey Company claims its Berringa antibacterial honey has twice the antibacterial content of normal manuka honey , and has launched the product in the UK . Dr Rose Cooper of the University of Wales Cardiff School of Health Sciences has researched honey 's antibacterial action and has written a book called "  Honey in Modern Wounds Management . " Cooper told CNN that there are many components in honey that contribute to its antibacterial nature . She says its high sugar content , low water content and low pH are all factors . Additionally , some honey produces hydrogen peroxide , which can kill bacteria . Since 2004 , Britain 's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams .	Research has shown that honey can have powerful antibacterial properties Manuka honey is made only by bees that pollinate the manuka plant An Australian company claims it has produced the world 's most potent honey
CNN  -- Flash flooding ravaged areas around Afghanistan 's capital , killing more than 70 people and destroying dozens of houses , a local leader said Saturday . Additionally , President Hamid Karzai 's office said in a news release that seven others were killed in eastern Nuristan and Khost provinces due to floods . The worst-hit area appears to have been the Sorubi district , located in Kabul province . Fast-moving waters washed away small villages in this area , according to community leader Malek Samad . The water destroyed a hospital and its ambulance , many shops and vehicles , not to mention wiping out hundreds of cattle . "  So far , we have been able to find the dead bodies of 13 people from the Kabul River that passes through the area , " Samad said . "  And we are sure that the rest are all dead . "	More than 70 people in a district east of Kabul die , local leader says Fast-moving waters wipe away villages and destroy homes Other villagers lost in Nuristan and Khost provinces , government says
CNN  -- The tick of a clock may be his business but Thierry Stern , boss of Patek Philippe , is happy to take his time ensuring the luxury watchmaker sticks to its traditional values . Stern told CNN the Swiss company is not subject to shareholders demanding short-term results , and could therefore make decisions to benefit the company and its existing clients without facing time pressures . Watch more : Luxury goods snub slowdown "  It really allows me to do whatever I believe is right , " Stern told CNN 's Nina dos Santos . Patek Phillippe -- founded in 1839 by two Polish immigrants and bought by the Stern family in 1832 -- produces around 50,000 watches a year . Read more : Is Europe facing slow decay ? Unlike its competitors , Stern said the independent watch maker has resisted the temptation to open up "  massively " in China because he believed it would damage the company 's integrity . Stern said : "  If I try to get the watches from Europe to China for example , I would put myself in trouble ... I would lose my client and my credibility . " Read more : UK tax no small beer for London brewer Despite building the Patek Philippe brand in the Far East , tradition and customer loyalty are of paramount importance to the success of the Geneva-based company . Stern said : "  You can sell to Chinese , I do n't mind , but please keep the right pieces for the people coming every year . " And Stern said reliability and a local clientele is part of the reason Patek Philippe has not fallen victim to the problems plaguing the single currency euro area . Read more : GE Europe chief eyes investment in Germany Stern said : "  Today you need to evolve otherwise you die and the watchmakers , they have to evolve . " A Patek Philippe time piece commands a high price and usually increases in value with age , making the luxurious watches an alternative investment to other more volatile assets such as stocks or bonds .	Patek Phillippe -- founded in 1839 and bought by the Stern family in 1832 -- produces around 50,000 watches a year . A Patek Philippe time piece commands a high price and usually increases in value with age Stern told CNN the Swiss company is not subject to the pressure of shareholders demanding short-term results
CNN  -- The leaders of three world religions will be visiting the United States this week , and although the media spotlight is focused on Pope Benedict XVI and the Dalai Lama , thousands of Ismaili Muslims are celebrating a rare U.S. tour by the Aga Khan . The Aga Khan says a "  clash of ignorance " has led to friction between Islam and the West . The Aga Khan does n't exactly fit the image that may be expected for the spiritual leader of 20 million Ismaili Muslims across the world ; he usually wears a suit and tie . But his followers see him as the final authority on interpreting the Quran . One one Muslim scholar said that in that regard , "  he is more powerful than the pope . " The Aga Khan , 71 , arrived Friday in Austin , Texas , where he met with Gov. Rick Perry and signed a memorandum with the University of Texas on behalf of his Aga Khan University . The two schools agreed to share research and cooperate in what was described as "  a move towards narrowing the gap between the West and Islam . " Aga Khan University is an international University with teaching sites in eight countries : Afghanistan , Kenya , Pakistan , Tanzania , Uganda , Syria , Egypt and the United Kingdom . The agenda for the Aga Khan 's first U.S. tour in 20 years includes stops in Chicago , Illinois ; Los Angeles , California ; and Atlanta , Georgia ; places he described as having "  particular importance to the Ismaili Community over the last half century . " Watch the Aga Khan 's arrival in the U.S. " His trip to the United States and to other Ismaili communities around the world is in celebration of his "  Golden Jubilee " -- which actually fell last year -- marking 50 years as the spiritual leader . "  It 's not very often that the Ismaili community gets this opportunity , " said Saloni Firasta Vastani , a volunteer community leader in Atlanta . The Aga Khan "  has a worldly responsibility in addition to spiritual , " Vastani explained . And that is why the centerpiece of his role is his $ 150 million nonprofit , nondenominational foundation that focuses on helping the poor . The imam 's personal life has sometimes overshadowed his message of tolerance , which a spokesman for the U.S. Ismaili community says has "  not been well covered " by the media . "  In the Western world , he is not as well-known , except for the British tabloid press , which will talk about his racehorses and the private life of his father , " Dr. Mansoor Saleh said . The Aga Khan repeatedly focuses on a "  clash of ignorance , " not a clash of cultures , that has led to the current friction between Islam and the West . "  The hope is that this visit will provide the impetus ... for the West to understand what he does and what he stands for , " Saleh said . Last year , Forbes Magazine listed the Aga Khan , who lives in the Paris suburbs , as the 10th richest royal in the world , valued at $ 1 billion . In a previous article , the magazine heralded him as "  venture capitalist to the world , " saying the Aga Khan "  was early among experts in Third World development to grasp that government handouts and multilaterally funded megaprojects often foster dependence , not self-reliance , in the people they 're meant to help . " Prince Karim al-Husseini became the current Aga Khan as a 20-year-old Harvard student , after his grandfather passed the title on to him and not his father , Prince Aly Khan , who was once married to the American actress Rita Hayworth . Despite the Aga Khan 's immense wealth , the imam shuns the title of "  philanthropist " because he feels that the Aga Khan Foundation is part of his mandate as a religious leader . His teachings also stress respecting other cultures and faiths , Vastani said . "  There 's not enough education on both sides , and we 're living in such a global place now , so learning about each other is important , " she said . "  That 's the way the Ismaili community views it . " Dr. Liyakat Takim , who teaches Islamic studies at the University of Denver , said it is not the Aga Khan 's wealthy lifestyle that draws the most criticism from fellow Muslims but his authority to interpret the Quran for Ismaili Muslims . "  Ismailis see him as the final authority in today 's world , " Takim said . "  His word is law . " That means as a spiritual leader , the Aga Khan "  is able to reinterpret " the teachings of Islam and has the authority to "  nullify or supersede religious practices . " "  That would include things like daily prayers , " Takim said . "  Ismailis see themselves firmly within the Islamic tradition but of course other Muslims have problems with that . " But for many Ismailis , the Aga Khan 's role transcends that of spiritual leader . Those who feel that way include Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva , who credits his foundation with saving her life , as well as the lives of her husband and their two children . Now an editor with CNN in Atlanta , Aslamshoyeva saw her life as a television news anchor in her native Tajikistan came crashing down after the collapse of the Soviet Union sparked a civil war in her country in 1992 . Aslamshoyeva lived in the remote , mountainous Pamir region of Tajikistan , isolated from the aid that flooded in following a lull in the fighting . "  There was aid in the capital and in the surroundings , but they could not reach us in the mountains , " she said . Pamir residents normally stockpile food for the harsh winters , but nearly everyone ran out of food in the middle of winter partly due to an influx of refugees fleeing the fighting in the capital , Dushanbe . "  At home , there was no electricity , no food . I would just sit there and look at my children , " she said . Their faces were pale and thin . Without any paychecks from Moscow , many people were forced to beg on the streets . "  By then , who cares if you have an education or if you are a doctor or journalist ? We all had nothing , and we were worried about our children . " It felt like the world had forgotten about her small region and their suffering , she said . "  Pamir was just a little tiny place , " she said . "  People know Tajikistan but not Pamir . " Despite intermittent power , television remained the only way to communicate . She says her life changed on the day she was called in to the tiny TV station to read an announcement telling residents that food from the Aga Khan Foundation had finally arrived in Pamir . "  I never heard of the Aga Khan Foundation , but I had heard of the Aga Khan , " she said . Her grandmother had spoken of "  the imam " in hushed tones during the Communist period . Since that day , Aslamshoyeva said , aid began pouring in , changing her life forever . "  He helped everyone who lived in Tajikistan : Russians , Germans , Jews , " she said . "  It did n't matter what religion you were . " E-mail to a friend	Aga Khan is spiritual leader of 20 million Ismaili Muslims around world His trip to U.S. , other Ismaili communities marks 50 years as spiritual leader Followers consider him the final authority on interpreting Quran
CNN  -- Zach Sobiech is dying with grace , love , joy and optimism -- the kind that somehow makes us all feel more alive . When he was 14 , Zach was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a type of bone cancer that mostly strikes children . His prognosis was n't great . Last May , with no more treatment options , he was given just a year to live . Zach turned 18 on Friday . On Saturday he went to prom with his girl , Amy . His high school class graduates next month . Zach began writing music after his cancer was diagnosed . His mom , Laura , was cleaning the family room downstairs last year when she found a folded-up piece of paper . She unfolded it to make sure it was n't a homework assignment . "  I read through it and then I realized what I was reading , " she says . It was his first song , "  Clouds . " Zach wrote it for himself and his family . He has since written many more . "  I fell down , down , down into this dark and lonely hole , " he sings at the beginning of the song . His voice is beautiful , mellow -- kind of reminiscent of Jack Johnson 's . When Zach 's song was posted to YouTube it quickly went viral , getting more than 2.6 million page views . Now there 's a new video you ought to see . On Monday , dozens of celebrities posted a love letter response -- joining forces to lip sync to Zach 's voice , singing "  Clouds . " "  And we 'll go up , up , up , but I 'll climb a little higher , " sing Jason Mraz , Anna Faris and Rainn Wilson . "  Go up in the clouds because the view 's a little nicer up here , my dear , " sing Bryan Cranston and Rachel Bilson , Ashley Tisdale and Colbie Caillat . "  It wo n't be long now , " sing the Lumineers . "  If only , " sings Sarah Silverman , "  I had a little bit more time . " It 's a hello to Zach , and a farewell . It 's a collective expression of love and gratitude . The motley crew of celebrities on the video was assembled by Wilson , an actor , and director/actor Justin Baldoni , who directed a short documentary about Zach for his compelling online reality series , "  My Last Days , " which runs on Wilson 's SoulPancake YouTube channel . "  Going out to see Zach in Minnesota was one of the greatest experiences of my life , " says Baldoni . "  To make the choice to be happy despite whatever sad or tragic circumstances you may be living through ... he is this old soul who inspires everyone he meets . You leave and you think : ' I want to be a better person . ' " Watch Baldoni 's film and you can see why . There 's Zach , a fresh-faced Minnesotan teenager , in one of the opening frames , saying : "  I want everyone to know : You do n't have to find out you 're dying to start living . " He tells us at the beginning of the film : "  You know most people live kind of in the middle , in between ` all your dreams come true ' and ` you 're dying , ' and it 's a very comfortable place to live . I 'm living on the two extreme ends , so you have really , really good days and you have really , really bad days . " He has lived on those extreme ends for the better part of the past four years . And how gloriously . Zach 's sleeping most of the day now . His evenings are better . The other night he was able to muster up enough energy to bring out his guitar and play . "  It 's those times when we remember how it used to be , " says his mom . She tells me about a trip the family took last year , "  a sort of pilgrimage to Europe , " with 10 intense days of sightseeing . "  We packed a lot into those 10 days , " she recalls , "  and maybe these past 3Â 1/2 years have been like that pilgrimage . I have n't had the chance to let it sink in . I do n't let myself go to that place of grief . There will be plenty of time to think about what we have lost later . " "  Right now ... right now I feel really grateful , " she continues . "  That is the core of what I feel . I still get up in the morning and look forward to the day . " And maybe , she says , that is the lesson here : that no matter where you are in life , look at what you have and be grateful . It 's the kind of thing you hear all the time . Putting it into action takes some work sometimes . But there are always things in life to be grateful for , no matter where you are . Being grateful is the doorway to all sorts of other good things , says Laura . "  That 's what Zach 's always been really good at : recognizing what is good and being grateful for it . It 's the first thing he seeks out , his starting point . He taught all of us how it 's done . " Taylor Engel , one of the YouTube commenters on Zach 's video , writes : "  Well , you got a 6 ' , 220 pound man sobbing his face off here . Prayers and thoughts with you , Zach ... I hope someday I can be half the man you 've become . " I swallow a sob . Me too , I think as I watch the video . At that moment , Zach sings : "  And maybe someday I 'll see you again . We 'll float up in the clouds and we 'll never see the end ... "	Zach Sobiech was diagnosed at 14 with osteosarcoma , a bone cancer Last May , Zach was given a year to live after doctors ran out of treatment options Zach 's song "  Clouds " went viral on YouTube ; now celebs have posted a response
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The pilot and co-pilot of a Ugandan helicopter that crashed into the side of Kenya 's highest mountain were confirmed dead Wednesday but the hunt continues for five presumed survivors , Uganda 's military said . Two Ugandan military helicopters crashed and a third crash-landed on Mount Kenya Sunday as they were on their way to join a peacekeeping mission in Somalia . The crew of the helicopter that crash-landed was found and rescued Monday after the pilot issued a distress call . The sites where the other two crashed were found Tuesday . Those killed were named Wednesday as Capt. William Letti and Lt. Patrick Nahamya , who were pilot and co-pilot of the downed helicopter . "  We extend our deepest condolences to the bereaved families of the departed comrades . Our hearts are with those family members whose dear ones we are still searching for , " a statement from the Ugandan Ministry of Defense said . Lt. Gen. Edward Katumba Wamala , Uganda 's commander of army land forces , said Tuesday that 21 people had been accounted for after the crashes . Kenyan military officer Brig. Francis Ogola said the team at one of the sites found "  no dead bodies , " but rather "  items ... arranged in a matter that suggest that they have evacuated from that location and they are somewhere in the mountain . " This is cause for "  good hope " that the soldiers and airmen will be found , Ogola said . Conditions on the mountainside may be tough , however . The survivors will have to contend with rugged terrain and altitude . Mount Kenya is the second-highest peak on the African continent , after Kilimanjaro , at just over 17,000 feet , according to UNESCO . According to the Mount Kenya park service and UNESCO , elephants , rhinos , giant forest hogs and leopards are among the creatures that live in the area . The mountain sides are riven by steep valleys and the vegetation is alpine higher up , changing to bamboo further down the slopes , UNESCO says . The helicopters were part of the first deployment of air support for the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  in Mogadishu , where Ugandan , Burundian and other African Union forces are fighting Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group . AMISOM said Wednesday that its operations in Somalia would continue despite the loss of the helicopters . "  At this time our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the bereaved , as well as with the people and government and security forces of Uganda , " said Boubacar Diarra , the African Union 's special representative to Somalia . "  We are gravely concerned for the safety of those still unaccounted for and continue to pray that they will be recovered unharmed , " he said . Odongo said Tuesday the Ugandan government and army would reassess their capacity to continue with the deployment of military air power to AMISOM following the crashes . It had taken Uganda more than three months to prepare for the deployment , he added , with all crew undergoing U.N. training .	The pilot and co-pilot of one of the crashed helicopters are confirmed dead The hunt is on for five crew members who are believed to have survived Three helicopters came down on the side of Mount Kenya Sunday The survivors may encounter tough conditions in the remote and rugged area
