CNN  -- A Mexican man who was allegedly killed on orders from his own cartel believed they were hunting for him after he began working as an informant and was fearful for his life , according to court documents . Police say soldier Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , acted as the gunman . Jose Daniel Gonzalez Galeana began to worry after he began working as an informant for immigration officials in the United States . "  The victim was concerned for his own well-being and the safety of his family , " the documents said , referencing statements the victim made to a witness . When Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials gave Gonzalez a visa so he could live in El Paso , Texas , his fellow Juarez cartel members began to get suspicious , El Paso Police Chief Greg Allen said at a press conference . Allen said Gonzalez 's exit from Mexico , combined with a raid on a cartel warehouse and the arrest of cartel lieutenant Pedro "  El Tigre " Aranas Sanchez led cartel members to believe he might be working as an informant , Allen said . Then , a Mexican newspaper named Gonzalez as an informant in the arrest of the high-ranking cartel member , according to court documents . Police say Gonzales quickly became the target of his own cartel . Police said Gonzalez knew if his fellow cartel members found him , he would likely be killed , police said . On May 15 , the cartel found him . He was shot eight times outside his home in El Paso , Texas , police said . Pfc. Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , Ruben Rodriguez Dorado , 30 , and Christopher Andrew Duran , 17 , were each named as suspects Monday and each are facing one count of capital murder . The three men are being held on $ 1 million bond . Police said Apodaca was the shooter , Duran was the getaway car driver , and Rodriguez was the one who coordinated the murder . On Wednesday , police also arrested a 16-year-old who they said was involved in the surveillance and reconnaissance of the victim . The juvenile also faces one count of capital murder . Rodriguez and the victim were in the Juarez cartel , based across the border from El Paso , police spokesman Chris Mears said . He said police believe Apodaca and Duran were not cartel members . Apodaca joined the Army a year ago and worked as a crew member on a Patriot missile launcher , officials at Fort Bliss in El Paso said . "  He was in the top of his class , " said Dave Jackson , his grandfather . "  You talk to all his sergeants . He 's a good soldier . Now , before he went in -LSB- and joined the Army -RSB- , he was in , he was in with a bad crowd . " Investigators said at the press conference they think the three suspects met through a relative of Rodriguez . "  He -LSB- Rodriguez -RSB- was the older guy , he provided the alcohol , the party locations , " police Lt. Alfred Lowe said . "  And he recruited these people to do his bidding . " Once the three men were allegedly hired , they were "  told to find the victim in the United States , " Allen said . Rodriguez paid the victim 's cell phone bill hoping he would be able to learn where he lived , federal officials learned , according to court documents . Federal law enforcement was apparently concerned enough about the incident that officers told local law enforcement to signal Gonzalez 's home could be at risk . Hours before the slaying , police said Rodriguez called a tactical supply store that exclusively sells the same brand of ammunition found at the scene . The suspects found Gonzalez at a relative 's home in Canutillo , Texas , and followed him back to his home before shooting him , police said . The three arrested men 's phone records showed their approximate locations on the night of the killing and corroborated that the suspects were tracking the victim , according to court documents . During an interrogation , Rodriguez told investigators he ordered Gonzalez 's execution , police said . But Allen also said during the press conference that Rodriguez planned the killing and hired the other suspects after he was given the order by cartel lieutenant Jesus Aguayo Salas . Police said there was also a warrant out for his arrest . Rodriguez told police he paid the participants for their role in the killing , the affidavit said . It said he also noted that he was a midlevel member of the cartel , which he called the "  Compania , " and said he was in charge of coordinating surveillance for the cartel , "  following intended victims up until their execution . " Duran and Rodriguez told police that Apodaca was paid to be the shooter and Duran to drive the getaway car , according to the affidavit . Allen said both men were each paid "  quite a robust amount of money ... under $ 10,000 , in that area . " Police said more arrests could still come in the case . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Tracy Sabo , Mallory Simon and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Police say victim believed if cartel found him , he would be killed Documents : Suspect tried to find victim by paying his phone bill Soldier Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday Other suspects include Ruben Rodriguez Dorado and Christopher Andrew Duran
London  CNN  -- For the last three years Greek society has suffered a prolonged period of economic and political crisis , which has been magnified by unprecedented austerity measures . The crisis has caused social destabilization , and dramatically affected the everyday lives of Greeks . Read more : Will Greek crisis leave banks stronger ? Such measures have never before been implemented in any European Union country , and their political and social consequences have not been effectively calculated or , in many respects , even anticipated . Modern Greece suffered ongoing turbulence during the 20th century , from the Balkan wars and conflict with Turkey to the Nazi occupation , civil war and the military juntas . Read more : Austerity anger drives Europe strikes These all caused significant delays in social , political and economic development , and did not allow Greek society to form and organize freely . After the fall of the last military junta in 1974 , democracy in Greece was rapidly restored but it was not done so systematically nor thoroughly . Inevitably , structural dysfunctions formed . Read more : EU-IMF feud erupts over Greece Today , Greeks are experiencing a different social reality , characterized by uncertainty , insecurity , distress , disappointment and the inability to map out any form of future for their lives . Last year I conducted thirty five in-depth interviews with Greeks aged between 20 to 65 , who are still living in the country . Participants expressed negativity , pessimism and disorientation , particularly regarding the lack of any specific plan to improve their everyday lives . Read more : Greeks vote for more economic pain "  We see our dreams get destroyed , and our hopes for a better future disappear , " said one 27-year old woman , an unemployed doctor . Their comments reflect the overall reality in Greece : Unemployment rates have increased continuously , with the overall rate now at 24.4 % . For those aged under 24 , it 's hit 55 % . Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader Everyday life for many people has become more challenging , as crime increases , inflation remains high and redundancies become an everyday occurrence . Even those who have an income can not escape , as cuts continue and salaries and pensions are sliced by 40 % . The monthly basic salary has now dropped from 739 euros in 2009 to 586 euros in 2012 . In contrast , the price of essential goods has not dropped , and taxes have continued to rise . Participants in the study felt cornered and cross as they explained that they were trapped by a government system that was only concerned about maintaining power without offering anything in return . Read more : Euro crisis opens old wounds for Greece , Germany "  We lived part of our lives in a way we did n't deserve , but the system allowed us to do it , " a 37-year old electrician explained . "  They did n't stop us . They even encouraged us . So if the system works in a certain way you have no option but to follow . " Greeks are progressively losing their trust in a political system which consists mainly of the parties and politicians who have governed the country during the last 30 years . Read more : Greeks fearful of what will follow U.S. election The elections earlier this year resulted in a coalition government in which the two significantly weakened opposing parties -- who have governed Greece since 1974 -- joined forces in order to renegotiate financial aid . But the most damaging aspect remains how Greeks collectively and repeatedly fail to identify any possibility of future improvement as their faith in current government drops . Instead , they perceive the implementation of austerity measures as an ongoing punishment , even revenge , from the European Union which will have no positive result and have no end in sight . Read more : Barroso : Europe federation ` unavoidable ' "  The situation is tragic , not because of the economy but because of the fact that there is no future , " a 55-year old journalist said . "  We have been convinced about that . There is no prospect . This is killing us . " Other people explained that the lack of an inspirational politician or party , coupled with the realization that the worst is yet to come , has made them alarmed how they can face each day . For many the main priority is how to make a living , not lose their jobs or how to get a job . They are grateful if they are still employed , although some note that employment conditions are becoming more exploitative . As a 46-year old teacher put it : "  Professionally , I do n't know if I will have a job tomorrow and , personally , I have no desire to do anything joyful anymore . There is so much insecurity about everything . " Read more : Give Greece more time , says French PM As Greek society experiences unparalleled social , political and economic crises , it is still uncertain what peoples ' tolerance levels will be once further austerity measures -- and their consequences -- are implemented . Participants expressed agony about the future of their country , although they have also realized their own part of responsibility in this crisis  even if it was passive  . Many are mindful of passing on their harmful mindset to their children . Until there are improvements to everyday lives , the structure of the state or political life , then Greeks will continue to feel angry , cross and cornered . This has led to the popularity of extremist groups such as the right-wing Golden Dawn . This crisis has triggered an unpredictable domino of incalculable social consequences -- and when and how it will end is still unknown . It remains to be seen if other European societies will follow the Greek path or if social stability can be restored . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Athanasia Chalari .	For the last three years Greek society has suffered a prolonged period of economic and political crisis The crisis has caused social destabilization , sociologist Athanasia Chalari says She argues ongoing turbulence during the 20th century caused delays in social , political and economic development
CNN  -- About halfway through The New York Times review of TV chef Guy Fieri 's Manhattan restaurant , I realized that the author was wielding a meat cleaver . Maybe it was Pete Wells ' description of the chicken tenders as containing a "  shiny tissue of breading that exudes grease onto the plate . " Or the "  ghostly nubs of unblackened , unspiced white meat " in the Cajun Chicken Alfredo . Or the comparison of Fieri to the writer Calvin Trillin -- if Trillin "  bleached his hair , drove a Camaro and drank Boozy Creamsicles . " It was at once delicious and stomach-churning -- a perfect reflection of our rip-their-lungs-out culture . Let 's face it : Media meanness sells . Why slice someone with a surgical precision when you can whack him upside the head with a 2-by-4 ? Watch : Why Matt Lauer Is getting a bum rap from mean folks on Twitter We 've all enjoyed the guilty pleasure of seeing some author , actor or filmmaker eviscerated for the sheer sport of it . Good reviews are fine , but what really stirs the water-cooler talk is when the critic draws blood . But has this trend gone too far in an age when anyone can instantaneously diss anyone else with a single mouse click ? Does it amount to pandering to our collective mean gene ? Some public figures revel in the insult wars . Donald Trump has called Rosie O'Donnell "  a big fat pig , " among other choice phrases , and she 's said he keeps returning "  like a raging herpes rash . " It 's a cheap way of getting attention . And the thing is , it works . Watch : Is it time for Chelsea Clinton , gay marriage activist , to leave NBC ? The most popular pundits on television tend to be pugilists who draw cheers from their partisans for punching out the other guy 's lights . When Bill O'Reilly denounces pinheads and loons , his fans eat it up . Rush Limbaugh caused a furor by calling Sandra Fluke a slut ; he later apologized . Ed Schultz called Laura Ingraham a right-wing slut and did the same . Glenn Beck dubbed Barack Obama a racist and his ratings kept climbing . Nice guys do n't necessarily finish first . The virus long ago spread to the political realm . Watch : Why Rupert Murdoch and other cranky CEOs tweet garbage Republican Congressman Joe Wilson yelled "  you lie ! " during President Barack Obama 's September 2009 speech to Congress on health care and then used the incident for fundraising . Another congressman , Democrat Alan Grayson , said the Republican health plan was to hope that sick people "  die quickly " ; he lost the next election but just won his seat back . Yet another congressman , Allen West , called his Florida colleague Debbie Wasserman Schultz "  vile " and "  not a lady " ; he lost his seat during a recount . Watch : Sex and Sesame Street -- are the media exploiting the Elmo tragedy ? The media , without question , reward incendiary soundbites and intemperate language . That 's what keeps the bookers calling , and the resulting visibility can prompt donors to keep writing checks . Maybe Twitter has played a role in fostering succinct snarkiness . Everyone tries to break through the static and get retweeted . The new nastiness is evident in scandal coverage as well . While former CIA director David Petraeus has largely been portrayed as a flawed hero who made a tragic mistake , many in the media have cast Paula Broadwell as a harlot , using lust to achieve her ambition by bringing down a great man . Broadwell , a former senior Army captain , did some dumb things , such as sending harassing e-mails anonymously but does n't it take two to tango ? The same goes for Jill Kelley , the Tampa socialite who engaged in voluminous e-mail correspondence with Gen. John Allen . Kelley , who volunteered for military causes , is being dismissed in media accounts as a ditzy social climber and worse . Watch : Lasting leak -- Why Romney 's ` gifts ' comments diminish him Meanness would n't sell unless there was a market for it . Maybe watching others get sliced and diced makes us feel better about ourselves . Maybe it 's just today 's version of bread and circuses . And it 's a game anyone can play . Ever peruse the comments section on major websites ? Readers often start ripping each other as morons and dupes within minutes after a story is posted . It would be nice if folks with access to the biggest megaphones did n't cater to the lowest common denominator . But that 's not the world in which we live . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : NY Times ' slash-and-burn review of restaurant fed appetite for meanness He says media , politicians take advantage of public 's interest in nasty attacks Kurtz : Public figures from Donald Trump to members of Congress revel in nastiness He says media players such as Bill O'Reilly , Rush Limbaugh , Ed Schultz take part
CNN  -- A New York man who police believe killed his wife and daughters in a Maryland hotel room may have been involved in "  questionable financial dealings , " authorities said Wednesday . Stephanie Parente , 19 , was found dead along with her sister and parents in a Baltimore hotel Monday . The bodies of William Parente , 59 ; his wife , Betty , 58 ; and their daughters Stephanie , 19 , and Catherine , 11 , were found Monday in a room at the Sheraton Hotel in Towson , Maryland , a Baltimore suburb . Evidence indicates Betty Parente and the two daughters died from blunt-force trauma and asphyxiation , said Baltimore County Police Chief Jim Johnson . William Parente committed suicide by cutting himself , he said . "  Baltimore County Police has learned of allegations that William Parente may be involved in questionable financial dealings , " Johnson said . Authorities previously have said Parente was an attorney . The family was from Garden City , New York , but Stephanie Parente was a student at Loyola College in Baltimore , and police said the family visited her there occasionally . William Parente , his wife and their younger daughter had checked into the Sheraton on April 15 . They were due to check out Monday , Johnson said , but failed to do so . One of Stephanie Parente 's roommates called the hotel room around midnight , Hill said . CNN affiliate WMAR reported that the roommate was calling to see if Stephanie Parente was coming back to campus . William Parente answered the phone and told the roommate his daughter would be staying with her family for the night . Authorities believe the three females were dead at the time of the phone call , Hill said . The bodies were found Monday after a housekeeper told hotel management about 3 p.m. that the door to the room was locked and there had been no response from inside , county police spokesman Bill Toohey said Monday . The bodies of Betty Parente and the two daughters were found on a king-size bed in the hotel room , while William Parente 's body was found in the bathroom , police said . Evidence indicates Betty Parente and Catherine Parente were killed sometime on Sunday , with Stephanie Parente 's death occurring later the same day . Police spokesman Cpl. Michael Hill said the older daughter might have been killed after she returned to the room and found her mother and sister dead . Police had no information regarding how the deaths took place or what other family members were doing at the time . There was no evidence they were restrained , Johnson said . In addition , an autopsy showed no evidence they were drugged , Hill said , although conclusive toxicology test results are weeks away . Authorities are still investigating the timeline and details , Johnson said . Police have not specified the murder weapon , although several objects in the room are being investigated , he said . No note or communication was found with the bodies . Hill said police believe the family was together Sunday morning for breakfast , and they know what time the card key was last used to unlock the room . Loyola College spokeswoman Courtney Jolley said Stephanie Parente was a sophomore majoring in speech-language pathology with a natural-sciences minor . She was a former member of the women 's crew team and coxswain for the men 's crew , Jolley said . She also volunteered through the college 's Center for Community Service and Justice . She had planned to study in Newcastle , England , next year , Jolley said . Johnson urged people having emotional and mental health difficulties to reach out for help . "  There 's a safety net in place , " he said .	Police say William Parente killed wife , two daughters in hotel room Family from New York was visiting daughter at Maryland college Police are looking into Parente 's possibly ` questionable ' financial dealings Police say Parente , an attorney , fatally cut himself
CNN  -- When Justice Sonia Sotomayor delivered her oath last summer , many women -- and especially Latinas -- felt renewed hope as a champion of women 's rights took her place on the U.S. Supreme Court . With Democrats in the White House and both houses of Congress , we believed that we could stop playing defense and actually advance women 's rights , including access to abortion . However , the health care debate quickly convinced us that we had to mobilize . First , Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , crafted the Stupak-Pitts amendment , designed to restrict women 's access to abortion coverage in the proposed public health insurance marketplace . Millions of women who have access to abortion coverage through their insurance plans would lose this coverage if the insurance plans were offered in the exchange . We were told that women could use their own money to buy an abortion rider in advance : Women would have to plan for an unplanned pregnancy . An abortion can range in cost from several hundred dollars to thousands of dollars for a "  threatened " pregnancy . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi allowed the amendment to move forward in the House health care bill out of fear that opponents would use abortion politics to tank health care reform . Within weeks , Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , offered a near-exact model of the Stupak bill in the Senate . After the push for the Stupak amendment , characterized by backroom dealings among elected officials and reported pressure from the U.S Conference of Catholic Bishops , it appeared that senators might go along . Hundreds of Latinas and women of all backgrounds descended on Capitol Hill to let legislators know that they can not play politics with our reproductive health care and to advocate for abortion care coverage as a part of health care reform . For now , senators are standing up to those who would sink reform with abortion politics , voting to table the Nelson amendment , effectively killing it . But we know that these victories are often tenuous and that the growing Latina voice in favor of reproductive health care must stay strong . Over the past few weeks , I 've heard from many Latinas and their families , outraged that these amendments would make a legal medical procedure financially inaccessible for many women . They called their senators and wrote letters on behalf of daughters , sisters , aunts and mothers in their communities , urging policymakers to vote for reform that includes coverage for abortion -- and also provides health care access for immigrants . They organized because they know what is at stake . The amendments claim to "  simply codify " the Hyde amendment , an existing federal policy that prohibits federal government money from being used to fund abortions through Medicaid . But in reality , both amendments would create a two-tier health care system . After 30-plus years of the Hyde amendment , a Guttmacher Institute report released this year indicates that among Medicaid-eligible women -- that is , low income -- who would have an abortion if it were paid for by the government , one in four instead continue the pregnancy to term in the absence of funding . This is because politicians prevent federal tax dollars from covering the procedure . Moreover , the proposed House and Senate bills both maintain the five-year ban on legal permanent residents accessing publicly funded benefits , including Medicaid , leaving millions of legal residents without coverage for basic medical needs . According to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation , 38 percent of Latinas are uninsured , compared with 14.7 percent non-Hispanic white women , and more than half of all immigrants are women . The U.S. Census Bureau predicts that by 2050 , one in four Americans will be Latina . As Latinas , we will be disproportionately affected if we do not have a health care package that includes access to the full range of reproductive health services . Opponents argue that more women will be covered under overall health care reform , as if that should satisfy us . The fact remains : If millions of low - and moderate-income women covered under a new federally subsidized health system ca n't access abortion care from an insurance plan bought even partly with federal support , policymakers are essentially telling them that they do not matter -- that the reality of their lives must be ignored . The legacy of health care reform should not be to send women back into the shadows . We have worked too hard to reform our health care system for women to be worse off than they were before . There is no denying that people around the country , including many Latinas , have complex feelings about abortion . Many have conflicting feelings because of their religious faith -- Latinas are overwhelmingly Roman Catholic . But my work with Latinas during these debates reminds me that for many women confronted by the decision to terminate a pregnancy , abortion is not a political issue ; it 's a personal health care issue between a woman , her family and her doctor . We have an opportunity to make history in these next few weeks and months . Health care is not a luxury ; it is fundamental to a healthier and stronger nation . I urge policymakers to respect women who are trying to plan their pregnancies , take control of their futures and improve the lives of their families . We demand reproductive justice for women . Anything less would be un-American . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Silvia Henriquez .	Silvia Henriquez : Many Latinas outraged over moves they say will restrict abortion coverage Henriquez : Latina support for reproductive rights must stay strong in health care debate She says millions of women who have abortion coverage in insurance plans could lose it Henriquez says abortion is personal issue between a woman , her family and doctor
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Dulce Matuz is beaming , smiling from ear to ear , standing in the gym of a high school outside Phoenix , Arizona . Around her , 15 kids who should be on spring break are cheering . Nearby is a robot , about 4 feet high , crafted from metal and stuffed with wires and circuits . It had just been announced the winner -- the top robot -- of the FIRST Robotics Arizona regional competition . The robotics competition challenges tens of thousands of high school students to fund , design and built robot with limited materials and time -- just six weeks . Each year , students on the robotics team at Carl Hayden Community High School name their creation after someone who inspires them . This robot 's name is Dulce 's Dream , for Matuz , the 26-year-old undocumented activist , a former member of the team who still volunteers with them . Matuz was born in 1984 , in Hermosillo , Mexico , about a seven-hour drive from Phoenix . When she was 15 , she came to the United States to live with her mother , who had moved here previously . She enrolled as a sophomore at Carl Hayden , and one of her first classes was marine biology , taught by Fredi Lajvardi . At the time , Lajvardi was just starting the FIRST robotics team at the school and was looking for his first members . He showed Matuz 's class a video of the competition and she was hooked . "  When he said you just needed to be willing to learn , that motivated me to go , " she said . "  I thought ' I am the perfect candidate . I did n't even really speak English that well . ' I certainly did n't know anything about robots . " She learned to build , improved her English , and soon Matuz was expanding her role . She designed the team 's website , campaigned for donations , and gave speeches . Being on Lajvardi 's robotics team was n't just about robots -- every day was a lesson in opportunities beyond Carl Hayden High School . Meet Maria , a student on Carl Hayden 's robotics team Lajvardi puts a special emphasis on attending college . When Matuz was working on college applications during her senior year of high school , it became clear that her undocumented status could get in her way . "  I remember applying , " she said , "  and it would n't let me do that because it was online and you had to have a social security number . " Matuz learned she does not have legal residency in the United States , and she is not a citizen . The Urban Institute estimates that 65,000 students like Matuz graduate from U.S. high schools every year . There is no federal law or state prohibiting colleges , either public or private , from admitting undocumented students . But there are numerous hurdles to earn that degree . Lajvardi and Matuz visited a recruiting counselor from Arizona State University , and in the end she was accepted . But as an undocumented student , Matuz did n't qualify for federal financial aid . Lajvardi took Matuz to meeting after meeting , until they found private scholarships that would allow her to start at the university in fall 2003 . Matuz went on to graduate with a degree in electrical engineering , but unlike a lot of her peers , it was n't a celebratory experience for her . "  I knew there was a problem , but at the same time , everyone tells you , ` If you work hard and be a good student that things will align and work out , ' " she said . "  And it was true , so far , because I was able to go to college and graduate , but at the same time , I think , reality really sunk in and I got depressed because I was seeing my peers take internships or getting full-time jobs at engineering firms ... I know I was capable of getting that job but I could n't get it because of my status . " Unable to work in engineering after graduating , Matuz continued working the real estate job she had during college . Organizing other undocumented students became her passion . During her crusade to attend college , she had met hundreds of other young people like herself -- she realized she was n't alone . She started organizing other people , and together , they began campaigning for passage of the DREAM Act , a proposal to allow a path to citizenship for undocumented students after completion of a college degree or military service . Then came the moment Matuz took a stand . She and several other students traveled from Phoenix to Washington with the goal of asking senators , in person , to put the DREAM Act back on the Senate calendar for a vote . They chose the office of Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican whom they thought could play a key role in advancing the act . In the office , they asked for a meeting , and then sat on the floor . They stayed until 7 p.m. , when the office closed . When police asked them to leave , they refused to go , and in the end Matuz and three friends spent the night in jail . She said she does n't regret that night . "  We did everything we could , " she said . "  I think I would have felt worse if I did n't get arrested because then I would have felt like , ` Oh , I should have done this and done that , ' but it was also a relief because I know I did everything . " The DREAM Act failed in the last session of Congress . Recently , President Obama has made a push for "  widespread movement " of immigration reform , and encouraged Congress to pass the DREAM Act . Opinion : Obama , stop deportation of DREAM students When the students at Carl Hayden high school heard about her arrest , they were inspired to know a former student , someone much like themselves , led a national charge for a cause . At the school , which is 94 % Latino , robotics coach Lajvardi estimates that many students are undocumented , like Matuz . "  It helps maybe motivate some children that some students that we have here on campus that might be in her same situation in the future , " Lajvardi said . Current robotics team members have led marches and petitioned their legislature for reform . "  A lot of our team is aware of the situation , " said team member Maria Castro , "  and a lot of us , if it 's not directly , -LSB- are -RSB- indirectly affected by it . " After the team won the regional competition , they moved on to the nationals in St. Louis . Matuz traveled there with the team to cheer them on . She compared having a robot named after her to winning the lottery . "  It 's like a driving force and it goes in a circle , " she said . "  They motivate me and I hope I motivate them . " "  Sometimes , " she added , "  we are afraid of pursuing our dreams , but Fredi -LSB- Lajvardi -RSB- said , ` You do n't have to be afraid , it 's a matter of how you are going to control that feeling to continue . ' Am I going to let my immigration status dictate my life ? Or am I going to let being afraid dictate my life ? " Her answer ? Neither .	Dulce Matuz is an undocumented graduate of Arizona State University She became an activist and volunteer with her high school 's robotics team The students on the team named their award-winning robot for her
Washington  CNN  -- Drivers of commercial trucks and buses are prohibited from texting under federal guidelines that U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Tuesday . "  We want the drivers of big rigs and buses and those who share the roads with them to be safe , " LaHood said in a statement . "  This is an important safety step , and we will be taking more to eliminate the threat of distracted driving . " The prohibition is effective immediately . Truck and bus drivers who text while driving commercial vehicles may be subject to civil or criminal penalties of up to $ 2,750 , the Department of Transportation said in a news release . The release did not offer specifics on how the prohibition will be enforced . One of the nation 's largest groups representing professional truck drivers -- the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association -- expressed support for the goal but dismay at its implementation . "  We support where they are going , but not how they got there , " said Todd Spencer , the group 's executive vice president . "  Making their action effective immediately bypasses normal regulatory rulemaking processes . Those processes allow actions to be vetted for unintended consequences as well as potential implementation and enforcement problems . "  We very much share in their goal , but their legal justification for taking immediate action raises many concerns . " Cracking down on distracted drivers has been a focus of LaHood 's since he took office last year . In September , he convened a two-day summit on the issue in Washington . The Transportation Department recently launched the Web site distraction.gov to raise awareness of the dangers of distracted driving . And this month , LaHood and National Safety Council President Janet Froetscher announced the creation of the advocacy group FocusDriven , a nonprofit that supports the families of distracted driving victims , modeled after Mothers Against Drunk Driving . According to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration , drivers take their eyes off the road for an average of 4.6 seconds out of every six seconds while texting . This research shows drivers who text are more than 20 times more likely to get in an accident than nondistracted drivers . Nineteen states , plus the District of Columbia and Guam , have passed laws banning texting while driving . Six states , plus the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands , ban the use of handheld devices while driving . President Obama also signed an executive order requiring federal employees not to text while driving government-owned vehicles or with government-owned equipment , and were ordered to comply with the move December 30 . Nearly 6,000 people died in 2008 in crashes involving a distracted or inattentive driver , and more than 500,000 were injured , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Eighty percent of crashes are related to driver inattention , according to a Virginia Tech study , and drivers who use handheld devices are four times as likely to get into crashes serious enough to injure themselves , the National Safety Council reports . The focus on texting while driving comes after a few high-profile accidents . In September 2008 , a California commuter train engineer missed a stop signal while trading text messages with a friend , leading to a collision with a freight train that killed 25 people , according to federal investigators . A mass-transit accident in Boston , Massachusetts , injured 62 people in May . The operator of a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority trolley later was charged with gross negligence after admitting he had been texting seconds before the collision with another trolley , according to the Suffolk County district attorney and a National Transportation Safety Board official .	NEW : Truckers ' group expresses concern about rule taking effect immediately Drivers of commercial trucks , buses who text may be subject to penalties Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood : "  This is an important safety step " Research shows drivers who text are more than 20 times more likely to be in accident
Washington  CNN  -- As members of Congress point to problems with HealthCare.gov , lawmakers are scrambling and , in and some cases , sparking cries of hypocrisy over how they 'll handle one piece of Obamacare under their control : whether their own staff members should be forced into the exchanges . Members of Congress have until the end of the day on Thursday to make up their minds , and Democrats and Republicans are divided internally on the politically tricky issue . "  We just learned  Monday  that we have to make the decision this week , " one House Republican leadership aide told CNN . Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , told CNN on Tuesday , "  I 'm not sure where we 're at . " His staff was still unsure of his decision on Wednesday night . Meantime , despite Democrats ' defense of Obamacare and Republican insistence that members of Congress and their staff should directly experience the law they passed , some powerful lawmakers plan to exempt their workers from the requirement that they enter the exchanges . Example ? House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa wants to keep his entire staff -- committee and personal office -- out of the exchanges , according to a House Republican aide familiar with his thinking . The aide defended the idea as consistent , saying Issa believes that no American should have to enter Obamacare exchanges . Interpreting the law And if lawmakers do nothing by the deadline Thursday night , committee staff and leadership staff will be automatically exempted due to an interpretation by congressional administrators . Part of the issue involves semantics and how Congress wrote the law . The 2010 Affordable Care Act mandates that "  members of Congress and congressional staff " must get health care through an Obamacare exchange . But the Office of Personnel Management has ruled that it 's up to individual members to designate which of their workers are "  congressional staff . " Most assume a member 's "  personal " or district staff fit the definition . But there is a messy disagreement over what should happen with the more than 2,000 people who work for committees or leadership offices . Some argue those workers are n't as directly tied to individual members . Others insist that argument is just a giant loophole for staffers who are nervous and want to avoid the exchanges . But put aside the question of logic -- the bottom line is that each member of Congress can do what he or she wants . Exempted by default And if lawmakers do n't act , many staffers will be exempted by default . An internal administrative policy provides that committee and leadership staff will be exempted from the exchange automatically , according to a Senate aide and an internal House e-mail obtained by CNN . The House e-mail , sent by the chamber 's chief administrative officer  CAO  Monday , said that office is interpreting "  congressional staff " to mean individuals who are paid from the members ' individual office budgets , not leadership or committee funds . That gives some members their justification . "  The committees are exempted  from the exchange requirement  , " Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn , the ranking Republican on the Homeland Security Committee , insisted to CNN . Because of Coburn 's view , his committee staff members can keep their current federal employee health plan . "  I think it 's clear , " Coburn said . But what some call clear , others see as self-serving or hypocritical . "  I would submit that 's ludicrous on its face , " Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , said of the committee exemption argument on the floor on Wednesday . "  Congressional staff are congressional staff . ... Anyone who works for us through the institution of Congress . " On the other side , Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , the top Republican on the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , told CNN on Tuesday that he thinks "  we 're going to keep the committee staff " on the current federal employee plan . "  I have n't made up my mind , " Hatch said . Democrats are similarly split . Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray , D-Washington , will have her leadership and committee staff go into the exchange . But what about fellow Democrat and Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus of Montana ? His office says he believes committee staff is exempt . The issue is a double-edged sword for lawmakers : exempt your staff and face accusations of granting them a special privilege or force your staff into the exchanges and risk losing good workers who fear the exchanges will provide weaker or costlier benefits . Last-minute decisions Many of the most powerful waited until this week to make the tough decision . House Republican leaders were still discussing options on Tuesday . Then by Wednesday , Speaker John Boehner and his top lieutenants decided to put their leadership staff into the exchanges , according to spokesmen for the various leaders . Senate Democratic leaders may be less united . While Murray and Democratic Whip Richard Durbin , D-Illinois , are both forcing their entire staff into the exchanges , Senate Leader Harry Reid 's office did not answer CNN 's questions about his plan . As for staffers themselves , feelings about joining the exchanges range from "  meh " to sharp anxiety . None would speak on the record with CNN , saying they were not authorized to discuss their opinions with reporters . But several aides said they were extremely nervous about the exchange idea because it was untried . One indicated he had started thinking of looking for a new job because of the predicament . Others insisted they either had not thought about the exchange idea much or felt that it would be similar to the federal health plan they have now . To try to and guarantee a plan equal to current federal benefits , the Office of Personnel Management requires that congressional staffers in the exchange buy a plan at the "  gold " benefit level or above . The same rule also mandates that congressional staffers use the Washington , D.C. , health exchange to find a plan . Those rules will apply to some staffers and not others , depending on how individual members of Congress decide , one-by-one .	Some members of Congress undecided on which staff will go into Obamacare exchanges The way the law is written creates some ambiguity in which staff members are affected If lawmakers fail to act , their staff members are automatically exempted and keep federal plan
Rolling Stone magazine apologized Friday for discrepancies in an article about the alleged gang rape of a University of Virginia student , after friends of the victim expressed doubts about the woman 's account and the accused fraternity chapter denied key details . Rolling Stone editors had chosen not to contact the man who allegedly "  orchestrated the attack on ` Jackie '  the woman who was the subject of the article  nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her , " a decision the magazine says it now regrets . "  In the face of new information , there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie 's account , and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced , " Rolling Stone said . Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana later tweeted that "  the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story . " University of Virginia pledges zero-tolerance in rape cases The article chronicled the school 's failure to respond to that alleged assault . It prompted an emergency meeting by the school 's governing board and the announcement of a zero-tolerance approach toward sexual assault cases . According to the magazine , Jackie , who at the time had just started her freshman year at the Charlottesville school , claimed she was raped by seven men at Phi Kappa Psi fraternity , while two more gave encouragement , during a party . However , the University of Virginia 's Phi Kappa Psi chapter did not have a party the night of September 28 , 2012 , the date when the alleged attack occurred , or at all that weekend , the chapter said in a statement Friday . The chapter 's lawyer , Ben Warthen , told CNN email and fraternity records are proof . Warthen said there were other discrepancies in the accuser 's account . For example , the accused orchestrator of the alleged rape did not belong to the fraternity , the fraternity house has no side staircase , and there were no pledges at that time of year . Jackie told the magazine she hurried out a side staircase after the incident and said her attackers egged each other on , asking , "  Do n't you want to be a brother ? " "  It 's not part of our culture , " Warthen said . "  It 's just not true . " Jackie also described her alleged attacker as a fellow lifeguard at the university pool . The fraternity 's UVA chapter said an internal investigation found no member who worked at the Aquatic and Fitness Center at the time of the alleged attack . "  We have no knowledge of these alleged acts being committed at our house or by our members , " the chapter statement said . "  Anyone who commits any form of sexual assault , wherever or whenever , should be identified and brought to justice . " Members of the fraternity were contacted by the author of the Rolling Stone article but provided no information "  because they had none to provide , " fraternity spokeswoman Pam Fitzgerald said in a statement . She said the members were shocked and surprised by the allegations , and that they were never contacted by fact-checkers at the magazine . The chapter said it is working with the Charlottesville Police Department as it investigates the allegations . The Washington Post reported Friday that a group of Jackie 's close friends "  believe something traumatic happened to her , but they also have come to doubt her account " because details have changed over time . Jackie stands by her story , the Post also reported . "  I never asked for this " attention , Jackie told the newspaper . "  What bothers me is that so many people act like it did n't happen . It 's my life . I have had to live with the fact that it happened every day for the last two years . " Rolling Stone 's scathing report , detailing not just Jackie 's graphic allegation of being raped and brutalized at a fraternity party , but also UVA 's supposed indifference to victims of sexual assault , stirred a firestorm on the campus . At a recent emergency meeting of UVA 's governing board , Rector George Keith Martin said , "  To Jackie and her parents , I say I am sorry . To the survivors of sexual assault and their families , I am also sorry . " The board unanimously adopted a resolution affirming a zero-tolerance approach toward rape and sexual assault cases , though what exactly that means remains to be seen . "  This type of conduct will not be tolerated at the University of Virginia , " Martin said . "  The status quo is no longer acceptable . " In the wake of the Rolling Stone article 's publication , UVA also suspended all fraternities ' activities until after the winter break . The university 's president said in a statement Friday that doubts about the story "  must not alter " its focus on the issue of sexual violence on college campuses . Teresa Sullivan said the school "  will continue to take a hard look at our practices , policies and procedures , and continue to dedicate ourselves to becoming a model institution in our educational programming , in the character of our student culture , and in our care for those who are victims . " Dana , the magazine 's managing editor , wrote on Twitter that he ca n't explain the discrepancies between Jackie 's account and the chapter 's statements . "  The fact that there is a story that appears in Rolling Stone in which I do n't have complete confidence is deeply unsettling to me , " he wrote . "  We made a judgment -- the kind of judgement  sic  reporters and editors make every day . And in this case , our judgement was wrong . "  We should have either not made this agreement with Jackie ... or worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story . That failure is on us -- not her . " Washington Post media critic Erik Wemple , who wrote a blog post earlier this week examining problems with Rolling Stone 's reporting , criticized reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely 's failure to seek comment from the accused . "  They 're threading this whole thing through one voice , " Wemple told CNN on Friday . "  This is what we call journalistic malpractice . ... It 's really outrageous that Rolling Stone would have done this . " Catherine Valentine , a student reporter at WUVA , said the article emboldened women to come forward with stories of sexual assault , and that may stop following the magazine 's apology . "  I 'm worried that girls are not going to report now out of fear of being called liars , " Valentine told CNN .	Fraternity says they were never contacted by Rolling Stone fact-checkers Rolling Stone 's managing editor says the discrepancies are "  deeply unsettling " UVA 's president says the doubts must not alter its focus on sexual assault issues The fraternity chapter denies many details of the Rolling Stone account
CNN  -- Baseball writers balked at naming any new players to the sport 's Hall of Fame on Wednesday , with none of the 37 eligible players drawing enough votes for a ticket to Cooperstown . The 2013 ballot marked the first year of eligibility for several players who have been named in the probes of performance-enhancing drug use in the major leagues , including all-time home run champ Barry Bonds and seven-time Cy Young winner Roger Clemens . It 's only the eighth time that no player received the 75 % support needed to enter the National Baseball Hall of Fame , and several of the voters said the results reflected the Baseball Writers Association of America 's ambivalence about the sport 's "  steroid era . " "  This is really a statement on an era , and it 's really a sad day for baseball , " BBWAA voter Jon Heyman told the sport 's in-house MLB Network . Heyman said he expected the writers who choose hall members would "  basically split " on Bonds and Clemens , "  and we 're not split . It was two-thirds to one-third against . " The concerns about players who were linked to steroids "  has hurt some of the clean guys " as well , Heyman said . The head of the players ' union , Michael Weiner , said the decision was unfair . "  To ignore the historic accomplishments of Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens , for example , is hard to justify , " he said . "  Moreover , to penalize players exonerated in legal proceedings , and others never even implicated , is simply unfair . The Hall of Fame is supposed to be for the best players to have ever played the game . " Longtime Sports Illustrated baseball writer Tom Verducci said it would n't matter if a player was a Hall of Fame caliber player before baseball had its steroid use problems . "  Based on your career win totals or home run totals , that does n't give you the green light then to go ahead and cheat the game and those who played it ,  making it  an unfair game . " The top vote-getter on the 2013 ballot was longtime Houston Astros second baseman Craig Biggio , who racked up more than 3,000 hits in a two-decade career . Biggio received 68 % of the vote , falling 39 votes short of election , Hall of Fame President Jeff Idelson announced . Clemens has denied using performance-enhancing drugs , and in 2012 , a federal jury acquitted him of lying to Congress during an investigation of steroid use . Bonds , who topped Hank Aaron 's home run mark in 2007 , was sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days of house arrest for obstruction of justice in another federal probe ; he also has denied using performance-enhancing drugs . Other players on the ballot who were linked to the use of performance-enhancing drugs over the past two decades included Mark McGwire , the St. Louis Cardinals slugger who broke the sport 's single-season home run record in 1998 ; the Chicago Cubs ' Sammy Sosa , McGwire 's major rival in that season-long chase ; and four-time All-Star Rafael Palmeiro . In 2010 , McGwire admitted to using steroids during his record-breaking season . Palmeiro was once slapped with a suspension after a positive drug test but denied using any banned substances . Sosa denied using steroids during a congressional hearing but did not respond to requests for an interview by staffers for former Sen. George Mitchell , who led a probe of steroid use in the major leagues in 2007 . Fans ' reactions were mixed . "  I think it 's utter nonsense , " said Darin McAuliffe , an Atlanta IT consultant . "  I think if you 're going to be paid tens of millions of dollars a year , you 're going to do what you need to do to stay at the top of your game . And the average Joe gets that . And their owners demand that . " Opinion : Going after Clemens was stupid But Carl Bauer , who commented on the National Baseball Hall of Fame 's Facebook page , said the voters got it right . "  I think people confuse the Hall of Fame and Museum with getting a plaque from the Baseball Writers  Association  of America , " he wrote . "  All the steroid cheaters  specifically Bonds , Clemens , McGwire , Sosa and Palmeiro , etc.  have their accomplishments represented in the Hall of Fame . So the history of baseball , and their history in baseball , is represented . However , we do not need to honor these cheaters and lawbreakers with a plaque . " Matt Roe , a Cardinals fan who was hanging out at The Post Sports Bar and Grill in Maplewood , Missouri , said he thought some of those on the ballot were punished for the supposed actions of another . "  The fact that nobody got inducted is kind of like the sports writers were making a point out of Barry Bonds , " he said . Like Bonds and Clemens , Sosa was in his first year of eligibility for the Hall of Fame . McGwire was on the ballot for a seventh time and Palmeiro , a third . Opinion : Allow doping in sport Former pitcher Jack Morris received 67.7 % of the vote . Morris , who won 254 games in his career , gets one more crack next year , as players are eligible for 15 ballots , beginning five years after they retire . One of the players who wo n't be on next year 's ballot is Dale Murphy , a two-time Most Valuable Player who spent most of his career with the Atlanta Braves . The fact that no one was voted in this year could muddle the ballot for 2014 , when pitchers Tom Glavine and Greg Maddux will be added to the ballot , as will slugger Frank Thomas . Three people will be inducted into the Hall of Fame on July 28 . In December a special panel that looks at people whose career ended before 1947 voted in Jacob Ruppert , the New York Yankees owner who bought Babe Ruth 's contract in 1919 ; former umpire Hank O'Day ; and Deacon White , a catcher in the 19th century . CNN 's Phil Gast and David Close contributed to this story .	NEW : Writer says you do n't get pass on steroids because you were great before then Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens strike out with Hall of Fame voters None of the 37 players on the 2013 ballot received the 75 % support needed to enter the Hall "  This really is a statement on an era , " one baseball writer says
CNN  -- The Republican 2016 presidential field is starting to come into focus with potential contenders making notable moves this week . Here 's a breakdown of the latest headlines starting to shape the early race for the Republican nomination . Portman is out Pollsters can cross one name off their long list : Rob Portman . The Ohio Republican announced Tuesday he 's running for re-election to his Senate seat . Portman was vetted , but ultimately not picked , to be Mitt Romney 's running mate in 2012 , and he would have been the first pro-same sex marriage Republican presidential candidate if he ran this cycle . He said as recently as two weeks ago that he was considering a presidential run , telling CNN 's Erin McPike that he "  probably  has  more experience than other people who are running or thinking about running . " Instead the senator will seek a second term in the Senate , where he thinks he can "  play the most constructive role . " Bush is "  thinking " Jeb Bush reiterated that he 's still considering a presidential run , revealing more details Monday about his decision-making process . "  I 'm thinking about running for president , and I 'll make up my mind in short order , " the former Florida governor said at an event hosted by the Wall Street Journal . He said he 's determining whether his candidacy could "  lift people 's spirits and not get sucked into the vortex , " adding that he 's also questioning if "  the sacrifice for my family is tolerable . " Son says Jeb Bush ` more than likely ' eyeing 2016 run With Bush considered a potential frontrunner , the rest of the GOP field is eagerly awaiting his decision . Those perhaps most interested include Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who was mentored by Bush , and other candidates who appeal to moderate Republicans , like Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . "  I do n't know if I 'd be a good candidate or a bad one , " Bush said . "  I kind of know how a Republican can win . " Ben Carson on the verge of becoming a political phenomenon A renowned neurosurgeon who 's become popular in conservative circles , Ben Carson is still climbing up the charts , according to a new CNN/ORC International Poll . Carson came in second place behind Mitt Romney in the survey , which measure support for potential 2016 contenders . Carson rose to political fame after publicly chiding the direction the country was going during his remarks at the National Prayer Breakfast in February 2013 . President Barack Obama was sitting just a few feet away . Since then , he 's been likened to a rockstar among conservatives , and he 's become the only African-American Republican expressing interest in a 2016 presidential run . His abhorrence for political correctness has also made him a favorite among radio talk shows . "  I try to talk about what I actually see that 's going on and this is what we need in America , " he told CNN 's Mark Preston for a profile piece . "  We need people who are not afraid to express themselves and who are not afraid to debate issues . " In the interview , Carson said that if the right candidate emerges before May 1 , he wo n't run for the White House . Rand Paul is definitely running in 2016 ... for the Senate While Sen. Rand Paul has been saying for more than a year that he plans on running for a second term in the Senate , the Kentucky Republican made it official Tuesday . But he has a bumpy road ahead . Kentucky election law allows candidates to appear on a ballot only once at a time , making it difficult for Paul if he also runs for president  $ " a decision he told the Lexington Herald-Leader that he 's about "  four to six months " away from making . His allies in the state Senate tried to help him by passing a bill that tweaks the law , but the measure stalled in the Democratic-controlled state House . Still , Paul has other options , including a possible court challenge or convincing the state GOP to change its nominating system in 2016 from a primary to a caucus . That way , his name would n't appear on a ballot . Or , he could just not appear on the ballot at all and forego Kentucky 's delegates . It 's unclear which direction he 'll take , but expect Democrats to seize on Paul 's attempt to run for two offices . "  Where I come from , people think if you ca n't make up your mind on which office you want to run for , then you ai n't fit to serve in either one , " Kentucky House Speaker Greg Stumbo told CNN . Chris Christie wins high praise from Iowa 's top Republican In a bizarre 2016 storyline , Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a popular bill that would have banned gestation crates that severely limit the mobility of pigs in New Jersey . While his decision drew strong pushback from animal rights activists and other supporters , the veto kept Christie in high standing with Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa . The Hawkeye State is the nation 's top pork producer . Branstad , who holds significant influence in Iowa 's first-in-the-nation presidential nominating contest , said Monday that Christie 's veto was a "  good decision , " adding that he personally lobbied Christie to reject the bill . Christie said he vetoed the bill because it was a "  solution in search of a problem " and a "  political movement masquerading as substantive policy . " But his opponents say the decision was simply a political ploy with 2016 ambitions on his mind . Democratic state Sen. Ray Lesniak , a strong backer of the bill , pledged that the state legislature would attempt to override the veto , according to NJ.com . Mitt Romney 's hair . Enough said . One can hardly write about 2016 without mentioning Romney and the latest earth-shattering news that his picture perfect hair is -- wait for it -- not always perfectly coiffed . The bombshell was revealed by his wife , Ann Romney , on Twitter during Thanksgiving weekend . Disheveled or not , he 's still the most favored potential Republican contender , carrying 20 % support among Republican voters in CNN 's latest poll , with other names getting 10 % or less . He may have said a thousand times in the past two years that he 's not running again , but until someone else emerges as a frontrunner , voters are poised to keep him as their top choice . What Mitt Romney learned running for president : Debating is ` sweaty business ' Oh , right . And Newt Gingrich said this . Talking about the emerging field , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who ran for president in 2012 , did n't rule out the idea of another run . "  I have n't totally closed the door , but I 'm certainly not opening it , " he said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Wolf . " He later added that it 's actually "  very implausible " and that he "  doubts very much " he 'll "  end up in that game . " "  But that tells you how early it is , " he said . CNN 's Jeremy Diamond , Dana Bash , Eric Bradner , and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	Rob Portman announced he wo n't run for president in 2016 Jeb Bush , however , said he 's still "  thinking " and will make a decision soon A new CNN poll shows Mitt Romney is still the top favorite , wtih Ben Carson in second Rand Paul and Chris Christie are also making moves toward 2016
CNN  -- Students and staff will be allowed to return to a northeast Ohio college campus Monday evening , following a bomb threat that had forced its evacuation earlier in the day , according to the school 's website . The bomb threat had forced the evacuation of Stark State College in North Canton , Ohio . Some classes were canceled and a building evacuated at Kent State University at Stark , which shares the campus with Stark State , according to messages posted Monday on the two schools ' official websites . Separately on Monday morning , hazardous materials teams were sent to Ohio State University 's main campus in Columbus after a professor received a letter containing a white powder , but no readings indicated it posed any danger , a campus police official said . The professor who received the letter is doing fine and had suffered no harmful effects from the powder , said Campus Police Deputy Chief Richard Morman . The hazmat crews were called to the second floor of a physics building , according to CNN affiliate WBNS . There was no word Monday afternoon about whether the incidents at the two campuses , which are about 130 miles apart , were thought to be connected . The posting on the Stark State website said that authorities had been cleared by authorities to reopen and resume normal operations by 5 p.m. Kent State University at Stark posted a message on its official website Monday morning saying its fine arts building was closed until 5 p.m. and ordering students and campus personnel "  to evacuate the building immediately , " but other classes and campus offices were to remain open as scheduled . No further updates from Kent State-Stark had been posted as of midafternoon Monday .	NEW : Stark State College cleared for normal operations , school 's website says NEW : White powder found in letter received by Ohio State University professor NEW : Hazmat teams sent to OSU detected no harmful readings from powder Fine arts building closed at Kent State University at Stark , that school 's website says
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered a comprehensive review of the military health care system on Tuesday in the wake of the growing VA scandal . Hagel 's move comes the same day the Department of Veteran Affairs announced veterans waiting for appointments for more than 30 days at VA hospitals and clinics will have an opportunity to see a doctor sooner . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN that Hagel had been considering the review for some time but decided to act now as he saw the VA scandal , first uncovered by CNN , unfold . The review , which is expected to last for 90 days , will focus on three areas : access to care , hospital safety and quality of care . Meanwhile , amid heavy pressure to address allegations of scheduling tricks and secrets lists to hide monthslong waits for care , the VA released details of its "  Accelerated Access to Care Initiative . " Those accusations have mushroomed since CNN first reported the problem in November in a detailed investigation examining several VA hospitals , reports that prompted President Barack Obama and lawmakers to call for investigations . Part of the initiative , which the VA says was implemented on May 23 , calls for all veterans waiting more than 30 days for an appointment to be contacted by the VA to determine whether they want to be seen by a doctor sooner . According to the initiative , the VA will make at minimum three attempts to contact each veteran . If the veteran wants to see a doctor sooner , "  and the capacity and resources exist --  following the facility assessment  , the veteran will be scheduled into new appointment openings , " according to a fact sheet provided by the VA. . If a facility ca n't handle all of the patients , "  non-VA medical care referral will begin , " it said . Under the initiative , reviews have been ordered of each VA facility to determine whether it can handle its current patient load . This includes examining whether VA clinics need to extend hours or approve overtime so more veterans can be seen . The reviews are expected to be completed by Friday , according the VA. . Obama has promised to hold accountable anyone found to have manipulated or falsified records . The most disturbing problems emerged at the Phoenix VA , with sources revealing details of a secret waiting list . According to the sources , at least 40 American veterans died while waiting for care at the VA there . The top officials at the Phoenix VA denied any existence of a secret waiting list after CNN 's initial Phoenix report went out . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list The director of the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system and two others were placed on administrative leave after the allegations made headlines and raised ire in Washington . The allegations have been followed by news of investigations at more than two dozen facilities across the nation . Timeline : VA 's troubled history	Military review will focus on three areas : access to care , hospital safety , quality of care Meanwhile , the VA is pledging to decrease veterans ' waiting times for appointments The actions come in the wake of a growing VA scandal first uncovered by CNN
Amazon released its newly curated list of 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime on Tuesday . Books on the list include Jane Austen 's "  Pride and Prejudice "  1813  , F. Scott Fitzgerald 's "  The Great Gatsby "  1925  and Kate Atkinson 's "  Life After Life "  2013  . The list spans 200 years of literature , along with a wide range of genres and intended audiences ; authors include David Sedaris , Salman Rushdie , J.D. Salinger , Michael Pollan and Shel Silverstein . Sara Nelson , editorial director of print and Kindle books at Amazon.com , said the list was created through taxing months of deliberation among her team , though no mathematical algorithms were used . "  One of our tasks was to have books that do n't feel like homework : ` eat your vegetables ' books , " Nelson said . "  There was nothing in there except ' I loved this book when I was 12 for this reason . ' We lobbied each other . " The books are not ranked but rather are listed alphabetically to represent that "  no book is more important than another , " she added . Some books that unanimously made the cut are children 's books like "  Charlotte 's Web " by E.B. White and "  Unbroken , " a nonfiction book about World War II by "  Seabiscuit " author Laura Hillenbrand . Fan favorites like the first installments of the "  Harry Potter , " "  Hunger Games " and "  Lord of the Rings " series made the cut . The list also features just one of the No. 1 Amazon Best Books of the Year , Rebecca Skloot 's "  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks . " "  We tried to make sure that we had a pretty good balance of fiction and nonfiction , " Nelson said . "  In terms of the demographic of the writers , we never sat down and said ` we need more women ' or ` we need more books from different cultural groups or countries . ' But overall , when I eyeball that list , it seems to have a lot of variation . " The book most hotly debated by the editorial team was George Orwell 's dystopian novel "  1984 . " "  It was n't so much ` Is "  1984 " a great book ? ' but ` Should we put "  1984 " or "  Brave New World " ? Should we put "  Lord of the Rings " or "  The Hobbit " ? ' On a 100 book list , you probably ca n't put both , " Nelson said . "  We tried to find books that were iconic and that would lead to other books . " The list leaves off classics like "  Les Misrables " and "  Moby Dick , " though some editors argued for their inclusion . You can vote for which selections you like and suggest new ones at Goodreads . Amazon will compile a list of reader picks in the coming weeks . All the books on the list are included in the gallery above -- let us know which ones you agree with and which you think were unfairly omitted in the comments section below .	Amazon.com compiled a list of 100 books everyone should read The literature spans 200 years , from Jane Austen to Kate Atkinson Other selections include "  1984 , " "  Charlotte 's Web " and "  The Great Gatsby " Readers can vote on which picks are good and which are missing
CNN  -- There 's something lurking in the depths of Loch Ness , Scotland and it has nothing to do with monsters . Footage from the Loch Ness submarine search showing two golf balls submerged in silt . On a recent expedition to try and find evidence of the Loch Ness monster , U.S. research teams came across something quite unexpected -- not a prehistoric creature of the deep but thousands of plastic covered golf balls . Mike O'Brien of SeaTrepid explains : "  At first we thought they were mushrooms , there were so many . But when we lowered the camera , we were surprised to see that they were in fact , golf balls . " The smattering of balls were found roughly 300 yards from the beach and 100 yards from the shore where it is thought locals and visitors have been using the loch to practice their driving skills for quite some time . One witness , conservationist Adrian Shine , told CNN he had seen locals launching balls almost 300 feet into the waters . Watch a video of balls being found at the bottom of Loch Ness . " However , Shine does n't believe this to be an environmental threat : "  Certainly it 's undesirable , but I do n't think it will have a significant environmental impact on the loch . " It seems missing and discarded golf balls may not be bad news for all concerned . David Roston has built a career out of wading through rivers and diving in lakes to collect and re-sell discarded golf balls . His online company www.lakeballs.co.uk have been retailing "  lake balls " for almost 10 years , but even his powers of retrieval would be challenged by the monstrous task of recovering balls from the bottom of the loch . "  I 've dived in various lakes and found 10 to 15 thousand golf balls at a time , it 's incredible -- but we 've never attempted to clear a loch ! " Bobbing along at a depth of 754 feet , it is unlikely these balls of Loch Ness will ever see the light of day again . To watch the remarkable footage shot by the SeaTrepid underwater robotics team , click on the link to see the "  Outland 1000 " in action .	Thousands of golf balls have been found at the bottom of Loch Ness Golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore Conservationists say the golf balls are not an environmental threat
CNN  -- The Marine husband of a slain Fort Bragg soldier was charged with murder Monday and another Marine was charged with aiding the crime , a local police chief said . Fayetteville , North Carolina , police released this undated photo of 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc . Authorities have been searching for the missing soldier , Army 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc , 24 , since a fire torched her North Carolina apartment on July 10 . Marine Cpl. John Wimunc and fellow Marine Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden were initially charged with arson , but after police interviews Wimunc was charged with first-degree murder , said Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine . Alden was charged with felony accessory after the fact to first-degree murder , Bergamine said . Both were taken to Cumberland County 's jail and held without bond , he said . Earlier , a witness found a charred body in woods , but Detective Jeff Locklear told reporters that police were still awaiting a positive identification from the medical examiner and could not say for certain it was Holley Wimunc . The lieutenant 's father released a statement about the death Monday in which he said his daughter was a nurse at a military hospital and had two children . "  It is with profound sadness that our family just received the news from authorities that our beloved daughter Holley is dead , " Wimunc 's father said in a statement released to CNN affiliate WRAL in Raleigh , North Carolina . "  Since last Thursday 's shocking news about Holley 's burned apartment and her missing person status , our family through the country has nonetheless been holding on to a thin thread of hope that she would be found alive . " Military officials said both Marines were stationed at Camp Lejeune , which is about two hours away from Wimunc 's Fayetteville home . Joe Lenczyk -- resident agent-in-charge for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives -- said Wimunc and her husband were estranged and lived apart . Wimunc is the second female soldier from Fort Bragg to die under suspicious circumstances in recent weeks . Spc. Megan Lynn Touma , 23 , was seven months pregnant at the time of her death in June , authorities said . Investigators say they are treating that death as a homicide . Camp Lejeune also has had a suspicious death of a female soldier this year . Twenty-year-old pregnant Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach 's charred body was found January in the back yard of another Marine stationed at the base . That suspect , U.S. Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , was captured in April in Mexico .	NEW : Soldier 's husband , Cpl. John Wimunc , charged with murder Marine Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden charged with arson in connection with the crime Authorities have been searching for 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc since July 10
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From ancient Phoenician galleys to 21st century super yachts , a lot has changed about the way people travel the high seas over the centuries . The Mirabella V , built in 2003 , is the world 's biggest single-masted sailing yacht , with a mast that is nearly 300 ft tall . Whether it 's one intrepid "  micro-yachtsman " navigating the Atlantic in a boat the size of a bathtub , or an elite racing team shattering world records in a state-of-the-art catamaran , these voyages all have one thing in common : they have altered the way mankind looks at the world . MainSail takes a look at the ships , and the revolutionaries they carried on their way . Voyage of the Beagle When : 1831 Who : Naturalist Charles Darwin Where : Galapagos Islands The boat : The HMS Beagle was a 90 ft , 10-gun former British Navy warship built in 1820 . The ship was repurposed and commissioned for civilian exploration voyages in 1825 . How long : Five years Legacy : Aboard the HMS Beagle , Darwin collected specimens and began to develop his theories of evolution , which would later crystallize in "  The Origin of Species . " Columbus discovers the New World When : 1492 Who : Italian explorer Christopher Columbus Where : From Spain to the Caribbean The boats : The Santa Maria was a 70 ft , three-masted ship built from pine and oak , that could carry 40 men . The Nina and the Pinta were both smaller , nimbler boats with triangle-shaped masts better for navigating tricky waterways . The square-sail Santa Maria ran aground in modern-day Haiti on Christmas Day 1492 . Legacy : Searching for a new way into the East Indies spice route , it was aboard these three ships that Columbus unintentionally discovered the Caribbean . ` Micro-yachtsman ' crosses the Atlantic in miniature boat When : 1993 Who : American Hugo Vihlen Where : Across the North Atlantic , from Newfoundland to Cornwall , England The boat : The Father 's Day , the world 's tiniest sailboat at a length of 5 ft 4 in , was so small that Vihlen had to roll up into a ball to sleep , and could n't stand up without opening the hatch and risk taking on water . Likened to a space shuttle , the boat is made from fiberglass-enclosed Airex foam and was fitted with GPS , a water maker , VHF radio and SSB/Ham radio . Legacy : Aboard the Father 's Day , Vihlen became the world 's first "  micro-yachtsman , " but it was n't all smooth sailing -- the boat was surrounded by whales , nearly capsized , and caught the tail end of a hurricane during its 105-day voyage . What world-changing voyages would you add to our list ? Sound Off below Magellan navigates Cape Horn When : 1519 Who : Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan Where : Around the world bypassing Cape Horn , South America via a narrow strait The boat : Given to Magellan by King Charles I of Spain , The Victoria was the only one of five ships to complete the trip successfully . Only 18 of its original 237 crew members survived and the ship was so badly damaged it was only kept afloat by the crew continuously pumping water out of the hull . How long : Three years Legacy : During the first ever circumnavigation of the world Magellan discovered a shortcut through a waterway in the southern tip of Chile , which helped sailors to avoid the almost continuous ocean storms off Cape Horn . The voyage also established the need for an international date line -- as the explorers found upon return that their calendars were one day off . Pilgrims sail to Plymouth Rock When : 1620 Who : The Pilgrims Where : From England to Plymouth Rock The boat : Primarily used as a cargo ship , in this instance the Mayflower , which was estimated to be between 90 and 110 ft , was used to transport 102 English separatists . How long : Two months Legacy : Half the Pilgrims died during the first winter on the Mayflower , but , in America , the ship continues to be a symbol of the bold English separatists who would encounter great hardships while they explored , and established colonies the modern-day U.S. east coast . Cook charts the Pacific When : 1772-1775 , 1778-1780 Who : English cartographer and explorer Captain James Cook Where : Pacific Ocean , Antarctic Circle The boat : Called "  the fittest ship for service I have ever seen " by Cook , the HMS Resolution was fitted with the most advanced technology of the day , including an "  Azimuth compass , " an ice anchor , a fresh water distiller , and 24 guns and small cannons . How long : Five years Legacy : Cook charted maps of the Pacific so accurate that many were still used up until 50 years ago , and proved the nonexistence of the mythical "  Terra Australis " continent believed to exist in the south Pacific . In the process , the HMS Resolution became the first ship to cross the Antarctic Circle . First solo circumnavigation of the globe When : 1895 Who : Canadian sailor Joshua Slocum Where : From Boston to Rhode Island The boat : Given as a gift to Slocum in 1892 , the rotting 36 ft vessel , The Spray , the sailor restored it for "  $ 553.62 , and 13 months of my own labor . " How long : Three years Legacy : Slocum became the first person in history to successfully circumnavigate the world solo upon his return to Rhode Island in June 1898 , inspiring generations of sailors to come . Yacht with tallest mast ever sets sail When : Built in 2003 Who : Owned by American Joe Vittoria , former CEO of Avis Where : From Portsmouth , England to the Mediterranean Sea The boat : With an overall length of 247 ft , the Mirabella V is the largest single-masted boat in the world . The super-yacht 's unprecedented mast extends up nearly 300 ft into the sky , and its main sail is over 16,000 sq ft -- the biggest in the world . Legacy : No expense was spared in the construction of Vittoria 's luxurious yacht , which cost over $ 50 million to build . The Mirabella V spends her winters in the Carribean , her summers in the Mediterranean , and can be rented for around $ 400,000 per week -- but one tip : there is n't a single bridge in the world that the yacht can sail underneath . Phoenicians build empire on the seas When : 1200-600 B.C. Who : Expert sailors of Phoenicia 's maritime empire Where : Mediterranean Sea The boats : The Phoenicians improved upon the galley -- the ancient ship powered by rows of human oarsmen -- by inventing the "  bireme , " a galley propelled by a second row of oars . Legacy : Through their skillful use ships to trade valuable Tyrian purple dyes , the seafaring Phoenicians -- who could be considered the world 's first "  global capitalists " -- built a maritime empire from Spain to the Middle East that dominated commercial trade in the Mediterranean for the better part of a millennium . Fastest circumnavigation of the globe When : 2005 Who : French yachtsman Bruno Peyron Where : Around the world The boat : The Orange II , a 121 ft "  maxicat , " a catamaran designed for ocean racing , with super heavy-duty sails that can withstand prolonged exposure to heavy winds . How long : 50 days , 16 hours , 20 minutes and four seconds Legacy : The Orange II shattered the previous world record for the fastest circumnavigation of the globe by nearly eight days -- and Peyron and his 12-man crew currently hold the Jules Verne Trophy , the prize given to the world 's fastest circumnavigators .	The Pilgrims ' voyage on the Mayflower to Plymouth Rock in 1620 Charles Darwin 's evolutionary discoveries on the HMS Beagle in 1831 Hugo Vihlen 's "  micro-yacht " crossing of the Atlantic in 1993
CNN  -- The Golden Gate Bridge got its chance to shine Sunday , with people around the Bay Area flocking to the iconic span to celebrate its 75th birthday . Festivities that began in the morning and continued into the evening along San Francisco 's northern waterfront within sight of the two legendary orange towers included musical and dance performances on stages in Crissy Field and Marina Green plus a historic watercraft parade . The aircraft carrier USS Nimitz passed under the bridge during the day , with its sailors saluting as sailboats flanked the ship . And there were less expected tributes as well , like the skywriter who spelled out "  Happy 75th " above San Francisco Bay . Beacon in the bay : Golden Gate turns 75 Twitter was abuzz Sunday with people offering "  feliz cumpleanos "  "  happy birthday " in Spanish  and other salutations , with new messages appearing every few seconds . "  Happy 75th Birthday to San Franciscos Golden Gate Bridge ! You are beautiful , " wrote one woman . The fun climaxes once the sun goes down over the abutting Pacific Ocean , with fireworks planned for 9:30 p.m.  12:30 a.m. ET  that aim to showcase the bridge , bay and nearby national parks , according to the official Golden Gate Bridge 75th Anniversary website . From a practical standpoint , the suspension bridge has served a key role connecting San Francisco and Marin County since opening to vehicles on May 28 , 1937 , a little more than four years after construction on it began . LIFE : 75 years of the Golden Gate Bridge in pictures In the time since the first vehicles rolled across the 4,200-foot main span between the bridge 's two towers , the Golden Gate has gained symbolic significance as emblematic of the Bay Area . And many have admired it for its artistic merit , with the bridge serving as the backdrop for countless photos , paintings and more . The bridge was made for superlatives and wow-inducing numbers , as provided by the Golden Gate Bridge Highway & Transportation District : -- Each tower has approximately 600,000 rivets . -- The 4,200-foot suspension span was the longest in the world until New York 's Verrazano-Narrows Bridge opened in 1964 . -- Painting is an ongoing task , because it protects the bridge from high salt content in the air , which corrodes steel components . -- The bridge has been closed three times because of weather , most recently for nearly three-and-a-half hours on December 3 , 1983 , due to high winds that gusted up to 75 mph . On Sunday cars appeared to be moving smoothly over the bridge during the afternoon , though traffic backups may be in the forecast at night -- specifically between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. , when the bridge will close to vehicles . As for San Francisco 's signature fog , the National Weather Service predicted patchy fog wo n't roll in until after 11 p.m. Mostly cloudy skies and winds gusting as strong as 23 mph are forecast for during the night .	San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge opened in May 1937 Sunday 's celebration marks the iconic span 's 75-year anniversary Events include concerts , a watercraft parade and nighttime fireworks
CNN  -- USA Swimming on Monday suspended Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian ever , for six months and said he wo n't be on next year 's U.S. team at the world championships . The 22-time Olympic medalist also wo n't be paid his monthly stipend , USA Swimming said on its website . The organization said Phelps , who was charged with DUI last week in Maryland , had violated its code of conduct . "  Michael accepts USA Swimming 's sanctions . He has apologized for his actions and , as he shared yesterday , is taking steps to address them , " a spokesperson from his management company , Octagon , told CNN . Octagon said Phelps had entered a six-week , in-patient treatment program . Phelps announced Sunday on Twitter that he is taking a break from the sport "  to attend a program that will provide the help I need to better understand myself . " According to his official Twitter account , "  Swimming is a major part of my life , but right now I need to focus my attention on me as an individual . " The decision comes after he was charged last week with driving under the influence of alcohol , excessive speed and crossing double lines on Interstate 95 in Baltimore . The four-time Olympian , 29 , was arrested last Tuesday about 1:40 a.m. and later released , police said . According to media reports , police said his blood-alcohol content was .14 . "  Michael 's conduct was serious and required significant consequences , " USA Swimming Executive Director Chuck Wielgus said Monday in a written statement . The chief executive officer of the United States Olympic Committee said he thought the sanctions were appropriate , "  And we are glad that Michael is seeking help , " Scott Blackmun said in a news release . "  We are grateful that nobody was hurt and appreciate the speed at which USA Swimming and Michael took action . " Last week 's arrest is not Phelps ' first run-in with the law In 2004 , he was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . Five years later , a photograph of him smoking marijuana at a party surfaced . "  I 'll make a million mistakes in my life , but as long as I never make the same mistake again , then I 've been able to learn and grow , " Phelps said in 2012 . He also said that the incident made him realize who his real friends were . He retired after winning four gold and two silver medals at the 2012 Olympics . Phelps returned to competitive swimming in April and raced for the United States in August at the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships , his first international meet since the London Games  and two years before the next Games in Brazil  . CNN 's Drew Iden contributed to this report .	Michael Phelps is OK with sanctions , his management company says The 22-time Olympic medalist also will miss the 2015 world championships He was arrested last week on a DUI and other charges Phelps , 29 , announced Sunday he was going to attend a program to get help for himself
CNN  -- Hilary Duff says her new album is "  very positive " but admits that it started out "  a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , Mike Comrie . "  I 'm separated from my husband right now , which has been a very difficult thing to go through , " she told Billboard 's "  Pop Shop " podcast . "  In the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because I had to get that out . Once I did get that out , a lot of fun came . " Duff married Comrie , a former pro hockey player , in 2010 after dating for three years . Their son , Luca , was born in 2012 . Duff and Comrie announced their separation in January . Duff , 26 , admits that she 's "  nervous " after being away from music for seven years . Her just-released single , "  Chasing the Sun , " is from her still-untitled album , which will be her first studio release since 2007 's "  Dignity . " She says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son . After having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious . "  I felt like I was missing a big part of myself , " she said . Duff established a successful singing career on the heels of her popular Disney show , "  Lizzie McGuire , " which aired from 2001 to 2004 . She spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road . "  It was time for me to be a person , and the break just ended up being a long time , " she said . One song on the album has to do with the loneliness she felt after being surrounded by dozens of people during her peak . Another song is a collaboration with Ed Sheeran . Duff is upbeat about her music 's prospects . "  It 's an exciting new journey for me , " she said .	Hilary Duff says some songs on new album are very personal She and husband Mike Comrie are separated Duff 's forthcoming album is her first in seven years
The rationale behind Confucius Institutes -- an international chain of academic centers run by an arm of the Chinese government -- is understandable . With extraordinary economic growth in the past three decades , China is again center stage in the international community . In the early years of reform , it was imperative to bring the outside world -- particularly its technology and capital -- into China . Today , it 's imperative to introduce a born-again China to the outside world , especially in light of the myriad stereotypes , misperceptions , and distortions about China that are still prevalent among many foreigners . While introducing Chinese language and culture to foreigners is a good idea , the aggressive attempt to do so via Confucius Institutes has proved problematic . The Hanban -- the Chinese government body that operates the Confucius Institutes -- often gives one the impression that it is carrying out a worldwide ideological campaign . Several U.S. educational institutions -- most recently the University of Chicago and Penn State University -- reportedly have decided to cut ties with the Confucius Institute program over concerns about academic freedom . In another widely reported incident that adds to suspicions about their ideological agenda , the Hanban ordered pages from a Taiwan scholarly foundation to be removed from a program handed out at the 20th conference of the European Association of Chinese Studies in Portugal in July of this year . Soft power push By the end of 2013 there were already 440 Confucius Institutes and 646 smaller Confucius Classrooms across 120 countries . Given that the first Confucius Institute was founded in 2004 in South Korea , this is nothing short of a cultural "  Great Leap Forward " targeted at foreigners . China 's leaders appear to have subscribed to the view that though China already possesses formidable hard power -- in economic and military terms -- it wo n't be viewed as a truly global power like the United States until it also possesses equally formidable soft power . The elements of Chinese soft power frequently cited by foreigners when asked about their views of China include the Great Wall , the Forbidden City , pandas , Kung Fu , and the Peking Opera . With the exception of pandas , however , they are all cultural products of ancient China . What China really lacks is not culture per se , but modern culture that can easily resonate with people around the world Instead of promoting the controversial Confucius Institutes that are interpreted by some as a sign of cultural colonialism by a rising China , the Chinese government would be better off attracting foreigners to China through scholarships , research grants , and cultural products . What would Confucius say ? Confucianism was the ruling ideology of China for the better part of Chinese history until 1911 . It comprises a set of values , norms , and practices that derive primarily from the teachings of Confucius , a philosopher-teacher who lived from 551 to 470 BC . While Confucianism has much to say about nearly every aspect of Chinese society , it does not advocate aggressively spreading Chinese culture outside the Middle Kingdom . Instead , at least from my perspective , it exhorts Chinese emperors to make China a "  city on the hill " -- a shining example of advanced culture for other people to admire and emulate . Besides , there is hardly anything in Confucianism that is both uniquely Chinese and universally appealing . In fact , some of the core elements of Confucianism -- such as the priority of the state over the individual , hierarchical society , and deference to authority -- are obviously at odds with the dominant trends of the contemporary world . Those who are familiar with China 's post-1949 history also wo n't miss the irony that the Communist government is marketing Confucius as the icon of Chinese culture . Confucius and his thoughts were attacked as backward and as an obstacle to China 's modernization during the Cultural Revolution  1966-76  . As a result , Confucianism was marginalized in Chinese discourse , only to be revived and promoted by Chinese leaders in the past decade . In the end , the key to China 's soft power hinges on modernizing Chinese culture instead of marketing its ancient heritage . Such cultural modernization includes not only more appealing cultural products and business innovations , but also fundamental reforms in the Chinese body politic . To paraphrase the wise words of Confucius , perhaps Chinese leaders should worry less about having little soft power abroad and more about building up a prosperous , free , and just society at home .	China is keen to project its culture as well as its economic and military power Chinese government accused of worldwide ideological campaign through Confucius Institutes Several U.S. educational institutions cut ties over concerns about academic freedom Tao : China would be better off attracting foreigners through scholarships , cultural products
CNN  -- While millions may be running to the malls this holiday season , there are some people running away from the buying frenzy . Several online movements have inspired thousands of people to attempt to spend little or no cash on holiday presents . Followers are avoiding shopping malls and opting to save their money , make their own presents or provide free services like baby-sitting or massages as gifts . "  The holiday season is about sharing time with loved ones , not going into debt , " said Cat Ellis , a Facebook "  Buy Nothing Christmas " follower . "  It is entirely unnecessary to spend money in order to show others that you care . " In addition to the Facebook page that Ellis and some 1,700 people follow , websites called buynothingchristmas , buynothingday and revbilly are encouraging people to stop spending a lot of cash on gifts and reduce holiday consumerism . Aiden Enns co-founded buynothingchristmas.org and said during the holidays , his site attracts up to 7,000 hits a day from people wanting to learn more about the movement . "  Our website challenges people to de-commercialize Christmas and connect in simpler ways , such as spending time with friends and loved ones and giving to less-privileged people , " said Enns . Kyle Denholm of Petoskey , Michigan , is among those who asked his family to attend a holiday event together instead of exchanging gifts last year . "  It felt wonderful to create some special memories with people we love and we plan to do it again this year , " said Denholm . It 's not just anti-consumerism fueling the cause . "  Christmas is an environmentalist 's worst nightmare -- tons of extra landfill , megawatts of flashing lights and congested shopping mall parking lots , " said Liz Wylie , an anti-consumer subscriber . While followers of the movement find various ways to support the cause , Scott Krugman , a spokesperson with the National Retail Federation , has a different take . Krugman said he respects a person 's right to celebrate the holidays as he or she chooses and does not want to make it a "  we " versus "  them " issue . "  However , the retail sector helps generate one in five U.S. jobs and it is important to remember how critical this industry is to our weakened economy and to help support it , " Krugman said . "  Some 95 % of retailers are small , independent businesses . " "  Some 500,000 retail positions will be created this holiday season in the U.S. and these jobs play a huge role in fueling our economy . " But for some people , like Ellis , supporting the U.S. retail sector is not an easy option . Her family was forced to change spending habits a couple of years ago . "  After my husband lost his job in January of 2008 he was unemployed for almost two years before he found part-time work , " said Ellis . "  I had my own business , which became our primary income . Unemployment benefits did n't cover much -- we did n't have a choice but to be hyper-responsible with money . " The anti-consumerism philosophy has kept the Ellises afloat financially . Ellis said they do n't have to worry about credit card bills and she does not argue with her husband about money . "  I know some people are willing to run up the charge cards and spend tons of cash on the latest toys and games for children , " Ellis said . "  I can get ` new-to-my-kids ' toys and give an even more important gift -- a family that is financially stable even in a failing economy . " Ellis said making gifts for the holidays and finding free or used items is easier than many might imagine . "  Look at your talents and ask yourself -- can you cook or sew or do you have a special hobby to share ? Is there something you can teach or could you clean someone 's house ? " As a former massage therapist , she has used her skills to give free gift certificates . She also knits and gives away food she has grown , canned and baked . Ellis ' husband , Eddie , is a beekeeper and gives away honey , beeswax candles or honey wine  also known as mead  . "  I 've found people are far more impressed with the time and effort that went into a handmade gift than the perceived dollar amount spent on a retail gift . "	Anti-consumerism movements have inspired people to avoid buying holiday gifts Websites challenge people to de-commercialize Christmas and connect in "  simpler " ways Retailers remind potential consumers that their dollars are needed to support jobs
CNN  -- Ahead of her Super Bowl halftime show , singer Madonna promised there would be no "  wardrobe malfunction . " What she did n't guarantee was no obscene gestures . Rapper M.I.A. provided a middle finger salute to network cameras Sunday night during the 12-minute extravaganza , when she joined Madonna during a performance of the latter 's new single , "  Give Me All Your Luvin ' . " The apologies from the NFL and the broadcaster , NBC , came quickly -- they blamed each other . "  There was a failure in NBC 's delay system , " said Brian McCarty , the league 's vice president of communications . "  The obscene gesture in the performance was completely inappropriate , very disappointing , and we apologize to our fans . " "  The NFL hired the talent and produced the halftime show , " NBC said . "  Our system was late to obscure the inappropriate gesture and we apologize to our viewers . " The episode was reminiscent of the 2004 Super Bowl when singer Janet Jackson 's nipple was briefly exposed during a performance with singer Justin Timberlake . The infamous "  wardrobe malfunction " episode , as it came to be known , prompted the Federal Communications Commission to fine broadcaster CBS $ 550,000 . In November , a divided 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals ruled the FCC improperly punished the network . Since then , the NFL has maintained tight control over the show 's production . After the Jackson-Timberlake showstopper , the halftime show largely relied on classic rock artists such as Paul McCartney , Bruce Springsteen , The Rolling Stones , The Who and Tom Petty . Fast forward to Sunday when the New England Patriots were again playing in the big game , just as in 2004 . M.I.A. , along with Nicki Minaj , Cee-Lo Green and LMFAO , joined Madonna as she treated fans to a greatest hits medley that included "  Vogue , " "  Music " and "  Like a Prayer . " The "  spontaneous gesture , " as NBC called it , came during a performance of Madonna 's latest single . M.I.A. not only flipped her middle finger but uttered , "  I do n't give a sh*t . " A source close to M.I.A. said the rapper "  was nervous and not thinking , and adrenaline took over . " "  It was n't meant as a gesture or statement of any kind , " said the source , who is not authorized to speak on the record . "  She feels horrible for putting Madonna in that position . She messed up . " The Parents Television Council , a nonprofit group that advocates for family friendly programming , blamed the mishap on both NBC and the NFL . "  They chose a lineup full of performers who have based their careers on shock , profanity and titillation , " the group 's president , Tim Winter , said in a statement . "  Instead of preventing indecent material , they enabled it . " Madonna did not issue a comment . But on Twitter , where the halftime show generated 8,000 tweets per second , the reaction was swift and mixed . "  What was that singer M.I.A. thinking ?! Flipping off America during halftime ca n't be a good career move , " Will Ripley of Denver tweeted . But Devon Soltendieck of Montreal was less concerned . "  Can we all stop pretending #MIA flipping the Finger during the halftime show is offensive in 2012 ? " he asked . Said Josh Jackson , editor in chief of the music magazine Paste : "  M.I.A. Did n't flip us all off . She just had a middle finger malfunction . " CNN 's K.J. Matthews contributed to this report	NEW : Rapper M.I.A. was "  nervous and not thinking , " a source says NBC says its system was late to obscure the gesture The NFL says the gesture was inappropriate and disappointing The halftime show generated 8,000 tweets per second
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An audio message attributed to Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , the highest ranking former member of Saddam Hussein 's regime still at large , salutes the "  People of Palestine " and calls on them to fight back against Israel in Gaza . A 1999 file image of Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , who served under Saddam Hussien 's regime and who is still at large . "  We say to the people of Gaza , give more resistance and we will be with you in the field , and know that our victory in kicking out the invaders is your victory as well , because the main assailant on the nation and on Palestine is the American imperialism , " the recording said . "  A salute to the martyrs of the massacre , and our condolences to their families . " Al-Douri 's recording follows reports of a similarly defiant message from al Qaeda 's deputy chief a day earlier . Ayman al-Zawahiri reportedly vowed revenge for Israel 's air and ground assault on Gaza and called Israel 's actions against Hamas militants "  a gift " from U.S. President-elect Barack Obama . Israel is in the 12th day of a military operation against Hamas militants , who have been firing rockets from Gaza into southern Israel . Al-Douri 's 30-minute recorded message was broadcast Wednesday on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television over an old picture of al-Douri , wearing his Iraqi military uniform . CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape . This is not al-Douri 's first purported audio message . There have been at least four others over the past three years in addition to a statement attributed to him . Al-Douri , 66 , served as vice-chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council . He remains at large nearly six years after the war in Iraq began . He has previously been reported killed and captured , although those reports later turned out to be erroneous . He was the King of Clubs  No. 6  on the U.S. military 's card deck of most wanted regime officials . The U.S. military says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq with Iraqi funds he transferred to Syria before Hussein 's government collapsed in April 2002 . But it says his influence has waned while he has been in hiding . U.S. officials say al-Douri played key roles in the chemical attack on the Kurdish town of Halabja in 1988 and in putting down Kurdish and Shiite revolts after the 1991 Persian Gulf War .	Al-Douri was vice-chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council 30-minute recorded message broadcast on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice U.S. says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- It was n't until five months after Army Staff Sgt. June Moss returned from the Iraq war in 2003 that her real battle began . The horrors of the war -- witnessing decapitated and burned bodies amid mass destruction -- led to post-traumatic stress disorder . "  I do notice when I 'm stressing out that I start having dreams about what I saw and how I felt , " says Moss , now 40 and retired from the Army . "  It does come back as if to haunt you . " The percentage of women in the military has doubled in the last 30 years , with more than 350,000 serving as of 2009 , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs ' latest figures . With more female troops in combat , there has been an increase in PTSD diagnoses : One in five female veterans suffer from PTSD , according to the VA. . As a light-vehicle mechanic , Moss drove across Baghdad and provided security at checkpoints during her combat tour in Iraq . When she returned home , she became overly protective of her two children , fearing that someone was going to kidnap or harm them . At the same time , she hunkered down inside her home , staying in bed , because she says it was too hard to face the most mundane tasks such as shopping . "  It was crazy . I could n't even do crowds . It reminded me when we were in a marketplace  in Iraq  , and we did n't know if somebody was out there to kill us , " Moss explains . "  I 'm back home , and I did n't have to worry about a suicide bomber , but I still felt as if there was one lurking in the mall or the grocery store . " Six years ago , she cut her wrists to end the pain . Today , Moss has progressed significantly after specialized therapy provided by the local Veterans Affairs in Palo Alto , California , where the focus is on female vets like herself . "  Women tend to be diagnosed more often , at least with our recent returnees , with depression , whereas men are being diagnosed more often with substance abuse , " says Natara Garovoy , program director of the Women 's Prevention , Outreach & Education Center at VA Palo Alto Health Care System . Garovoy says recent studies show the percentage of women veterans suffering from PTSD is on par with the percentage of men : 20 % . "  Women are exposed to combat now more than ever before , and they 're proving to be just as resilient to those exposures as men , " she said . There is no cure for PTSD , only treatment . "  It takes a lot to live with PTSD , " Moss says . "  I hate to compare it with being an alcoholic , because I 'm not one , but that 's the best description I can give . You 're always one incident from spiraling out of control back to where you were -- being depressed , not coming out of the house , not being able to sleep , having night terrors , night sweats , all those kinds of things . " Moss attributes an angry outburst in her workplace last year to PTSD , after she says she had become complacent with her treatment . Moss physically struck a fellow employee with whom she was romantically involved . "  I just went off . It went from verbal to physical . And , thank God , I did n't lose my job over it . But I did get in trouble , " says Moss , who was suspended for three days without pay . "  Those feelings came out of nowhere . " Moss says she realized that even years later , she needed to actively engage in her weekly therapy . She also turned to her boss , the chaplain at the Palo Alto VA , to focus on her spirituality . "  I 'm constantly working on how I 'm thinking , " Moss says of her regimen today , which includes morning meditation , listening to gospel music and exercising . Her new mantra : "  Staying positive and keeping negativity out of my life ! " Moss has lost 40 pounds in the last two years and is pursuing a degree in human resource management at San Francisco 's Golden Gate University . Moss beams with pride when she discusses recent steps in her therapy made within the last six months . She went on a trip by herself to Philadelphia while her teenage children went away to camp . She says technology , like video chat , helped her make such a stride . Moss also took her daughter to a concert in October , braving a shoulder-to-shoulder crowd . "  It 's a big deal to know that from then to now , I 've come a long way , " Moss says with a smile . "  From head to toe , I 'm a better me . " CNN 's Linda Hall contributed to this report .	Staff Sgt. June Moss was diagnosed with PTSD after serving in the Iraq war As more women see combat , more female vets are suffering from PTSD Treatment helps , but Moss worries about slipping back into depression Today , Moss has gotten over her fear of crowds
CNN  -- Mitt Romney press secretary Rich Gorka 's outburst in Warsaw , Poland , on Tuesday , during which he told a reporter to "  shove it , " is of a piece with the Barnumesque spectacle of his candidate 's world tour . But to this veteran of many campaign tours , the incident raises a provocative question about modern campaign history : When and how did the Republicans become the championship party of whining ? Rahm Emanuel brought it up earlier this month with his bracing instruction to Romney to quit complaining about Democrats ' negative campaign ads . Such ads , deployed against Rick Santorum et al , were after all the instrument that brought Romney the GOP nomination . Any short history of the whining sweepstakes should start by noting that a tectonic shift is taking place when the candidates and handlers of one side begin asking , in some form , this question : Why are they being allowed to do to us what we 've happily been doing to them since -- to choose a recent precedent to this partisan shift -- the swift boating of John Kerry ? You see what 's that led to ? Why , these Obamians want to turn Romney 's brilliant business career into an unpatriotic defect ! News : Romney trip an 'em barrassing disaster , ' Obama team says The current situation is noteworthy because the Democratic Party seemed to have the exclusive franchise on piteous bleating dating back to Richard Nixon 's victory in 1968 and throughout the Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush years . Truth be told , the Democrats managed to keep whining throughout most of the triumphant Bill Clinton years . The game changer clearly has been Barack Obama , whose surprising taste for bloodying the noses of domestic critics and foreign adversaries seems to hark back to the last time the Democrats were unashamed political warriors . That would be 1960 , when John F. Kennedy and his snarling little brother Bobby made political "  ruthlessness , " unrestrained campaign spending , Teamster support and Mayor Richard Daley 's vote-counting techniques into virtues . The era of bullying Democrats pretty well ended with Jimmy Carter 's cardigan sweater and "  malaise speech . " Video : Romney aide to media : ` Show respect ! ' Then , with the victory of Reagan in 1980 , the Democrats ' claimed the whining trophy outright . Walter Mondale sealed the Democratic ascendancy with his high-pitched complaints about Reagan 's "  compassion gap . " And it has taken Romney to mount a full-scale effort to take back the title .  Pioneering credit , however , must be given to Sen. Bob Dole with his plaintive cries of "  Where 's the outrage ? " in response to voters ' apparently bottomless forgiveness for Clinton 's shenanigans . To find the wellsprings of 2012 Republican whining , I think one has to look at the party 's setters of tone and themes . Start with Romney and his cries of foul over the Obama campaign 's use of "  Chicago-style " politics . The vibe of this complaint is that of a suburban prep schooler who has wandered into a playground where the mean city boys took his football and then twisted his arm really hard . News : Romney trip may not matter much to voters in November The signature moment in this year 's use of the W word came in early July when an Obama staffer said that Romney was either a "  felon " or was "  misrepresenting " in his Federal filing about the length of his tenure as head of Bain Capital . Like much of today 's campaign talk , the accusation was hyperbolic , verging on the demagogic . In other words , it was well within the strike zone the Republicans institutionalized in 1988 when they turned the GOP 's amiable hitman Lee Atwater loose with his "  Willie Horton " ad against Michael Dukakis . But when the White House dared escalate the rhetorical arms race , Romney feigned outrage . Now he wanted an apology even though he had defended his own blistering attacks last spring on his primary rivals as a standard part of grown-up politics . Romney 's campaign even piled one whine upon another by running a commercial showing a plaintive Hillary Clinton saying "  Shame on you , Barack Obama " during the savage 2002 Democratic primaries . "  Stop whining ! " Chicago Mayor Emanuel , Obama 's former chief of staff , demanded on the George Stephanopoulous Sunday show recently . " "  If you want to claim Bain Capital as your calling card to the White House , then defend what happened at Bain Capital . " There 's something inescapably petulant about Romney 's preference for critiquing all aspects of the economy $ " but not his role at Bain . The Democrats should turn a deaf ear to his pleas for mercy on his record as a businessman and tax shelterer . The new Quinnipiac poll figures showing Obama ahead in Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania demonstrate that Republican-style attack politics work for anyone with the gumption to use them , including this year 's pugnacious Democrats . For the rest of this election season , if Democrats are smart , they 'll keep reaching into the Lee Atwater bad-boy trick bag and let the season 's reigning choir of complaint blend its many voices : the charismatic duo of John Boehner and Mitch McConnell , the tea party , the anchors and panelists of Fox News and now the hapless Rich Gorka . They all seem to know the same tunes : Why do n't voters believe what we do ? Why is n't Obama the milquetoast he looks like ? Why ca n't we change the photo-op rules for Mitt ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howell Raines .	Howell Raines : Romney press secretary 's outburst at reporters part of new GOP whining He says you know political ground shifting when a party complains about mistreatment He says Romney faces team more like tough Kennedys of '60s , not usual whiny Democrats Raines : Romney cries foul when opponent uses his own attack tactics ; Dems being effective
Moscow  CNN  More than 1 million historic documents have been destroyed in a fire at one of Russia 's largest public libraries , according to the Russian state news agency Tass . The Russian emergency situations ministry says 147 firefighters struggled for 25 hours over the weekend to put out the blaze in the main library of the Institute for Research Information on Social Sciences in Moscow . The fire , which ripped through the library Friday evening , destroyed 2,000 square meters  about 2,400 square yards  of the building and caused part of the roof to collapse , according to an official statement . The Russian emergency situations ministry said the fire was particularly hard to put out because of the high temperatures , narrow passageways and the risk of the building falling down . Moscow 's emergency ministry said the temperature inside the rubble of the library remains high and that there is still a threat that the building could collapse . Vladimir Fortov , president of the Russian Academy of Sciences , told the Russian news agency RIA Novosti that the fire , which destroyed 15 % of all the documents in the library , reminded him of the 1986 disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine . "  It 's a major loss for science . This is the largest collection of its kind in the world , probably equivalent to the Library of Congress , " Fortov told the agency . "  It contains material that you ca n't find anywhere else and all the social science institutions use this library . What has happened here is reminiscent of Chernobyl . " The institute 's director , Yuri Pivovarov , told Tass that he fears the building can not be restored . Founded in 1918 , the library is the biggest social science research center in Russia . Before the fire , it held around 14 million documents in ancient and modern Eastern European languages , including works dating to the 16th century . The emergency situations ministry said it is not yet clear what started the fire , but investigators are looking into whether a short circuit was to blame . A source at Moscow 's Interior Ministry told the Russian news agency Tass that the fire spread so quickly because it was not reported quickly enough . No one was in the building but guards at the time of the fire .	Fire reportedly destroys 15 % of all documents at one of Russia 's largest public libraries Head of Russian Academy of Sciences compares loss to Chernobyl nuclear disaster Investigators are looking into whether a short circuit is to blame for blaze , ministry says
Washington  CNN  -- Three African men suspected of ties to al Qaeda in North Africa have been arrested in Ghana and flown to New York to face charges that they engaged in drug trafficking and supported terrorism , federal officials said Friday . The three Mali natives will stand trial for an alleged drug conspiracy and conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization , authorities said . The Drug Enforcement Administration , which announced the criminal complaint , said the suspects will appear Friday in federal court in New York . Court documents released in Washington reveal a DEA undercover operation that included agents claiming to have ties to FARC , the guerilla army in Colombia that the United States has designated as a terrorist organization . The alleged plot involved shipment of cocaine from Africa to Europe , with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb helping facilitate the trafficking . The suspects are identified as Oumar Issa , Idriss Abdelrahman and Harouna Toure . Authorities said the apparent ties between the suspected African terror group members and the cocaine traffickers appear to represent an increasingly global effort to use the drug trade to support terrorism . While such a relationship is long-standing in Afghanistan , it has not been common in Africa , officials said .	Authorities say Mali men conspired to to provide material support to foreign terrorist group Suspects will appear Friday in federal court in New York , DEA says Documents reveal DEA sting with agents claiming to have ties to Colombia guerilla army Alleged plot involved Africa-to-Europe cocaine shipment , with terror group aiding trafficking
CNN  -- A tropical depression formed in the western Caribbean Sea on Sunday , and is likely to become Tropical Storm Rina as it skirts the Honduran coastline , the National Hurricane Center said . The depression -- the 18th of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season -- was located off the Nicaragua/Honduras border late Sunday afternoon , forecasters said . The government of Honduras issued a tropical storm watch from Punta Castilla eastward to the Nicaraguan border . A tropical storm watch means tropical storm conditions , including sustained winds of at least 39 mph , are possible within 48 hours . The depression was moving northwest at near 12 mph , and was expected to turn west-northwest Monday . "  On the forecast track , the center of the depression is expected to pass north of the northeastern coast of Honduras during the next couple of days , " the center said . The depression 's maximum sustained winds were at 35 mph , just shy of tropical storm strength , forecasters said . "  Gradual strengthening is expected during the next day or two and the depression is forecast to become a tropical storm tonight or Monday , " the center said . The depression is expected to dump 2 to 4 inches of rain over eastern Honduras , with isolated maximum amounts of 7 inches possible in some spots , according to the center . The forecast track shows the system brushing Belize as a tropical storm and making landfall near Chetumal , Mexico , on Friday . However , such long-range forecasts are subject to change .	The tropical depression is the 18th of the hurricane season It is forecast to become Tropical Storm Rina late Sunday or Monday A tropical storm watch is issued for portions of the Honduran coast
CNN  -- Snap out of that turkey coma and make plans for a little escape from the frenzy of holiday prep . Hotels and resorts are getting in on the Black Friday and Cyber Monday action with sales on upcoming stays , all bookable from the comfort of your own home . Here are a handful of hotel deals to get the traveler in you salivating : Harbor View Hotel Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts For savings on an island getaway just a hop off the East Coast , check out the Harbor View Hotel 's five-day flash sale . Starting on Wednesday at 5 p.m. through Cyber Monday , travelers can book three-night stays for 30 % off at this historic Martha 's Vineyard retreat . One and two-night stays will be available at 20 % off during the sale . The reduced rates are available for stays between November 30 and June 27 , based on availability . The hotel boasts ocean views and easy access to the shops and dining of Edgartown . The Benjamin New York Save up to 60 % off rooms at The Benjamin in New York during the hotel 's Cyber Monday sale , starting at 12 a.m. EST. . Nonrefundable rooms at this boutique hotel on 50th Street and Lexington Avenue will start at $ 199 for standard rooms , going up to $ 379 for a one-bedroom terrace suite complete with a separate living room and a kitchen area with full-sized refrigerator and microwave . Refundable rooms will start at $ 229 during the one-day sale . The discounted rates are available for stays through February 28 , 2013 , and are only offered online using the promotion code CYBER1 . Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Scottsdale , Arizona Heat up your holidays in Arizona with a discounted stay at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess , a AAA Five Diamond resort . Guests who book a minimum three-night stay for getaways between November 23 and December 30 will receive 50 % off during the sale running from Black Friday to Cyber Monday using the promotion code 2U850P  blackout dates December 5-7 , 15  . During the holidays the resort decks the halls and grounds with light displays and offers ice skating and rides on an electric train . Grand Lucayan , Bahamas Grand Bahama Island For a family-friendly island getaway close to the United States , the Grand Lucayan 's post-Thanksgiving sale offers great value . Savvy shoppers can save 60 % by booking between Black Friday and Cyber Monday for travel through September 30 , 2013 . Discounted rates start at $ 79 . The resort offers 542 guest rooms along a 7.5-acre beach plus dining , fitness , golf and water sports . Antigua , Barbados , St. Lucia Caribbean hotels Hotels in Barbados , Antigua and St. Lucia are banding together in a public-private partnership between the nations to offer 20 % discounts from Black Friday through Cyber Monday when rooms are booked through official destination marketing or hotel association websites . The 20 % savings , available at nearly 125 participating hotels across the three Caribbean nations , is applicable at properties at a full range of price points for stays through December 15 , 2013 , with no blackout dates . Book online at bookbarbadosnow.com , bookstlucianow.com or bookantiguanow.com . Share your Black Friday experience with CNN iReport	Hotels are getting in on Black Friday and Cyber Monday with discount offers Properties in the Caribbean are teaming up to offer 20 % off In New York , The Benjamin has discounted rates starting at $ 199 The Fairmont Scottsdale Princess is rolling out big discounts on three-night stays
CNN  -- China 's top foreign policy official met with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il Thursday and the two sides "  reached consensus " about defusing tensions on the Korean peninsula , officials said . The meeting marks the first between Kim and a top official from China since the flareup between the two Koreas . "  The two sides reached consensus on bilateral relations and the situation on the Korean Peninsula after candid and in-depth talks , " said Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu . She did not elaborate on what Kim discussed with the official , Dai Bingguo , during the latter 's visit to Pyongyang . Tensions on the Korean peninsula escalated following North Korea 's shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island last month , as well as the March sinking of a South Korean warship -- allegedly by a North Korean torpedo -- and recent revelations that it is enriching uranium for nuclear weapons . North Korean officials have been pushing for the resumption of six-party talks including China and Russia . China has also called for "  emergency " talks among all the six countries -- North Korea , South Korea , China , the United States , Japan and Russia -- to address the tensions on the Korean peninsula . But the United States has thus far refused , looking first for proof that North Korea is serious about not stoking military tensions and serious about stifling development of its nuclear program . For the second day in a row , the head of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff called on China to use its influence instead to rein in North Korea to prevent a full-blown crisis . China is North Korea 's strongest ally and largest trading partner . "  I actually believe that because these provocations continue and seemingly at a frequent interval , that the danger is going up and that steps must be taken to ensure that they stop , " he said at a news conference in Tokyo . "  Much of that volatility is owed to the reckless behavior of the North Korean regime , enabled by their friends in China . " CNN 's Jo Kent contributed to this report	NEW : Mullen calls North Korea 's behavior "  reckless " The meeting between the two nations is the first since the flareup Official : "  The two sides reached consensus " Mullen challenges China to use its influence with North Korea
CNN  -- The Obamacare website is open for business . But the Charlton Memorial Hospital in Folkston , Georgia , is closed . Because Republicans in half the states have blocked the expansion of Medicaid , funds to public hospitals with large uninsured populations have been slashed . So far , at least five public hospitals have been closed this year and 5,000 hospital employees have been laid off nationwide . The closures are expected to worsen in the coming years . In Georgia , as many as 15 more rural hospitals may close "  within months " and in Tennessee , which is putting off a decision on expanding Medicaid , almost half of the 61 rural hospitals in the state might face "  major cuts or closure . " This is a direct -- and disastrous -- consequence of Republicans ' ideological opposition to Obamacare . When the Affordable Care Act was originally passed , subsidies to hospitals with large uninsured "  charity care " populations were cut , figuring that the expansion of Medicaid under the law would replace this funding . But then the Supreme Court ruled that states could decide whether to expand Medicaid or not . Half the states have said they will not extend Medicaid or are putting off deciding . These are states mostly controlled by Republican governors , state legislatures , or both . There was really no downside to extending Medicaid to cover individuals who earn up to 133 % of the federal poverty level . The federal government is covering 100 % of the cost of Medicaid for the next two years and 90 % afterward . Columnist Josh Barro has pointed out the bind : "  W  hen Republican state officials decline to participate , they will have to explain to both medical providers and potential Medicaid beneficiaries that they turned down free federal money just to spite the President . " And yet the 25 states that have indeed refused Medicaid expansion will soon find they 're not just spiting the President but also their own citizens . The people who rely on these "  essential hospitals " are n't just low-income folks . Middle-class Americans who live in rural communities will have to travel 40 or 50 miles just to reach the nearest emergency room if these hospitals close their doors . According to Bloomberg News , Pam Renshaw crashed her four-wheeler in Folkston , Georgia , and suffered painful second - and third-degree burns on nearly half her body . But her local hospital had shut down . It took two hours for her to get to an ambulance center 20 miles away and then on to a hospital in Florida where she could get treatment . As more of these horror stories emerge and as more hospitals close , even the most diehard Republican voters in these rural communities wo n't care about ideological grandstanding . They 'll just want their hospitals open . On the heels of news of rural hospitals shuttering come reports that health care costs overall are falling and that the cost of Obamacare is expected to be billions of dollars less than expected . Of course , some of the decline in health care cost is certainly the result of a still-sluggish economy . Yet does anyone doubt that if health care costs had risen in the same period to even a fraction of a degree , Republicans would be screaming from the rooftops , blaming Obamacare ? We might not be able to expect fervent anti-Obamacare ideologues to act rationally in the face of facts -- but what we can expect is that their constituents will be even more vexed to see that as health care costs nationwide are falling , the hospitals on which they depend are closing . Desperate to try to blame everything and the weather on the Affordable Care Act , Republicans have tried to pin the cuts in subsidies to hospitals on the dynamics of the law alone . A spokesperson for Georgia 's Republican Gov. Nathan Deal blamed the Affordable Care Act for cutting subsidies to the hospitals that treat the uninsured while refusing to acknowledge the governor 's power to expand Medicaid at the state level and solve the entire crisis . You heard that right : Republicans like Deal , constantly railing against the federal government and clamoring for "  state 's rights , " are suddenly abdicating state responsibility and blaming the feds for not fixing the problem . It 's the same hypocritical dynamic at work in more than 30 states that have turned their roles in setting up health insurance exchanges over to the federal government . It seems Republicans want state authority when it comes to pushing their conservative agenda but not when it comes to providing basic health care and access to insurance for their residents . Not that Republicans at the federal level are any more responsible . Congress refused to pass a law that would have delayed the subsidy cuts for rural hospitals until more states decide whether they 're extending Medicaid . These acts of ideological intransigence by Republicans at the federal and state levels will not hurt Obamacare . The Affordable Care Act is the law of the land , its components are broadly popular with the majority of American people and it will only become more so as it is fully implemented and most people see the quality of their care go up as their costs go down . No , Republicans are only hurting their constituents -- folks in redder parts of red states who rely on rural hospitals for emergency room treatment , oncology visits , maternity wards and other basic care . Purely for ideological reasons , Republicans are creating a health care crisis -- in their own states . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	GOP states blocked expansion of Medicaid , and public hospitals are closing Sally Kohn : Medicaid expansion was meant to provide funding for these hospitals Kohn : Republicans put ideology over health care ; refused to delay cuts to hospitals Kohn : States trying to spite Obama will find they are only hurting their own people
CNN  -- Rafi Kopelan is a typical 5-year-old . She 's mastered Candyland . She 's learning to read . Given a choice , she 'd spend hours on the swings at the playground . But unlike her classmates , Rafi 's body is covered in blisters from her scalp to her feet . Her corneas are scratched . Her toes are fused together . And her esophagus is lined with so much scar tissue that she can barely swallow . That 's because Rafi was born with a rare connective tissue disorder called epidermolysis bullosa  EB  . The genetic disease causes her skin to break down in response to the slightest friction . Even minor contact -- the scratch of a fingernail , the tag on the back of her shirt -- causes her skin to tear or to erupt in blisters , leaving 75 % of her body covered in painful , open lesions . Likewise , EB ravages her organs , damaging her heart , eyes , teeth and esophagus . Virtually no part of her tiny body is left untouched . "  It 's literally the worst disease you 've never heard of , " said her father , Brett Kopelan . An estimated 15,000 children in the United States suffer from EB , according to the Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Research Association of America . The disease , which occurs when the body lacks the ability to produce a specific type of collagen , is so rare that few treatments exist . Eventually , EB proves fatal , either through organ failure , secondary skin cancer or infection . Worst of all , there is no cure . But in New York City , where Rafi lives , a group of neighborhood mothers is hoping to change that , and in doing so , they are helping to change the way rare disease research is funded in the United States . Group leaders Jill Arnold Pallad and Jamie Granet Bederman met the Kopelans when their children were enrolled at the Montclare Children 's School in Manhattan . Moved by Rafi 's struggle , they felt an urgency to act . "  I became consumed by it , " said Bederman , "  Here was this family in my neighborhood , who was so like my own , except that their little girl had an awful disease no one had heard of . " Armed with nothing more than their personal e-mail accounts and their networks on Facebook , they launched Rafi 's Run , an annual 5K that raises money for EB research . Last year , they raised $ 200,000 that went to Dr. Jakub Tolar , director of the Stem Cell Institute at the University Of Minnesota in Minneapolis , who conducts early-stage research on EB treatments . Bederman and Pallad were confident they could reach out online to find runners -- and donors -- who would participate . "  We had no media plan or press plan , and no big corporate fund , " said Bederman . "  We all just networked through our friends and family . " Sickle cell patient refuses to let disease define her "  Social media was huge in reaching people both inside and outside our community , " recalled Pallad . "  We all started fundraising pages , and it was amazing watching people come out of the woodwork . " While private foundations often funnel money into disease research , the ability of a community of people to come together so quickly and deliver funding directly to an early stage researcher is a newer phenomenon . Thirty years ago , the Orphan Drug Act provided financial incentives to pharmaceutical companies to develop treatments for rare diseases -- diseases that afflict fewer than 200,000 people . According to the National Organization of Rare Disorders , there are nearly 7,000 such diseases in the United States , affecting a total of 30 million people . Today , nearly 1 in 10 Americans are currently battling a rare disease . But while the Orphan Drug Act increased the amount of research into rare diseases , the field is still vastly underfunded . So , increasingly , individual patients and their private social networks of friends , co-workers and other casual affiliates are playing a vital role -- not just in raising awareness about a disease but in directing money into R&D for new therapies . Tolar applauds this type of fundraising . As a pediatric oncologist and stem cell transplant specialist , his area of focus was initially cancer research , but he saw a challenge -- and an unmet need -- in rare diseases like EB . A rare disease in the smallest of patients The transferability of his gene therapies from treating cancer to treating EB is an object lesson in itself , as a breakthrough in one disease often leads to new treatments in another . "  It is a misconception that rare disease research only helps a small number of patients , " said Tolar . "  Finding a treatment for a rare condition often informs treatment for a more common disease . " Still , Tolar admits that his greatest allies in finding support for his research are his patients and their families . "  To fund great leaps in research , there needs to be an urge to succeed , " said Tolar . "  We get this from parents , and patient communities . They are working every minute to find a cure . " Under his care in 2010 , Rafi was the eighth child in the world to undergo a stem cell transplant for treatment of EB . While it has n't cured her symptoms , the treatment was a success at the cellular level , as her bone marrow now produces the collagen that she had been unable to make on her own . Since then , Tolar has transplanted a total of 24 children with EB , and continues to conduct research in gene therapy for EB and other rare diseases . He describes the money from Rafi 's Run as vitally important to his work . "  The fact is , we need more brainpower to develop new therapies , " said Tolar . "  The more people who wake up in the morning and spend their entire day dedicated to studying EB , the faster we can move the research forward . " Living with a rare disease , making a difference Next month , the second annual Rafi 's Run will take place in New York . Bederman and Pallad are hoping to match last year 's total and look forward to once again putting the money in the hands of an early-stage researcher . In the meantime , the Kopelans continue treating Rafi 's disease . To fight the high risk of infection that comes from having so many open wounds , Rafi endures a daily bath in a solution of diluted bleach , followed by an application of specialized bandages . From start to finish , it takes two hours , and the pain it causes Rafi is excruciating . "  It 's physically and emotionally exhausting , " said Jackie Kopelan , Rafi 's mother . "  I wish we had more hugs and kisses than baths and bandages . "	5-year-old Rafi Kopelan suffers from a rare connective tissue disorder A group of moms banded together and used social media to create Rafi 's Run Last year the run raised more than $ 200,000 for medical research
CNN  -- A contrite Richard Heene , whose plan for fame went awry after he and his wife falsely reported that their son was drifting over eastern Colorado in a balloon , apologized Wednesday to a judge . "  I 'm very , very sorry . And I want to apologize to all the rescue workers out there and the people who got involved in the community . That 's it , " Heene said quietly at his sentencing . His wife , Mayumi , sat quietly and declined to speak . Larimer County Judge Stephen Schapanski , who chose to adhere to a plea agreement , sentenced Richard Heene to 90 days in custody , to begin January 11 . Heene can spend the last 60 days of the sentence in a work release program but must return to the jail at night , the judge said . Heene will be on probation for four years and must complete 100 hours of community service each year during that period . Mayumi Heene was sentenced to 20 days in jail -- less than the 60 days sought by prosecutors . The judge said her term would begin after her husband 's jail sentence ends , so at least one of them can be with their children during that time . She was given the option of serving her time over 10 weekends . She also received four years ' probation and must perform 120 hours of community service . The couple also must pay restitution , but no exact amount was announced in court . The judge ordered that they not benefit financially from the incident . Prosecutor Andrew Lewis outlined for the court episodes that demonstrate the extensive planning he said occurred before the October 15 balloon flight , which was aimed at generating publicity for the couple , who sought a reality TV show . "  One of those episodes had to do with filling up a weather balloon with helium that looked like a flying saucer and making it move through electric charges , " Lewis said . The episodes were discovered when authorities searched the Heenes ' home . Lewis said that a few weeks before the incident , the Heenes were told that no one was showing interest in their program proposal . He added that the couple was having trouble paying their bills . Once the balloon was aloft , Richard Heene called the Federal Aviation Administration twice and a television station , Lewis said . Heene told everyone that his 6-year-old son , Falcon , was aboard the balloon . Multiple agencies , among them the National Guard , sheriff 's and fire departments , and the U.S. Forest Service , swarmed over the area to track the balloon . The Larimer County Sheriff 's Department tallied the cost , including the hours spent on the investigation , to be at least $ 47,000 . In addition , the FAA plans to impose an $ 11,000 fine . According to the judge , traffic at Denver International Airport was delayed during the incident . The balloon landed about 15 miles east of there , Schapanski said . The child was not found on the balloon ; he came out of hiding at his parents ' home several hours later . Meanwhile , TV viewers were "  transfixed " by the saga , he said . "  This clearly was a planned event . " "  In summary , what this case is about is deception -- exploitation of the children of the Heenes , exploitation of the media , exploitation of the emotions of the people -- and it 's about money . This was all done for the purpose of making money , " Schapanski said . The Heenes pleaded guilty last month . Richard Heene was charged with the felony of attempting to influence a public servant , and his wife faced a misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities . Richard Heene 's attorney , David Lane , said his client has expressed remorse and accepted full responsibility for what happened . He tried to convince the judge that Richard Heene did n't deserve jail time because there was no violence involved . On his client 's behalf , Lane asked that Mayumi Heene not go to jail . "  That is his primary concern . He has taken full and complete responsibility . Do not send his wife to jail . That is his plea , " Lane said . According to the wife 's attorney , the couple is hated because of what happened . "  It 's nothing that anybody should wish on anyone else , " he said .	Richard Heene sentenced to 90 days ; his wife to 20 days in jail Prosecutor : Search-and-rescue launched after incident cost at least $ 47,000 Heenes told authorities child was blown away inside balloon ; it turned out to be a hoax Judge orders that Heenes not benefit financially from the incident
A 62-year-old evacuee from Fukushima Prefecture made a brief visit to his radiation-contaminated home , walked to his shuttered shop , and then hanged himself in a storage space . The death is yet another sad reminder how the March 11 , 2011 , disaster in Japan continues to claim victims . On that day , a magnitude-9 earthquake triggered a tsunami which swamped the Fukushima Daiichi plant , knocking out power to cooling systems and leading to meltdowns in its three operating reactors . The earthquake and tsunami left more than 15,000 dead . While no deaths have been directly attributed to the nuclear disaster , the resulting release of radioactivity forced residents of several towns near the plant to flee their homes , and a 20-kilometer  12.5-mile  zone around the plant remains closed to the public . The man , who was not named by police , was one of tens of thousands who were evacuated from the area . He and his wife were briefly granted entry into the exclusion zone around the plant on Sunday , to visit their home and their small store , police said . After the wife reported him missing , officers and volunteer firefighters in the town of Namie organized a search , police said . The following day , firefighters found the man 's body in his store 's storage shed . Naka Shimizu , a local government spokesman and a friend of the victim , told CNN that when he heard the reports that the man was missing , he feared the man had killed himself . "  There are so many people  in my town  who have lost hope . This affects their health , " he said . Shimizu , an evacuee himself , expressed frustration over the plight of the 70,000 evacuees of the nuclear disaster and the governmental paralysis in caring for the people of his town . Shimizu pointed the finger at the national government , saying Tokyo 's leaders just want to get the town to accept radiation-contaminated debris on an interim basis , without offering any long-term plan to manage all the evacuees . The evacuees have yet to receive any sizable compensation or a timetable on when , or if , they 'll ever be able to return to their homes , he said . "  The people of Namie are increasingly depressed about the future . We do n't have a clear future or see any achievable targets , " said Shimizu . He said he knew of four or five people in Namie who had committed suicide and more than 100 who had died of illness during the evacuation . Japanese media reported the man complained of insomnia from the stress of the evacuation and his inability to make a living .	Evacuee from Fukushima commits suicide after brief visit to contaminated home He was one of tens of thousands who were evacuated After his wife reported him missing , he was found dead in his store 's shed "  There are so many people  in my town  who have lost hope , " his friend says
CNN  -- New York 's governor , citing questions about the driver 's "  criminal record and driving history , " on Monday ordered the state 's inspector general to investigate how a Brooklyn man got licensed to drive a bus that crashed over the weekend , leading to the deaths of 15 people . The driver , 40-year-old Ophadell Williams , has not been charged . Police said Williams told investigators that the incident occurred early Saturday after he swerved to avoid a tractor-trailer that might have clipped the bus . The bus then flipped on its side and smashed into the poles , which cut through two-thirds of the vehicle . Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed Inspector General Ellen Biben to "  commence an immediate investigation " in light of issues related to Williams ' "  criminal record and driving history . " In a statement , Cuomo questioned why Williams was able to get and keep a commercial driver 's license . Staff from the inspector general 's office will coordinate with the New York state police , as well as the Bronx district attorney 's office , in the investigation , according to Cuomo . Williams fatally stabbed a man about 20 years ago , leading to a manslaughter conviction , said New York Department of Correctional Services spokeswoman Linda Foglia . He served three of the nine years he was sentenced , from 1992 to 1994 . He was later convicted of grand larceny , leading him to spend parts of the years 1998 to 2002 behind bars , according to Foglia . A New York City official said Monday that a 15th person had died because of injuries related to the crash , which took place in the Bronx , about 5:30 a.m. on a stretch of I-95 called the New England Thruway not far from Westchester County . The bus had left the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino in Uncasville , Connecticut , and was bound for Chinatown in Manhattan , according to news reports . Along with those killed , at least seven of the 31 passengers suffered severe injuries and were transported to area hospitals with the remaining survivors . At least five people being treated at New York 's St. Barnabas Hospital suffered skull and spinal fractures , internal bleeding and broken bones , Dr. Ernest Patti told reporters . Williams suffered "  non-life threatening injuries , " police said . Police recovered a tractor-trailer that was traveling through the area at the time and interviewed its driver . The driver of the tractor-trailer denied that two vehicles collided before the bus crashed , a law enforcement source told CNN . Federal investigators are considering other potential causes of the crash , including mechanical problems , steering and brake issues as well as the possibility the driver fell asleep . Some surviving passengers , according to news reports , told police that they felt the bus roll over rumble strips before the crash . At a Sunday afternoon press conference , National Transportation Safety Board Vice-Chairman Christopher Hart said investigators are looking for video recordings taken at the casino and , possibly , an electronic hotel key card that might track some of Williams ' activities within 72 hours of the accident . Investigators previously admitted they are examining Williams ' background and testing his blood for the presence of alcohol . Police officials also have said they are looking into the possibility that Williams had been speeding prior to the accident . Two UPS couriers told CNN affiliate WABC-TV that they twice saw the bus traveling very fast on the highway before the accident . In addition , records on the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration website show that the bus line involved -- World Wide Travel -- was involved in a crash in New York in 2009 that resulted in one injury , and a crash in New Jersey in 2010 resulting in one injury . The company has been cited five times for "  fatigued driving " between December 2009 and October 2010 -- twice in in New Jersey , twice in Pennsylvania and once in Connecticut , records show .	Gov. Cuomo has ordered an investigation into a bus crash that left 15 dead He cited questions about how the bus driver got a commercial driver 's license Ophadell Williams had served time for manslaughter and grand larceny , an official says He claims he swerved to avoid a tractor-trailer ; he has n't been charged
CNN  -- Amateur football games across the Netherlands have been canceled this weekend in tribute to a volunteer soccer official whose beating death allegedly by teenage players has shocked the country . A minute 's silence also will be observed before all professional games this weekend , the Dutch Football Association , KNVB , said in a statement . Players and match officials taking part in those games will wear black armbands , it said . KNVB also has taken out large ads in newspapers with the message , "  Without respect , no football . " The ads say that respect is "  more than a word " and calls on people to show that they are against violence . The cancellation affects 33,000 amateur games that would have been played over the weekend , according to Dutch public media . Two 15-year-olds and a 16-year-old -- all Amsterdam club Nieuw Sloten players -- have been charged by Dutch police following the death of 41-year-old linesman Richard Nieuwenhuizen . Nieuwenhuizen 's son was playing in the match for his club , Buitenboys , when the incident occurred in the city of Almere on Sunday . The linesman reportedly fell into a coma after he was beaten . He died the next day . The Dutch football association said it was encouraging clubs to open their doors and talk to each other about the tragedy . A Facebook page has been set up to allow players and fans to share their ideas , it said in a statement , and many amateur clubs are gathering people together this weekend to pay tribute to Nieuwenhuizen . "  It is unbelievable that something like this can happen on a football field , " said Bert van Oostveen , the association 's director of professional football . "  These are the volunteers our sport is built on , who we ca n't do without . "  Without respect , there is no football . This is also why we want to pay attention to this terrible situation . Our thoughts go out to Richard Nieuwenhuizen 's relatives . " The football association said it had decided to go ahead with the weekend 's professional matches so that fans and players would join together in a moment of remembrance and think about how to prevent such a tragedy recurring . "  The association can not solve this problem alone . It can not be solved only on the football field ; there is no easy solution . A broad effort is needed , from government , schools , clubs , but certainly also from parents , " said Anton Binnenmars , director of amateur football . Nieuwenhuizen 's death resonated across the globe , with FIFA President Sepp Blatter among those extending condolences . "  Football is a mirror of society , and sadly the same ills that afflict society -- in this case violence -- also manifest themselves in our game , " said Blatter , according to a statement on fifa.com . "  Nevertheless , I remain convinced that football -- through the example set by the tireless efforts of people like Mr. Nieuwenhuizen -- is a force for good , and we must continue to use its positive example to educate people against these wrongs . " On its website Nieuw Sloten said it was "  deeply shocked " by Nieuwenhuizen 's death , adding that it would ban for life the players found to be responsible , pull its team from the league and temporarily suspend all operations as a club . "  Violence should not be on the football fields , " said a statement on the Nieuw Sloten website . "  And certainly not against referees , linesmen and all those others who volunteer each year to help over a million amateur footballers . We must do everything possible to eliminate these excesses . " Despite a population of 17.5 million , Holland has built an outstanding reputation for developing young footballers over the years , with its amateur youth clubs providing a strong breeding ground for the country 's professional clubs . CNN 's Gary Morley contributed to this report .	All amateur games are canceled this weekend , the Dutch football association says A minute 's silence will be held before professional games in tribute to the linesman Three teenagers have been charged in the death of the linesman A Dutch newspaper ad says , "  Without respect , no football "
CNN  -- A South Florida teenager accused of killing and mutilating 19 cats excitedly described to police how he dissected cats in class , and where to find cats for experimentation , according to police . Tyler Weinman laughed when police told him they had information he was the cat killer , an arrest document said . When Miami-Dade police told Tyler Hayes Weinman someone was killing cats in the neighborhood , the 18-year-old reacted by laughing , according to a newly released arrest affidavit made public Monday . Most of the cats were found in their owners ' yards . "  One appeared to be posed with a slit down the middle of its stomach , " the affidavit states . On Monday , Weinman pleaded not guilty to more than 40 criminal counts , including multiple charges of felony animal cruelty and burglary . He is out of jail on $ 249,500 bond and under house arrest wearing an electronic monitor , but is being held for 48 hours for a psychiatric evaluation . The teen 's attorney David Macey said there was a "  lynch mob " after his innocent client and accused Judge Mindy Glazer of "  prejudging " Weinman . "  He did not kill the cats , " Macey told reporters outside the courtroom . "  The individual who committed this crime is still running around out there . " The arrest affidavit , which a judge gave prosecutors until Monday to make public , reads like a grisly horror movie and indicates Weinman was knowledgeable of and fascinated with dissection of cats . During questioning , according to the affidavit , a detective told the teenager that police were informed he was involved in the cat slayings . Weinman replied he heard about the cats and that he told his mother . He told police that a school he had been expelled from was the only school in Miami-Dade that taught how to dissect using cats , according to the affidavit . The teenager went on to offer several other bizarre and unsubstantiated trivia , including saying that Mexico is the only source for cats used for dissection and describing their size . Weinman "  became excited and animated " as he told the detective about cat dissection research he had discovered on the Internet , the affidavit states . "  Weinman was asked to expound on what he meant and he repeated , with noted excitement , ` It just makes a certain sound , a tearing sound , " says the affidavit . The detective asked Weinman what tools might be used to commit animal cruelty , and teenager replied , "  I do n't know , but I 'm sure they are very well hidden . " How did he think the cats were being captured ? The teen answered , "  They have to be either tranquilized or poisoned . " Weinman came to the attention of authorities in late April , the affidavit states , as cats began to go missing in a suburban Dade County neighborhood called Whispering Pines just outside Miami , Florida . Police had a few times seen Weinman walking and skateboarding in the middle of the night in the area , at least once wearing black clothing and carrying a dark backpack . Detectives stopped the teenager and told him about the dead cats . Weinman responded by laughing , according to the arrest affidavit . He was not held at that time . In May , the teenager was pulled over for a traffic violation and police found a "  cutting instrument " on the ground beside his car . According to the affidavit , as an officer questioned the teen , he noticed what appeared to be a cat scratch on his arm . "  I got them from a stray cat that I feed at my mom 's house , " Weinman said . The teen "  was eager to show " the scratches and took off his shirt so that photographs could be taken , according to the questioning detective 's account , which is detailed in the affidavit . The teenager 's divorced parents lived in separate neighborhoods , according to police . His mother resides in Cutler Bay . His father lives in Palmetto Bay , further north of Miami . According to the arrest affidavit , shortly after the teenager talked to police about dissecting cats , he went to live with his father who restricted his son 's access to a car . The killings shifted north as eight dead cats turned up in Palmetto Bay , police said . At that point , police provided the teen 's profile to the Miami-Dade Police Department 's Psychological Services Section . Staff doctors met and discussed the case . They determined that the cat killer was likely male and suffered from some kind of conduct disorder . If the killer was an adult , they concluded , that person would be classified as a sociopath . In late May , police then got a court order to place a tracking device on the Honda Civic driven by Weinman . The affidavit states the car was tracked to the latest feline victim which had been skinned along the abdomen from the pelvic area to the hind legs . The pelt and genitalia were missing . The cat killings became headline news across the country . Around that time , Weinman joined a Facebook page called "  Catch-The-Cat-Killer . " The teenager is charged with 19 counts of felony animal cruelty , 19 counts of improperly disposing of an animal body and four counts of burglary . He 's pleaded not guilty to all of the charges . Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .	Police : Tyler Weinman described research he did on finding cats to dissect Affidavit : 18-year-old laughed when police asked him about being the cat killer Weinman is charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty and is on house arrest
Mumbai , India  CNN  -- The only surviving gunman in the 2008 Mumbai attacks will be sentenced Thursday , the judge at his trial said Tuesday . Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , was convicted Monday of murder , conspiracy , and waging war on India . The prosecution is calling for him to face the death penalty . More than 160 people were killed in Mumbai during the three-day siege in November 2008 , as 10 men attacked buildings including the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels , the city 's historic Victoria Terminus train station , and the Jewish cultural center , Chabad House . Kasab was photographed holding an assault weapon during the attacks . India blamed the attacks on the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda . Authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on India 's parliament . The group denied responsibility . Indian forces killed nine suspects in the attack . Their bodies were embalmed and kept in a hospital morgue as some local Muslim groups refused to bury them in their graveyards , saying the attackers were not true followers of Islam . An Indian official in Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located , has said a burial took place in January this year . He did not give the date or the exact location of what he described as a secret funeral . Two Indian nationals accused of conspiracy were acquitted in the trial . The prosecutor said he would fight their acquittals .	Mohammed Ajmal Kasab was found guilty of murder , conspiracy and waging war More than 160 people killed from November 2008 attack on various Mumbai sites India blames Lashkar-e-Tayyiba for attacks ; group denies responsibility
CNN  -- The Space Shuttle Discovery launched late Thursday afternoon from Kennedy Space Center in Florida , marking the start of its 39th and final flight . "  This was a pretty successful day , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA 's associate administrator for space operations . "  It was just an amazing event . " The six-member crew will deliver a storage module , a science rig and spare parts to the international space station during its 11-day mission . Originally scheduled for November , Discovery 's launch had been delayed in order to make repairs to the external tank 's support beams . And NASA halted its countdown on Thursday , at five minutes , because of a computer problem related to safety on the "  eastern range . " But after a confirmation that all was good to go , the countdown resumed , and the shuttle lifted off about three minutes behind its planned 4:50 p.m. ET launch . Five minutes in , NASA 's official blog reported "  a good separation for solid rocket boosters , " which separated from the main shuttle after pushing the shuttle through Earth 's lower atmosphere . Shortly thereafter , the blog reported that the Discovery and its astronauts were "  safely in orbit , " having "  performed flawlessly " on its launch . Gerstenmaier noted , and video showed , four pieces of foam tearing apart from the shuttle about four minutes into launch . But the NASA administrator called these incidents "  typical " and likely harmless , since they came off "  after the area of concern " when the atmosphere was so thin to make its impact negligible . The crew is headed by Steve Lindsey , and includes a late addition in Steve Bowen -- who became the first ever astronaut to fly consecutive missions after he was assigned to take the place of Tim Kopra , when Kopra was injured last month in a bicycle accident , according to NASA . Prior to Thursday 's launch , Discovery had spent 352 days in orbit , circling the Earth 5,628 times . It has also carried 246 crew members , more than any space vehicle in history . "  In a way , it 's ... sad to see the last flight , " said astronaut Steven Swanson . "  It 's such a wonderful vehicle . " The last scheduled launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour is set for April 19 and will be commanded by Mark Kelly , the husband of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who is recovering from being shot last month in Tucson , Arizona . Atlantis is tentatively scheduled to launch during the summer . The 30-year shuttle program should have ended a long time ago , NASA 's administrator told CNN on Wednesday . "  What is not acceptable is the fact that the most powerful nation in the world , the United States of America , finds itself in a situation that we did n't do the proper planning to have a vehicle in place to replace shuttle when it lands its last landing , " Charles Bolden said . Bolden hopes that at least two commercial space companies will emerge to transport astronauts to the International Space Station . This will allow NASA to concentrate on building a new heavy-lift rocket capable of leaving lower Earth orbit .	NEW : A NASA official describes Thursday 's launch as "  an amazing event " NEW : The 4 pieces of foam that fell off the shuttle are n't considered dangerous Discovery , on its 39th flight , is part of a shuttle fleet that is being retired Its crew will deliver a storage module and other items to the space station
New York  CNN  -- Get in line , have your money ready and move to your extreme left -- Al Yeganeh , "  the Original SoupMan , " is back . He reopened his famed soup store Tuesday in midtown Manhattan . Yeganeh and his Soup Kitchen International first rose to fame after he was caricatured in the long-running NBC-TV show "  Seinfeld " as the "  Soup Nazi , " a cranky and demanding soup-stand cook who bellowed "  No soup for you ! " to customers who did n't follow his strict rules for ordering . Yeganeh , who first opened his shop in 1984 , closed the store six years ago , but kept the lease to pursue franchise opportunities and a line of frozen soups with the Original SoupMan brand . Loyalty to the brand apparently has not faltered . Avid soup fans lined up around the block Tuesday during New York 's steamy heat wave to get a taste . Greg Packer secured the first spot in line by getting to the storefront at 5 a.m. "  I love Al. . I love soup . And I ca n't wait for that first bowl of soup , " said Packer , who chose chicken vegetable . Daniel Hank , also in the line , said he did n't care if it was 90 degrees or 90 below outside -- he would wait for his favorite soup , the lobster bisque . "  It 's like there 's an entire lobster in the cup . You open up the top and a claw comes out and strangles your taste buds . It 's so special , " Hank said . Chef Dan Rubano , who mentored with Yeganeh , was at the store a day before its opening , helping to set things up . "  We are keeping the original recipes and adding more to the menu , " Rubano said . Although Yeganeh did n't stop by for opening , Rubano said he 's expected to make sporadic appearances . According to the "  Seinfeld " Web site , Yeganeh was at first unhappy with the publicity from the "  Soup Nazi " episode and was quoted as saying he threatened to "  smack " comedian Jerry Seinfeld 's face . Seinfeld , whose title character was banned during the "  Soup Nazi " episode , declined to comment on the store 's reopening . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Soup Kitchen International reopened Tuesday Al Yeganeh was made famous in an episode of "  Seinfeld " His midtown Manhattan store had been closed for 6 years Yeganeh is expected to make sporadic appearances at the store
CNN  -- It seats two people , has a sleek retractable roof and runs on electric power . And its body can be 3D printed in a single piece . Meet the Strati , the concept vehicle that was selected from more than 200 entries as the winner of the 3D Printed Car Design Challenge -- back in mid-April , US-based company Local Motors invited designers from around the world to submit their concepts for a car that can be manufactured using 3D printing . Developed by Italian designer Michele Anoe , the Strati will now form the basis of a car that will be printed out live and assembled from scratch at the International Manufacturing Technology Show in Chicago in September . The judges chose Anoe 's design for its compatibility with existing 3D printing technologies and explained it offered "  an excellent balance between innovation , complexity and practicality . " The final prototype will make use of the electric powertrain from a Renault Twizy , but its structural chassis will be printed in one single piece . Elements like the seats , the dashboard , the boot and the bonnet will also be 3D printed during September 's show . Anoe wo n't just see his car brought to life , he 'll also receive $ 5,000 for his winning design . Read this : Is your flying car finally here ? Local Motors , a crowd-sourced car maker , has already developed a working model to check the process and has also released a video of its first test drive . "  It look us less than 40 hours to print one car and less than four days to assemble the first prototype which is an unbelievably short amount of time , " says Jay Rogers , chief executive of Local Motors , which has been building off-road desert racers and electric-powered drift trikes for seven years now . "  By the end of this summer it will be less than 20 hours of printing , and we believe we can get it down to less than an hour of assembly by two people -- what this means is that is really the first production 3D printed car when you can reach those numbers , " he continues . "  Our goal in the end is to be radically different about the creation of cars ; we sort of commonly say a car today is over 20,000 parts -- we would like cars of the future to have less than 20 parts . " Six additional entries were also recognized and their designers received awarded with $ 1,000 . Local Motors says that some elements of these concepts could also found their way into the final prototype . Click through the gallery above to see the winning concepts . More from On the Move Read this : Is your flying car finally here ?	Local Motors has announced the winners of its 3D Printed Car Design Challenge Italian design Michele Anoe took the top $ 5,000 prize for his Strati concept His design will influence the car that will be printed at the International Manufacturing Technology Show The tech event will take place in Chicago in September
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At the peak of Pakistan 's relentless downpours , a year 's worth of rain fell in a day , disrupting the lives of 15 million men , women and children across the country . They might have otherwise have been celebrating fast-breaking feasts every evening during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . And in two days , they might have celebrated independence -- Pakistan was partitioned off from India on August 14 , 1947 , a date observed with immense national pride . Instead , Pakistanis this year will be surrounded by the effects of the worst natural calamity since its creation , immersed literally in a uniquely dynamic disaster unlike anything they have seen before . Thursday , almost two weeks into the crisis , President Asif Ali Zardari finally got a firsthand look . He had been away in Europe during the worst of the flooding , an absence that was deeply felt in Pakistan . He and his government came under blistering criticism for a perceived lack of action in helping those in need . Presidential spokeswoman Farahnaz Ispahani said the criticism of Zardari was unfair and that he has been involved from the start in directing relief efforts . "  The president has always been concerned with the welfare of Pakistan 's people , notwithstanding the venomous propaganda of his opponents , " Ispahani said . "  His visit to flood-affected areas should effectively shut up those who would rather play politics than focus on helping those uprooted by raging waters . " But while the government defended its response , the scale of human misery started to become all the more apparent . The death toll climbed Thursday to 1,343 , the Pakistan Disaster Authority said . Another 1,588 people have been injured and 352,291 people have been rescued . More than 722,600 houses and 4,600 villages have been damaged or destroyed . More people have been affected in the flooding than in the 2005 Pakistan earthquakes , the 2004 Indonesia tsunami and the January earthquake in Haiti combined . In the mountainous north , water funneled down treacherous slopes , quickly engulfing the roads below . It surged down the mighty Indus River , spreading economic , political and social woes through the heart of Pakistan . The fetid stench of death filled the air in many places where mere seconds of unstoppable water ended lives . Those who bore witness , even those who thought they had seen everything in this land marred by crisis and killing , were baffled by the suffering wrought by the monsoons . Public health officials fear a second wave of deaths that might be caused by waterborne diseases if action is not taken quickly enough . More than 1 million Pakistanis are in need of clean water . Dr. Shahid Iqbal already is struggling to keep up with the demand for medical attention , so many people are sick with diarrhea and acute gastroenteritis . "  We are facing much of the problems with the drinking water , because there is no electricity , " he said . Towns such as Nowshera , in northwestern Pakistan , have been particularly hard hit . The stagnant water forced tens of thousands into temporary government camps . Shar Ali , 60 , shares a flooded tent with eight family members after losing everything -- his house , all his possessions . His family survived with only the clothes on their back . The United Nations estimated that 6 million Pakistanis are , like Ali , in direct need of emergency aid , mainly food . Ali said food has been distributed in Nowshera , but in chaotic conditions . No one in this squalid camp of 18,000 people wants to miss getting their hands on the last few bags of rice . Further north , at Chagdarra , lies another common challenge . Like 278 other crossings in the province , the Chagderra bridge was swept away by the sudden torrent . Dump trucks are trying to close the gap . And men are finishing a suspension bridge so people and supplies can get to the other side . In Mingora , Reza Khan picks through the bricks that used to be his house . He and his 7-year-old daughter Samreen are suddenly homeless -- they will have to find somewhere to sleep here , amid the wreckage and rubble . Pakistani soldiers are already familiar with the towns and villages that dot the Swat Valley . Last year , they fought fiercely to regain control of the from the Taliban . The task at hand is daunting in a different way . The Taliban may have gone , but Islamist charities with alleged links to terrorist groups are handing out food and , with it , a clear message . "  The government is not working properly . That is why the people are working on their own self , so we are also from those people and we are joining hands with those people , " said one man who did not want to be identified . Four U.S. Army Chinook helicopters arrived here from Afghanistan to help deliver aid , competing with the Islamist charities . A silver ribbon of destruction guides them to the farthest reaches of the Swat Valley towards Kalam . The Chinook crew can see the rippled bridges and vast swaths of land eviscerated by water , scoured clean of vegetation , buildings and people . What lies below is a landscape robbed of color , robbed of signs of life . The town of Kalam was once the Shangri-La of the Hindu Kush . Now the tourist destination is hell on Earth . The Americans unload bags of flour . For desperate recipients , the Chinooks are a lifeline . The aid situation is complicated by the fact that the humanitarian agencies are themselves victims of the flood . The International Red Cross warehouse outside Nowshera should have been a busy distribution hub . Instead , it sits under several feet of water . At its height , the water was three times deeper than it is now . It soaked 25,000 canvas tents in sewage-polluted water . The Red Cross had supplies worth $ 15 million in the warehouse . Officials do n't know how much they will be able to salvage . "  It makes me sad . The idea of pre-positioning stock is to allow us to move quickly with distribution of relief items , and this is back to square one , so to speak , " said Felix De Vries , of the Red Cross . At a nearby camp , Basree could use a few of the Red Cross supplies . She is 70 and shivering outside a makeshift shelter . "  We only managed to get our children out of the house , we have nothing literally nothing the only help we get is from members of the public , " said Basree 's grandson . Some people are so desperate that they have offered their children to strangers , hoping they 'll take them away from all this . Others worry how they will feed their families with so many crops submerged and prices of tomatoes , cucumbers and other vegetables and fruits soaring in the markets . "  The crop has been lost and it is a race against time to ensure the next sowing season can be met , " said Jean-Maurice Ripert , the United Nations special envoy . For now , though , the immediate focus is on evacuation . Between breaks in the weather , men , women and children rush onto helicopters . Some are clearly terrified about their first flight , even though they know it will take them to safety . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Public officials fear a second wave of deaths from contaminated water President Asif Ali Zardari was criticized for being away from Pakistan The death toll now tops 1,343 , Pakistani authorities say Cost to restore the nationa 's agriculture sector may be in the billions
CNN  -- Explorer Dennis Schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near Greenland . Fishermen pass by Greenland 's Ilulissat fjord in this September 2004 picture . Such a discovery would usually elicit curiosity , even wonder perhaps , but it evoked mixed feelings for the explorer . The island was once thought to be a peninsula attached to Greenland by an ice shelf or a glacier . But such a large amount of ice melted , it revealed the distinct island . "  I very quickly realized two things , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper during a visit to the island earlier this year . "  One -LSB- was -RSB- that this was going to be significant because it was going to be an example of climate change . " "  The other thing was that it meant it was really happening . It was n't a joke . It was n't just statistics . It was really happening . " He calls his discovery Warming Island . Many climatologists and scientists say arctic ice melt and other changes in the Earth 's climate are the result of an increase in the world 's temperature , a trend widely called global warming . Many global warming experts say the phenomenon , if unchecked , is capable of altering the world 's climate and geography . In the worst-case scenario , experts say oceans could rise to overwhelming and catastrophic levels , flooding cities and altering seashores . Other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life . Most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring across the globe and through some layers of the atmosphere . But why it is occurring and what that means for the future is scientifically and politically contentious . The Earth 's temperature averages about 60 degrees Fahrenheit  about 16 degrees Celsius  . The average surface temperature has warmed one degree Fahrenheit  0.6 degrees Celsius  during the last century , according to the National Research Council . The temperatures were relatively unchanged from 1880 to 1910 , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . They rose till about 1945 , cooled until about 1975 and have risen steadily to present day . There are several possible reasons for the warming , scientists say . A change in the Earth 's orbit or the intensity of the sun 's radiation could change , triggering warming or cooling . The reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , commonly referred to as the IPCC . The presence of methane is now 151 percent above pre-industrial levels , but the rate of increase has slowed in recent decades , according to the EPA . Meanwhile , nitrous oxide increased by about 18 percent during the past 200 years . Many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities , like the burning of fossil fuels , emissions from vehicles and the clearing of forests . "  For the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , " Stephen Schneider , a professor of environmental studies at Stanford University in California , said . "  A vast bulk of the knowledgeable and honest community ... will say the science is settled and humans are at least a majority of the reason behind the warming , " he added . Many scientific organizations share Schneider 's view , ranging from the national academies of the countries that comprise the G8 to the National Research Council , the American Meteorological Society and the American Geophysical Union . But there are those who do not share his view , and among the skeptics is Richard Lindzen , a professor of atmospheric sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  We 've suddenly taken to reading tea leaves , " he said . "  When we saw cooling from 1940 to 1970 , we were proclaiming global cooling . Since then , there 's been a few tenths of global warming , so we 're proclaiming global warming . " He believes the current warming trend is the result of natural variability , where a planet goes through phases of warming and cooling and the human contribution to it is minimal . "  The Earth is always getting colder and warmer , " he said . "  It 's always changing . In fact , this is true of any fluid-covered planet . " Asked about glacial melt , which many observers point to as evidence of global warming , Lindzen said the way glaciers change and move are phenomena largely unexplained . "  We do n't know why , but it 's perfectly clear that glaciers change even though the temperature is cooling at the place that they 've occurred , " he said . "  What we 're doing is cherry picking any event that occurs and then saying that 's occurring due to global warming . " Yet , for Schneider , it is a cause for concern and alarm . "  We 're already in serious melt , nobody can explain it . The models do n't predict it , " he said . "  We do n't know what 's going on up there . All we know is that we could be triggering something really nasty . " The greatest point of contention is the possible implications for future political and economic policies for the world 's nations . The IPCC in February 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit  2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius  by 2100 . The lower end of the range could cause more intense hurricanes , droughts , wildfires and flooding , Schneider said . The higher end could lead to the catastrophes commonly associated with the visions of Hollywood filmmakers . Uncertainties , however , plague such forecasts , which are based on computer simulations and models . The models contemplate factors associated with how the atmosphere , oceans and continents interact , all natural elements that have unpredictability intrinsic to them . "  Exactly how much it 's going to warm up , we do n't know , " Schneider said . "  That it 's going to warm up ? I 'd bet anything on that . " E-mail to a friend	Earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years Majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise Some critics say planets often in periods of warming or cooling
CNN  -- An armed group detained 43 U.N. peacekeepers in Syria near the country 's only border crossing with the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights early Thursday , a day after militants took the crossing from the Syrian regime , the United Nations said . Those holding the peacekeepers are members of the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , one of the groups fighting the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , an Israeli military official told CNN on condition of anonymity . "  The United Nations is making every effort to secure the release of the detained peacekeepers , and to restore the full freedom of movement of the force throughout its area of operation , " the U.N. said in a news release . The 43 peacekeepers , all from Fiji , are part of a U.N. operation that has been in the Golan Heights area since 1974 , charged with maintaining a ceasefire between Syrian and Israeli forces since a 1973 war , the United Nations said . They were detained Thursday morning near the Syrian town of Quneitra , the location of the border crossing that rebels had captured , according to the United Nations . In addition , 81 U.N. peacekeepers from the Philippines were being "  restricted to their positions " Thursday near villages in the area , the U.N. said without elaborating . Al-Nusra Front fighters and other Syrian rebels seized control of the Syrian side of the Quneitra crossing Wednesday -- a capture that represents a new dynamic in a war long feared not only for its deadly effects inside Syria but for threatening to widen into a destabilizing regional conflict . Fighting appeared to continue Thursday . From the Israeli-occupied side of the Golan Heights , a CNN crew could hear intense small-arms fire coming from the old town of Quneitra around noon . The crew also could see gunmen -- apparently rebels -- at a checkpoint on the Syrian side of the crossing . A Syrian flag that had been at the checkpoint was no longer there . The Israeli military has closed the area it controls around the border crossing . Cross-border shelling During the fighting Wednesday between Syrian forces and rebels , three errant mortar rounds and some small-arms fire crossed into Israeli-controlled territory , Israeli military spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . An Israeli military officer was moderately injured , the military said on Twitter , and Israeli forces responded by striking two Syrian military positions . An activist in the Golan Heights , Shamil al-Jolani , said rebel fighters reached the crossing Wednesday despite bombardment by Syrian warplanes . Because of agreements with Israel , Syrian forces could not bomb the forces at the crossing , he said . The Islamist group Ahrar al-Sham al-Islamiya and other rebel groups , not all of them Islamist , also were involved in the fighting , Jolani said . The border crossing made headlines earlier this week , when the al-Nusra Front handed over American journalist Peter Theo Curtis to U.N. peacekeepers on the Syrian side of the checkpoint . The al-Nusra Front is a fierce rival to another Sunni Muslim extremist group in Syria , ISIS , which calls itself the "  Islamic State " and has been fighting in Iraq to establish an Islamic caliphate across both countries . Both al-Nusra Front and ISIS have been fighting the Assad regime and each other in Syria , opposition groups have said , with ISIS gaining control of a large portion of northern and eastern Syria . Wednesday 's fighting marked at least the second time rebels have attacked the crossing . In June 2013 , rebels and Syrian forces battled for control of Quneitra . The violence prompted Austrian troops to pull out of a United Nations peacekeeping force in the Golan Heights . Israel sent tanks and troops to the border for a time , as well . Armed groups also detained U.N. peacekeepers in the area in March and May of 2013 , but they eventually were released safely , the United Nations says . Israel seized control of the Golan Heights during the 1967 Six-Day War and fought off an attempt by Syria in 1973 to retake the rocky plateau . In 1981 , Israel annexed the Golan Heights . It is considered to be occupied territory by the international community . Syria rebel group 's dangerous ties to al Qaeda Who is the ISIS ? CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights . CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Richard Roth and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	News comes a day after rebels took crossing between Syria , Israeli-occupied Golan Heights The U.N. says 43 peacekeepers from Fiji detained in area of Quneitra , Syria , near crossing An Israeli military official says the al-Nusra Front is detaining the peacekeepers
CNN  -- The wife of al Qaeda 's second-in-command has purportedly issued a message urging women to raise their children to love holy war and defend Muslim lands . The message from Omaima Hassan Ahmad Mohammad Hassad , wife of Osama bin Laden advisor Ayman al-Zawahiri , said that since women could not fight , they should dedicate themselves to so-called holy warriors , or mujahedeen . "  I ask you to raise your children to obey Allah and love jihad -LSB- holy war -RSB- and to defend the Muslim lands , " she said , in a message released by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda 's production company . "  Fighting is not easy for women because they need a male guardian by their side . ... But we can place ourselves in service of the mujahedeen and do what they ask of us . We can help by supporting warriors with money or information or even by a martyrdom operation . " CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the document , which appeared on multiple radical Islamist Web sites . Hassan also asked that Allah grant her and her Muslim sisters "  patience and persistence until death , " especially in the Palestinian Authority , and in Iraq , Chechnya , Afghanistan and Somalia . CNN 's senior editor for Middle East affairs , Octavia Nasr , said it is not a usual practice for women linked to al Qaeda to release messages . "  It signals that al Qaeda seems to be aggressively reaching out to the female population , whereas in the past their focus was mainly on men , " she said .	Omaima Hassan Ahmad Mohammad Hassad is wife of Ayman al-Zawahiri Purported message says women should not fight , but encourage their children Message from woman would be unusual move for al Qaeda , CNN analyst says
London , England  CNN  -- Now that a planned cabin crew strike against British Airways is under way for the March 27-30 period , the airline has confirmed "  a number of cancellations for flights , " according to its Web site . So what should you do if you 're holding a BA ticket and planning to fly ? Here is some advice . Can I re-book if I am traveling during the planned strike period ? BA says that fliers have the choice of re-booking , whether their flight is cancelled or not . It says travelers can "  rebook to travel on another BA flight on the same route up to 355 days in the future at no extra charge , subject to availability . " The airline says that passengers can also book an alternative BA flight from another destination at no extra charge although it will not cover expenses to the alternative airport . Can I cancel my journey ? You can cancel you flight and if you decide to BA says it will refund your fare , whether or not the flight is cancelled because of strike action . How will I know if my flight is cancelled ? BA is keeping its flight schedule updated on its Web site : BritishAirways.com . Passengers are advised to use their reference number to check if their flight has been cancelled . BA says that it is also informing customers via text and email . How many flights will be cancelled ? This depends on the number of crew who ultimately strike and how well BA 's contingency plans work , but a BA spokesman told CNN that it expects to carry about 75 percent of booked passengers on its own aircraft during March 27-30 . What if I cancel my original booking but then want to rebook on the same flight ? You can try and rebook on the same flight , although BA said it will treat such bookings as new , and they will be subject to availability . Will flights be disrupted outside the scheduled flight dates ? BA has confirmed that a number of flights will be disrupted between March 27-30 . BA advises travelers to keep up-to-date with events on its Web site -- BritishAirways.com . I am booked to fly between March 27-30 , what can I do ? If your flight has already been cancelled , or is cancelled as a result of strike action , you can rebook onto another BA flight on the same route within 355 days or rebook onto another BA flight from the nearest alternative airport . You also have the option of canceling your booking and obtaining a refund . If your flight is operating between March 27-30  excluding London City and London Gatwick longhaul  you can rebook onto another BA flight on the same route up to 355 days in the future . BA says no refunds are allowed unless the fare rules allow . Can I switch airlines ? If you are thinking of booking flights with another airline , keep in mind that BA is not be obliged to refund your money , if the strike is called off and it can operate the flight as planned , warns the Air Transport Users ' Council , Britain 's consumer watchdog for the aviation industry . Will British Airways help me cover the cost of meals and accommodation if I am stranded abroad ? BA will provide hotel accommodation to passengers stranded abroad because of the strikes . A BA spokesman was unsure if other expenses , such as food and drink , occurred during their enforced stay would be covered , although he suggested passengers could put in claims for "  ancillary costs " with either BA or their insurance company . How can my insurance help ? Cover provided by insurance policies vary , and passengers should check with their insurance providers , according to Rochelle Turner , a researcher at Which ? , an independent consumer magazine . Those who booked their flight using a credit card may be entitled to recover at least some of the costs , she said .	British Airlines confirms "  a number of cancellations " for March 27-30 flights BA says passengers can cancel and claim a refund or rebook flights BA chief : Contingency plan will hopefully allow 75 percent of customers to fly Passengers stranded overseas will have their hotel accommodation covered by BA
Providence , Rhode Island  CNN  -- The hottest ticket in town these days is for the Who 's Quadrophenia and More Tour concert on Tuesday night at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in downtown Providence , Rhode Island . It will be the first time Cathy Hedtler will see them live , and she 's anxious . After all , The Who is her favorite band , and she purchased her ticket more than 33 years ago . "  I 've waited a long time for this , " she told CNN . Hedtler was 18 in December of 1979 when it was announced that The Who 's Quadrophenia Tour would be coming to Rhode Island . The then teenager spent three days scouring ticket outlets and record stores to get her seat . Stephen Ball will also be at the concert Tuesday night . He 's been waiting for this since his freshman year in college , when the self-described "  Who fanatic " stood in line overnight outside of the Providence Civic Center  now the Dunkin' Donuts Center  for his two tickets ; one for him and one for his date -- his kid sister Louise . "  I wrapped up the night shift at McDonald 's and ran across the street to the Civic Center Box Office , " he remembered . "  I spent all of the money I had -- $ 25 . " The Who show was a big to-do in little Rhode Island ; the concert was a sell-out . But The Who never showed up . Just weeks before the scheduled Rhode Island show , 11 fans were trampled to death at a Who concert in Cincinnati . It was an incident that forever altered festival style seating at rock concerts . In the aftermath , then-Providence Mayor Vincent ' "  Buddy " Cianci , who oversaw the Providence Civic Center auditorium , canceled the show . His decision disappointed and enraged Who fans in Providence . "  I wanted  Mayor Cianci  impeached ! " Ball said . "  I cried for days , " said Hedtler , who still bristles at the mere mention of the name Buddy Cianci . But even though Providence was the only show to be canceled after the tragedy , Cianci still stands by his decision . "  Did I take heat ? Sure I did , " the mayor-turned-talk show host told CNN . "  I got plenty of hate mail over it . But do I regret it ? Not at all . " In the 33 years since the canceled show , The Who have never played a show in Rhode Island despite numerous overtures made by the arena , according to Dunkin' Donuts Center officials . They have , however , played more than a dozen times at numerous nearby venues in Massachusetts . But for those thinking that the reason for the decades-long absence from the Ocean State was due to a grudge against the arena or Cianci , think again . "  I think the mayor of Providence made an informed decision at the time , " Who guitarist Pete Townshend said in a statement to CNN . "  It was based on what he knew . " Left heartbroken and bitter , Cathy Hedtler and Stephen Ball nevertheless always held onto those tickets . Ball , now a retired drill sergeant living in Virginia , kept his pair in a green shoe box that he took with him to the 16 places the Army moved him throughout his career . Cathy , now 51 and an accountant , kept hers in a scrapbook of news clippings about the tragedy in Cincinnati . When the Dunkin' Donuts Center announced last summer that The Who would finally be coming back , general manager Larry Lepore -- a former Providence cop who was coincidentally assigned to work the '79 show -- decided to right a 33-year-old wrong . Anyone with a ticket to the '79 show would be admitted . "  I think it 's a wonderful gesture , " Townshend told CNN . Turns out , Hedtler and Ball were not alone . Thirty-two tickets from 1979 with face values of $ 11.50 and $ 12.50 were exchanged for the $ 129.50 seats being sold today . One of those tickets belongs to Stephen Ball 's sister , Louise . She was in the 11th-grade at the time of that canceled date with her brother and the Who . On Tuesday , she turns 50 . Lepore says it would take a catastrophic act of God for the arena to cancel the show this time around , but Stephen Ball and Cathy Hedtler are n't taking any chances . And like that famous song by The Who , they 're praying that they wo n't get fooled again .	Venue honors tickets for a Who concert scheduled more than 30 years ago The original concert was canceled following a tragedy at another venue Anyone who still had the 1979 ticket could exchange for new show
Nevada Democratic Sen. Harry Reid will lose his slot as majority leader once the GOP takes control of the Senate next year . But his Nevada counterpart in the Senate , Republican Dean Heller , is reportedly working to unseat Reid altogether in 2016 . Heller said he "  of course " reached out to Nevada GOP Gov. Brian Sandoval to run to unseat Reid in 2016 , according to a report out Wednesday from the Las Vegas Review Journal . Sandoval , the first Hispanic man elected to statewide office in his state , handily won his gubernatorial bid with more than 70 percent of the vote earlier this month . Sandoval told the Las Vegas Sun this week that he is committed to serving out his term as governor , counting himself out for a move to Washington in two years if he sticks to his word . "  I think he 'll want to assess , and we 'll give him a little time to do that , " Heller said . "  There are plenty of people I 'm sure could play in that race . " Reid , a Senator since 1987 , has already signaled his intentions to run for reelection in 2016 . But he faces an uphill battle similar to the competitive race for his last re-election in 2010 . Unseating him -- a long-time Democratic fixture in Congress considered a lightning rod figure by some on the right -- could be a symbolic victory for conservatives looking to maintain their new Senate majority beyond 2016 . "  Senator Reid and Senator Heller have known each other for a long time , " Reid 's spokeswoman Kristen Orthman said in a statement to the Review-Journal . "  Working together , they are able to do good things for Nevada and that is our top priority . " Reid 's office did not immediately return CNN 's request for comment . Heller lost his bid Thursday to become chair of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , a group which works to promote and elect GOP senators . Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi will replace outgoing NRSC chairman Rob Portman of Ohio . The position was viewed as a critical one for Heller : It would have increased his authority in the Senate leading into the 2016 elections , giving him authority to recruit candidates like Sandoval and actively fundraise for them .	Nevada GOP Sen. Dean Heller wants a Republican to unseat Harry Reid in 2016 He said has spoken with Nevada Gov. Sandoval , urging him to run Reid will lose his slot as majority leader since the GOP now holds a Senate majority Heller lost his bid to become the NRSC chair Thursday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is a familiar refrain to hear the earth and its resources being described as precious and that climate change is , and will , prove extremely costly . The Iwokrama Reserve covers 370,000 hectares of the Guiana Shield . It is one of the four remaining rainforest regions of the world . But historically , no one has attempted to put a market value on nature 's eco-systems and the services they provide . Until now . Last month , a deal was struck between London-based venture capital company , Canopy Capital and the Iwokrama International Center for Rainforest Conservation and Development  IIC  in Guyana , South America . According to Canopy Capital this is n't a deal about buying up land . Neither has it anything to do with carbon trading . Andrew Mitchell , Director of the Global Canopy Program  GCP  and a partner in Canopy Capital , says the deal is about ; "  creating a whole new paradigm for the way in which the world economy values the environment . " What Canopy Capital is saying is that the rainforests provide us with a service that benefits us all . Not only do rainforests naturally store carbon , they also provide the means for economic stability for the indigenous population , the surrounding regions and further afield . Like everything else , these natural services should and will , they hope , have a value . HRH The Prince of Wales , who is a patron of the IIC , has described the rainforests as : "  Giant global utilities providing an essential service to humanity on a vast scale . " He thinks that the value of the world 's forests is not properly understood and therefore not paid for . Seen from this perspective , Canopy Capital 's new investors might be on to a good thing . Founded in 1996 , the IIC has historically been devoted to scientific research , pioneering the sustainable use of rainforests , as well as encouraging eco-tourism . The intention now is to create a new commercial business model marketing its assets which will preserve its long term future . The prize asset is the 370,000 hectares of the Iwokrama Reserve , which lies in the heart of the Guiana Shield -- a vast area of tropical forest which stretches over 2.5 million square kilometers across the north-east of South America , crossing six state borders . It was gifted to the Commonwealth for the purposes of research in 1989 . Canopy Capital , who announced the deal at the world 's first ` Biodiversity and Ecosystem Finance Conference ' in New York , currently has a dozen investors who collectively hold an 80 percent stake in the company . The remaining 20 percent is held by the GCP . An alliance of 29 scientific institutions conducting research into forest canopy , the GCP has been evolving the concept of canopy eco-system services for the past eight years . Discussion started within the scientific community , then moved on to involve environmental economists . The final step was to approach the financial community to see if there was a market for eco-services . It was here that the idea took off . GCP Director Andrew Mitchell met up with Hylton Philipson -- a former investment banker . Philipson shared Mitchell 's passion for rainforest conservation and set about trying to work out whether such a project would be economically viable . Before setting up Canopy Capital together , they worked on the Amazonas Initiative -- a project in Brazil 's largest state to preserve the rainforests and their inhabitants . Mitchell , who combines his work at Canopy Capital and the GCP with research at Oxford University 's Zoology Department , has been studying tropical forests -- in particular their canopy -- for 35 years . He believes that the new concept can capitalize on the growing fear in the financial markets that climate change is going to be far more costly in the future if we do n't act now . "  Markets are driven by fear and greed , " he told CNN , "  and the fear factor has become greater and greater as the science gets better and better . " He says that the rainforests are a global utility and should be treated as such . "  It 's like a local power station . We do n't really know how it works , but we all enjoy the electricity when we turn the lights on . But if you do n't pay the bill you get cut off , " he said . It might be easy to measure the output from a power station , but how do you define and measure the benefits of a rainforest ? One way , Mitchell says , is to model what would happen if the remaining big rainforests utilities -- Guiana Shield , Amazonia , the Congo Basin and Indonesia -- were n't there . "  One of the scenarios produced by Ron Avissar of Duke University shows that if you remove the Amazonia , you see rainfall reductions in Mid-West America at different times of the year . If you remove them from the Congo Basin you see changes in rainfall reductions in Uzbekistan and parts of Russia . This would affect our ability to provide food . " Mitchell said . Reduced Amazon rainfall could also have devastating effects closer to home . Brazil is a nation highly dependent on hydro-power for electricity generation . In 2004 , over 83 percent came from hydro-power . For them , less rain would literally mean less power . The destruction of rainforests pose a threat to energy and food security over a vast area , affecting millions of lives . "  Governments have a role to play , " said Mitchell , "  but so do markets . " Canopy Capital is currently producing an audit of the Iwokrama rainforest . Mitchell estimates that the Reserve could be storing up to around 80 million tons of CO2 , but he says it 's difficult to work out exact values for rainforests right now . There are threats to the Iwokrama Reserve -- a road running through the Reserve is due to be widened -- but Mitchell thinks that overall , the dangers are relatively low . And with the President of Guyana , Bharrat Jagdeo , committed to the idea of the international community intervening in forest life , in return for environmental protection and aid , the prospects for Canopy Capital so far look good . "  We 're going to have to invest in the earth 's life support systems , " Mitchell said . "  What 's the point of making a machine to capture carbon out of the atmosphere when rainforests do it for free ? It 's cheaper to maintain that than to build a new one . " But Simon Counsell , Director of the UK charity The Rainforest Foundation sounded a note of caution about the proposal . "  We 're fairly skeptical about these ideas of trading in eco-system services or in the carbon that is stored in rainforests as an effective way of protecting them , " he told CNN . "  What we have found over the years is that the only effective way to protect the long term future of rainforests is to ensure that the people who live in and around the forest get some benefit in it staying . And it 's not clear how the local people are going to benefit , " Counsell said . Counsell pointed out that traditional carbon trading benefits tend to accrue to the traders , the middle-men , the investors and speculators . "  The hope is that there will be markets for these vaguely defined eco-services . Whether this is going to be the case with the Iwokrama project we just do n't know yet , because there are no details of who is going to get what from it . "	New deal attempts to put a market value on nature 's eco-systems and its services Rainforests viewed as giant global utilities providing service to humanity Reductions in Amazon rainfall could affect the American Mid-West Canopy Capital argue markets and Governments must play a role in climate change
CNN  -- Dozens of Mexican schoolchildren were hospitalized after apparently falling ill from a meal at their kindergarten . At least 38 children ages four and five became sick after lunch at a state-run school in San Luis Rio Colorado , which sits right on the border across from Yuma , Arizona , emergency dispatcher Carlos Ibarra said . A local clinic alerted emergency officials Friday when 15 children suddenly showed up at their facilities with similar symptoms -- vomiting , diarrhea and fever , Ibarra said . The number more than doubled before the day was over . The children had eaten chicken salad and homemade agua de horchata . a refreshing rice water drink . Officials suspect the horchata was responsible for the food poisoning , Ibarra said . Some of the children were released from the hospital on Friday night . The food was prepared by the sister of one of the teachers who had been contracted by the school , Ibarra said . The school , named Manuel Cervantes Imaz , has a total of 312 students . The health department will conduct an investigation , he said .	A drink is suspected of having sickened 38 kindergartners in Mexico The affected children live in the border town of San Luis Rio Colorado
CNN  -- General Motors is recalling nearly 250,000 sport utility vehicles because of an electrical problem that can cause fires . The recall pertains to some 2006 and 2007 Chevrolet Trailblazers , GMC Envoys , Buick Raniers , the SAAB 9-7x , and Isuzu Ascenders , sold in a number of northern states , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . In these vehicles , fluid may enter the driver 's door module , causing corrosion that can lead to a short-circuit . "  A short may cause the power door lock and power window switches to function intermittently or become inoperative . The short may also cause overheating , which could melt components of the door module , producing odor , smoke , or a fire , " the recall states . GM reported that at least 28 vehicle door fires were reported in connection with the problem . The recall includes a total of 249,260 vehicles that were sold in Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , West Virginia , Wisconsin and the District of Columbia . A solution to the problem is still being finalized , according to the recall . Owners will be notified if their vehicle is included in the recall by the respective car makers . Romney Ohio ad hits Obama over auto bailout Previously on CNN.com -- Biden 's 2012 message : ` Osama Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive ' Previously on CNN.com : Romney avoids mention of bailout in Detroit suburb	GM is recalling nearly 250,000 vehicles The recall affects certain SUVs in northern states The problem could lead to a short-circuit that could cause a fire
The United States and its allies are steeling themselves for what an American defense official described Thursday as a yearslong fight against the so-called Islamic State , a revelation that came as airstrikes pummeled oil refineries in Syria used by the terror group to help fund its operations "  I think we are in this for a matter of years , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN on Thursday . " ... We are steeling ourselves for that period of time . " U.S.-led airstrikes hit locations overnight in a remote area of eastern Syria where ISIS has been using mobile refineries to produce oil that brings in up to $ 2 million a day for the group . The U.S. military was still assessing the damage to the refineries by the airstrikes , Kirby said . The attacks are focused on the "  infrastructure around the refineries , " meaning the ability of ISIS to produce oil , he said . Even so , there are questions about just how much impact the destruction of the refineries will have on ISIS , which analysts have said has access to billions of dollars . "  Even if we stop their oil flow today , they still have about a billion dollars in the bank , " retired U.S. Army Col. Peter Mansoor said . "  They seized about a third of a billion dollars from the central bank of Mosul  Iraq  . " On top of that , he added , ISIS has garnered millions of dollars in ransoms from European governments for hostages and have traded much of their oil . For now , the United States is focused on the refineries , according to Kirby . But he acknowledged there are "  other economic levers the international community is going to have to pull " to cut off all funding to ISIS . At least 14 militants and five civilians were killed in the overnight airstrikes , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a dissident monitoring group . ISIS targets in Iraq were also hit Thursday morning by France 's military , government spokesman Stephane Le Foll told reporters in Paris . Fighter jets carried out strikes on four ISIS warehouses near Fallujah , which were believed to house military equipment . Human rights lawyer executed The news came as reports surfaced that ISIS fighters carried out a public execution of a well-known human rights lawyer , who took to Facebook to criticize the group 's destruction of mosques , churches and shrines in Iraq . Calling the torture and killing of Sameera Al-Nuiamy savage and cowardly , U.N. special representative for Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov , said the Iraqi government and the international community must do all they can to ensure those responsible for her death are brought to justice . Al-Nuiamy was reportedly abducted from her home in Mosul on September 17 and put on trial before a Sharia court , which Mladenov says found her guilty of apostasy . "  She was then held for a further five days during which she was subjected to torture in an attempt to force her to repent before she was executed in public , " he said . Since August , ISIS has beheaded American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , and British aid worker David Haines , gruesomely showing their killings in videos posted online . On Thursday , FBI Director James Comey said that the United States believes it has identified the ISIS militant in the video showing Foley 's killing . Officials believe the same masked militant speaks in all three beheading videos . Comey did not identify the man . ISIS overruns Iraqi base The reports about the execution came as new details emerged about the killing of up to 300 Iraqi soldiers in Iraq 's western Anbar province after ISIS fighters overran the base near Falluja this week . A handful of survivors who escaped from Saqlawiyah , which had been under siege for a week , accused the Iraqi government of failing to respond to pleas for help in the days leading up to Monday 's final ISIS assault on the base . One soldier recounted in a video posted to YouTube how he and his comrades battled the fighters for hours before starting to run out of ammunition and then being shot by a sniper . "  I called the commander ... for support , but no one responded , " he said . While CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the claims in the video , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has ordered an investigation into what happened and why the soldiers were left to fend for themselves . At least 113 soldiers were killed and another 78 are missing , according to Iraqi security officials . The report has raised questions about whether the Iraqi military can defeat ISIS on the ground even with help from the United States and its allies in the air . There are similar questions being asked about Syria 's moderate rebel groups , which have been battling President Bashar al-Assad 's forces and ISIS . ISIS leadership dispersed ? ISIS has likely dispersed much of its command-and-control capabilities in Syria , and leaders are now "  mixed in with the civilian population , " Mansoor said . "  So it 's unlikely these airstrikes have crippled ISIS , " he said . "  As the President has said , it 's going to be a long campaign , and it will be months -- perhaps years -- before ISIS is dealt a serious blow absent any sort of ground force to go in and root them out on the ground . " In the latest round of strikes targeting ISIS refineries in Syria , fighter jets from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates flew alongside U.S. aircraft , hitting 12 locations , Kirby said . While ISIS has been the focus of most of the strikes in Syria , other terror targets have been hit . The U.S. military said the al Qaeda-linked Khorasan Group also was targeted when the strikes in Syria began Tuesday morning . And the terror group al-Nusra Front says its leader , Abu Yousef al-Turki -- also known as "  The Turk " -- was killed . But the United States has not said whether al-Turki is dead . "  We can not confirm any particular leadership that might have been killed in any of these strikes , " Kirby said Wednesday . And as far as how many ISIS militants have been killed , "  we do n't know that , either , " Kirby said . What 's the difference between ISIS , al-Nusra Front and the Khorasan Group ? International support While the support for the U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria has been tepid , the support for the the international coalition against ISIS in Iraq is growing . The Dutch foreign ministry announced Wednesday that its military will contribute six F-16 fighter jets and 250 troops to carry out airstrikes and train Iraqi and Kurdish forces . Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said his country 's parliament will weigh a request for six of its fighter jets to take part in the bombing campaign . Similarly , British Prime Minister David Cameron said he 's recalling Parliament Friday "  to secure approval for the United Kingdom to participate in the Iraq air campaign . "  The U.N. Security Council has now received a clear request from the Iraqi government to support it in its military action against ISIL , " Cameron said from U.N. headquarters in New York . " ... So it is right that Britain should move to a new phase of action . "	Airstrikes focus on oil refineries , a source of revenue for ISIS U.S. thinks it has identified militant in beheading videos 113 soldiers are dead and 78 are missing following ISIS attack , officials say A military analyst and Syrian resident say ISIS is infiltrating the civilian population
CNN  -- "  The guys would say they 'd be tortured so bad , they 'd be screaming , ` Tell me what you want me to say ! Tell us what to say and we 'll say it ! ' They 'd agree to confirm anything State Security wanted . " The words are those of one Egyptian speaking to Human Rights Watch - and alleging torture by Egypt 's security services against his fellow detainees . Another man , a 22-year-old taxi-driver , told HRW last year about his detention by Egyptian police : "  They had whips and hit me on the legs , on the bottom of my feet , and on my back . When they took me down , they brought a black electric device and applied electro-shocks four or five times to my arms until it started smoking . " They are two of many cases documented by Human Rights Watch in a 96-page report on mistreatment of detainees in Egypt entitled "  Work On Him Until He Confesses : Impunity for Torture in Egypt . " The report , which was published Monday but compiled before the current unrest , concludes that the Egyptian security forces carry out torture and ill-treatment of detainees with impunity and the "  government is failing miserably to provide victims of torture and ill-treatment effective remedy . " The international human rights group says those guilty of human rights abuses have little expectation or reason to fear they will be held to account . It cites the Egyptian government 's own figures that criminal courts convicted only six police officers of such abuses between 2006 and 2009 . The Foreign Affairs Ministry reported to HRW that 10 other officers were acquitted , and three received suspended sentences . The Interior Ministry said that it had reduced the salaries of 47 officers , suspended 17 , issued one warning and acquitted 11 . There were at least 70 cases  some involving more than one officer  referred to the courts or a disciplinary tribunal during that period . It 's not clear how many complaints are filed each year , but HRW said that human rights lawyers have documented numerous incidents that never reached court . The Egyptian government told a U.N. panel in November 2009 that "  the Office of the Public Prosecutor investigates every complaint it receives about torture or cruel treatment . " CNN was unable to get a response from the Egyptian government on the report . In the event that officers are convicted of ill-treatment , the law does not provide meaningful penalties that might represent a deterrent , HRW said . Abuses are classified into three categories -- contraventions  a fine of less than US$ 17 or 100 Egyptian pounds  , misdemeanors  a fine of more than US$ 17 or a jail term  and felonies  prison , prison with hard labor or the death penalty  . Torture and "  assault leading to death " are felonies ; cruelty and other categories of assault are classified as misdemeanors . According to the Egyptian penal code , any official "  who deliberately resorts , in the course of duty , to cruel treatment in order to humiliate or cause physical pain to another person shall be subject to a penalty of up to one year 's imprisonment or a fine of up to EGP200  US$ 34  -RSB- . " Assault leading to death carries a prison sentence of three to seven years in prison , possibly with hard labor . "  The result is an epidemic of habitual , widespread , and deliberate torture perpetrated on a regular basis by security forces against political dissidents , Islamists allegedly engaged in terrorist activity , and ordinary citizens suspected of links to criminal activity or who simply look suspicious , " the report concludes . One case highlighted by HRW is that of Khaled Said , a young businessman in Alexandria whose death prompted street protests last year against police brutality and has been a rallying cry in the current protests . He was accosted by police at an Internet cafe because he had posted a video online allegedly showing police dividing up drugs seized in a bust . The son of the cafe 's owner told HRW : "  They grabbed his head and banged it against the marble shelf . At this point we tried to get them outside , thinking that they wanted to arrest him , but they dragged him into the entrance of the building next door ... They kicked him so hard that he fell on the stairs . They held him by the throat and by the hair and banged his head against the stairs . " An official autopsy said Said died after swallowing a bag of drugs , but photographs of his body showed severe injuries . Human Rights Watch says the State Security Investigations  SSI  is responsible for the disappearance of many people . "  SSI officers will summon individuals or arrest them , after which he or she "  disappears " for a period of time , usually up to two or three months...Longer-term detention occurs at SSI headquarters in Cairo according to recent witness testimony and human rights groups . " One such detainee , according to his lawyers , was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , Nasr al-Sayed Hassan Nasr , who was allegedly held blindfolded for 60 days last year . Nasr told HRW that his interrogators warned him : "  This is the biggest citadel in the Middle East for extracting information . You are 35 meters below the ground in a place that nobody except the Minister of Interior knows about . " His account is consistent with the findings of a UN Human Rights Council mission to Egypt in 2010 that found : "  There is an alarming lack of judicial oversight of facilities run by SSI , which as such are not subject to any inspections of the kind referred to above . With this in mind it becomes difficult to fully ignore many reports about terrorist suspects being arrested , transferred to , and held incommunicado in what are mainly referred to as SSI secret underground cells . " In February 2010 , the Egyptian Foreign Ministry responded to accusations by HRW : "  There is no truth to the allegations regarding the unlawful detention of some individuals inside State Security Intelligence headquarters . In Egyptian law no citizen can be unlawfully detained . " HRW says the Egyptian government maintains that incidents of torture are isolated -- and the Ministry of Interior tends to respond to accusations of torture "  by denying the facts , discrediting the complainant , and pointing to training programs and internal disciplinary measures . " It says there is significant gap between the number of torture incidents that victims or their families document or file with prosecutors , and the very small number of complaints that prosecutors transfer to court and result in convictions . The HRW report says the offices of the Public Prosecutor in Egypt "  operates very much as an instrument of the executive " , despite its formal independence as a judicial body . "  Another factor contributing to impunity is the clear conflict of interest that arises when police are involved in investigating allegations of abuse within their own ranks , " it says . In its recommendations , Human Rights Watch urges the Egyptian government to take steps towards ending torture and ensuring effective investigations . "  Officials at the highest levels , including the president and minister of interior , should publicly acknowledge the scope of torture in Egypt and declare that they will tolerate neither torture nor ill-treatment . " And it adds : "  The ministry of interior should immediately end the illegal practice of enforced disappearance and detention in SSI offices , and allow prosecutors to conduct unannounced visits to such sites to verify compliance . "	A 96-page Human Rights Watch report details cases of detainee mistreatment The report was compiled before the current unrest Report : Those guilty of abuses are often not held accountable CNN was unable to get a response from the Egyptian government
CNN  Robert Durst 's wife mysteriously disappeared decades ago . It 's an unsolved case that has n't stopped haunting him . Years after she went missing , prosecutors argued Durst was hiding out from investigators digging into that case when he killed a neighbor , dismembered the body and skipped town . Jurors acquitted him in a high-profile 2003 murder trial after his lawyers said he 'd acted in self-defense . Now the 71-year-old millionaire real estate heir from one of New York 's wealthiest families is behind bars , accused of murder again in another case that some say is tied to his wife 's disappearance . FBI agents arrested Durst Saturday night in New Orleans . Investigators say they believe he was behind the 2000 slaying of Susan Berman , a crime writer and Durst 's longtime friend , who was shot dead in her Beverly Hills home . "  As a result of investigative leads and additional evidence that has come to light in the past year , investigators have identified Robert Durst as the person responsible for Ms. Berman 's death , " Los Angeles Police said in a statement Sunday . Police , who described him as a "  cold case murder suspect , " did n't specify what new evidence pointed them toward Durst . The arrest comes amid heightened interest in the eccentric heir , who 's now the focus of the HBO documentary series "  The Jinx , " which explores whether he had any connection to his wife 's disappearance and investigators ' suspicions that Berman was killed because she knew what happened to her . Durst has long maintained he did n't kill Berman or have anything to do with his wife 's disappearance . Investigators found him Saturday at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans , where he was staying under a false name and was carrying a fake driver 's license , according to a law enforcement official who 's been briefed on the case . He 'd paid in cash , and authorities believe he was preparing to leave the country and flee to Cuba , the official said . He was jailed without bond and was awaiting an extradition hearing Monday morning . "  We will waive extradition and get to Los Angeles as soon as possible to answer the charges , " Chip Lewis , Durst 's lawyer , told CNN on Sunday . Durst 's brother said in a written statement that he was thankful for the arrest . "  We are relieved and also grateful to everyone who assisted in the arrest of Robert Durst , " Douglas Durst said . "  We hope he will finally be held accountable for all he has done . " Accusations about what Robert Durst has done depend on who you ask . His one-time wife , Kathie Durst , went missing in 1982 . No one has been charged in her disappearance . And according to The New York Times , she 's been declared legally dead . Robert Durst has said the last time he saw her was when he dropped her off at a train station in Westchester , New York , so she could head back to medical school in the city . He secretly divorced her in 1990 , Court TV reported . Her family has said Robert Durst is to blame for her disappearance and hailed his arrest over the weekend as a sign they could be close to getting answers . "  The dominoes of justice are now starting to fall , " Jim McCormack , her brother , said on Sunday . "  Through our faith , hope and prayers the last domino will bring closure and justice for Kathie . " This is n't Durst 's first run-in with the law . In 2003 , he admitted he 'd killed and dismembered Morris Black , his neighbor in Galveston , Texas , but argued he 'd shot Black in self-defense during a struggle . Prosecutors argued he 'd planned Black 's killing in order to steal his identity and escape the attention of New York investigators looking into his wife 's disappearance . Durst testified that he hid out in Galveston and posed as a mute woman because he was afraid as he faced increasing scrutiny in the case , Court TV reported at the time . "  It seemed to me the big problem was Robert Durst , " he said , referring to himself in the third-person . "  I wanted to not be Robert Durst . " Durst is an heir to a fortune thanks to his family 's New York City real estate investments . The Durst Organization was founded by his grandfather and is now run by his brother and cousin . After a civil lawsuit in 2006 , Robert Durst cut ties with his family and 10 Manhattan skyscrapers in return for a $ 65 million settlement , The New York Times reported . In 2000 , his friend and longtime confidant , Susan Berman , was killed in her California home . The killing , CNN 's sister network HLN reported in 2012 , occurred just after police reopened the investigation into Kathleen Durst 's disappearance . "  She was a confidante of Robert Durst . She knew him well . They knew each other and were very , very close , " CNN 's Jean Casarez said . "  And it was just days before investigators were to fly out to California to talk with her about what she may have known about the disappearance of Kathleen Durst that she was shot execution-style in her living room . " For years , speculation has swirled about who could be responsible for Berman 's death . She 'd written books about her family 's mafia ties and explored the history of Las Vegas , and some suspected she might have drawn the ire of a killer through her work . Investigators in the past homed in on one key piece of evidence : a postcard sent to authorities that tipped them off that Berman 's body was inside her home . A police handwriting analysis said the writing on that card looked like Durst 's , author Miles Corwin told CNN in 2004 . But Corwin , who shadowed investigators working on the case as part of his book "  Homicide Special : A Year With the LAPD 's Elite Detective Unit , " said at the time that police did n't have enough evidence to charge Durst in the killing . "  They do n't have enough to arrest him , " Corwin said in 2004 . What 's changed since then ? In "  The Jinx , " Berman 's stepson reveals a letter from Durst he found among her possessions . That could be a key development , said Michael Daly , a special correspondent for The Daily Beast . "  You look at the letter , and the handwriting is astonishingly similar , " Daly said . The Los Angeles County district attorney reopened the Berman homicide investigation last week . Investigators have n't said whether the documentary series played a role in this weekend 's arrest . HBO , which is owned by CNN 's parent company Time Warner , praised the series ' director and producer in a statement Sunday . "  Years in the making , their thorough research and dogged reporting reignited interest in Robert Durst 's story with the public and law enforcement , " HBO said . CNN 's Jack Hannah , Kyung Lah , Carma Hassan , Shelby Lin Erdman and Linh Tran contributed to this report .	Wealthy New Yorker Robert Durst is jailed in Louisiana and will be extradited to Los Angeles Durst was arrested in New Orleans on Saturday night He 's accused in the cold-case killing of his longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000 , LA police said
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton claimed victory in Puerto Rico on Sunday and insisted that she is leading Sen. Barack Obama in the popular vote . Clinton won 68 percent of the vote compared with Obama 's 32 percent . Her vote tally was 263,120 ; his was 121,458 . The win gives Clinton the larger share of Puerto Rico 's 55 delegates . The Democratic primary season ends Tuesday when Montana and South Dakota cast their votes . "  When the voting concludes on Tuesday , neither Sen. Obama nor I will have the number of delegates to be the nominee , " she said in San Juan , Puerto Rico . "  I will lead the popular vote ; he will maintain a slight lead in the delegate count , " she said . Obama leads in the overall delegate count -- 2,070 to Clinton 's 1,915 . CNN analysts weigh in on Clinton 's next steps " A candidate needs 2,118 to claim the Democratic nomination . The Clinton campaign has been focusing on the popular vote as it tries to convince superdelegates to pick her instead of Obama . The superdelegates are a group of about 800 party leaders and officials who vote at the convention for the candidate of their choice . But the popular vote count is debatable . If all the primary results including Florida and Michigan are counted , but not the caucus votes , Clinton leads in the popular vote 17,461,845 to Obama 's 17,244,762 , according to CNN estimates . That number includes giving Obama all the "  uncommitted " votes from Michigan . Florida and Michigan were stripped of their delegates for scheduling their primaries too early . Clinton won both states , but Obama 's name was not even on the ballot in Michigan . The Democratic National Committee decided Saturday to reinstate all of Florida and Michigan 's delegates to the national convention , with each delegate getting a half-vote to penalize the two states for holding their primaries earlier than party rules allowed . The DNC 's Rules and Bylaws Committee 's move gave Clinton 87 delegates and Obama 63 . In a second scenario , which adds in CNN 's estimate of the caucus-goers , Obama leads Clinton 17,928,000 to 17,843,000 . And in a third scenario , which includes all of the caucuses but does not give Obama Michigan 's "  uncommitted " vote , Clinton leads 17,873,000 to 17,703,000 . Obama campaign spokesman Robert Gibbs expressed confidence that Obama would clinch the nomination in the coming days . "  If not Tuesday , I think it will be fairly soon , " he said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  We hope this week , absolutely , " he added . At a campaign stop in Mitchell , South Dakota , Obama congratulated Clinton for her win Sunday and praised her for being an "  outstanding public servant . " "  She is going to be a great asset when we go into November to make sure that we defeat the Republicans , " he said . Watch Obama rally in South Dakota " As Clinton tries to win over the undecided superdelegates , she argued Sunday that she would be the stronger candidate to face Republican John McCain in the fall . "  In the final assessment , I ask you to consider these questions : Which candidate best represents the will of the people who voted in this historic primary ? Which candidate is best able to lead us to victory in November ? And which candidate is best able to lead our nation as our president in the face of unprecedented challenges at home and abroad ? " In the Puerto Rico primary , Clinton swept Obama in every major demographic group , including groups Obama generally wins , such as younger voters and higher-income voters , according to CNN 's exit polls . CNN estimated turnout to be between 325,000 and 425,000 . "  Most people in Puerto Rico , I would venture to guess , they are not even aware that there 's a primary going on , " said Luis Pabn-Roca , a local political analyst . Part of the reason for the lack of interest , he said , is because voters feel the primary is n't meaningful since Puerto Ricans can not vote in the general election . The Democratic and Republican parties run the primaries and caucuses , and they allow U.S. territories , such as the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , to take part in the process . But only the 50 states and the District of Columbia vote in the general election . CNN 's Juan Carlos Lopez , Willie Lora , Bill Schneider , Xuan Thai and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton claims she 'd be the stronger candidate to face McCain Elections officials report low turnout Obama campaign spokesman : Obama could clinch nomination soon Montana , South Dakota hold final two contests Tuesday
CNN  -- Part of a picturesque toll highway that tourists use to travel between the Mexican towns of Ensenada and Tijuana collapsed this weekend , civil protection officials in Mexico said . One of the holes created by the landslide was more than 40 feet deep and stretched 200 feet long . A cement truck was stuck when the ground started shifting , but the driver made it out safely , officials told CNNMexico . The truck ended up tumbling into the Pacific Ocean , which is just west of the road . Officials say it may take as long as a year to repair the damage . Building a temporary road is one option being considered , authorities said . For now , motorists will use a nearby free road . It is unclear what caused the landslide . According to the United States Geological Survey , a magnitude-4 .6 earthquake centered about 60 miles southeast of Ensenada struck on December 19 , but the events might not be connected . On the Facebook page of the Baja California Civil Protection services , officials said the road is not in an area where there is a fault line . The damage occurred about 60 miles from Mexico 's border with the United States .	Road is a coastal highway that runs between Tijuana and Ensenada Driver escapes before cement truck rolls into the ocean Officials do n't know why road collapsed
Editor 's note : We asked readers to weigh in on CNN.com Live producer Jarrett Bellini 's vacation destination , and you chose South Africa . Check back for a wrap-up of his trip . Jarrett Bellini explores South Africa 's Cape of Good Hope . CAPE TOWN , South Africa  CNN  -- The very best travel days often happen when good karma and perfect timing collide . And , somehow , on this morning , it also took a bit of tequila . Of course , normally , the latter ingredient tends to be counterintuitive . But not here . I arrived at the reception desk-slash-bar of my hostel , Long Street Backpackers , at 8:40 in the morning to be picked up for a full day of shark-diving . Fun . Productive . Presumably safe . However , it was then that I learned that the seas were deemed too rough , and the tour was cancelled . Bugger . Next thing I know , a glass of tequila is slammed in front of me with a bit of sage bartender advice , "  Might as well . " Normally , one would simply decline and go about attempting to have a relatively human-like existence on planet Earth . But at this place , there 's really no backing out . In fact , unless you like spontaneous hat parties and have a thing for sleeping under tables , it 's best not to hang out in the reception room . Fortunately , I 'm a rather strong-willed individual , free-thinking and confident . So , naturally , I buckled under the pressure . What can I say ? I like these people . They wear funny hats . But as I was sitting there with a few other hostel folks who , apparently , also found it completely fit to begin ruining their day before nine , a Dutch kid came into the room and offhandedly mentioned that he and two Dutch girls had a car and were driving out to the Cape of Good Hope . My ears perked up . "  Can I come ? " And just like that , I was rescued from the gates of hell . I love you , Holland ! The Cape of Good Hope is the southwestern-most point of the African continent , and it 's an absolute thing of beauty . Panoramic views paint the sky as waves crash against the rocky shore . Here , the Atlantic and Indian Oceans become one . But not really . A decorative sign in the gift shop boasts : Where Two Oceans Merge . However , the real currents actually come together a little farther east . It 's still amazingly beautiful , so , you know ... whatever . And after a full day of hiking and exploring the Cape with my new friends , we arrived back at the hostel to find our other friends right where we left them . Their heads turned as I entered , and one of them yelled out , "  Jarrett ! Shots ! " Might as well .	CNN.com 's Jarrett Bellini traveled to South Africa Readers chose his destination and shared their travel suggestions A chance meeting provided a spectacular day at the Cape of Good Hope
CNN  -- New Hampshire 's Senate has approved a bill allowing same-sex couples to marry , but critics and supporters of the legislation say their work is n't over . New Hampshire could become the fifth state to allow same-sex marriage if a bill becomes law . "  We were obviously disappointed , " Kevin Smith , executive director of the conservative Cornerstone Policy Research Action group , said Thursday . "  We do n't think the voters are going to forget about it . " On the other side , members of the New Hampshire Freedom to Marry Coalition , a group that has worked since 2001 for same-sex marriage , were "  absolutely thrilled , " said Mo Baxley , its executive director . But noting that the bill is returning to the House of Representatives for consideration of changes made by the Senate , Baxley added , "  I think the work continues . " Her organization will encourage supporters to contact their representatives ahead of the House vote , she said . On Wednesday , the Senate voted 13-11 in favor of the bill , which differs from the House-approved version in that it distinguishes between civil and religious marriage . It allows each religion to decide whether to acknowledge same-sex marriage but extends the option of civil marriage to any two individuals , said state Senate spokeswoman Anne Saunders . The House , which passed the earlier version last month by a margin of seven votes , 186-179 , must approve the changed version before it can be sent to Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat who has questioned the need for the bill . After the Senate vote , Lynch released a statement saying he believes that "  the fundamental issue is about providing the same rights and protections to same-sex couples as are available to heterosexual couples . This was accomplished through the passage of the civil unions law two years ago . " Lynch signed the state 's civil unions law in May 2007 . "  To achieve further real progress , " he added , "  the federal government would need to take action to recognize New Hampshire civil unions . " Earlier this month , the governor said he believes the word "  marriage " should be used only to describe a marriage between a man and a woman , the New Hampshire Union Leader in Manchester reported . "  I think the word ` marriage ' is reserved for a marriage between a man and a woman , and I think the real issues really are rights and protections for gay and lesbian couples , " he told reporters on April 15 , according to the newspaper . Smith said his organization , which was established in 2000 , would "  lobby hard " to get the governor to veto the bill . He said he expected it to pass the House . "  Look , this is a matter of holding the governor accountable , " he said . "  He 's been very public with his views on same-sex marriage in the state . ... We 'll see if he was misleading the voters of New Hampshire or if he 'll stand by his word and actually veto it . " Were the bill to become law , New Hampshire would become the fifth state allowing same-sex marriage , joining Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa . Only Vermont has established the practice legislatively . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Same-sex marriage bill returns to New Hampshire House after Senate approval Critic of the bill : "  We do n't think the voters are going to forget about it " If bill passes the House , it will be sent to the governor for approval or veto Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat , has questioned the need for the bill
CNN  ISIS appears to have gained more ground in Iraq . Islamic State fighters surrounded one of Iraq 's largest air bases Tuesday , a police captain in Anbar province and other security sources told CNN . The militants are preparing to launch an attack on Ein Al-Assad military airbase , which is halfway between Hit and Haditha , said Anbar police Capt. Omar Mohamad Hanin . Anbar has been largely overrun by ISIS , which has been waging war for months in order to establish a caliphate -- or a society run by strict Sharia law . It has also taken over large swaths of Syria , near the border with Turkey . Coalition forces have been trying to battle back , but ISIS is getting into position in Iraq with rocket launchers and tanks in villages to the south and east of Ein Al-Assad , Hanin said . President Barack Obama said he is focused on the fighting taking place in Anbar and vowed airstrikes will continue there and elsewhere . "  This is going to be a long-term campaign , there are no quick fixes involved , " he said Tuesday at Joint Base Andrews , during a meeting of military leaders from 22 countries who are part of the coalition fighting ISIS . "  We 're still in the early stages , " the President said . "  As with any military efforts there will be days of progress and there will be periods of setback , but our coalition is united behind this long-term effort . " Nearly 60 countries are now part of the effort to stop ISIS . Opinion : Why we must talk to bad guys -- even ISIS Two deadly car bombs exploded in Baghdad on Monday and one on Tuesday . The militants claimed they were behind the blasts . One targeted the police checkpoint in the Shiite neighborhood of Khadimiya . Four people were killed and 12 others were injured when a car bomb being driven by a someone on a suicide mission exploded in an area called al-Utayfia . The target was a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the predominately Shiite neighborhood , police officials told CNN . ISIS released a statement on its media site claiming that the al-Khadimiya attack killed a member of the Iraqi Parliament , Ahmad al-Khafaji , who was a member of the Badr Organization , a main Shiite bloc in the government . On the surface , Badgad remained calm Tuesday , despite ISIS advances from the west . Ali , who sells fish at a market , noted that ISIS has taken control of even more territory since the coalition airstrikes began . Nearby , Walid , who sells fruit and has two sons in the Iraqi army , said the airstrikes are "  like theater . " The Iraqi army 's track record in fighting ISIS is not good . It has lost control of Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , and is now struggling to keep control over Anbar . Obama on ISIS : Expect ` long-term campaign ' ISIS advances in Syria In Syria , ISIS fighters bombed and blasted their way through the strategic city of Kobani . Columns of smoke rose as the sound of gunfire erupted . Coalition airpower -- aided by Saudi Arabia -- has been focused intensely on Syria . U.S. Central Command said Tuesday that it had bombarded ISIS near Kobani , using bomber and fighter aircraft to fire 21 airstrikes that destroyed two ISIS staging locations , a building , a truck and two vehicles and damaged other ISIS property . Another U.S. strike near the Syrian city of Dayr az Zawr struck a modular oil refinery and initial indications are that this strike was successful . The strikes are meant to prevent the extremist Muslim group from resupplying and massing combat power on the Kurdish-held portions of Kobani , Central Command said in a release . All coalition aircraft used in missions against ISIS departed the space safely , the military said , and analysis of the strikes suggests that they slowed ISIS ' advance . But Central Command warned that "  the security situation on the ground there remains fluid " with ISIS attempting to gain territory and beat back the Kurdish military , which is putting up a fierce fight . Opinion : Why we must talk to the bad guys -- even ISIS Turkey in or out ? The fight for Kobani brings ISIS right to the border with Turkey , but Turkey 's contributions to the fight against ISIS remain unclear . After U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Sunday that Turkey had agreed to allow the United States and its partners to use an air base and territory for training , Turkish officials said Monday that they had not decided whether to allow use of the Incirlik airbase . On Tuesday , Secretary of State John Kerry said that Turkey is still committed . "  I mean , Turkey has agreed to host and train and equip people . It certainly has allowed the use of certain facilities , and we do n't need to get into the specifics except to say that I do n't believe there is any discrepancy with respect to what they will or wo n't do . " "  Kobani is caught in between the United States and Turkey . It 's a pawn right now , " retired Col. Derek Harvey , the former special adviser to Army Gen. David Petraeus , told CNN 's Hala Gorani . Turkey is still focused on removing Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad and has been fighting it 's own battle with Kurdish separatists inside Turkey , Harvey said . Turkey even launched strikes against Kurdish positions within Turkey in recent days , according to its military . Kobani is an example of the fissures that exist within the coalition about the overall strategic goal , Harvey said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Hamdi Alkhshali , Kareem Khadder and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	John Kerry says Turkey is on board with coalition fighting ISIS President Obama says effort to destroy ISIS will have ups and downs Iraqi police captain , sources : ISIS has surrounded one of Iraq 's largest air bases ISIS continues its assault on Syria 's Kobani ; coalition fights back with airstrikes
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong has been asked to return all prize money from his seven annulled Tour de France victories by the sport 's governing body , who confirmed the history books will show no winner of the famous race between 1999-2005 . The disgraced American operated "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen , " according to the United States Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  . At a meeting at their Swiss headquarters , the International Cycling Union  UCI  also announced an independent commission would examine its handling of the Armstrong case . The 41-year-old is still to comment on claims he consistently used performance enhancing drugs throughout his career , though he has decided not to contest the case . In a written response , Armstrong 's office asserts that witness testimony to USADA is contradictory to prior testimony ; that witnesses testified only after Armstrong decided not to contest the USADA proceeding ; and that USADA offered sweetheart deals to active riders in exchange for their testimony . But the UCI is determined to pursue him for the riches he received as a result of his seven straight victories in cycling 's most prestigious race , while confirming the record books will be left blank . A statement on the UCI 's official website read : "  With respect to Lance Armstrong and the implications of the USADA sanctions which it endorsed on Monday 22 October , the Management Committee decided not to award victories to any other rider or upgrade other placings in any of the affected events . "  The committee decided to apply this ruling from now on to any competitive sporting results disqualified due to doping for the period from 1998 to 2005 , without prejudice to the statute of limitation . "  The International Cycling Union  UCI  has asked Lance Armstrong to return all the prize money he won from his seven Tour de France victories , that have been struck off due to allegations of doping . "  The UCI Management Committee acknowledged that a cloud of suspicion would remain hanging over this dark period -- but that while this might appear harsh for those who rode clean , they would understand there was little honor to be gained in reallocating places . " The UCI and its president Pat McQuaid has come under fire for not picking up Armstrong 's doping , despite testing him over 200 times . There are also question marks about a $ 100,000 donation from Armstrong to the UCI in 2002 , revealed in USADA 's report , but McQuaid insists there was no cover up in regard to Armstrong 's activities . Former Tour de France winner Greg LeMond called on McQuaid and the UCI 's honorary president Hein Verbruggen to resign over their handling of the case . He said the pair had abused their power and that cycling would not be able to move on unless they were to quit . The UCI declined to comment on the story when contacted by CNN . LeMond 's views were echoed by Scott Mercier , a former cyclist with the U.S. Postal Service team before Armstrong joined them , who claims he quit the sport after being asked to use banned substances . He told CNN : "  The sport is going to have some tough times and I think there needs to be a leadership change for it to really be able to move forward . "  The leadership needs to be held accountable ; if you look at the business world the CEO would either resign or be fired . The management committee did not do that . It is still the same guys who were there during this and I do n't think it 's nearly enough . " The UCI said it would soon appoint a fully independent external commission that would look into the role it played during the Armstrong affair and report no later than June next year . It has also decided to suspend legal action against former Sunday Times journalist Paul Kimmage who accused them , as well as Quaid and Verbruggen , of corruption , until after the commission reports . McQuaid said in the same UCI statement that it was "  determined to turn around this painful episode in the history of our sport . " "  We will take whatever actions are deemed necessary by the independent Commission and we will put cycling back on track , " he added . "  Today , cycling is a completely different sport from what it was in the period 1998-2005 . Riders are now subject to the most innovative and effective anti-doping procedures and regulations in sport . "  Nevertheless , we have listened to the world 's reaction to the Lance Armstrong affair and have taken these additional decisive steps in response to the grave concerns raised . "	Cycling 's governing body ask Lance Armstrong to return all his Tour de France prize money Disgraced cyclist had his seven Tour de France victories struck off due to doping UCI opt not to reassign Armstrong 's titles in what it calls a "  dark period " It also decides to suspend its legal action against journalist Paul Kimmage
CNN  -- Johan Bruyneel has become the first victim of a United States government investigation into Lance Armstrong and doping . Armstrong was part of "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen , " the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said Wednesday in releasing more than 1,000 pages of evidence in the case . Evidence of Armstrong doping ` overwhelming , ' agency says Bruyneel , who was a close confidante of Armstrong during his seven Tour de France wins , has left his post as general manager of RadioShack by mutual agreement . Bruyneel was named in the USADA report which alleged that he was involved in helping Armstrong organize doping within the US Postal Team . "  From this day on , Johan Bruyneel will no longer act in the position of general manager of cycling team RadioShack Nissan Trek , " a statement said on the team 's website . But Bruyneel says he is disappointed with the way he has been treated and says the USADA may have harmed his chances of a fair trial . "  I am surprised and extremely disappointed that USADA released information in the public domain relating to their pending case against me before I had been given any opportunity to review the evidence and provide my defence against it , " he told AFP . "  I still hope to be able to defend myself in a forum free from bias , although I now fear that USADA 's calculated action may have irreversibly prejudiced my case . "  It is a troubling facet of USADA 's approach to this case that it appears not to respect basic principles such as the right to be heard and the presumption of innocence . " The Belgian was Armstrong 's team manager when the Texan won his seven tour victories between 1999-2005 . Lance Armstrong 's legacy may withstand accusations He also worked alongside Armstrong in 2009 and 20010 following his three-and-a-half year spell away from cycling . Bruyneel along with team doctor Pedro Celaya and team trainer Jose "  Pepe " Marti will all receive a hearing before an independent judge to fight the charges following the report . Bruyneel 's departure comes after RadioShack rider Fabian Cancellara claimed he was close to leaving the team following the report . "  Johan 's name is cited 129 times in the report , " Cancellara was quoted as saying by the Belgian newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws . "  I do n't know if I can still work with Johan . We 'll see what happens next . I want to know what happened . "	Bruyneel leaves role as general manager of RadioShack following USADA report Belgian was Armstrong 's team manager between 1999-2005 Bruyneel to fight charges in hearing before independent judge Fabian Cancellera admitted he may no longer be able to work with Bruyneel
BRYCEVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- Michael Ratley was known as a hero . Michael Ratley will spend the rest of his life in jail , without parole , for killing his wife with a hammer . In December 2006 , Ratley carried his 2-week-old son , Aiden , and his wife , Effie Ratley , 29 , from the flames as fire engulfed their Bryceville , Florida , trailer . Days after the fire , a teary-eyed Ratley told local media that love drove him to save their lives . "  I might have lost everything physical , but I 've still got my two most precious things , " Michael Ratley told CNN affiliate WJXT-TV at the time . A month later , Effie Ratley was dead , bludgeoned with a hammer in a bedroom of her in-laws ' home , not far from the trailer 's ashes on a dirt road marked only with a black arrow on a wooden sign . The man who was hailed as a hero for saving his wife was convicted in July of murdering her . On Tuesday , a Nassau County Court jury in Yulee , Florida , said he should spend the rest of his life in prison for the crime . Circuit Judge Robert Foster sentenced the 25-year-old to life without possibility of parole . What changed a heroic husband into a hammer-wielding wife killer ? Hero gets life for murder " During the trial , no motive was offered . On January 27 , 2007 , with his parents downstairs watching TV with the door shut and his infant son in the other room , prosecutors said , Ratley put on a pair of thick black gloves , grabbed a heavy-duty hammer and went into the bedroom where his wife was lying down after taking some medication . He lifted the hammer and "  savagely and brutally beat her on the head over and over " -- at least seven times , said Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda . During the trial , Ratley said he had nothing to do with the slaying . His defense lawyers argued that an intruder , who Ratley alleged attacked him in the barn the night before , was the culprit . But prosecutors said that was part of Ratley 's plan , setting up for a scenario in which an intruder killed his wife by cutting the wire on their window . Testifying on Tuesday , his friends and family spoke of him as a church-going , gentle man who always went out of his way to help others -- the elderly at a nursing home , a neighbor whose husband was slain and sick family members . "  He has always been a caring , nonviolent person , " said his mother , Cindy Ratley . "  He 'd give you the shirt off his back . " Cindy Ratley said it had been her dream to have her close-knit family living together on her secluded 20 acres . Witnesses for Ratley tried in court to give a picture of the son , grandson , and friend they said he had always been , with the defense calling the murder a "  single , horrible snapshot " in Ratley 's overwhelmingly positive life . They urged the jury to give Ratley 's son a chance to know his father , one who cares and loves deeply for him , they said . As his mother and others left the witness stand in the packed and divided courtroom , they each told Ratley they stood behind him and loved him . As they walked back to sit down , many mouthed , "  I love you . " The prosecutors argued Ratley 's character could n't be clearer , based on his actions . "  Unfortunately , the best example we have of his character is in what he did . This shows his best character , " de la Rionda said , showing the jurors gruesome photos of Effie Ratley 's injuries . De la Rionda disputed the description of Ratley as a wonderful father . "  This loving father had no problem whatsoever -- a short distance from his son -- exterminating the life of his son 's mother , " he said . Michael Ratley met Effie Williams when she was having car trouble . He offered to buy a new tire for her and change it . Effie Ratley , who enjoyed listening to '50s music and watching black-and-white movies , was thrilled when she and her husband had their baby , her family told the court Tuesday . "  Her son was her pride and joy , " said her stepmother , Joy Williams , wearing a purple and pink "  Justice for Effie " bracelet . "  But she never knew more than six weeks of her motherhood dreams . " By all accounts , the Ratleys ' relationship had its rocky points . They were married , separated and remarried . Michael Ratley 's family said that the first time the couple got married , they were worried he was n't mature enough , that he needed to grow up , and they said the couple definitely had growing pains . "  He did n't know if he could love her enough , because he only wanted the best for her , " Donna Stanley said , talking about her nephew . Effie Ratley 's father , Duane Williams , cried on the stand Tuesday as he talked about his only daughter . His voice quivered as he tried to explain how he feels her loss each day . "  She 's the first thing I think about in the morning when I wake up , " he said , his voice wavering . "  And the last thing before I go to bed . " Neither Effie or Michael Ratley 's families wanted to speak about the sentencing after the hearing , but de la Rionda said Effie 's family was pleased with the result . "  They were always hoping for -LSB- the -RSB- death -LSB- penalty -RSB- , but they 're happy he 's going to get life and he 's not going to be able to get out , " de le Rionda said . "  He 's going to die in prison . " While the announcement of the sentence , which spared him from death , was greeted with a pronounced "  Yes ! " from Michael Ratley 's family inside court , the gravity of the situation seemed to hit during a short recess . His grandmother began sobbing . Family members comforted her until Cindy Ratley sat down next to her . The two cried and embraced for a couple of minutes . Michael Ratley looked over , saw his grandmother upset , and he , too , began to cry .	Michael Ratley , 25 , sentenced to life without parole for murdering wife Prosecutors : Ratley beat wife with hammer four weeks after rescuing her from fire Family says Ratley was gentle man ; attorneys call murder "  single , horrible snapshot " Effie Ratley 's family recall her spirit , love for newborn son
CNN  -- Green and yellow auto rickshaws chug through the crowded streets of New Delhi . Tuk tuks sputter on the roads in Thailand to tourists ' delight . Millions in South and Southeast Asia rely on these three wheelers -- known variously as rickshaws , tuk tuks or tricycles -- as an affordable mode of transportation . But while beloved by many , the vehicles are also blamed for bottleneck congestion and pollution , spewing carbon monoxide , carbon dioxide and particle matters that become trapped inside the lungs . "  In many places both inside China and in other Asian countries , the three-wheeler is considered a symbol of a less-than-modern-economy , not appreciated by some image-conscious businessmen and government officials , " said Ed Benjamin , chairman of the Light Electric Vehicle Association , the trade association for such vehicles . As concerns over air pollution and fuel dependence grow , several Asian companies are vying to become the Tesla of motorbikes to bring zero-emission , light electric vehicles to the masses . South Asian cities have the worst air pollution in the world There is major interest in turning electric in China , and to a lesser extent in Vietnam , Thailand and India as well , said Benjamin . Chinese drivers hesitant to adopt electric cars The move to electric is also gaining traction with motorcycle manufacturers , said Benjamin . "  Piaggio , Honda , Yamaha , and others have had production of gasoline three-wheelers that we expect to see in electric versions , " he says . Japanese company pushes for innovating motorcycles In the effort to revolutionize the industry , a lanky , young engineer turns on a motorcycle at a warehouse set amongst farmland about 70 miles north of Tokyo . The engine hums to life with a low whooshing sound -- so quiet you have to crane your ear to hear it . The white motorbike 's display panel lights up . There are no plumes of smoke gushing out of the exhaust or the odor of gasoline . Terra Motors is a Japanese start-up specializing in electric motorcycles and tricycles , which it plans to market in Southeast and South Asia . Japanese motorcycle brands like Honda , Yamaha , Suzuki and Kawasaki dominate the Asian market outside of China , because customers trust the brands and Japanese engineering , said Toru Tokushige , CEO of Terra Motors . The motorcycle industry has to evolve and adapt to electric energy , to avoid becoming like Kodak films , which did n't evolve to digital quickly and was rendered obsolete , he said . Tokushige hopes that Japanese electric vehicles will catch on as their motorcycles and tricycles originally did several decades ago in South Asia . His company is trying to market electric versions in Vietnam , Philippines and India . "  Each country has its own preferences for the eyes and smile , " he said referring to the front of the vehicle where the headlights are located . The vehicles carry lithium batteries that take about 10 hours to recharge . But would these vehicles work in countries where there are frequent power outages ? Tokushige said charging the vehicles are like charging cell phones and would usually occur overnight , when electricity usage is typically low . Several communities are already adapting to electric vehicles and that there are examples of "  reverse innovation " which is innovation from developing countries that spreads to richer countries , he said . In Bangladesh , he found garages , propped up by bamboo and tin , transformed into charging stations for electric vehicles . "  Some people charge at these garages , " he said , showing a picture he took in Dhaka . "  They 're already achieving a new kind of business where you rent a parking space and pay to charge . " With fuel prices increasing , Tokushige says there is growing willingness to adapt and to find new business opportunities with electric vehicles . And unlike electric cars which are hampered by the lack of charging stations , the electric tricycle taxis usually travel less distance than cars , so they 'd be likely to travel closer to their electric source , he says . "  I believe that air and noise pollution issues , along with the ever increasing price of petrol , will push all of these high density communities to electric two - and three-wheelers , " Benjamin said . Non-OECD Asian countries are expected see as much as a 200 % increase in greenhouse gas emissions from the transport sector by 2030 , according to Asian Development Bank . The Philippines is one of the first nations to make a concerted push towards electric vehicles , which it plans to roll out first in Manila and to the rest of the country . It plans to lease 100,000 new electric taxi trikes to drivers to replace its sputtering , gas-powered vehicles by 2016 .	Auto rickshaws or tuk tuks are cheap mode of transit for people in Asia They 're also seen as contributing to congestion and pollution Expert says electric vehicles are becoming more popular
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's new government said it has control of new areas in Bani Walid as the battle rages on for one of the last cities loyal to the ousted ruler . The city center and the northern part of the city are now under government control , said Ali Daeki , a member of the executive crisis committee . Government forces have surrounded the city from all sides , and arrested more than 20 loyalists of former ruler , he said Saturday . Troops loyal to Moammar Gadhafi are now in Dahra , a residential area in the southern part of the city , according to Daeki . National Transitional Council fighters also battling for control in Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte , and will boost Bani Walid troops as soon as that battle is over , said Abdurahman Bousin , a council spokesman . As the battle for control continues , the U.N. human rights office expressed concern on the number of prisoners in Libya and their treatment . "  It could be up to 7,000 , " said Mona Rishmawi , a senior official with the group in Geneva , Switzerland . "  At this stage , there is no police infrastructure , there is no prison authorities . ... Right now , the Justice Ministry is not fully functional . " "  There is allegations and evidence of torture " in the prisons , she said , citing lawyers , clients and human rights groups . CNN 's Raja Razek and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	Government forces surround the city from all sides , an official says Troops loyal to Moammar Gadhafi flee to southern part of the city , he says The United Nations cites evidence of prisoner torture by the NTC
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova has candy , the Williams sisters have fashion interests and Bjorn Borg has underwear . Now , world No. 3 Andy Murray has joined the ranks of tennis superstars looking beyond the court to expand their multi-million dollar fortunes . The 2012 U.S. Open champion may have racked up over $ 26 million in prize money during a glittering tennis career , but the Scot is hoping to swell his coffers further after acquiring the Cromlix House Hotel near his hometown of Dunblane in Scotland . Murray , a winner of 25 career ATP World Tour titles , plans to turn the Victorian-era mansion into a 15-room five-star hotel set to open in 2014 . That opening date will allow the hotel to potentially welcome golf fans attending the Ryder Cup at the nearby Gleneagles course next year . The project will also provide a boost to the local economy , creating 40 new jobs and providing revenue for other businesses in the area . "  I am pleased to have acquired Cromlix House and look forward to securing its future as a successful business , " the 25-year-old Murray said in a statement . "  By re-establishing Cromlix as a leading luxury hotel at the heart of the Dunblane community we will be able to attract new visitors to the area , create a number of new jobs and focus on supporting other local businesses . "  I 'm pleased to be able to give something back to the community I grew up in . " Cromlix House is set in 50 acres of woodland and has its very own trout loch . The hotel has special meaning to the Murray family , with Andy 's older brother Jamie , also a professional tennis player , marrying his Colombian wife Alejandra Gutierrez there in 2010 . The day-to-day running of the hotel will be handled by Inverlochy Castle Management International  ICMI  , who look after eight other properties in Scotland . "  We are delighted to be working with Andy in this very exciting project to redevelop and run Cromlix House , " said ICMI 's managing director Norbert Lieder . "  Our team of experts has experience in every aspect of the hospitality industry and specialise in working with independent properties and transforming them into luxurious destinations . "  I am confident that , with Andy , we can create a very special hotel in his home community . "  While we aim to create a destination that attracts visitors from around the world we are also determined to ensure it remains a venue of choice for local people . "	Andy Murray to open five-star hotel near his Scottish hometown of Dunblane The U.S. Open champion has acquired the Victorian-era mansion Cromlix House The hotel is set to be open in time for the 2014 Ryder Cup at nearby Gleneagles Cromlix House set in 50 acres of woodland including a trout loch
CNN  -- Todd Palin and nine aides were found in contempt Friday by the Alaska Senate for failing to appear to testify in the Legislature 's "  troopergate " investigation of his wife , Gov. Sarah Palin , a spokeswoman for the Alaska Democratic Party said . Todd Palin , shown campaigning in Virginia in 2008 , did n't testify , but submitted a statement in the case . But a Senate resolution said no one should be punished , because the 10 did submit statements to the investigator , the Anchorage Daily News reported . The governor 's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The investigation concerns the governor 's firing of the state 's public safety commissioner , Walter Monegan . A bipartisan commission in the state Legislature investigated allegations that Palin fired Monegan after he refused to sack her ex-brother-in-law , State Trooper Mike Wooten . The governor , first elected in 2006 , has denied wrongdoing . In court papers , Palin called her sister 's ex-husband a "  rogue trooper " who threatened the governor 's family during a bitter divorce and custody battle . Complaints from Palin 's family led to a five-day suspension for the trooper in 2006 after his superiors found he had illegally shot a moose using his wife 's permit , drove his patrol car while drinking beer and used a Taser on his 10-year-old stepson "  in a training capacity . " In an interview last year , Wooten said , "  I made mistakes . I ` fessed up to them . I was punished appropriately , and I 'm moving on . " Palin was Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona 's running mate in his unsuccessful campaign last year for U.S. president .	Todd Palin , nine aides found in contempt by Alaska Senate for failing to appear The 10 wo n't be punished because they submitted statements , newspaper says Legislature 's "  troopergate " investigation concerns firing of public safety chief
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of excited music fans wait in line , on the lookout for their favorite singers on a hit television show . Elaha Sorur was the lone female finalist on this season 's "  Afghan Star . " Just a few years ago , television and some music was banned in Afghanistan . Instead of spending the time outside a New York venue or Hollywood soundstage , though , these fans braved barbed wire and gun-toting guards in Kabul to attend Afghanistan 's premier pop music event : the finals of "  Afghan Star , " the embattled country 's answer to "  American Idol . " In line , bright mod outfits have replaced Kabul 's normally conservative dress code . Onstage , men sport the latest styles . And on TV screens , a country 's new battle between traditional and pop culture plays out . "  For the young generation , " says one fan in line , "  it 's very important to be cool , with a cool mind . " Inside the concert hall , Jahid Mohseni , a 38-year-old Afghan-Australian media mogul , tries to manage the chaos he 's created . Singers , child acrobats and TV technicians all compete to get his attention before the start of Afghanistan 's biggest night of television . Mohseni , who started the country 's top television network , Tolo TV , says he 's just trying to revive Afghan culture after the fallow Taliban era , when music and television were banned . Watch performances on "  Afghan Star " " "  Yes , we are promoting social change , but we can not push Afghan society where it does n't want to go . This is a commercial enterprise , and it 's reflecting what people want , " Mohseni said . In Afghanistan , more than 60 percent of the population is younger than 25 , and judging by the popularity of "  Afghan Star , " "  they 're like people everywhere . They 're not from Mars , " Mohseni said . At the fourth-season finals this year , the audience included those who sat quietly as well as those who loudly cheered for contestants including Naweed Forugh  who would be named the "  Afghan Star " winner  , Naweed Sabirpur , Mehran Gulzar and Elaha Sorur , the lone female finalist . "  Art is in the blood of Afghans and has been for centuries , and it is still , " Sorur said . "  During the years of fighting , the people have n't been able to use their artistry , but with time , it will get better and better . Afghanistan and the people of Afghanistan are ready for a change . " But not everyone is happy with Mohseni 's programming choices . Afghanistan 's guardians of Islamic values , the Ulema Council , protested that "  Afghan Star " and Tolo TV 's popular Indian soap operas were not part of Afghan culture . Afghanistan 's minister for information and culture even tried to stop the soap operas in court , claiming that it was a question of national security . Mohseni pointed out that Afghanistan is sandwiched between two powerful neighbors : India , with a population of 1.1 billion , and Iran , with almost 70 million people  compared with Afghanistan 's estimated 34 million  . "  You just have to sit down with your critics and explain that if we do n't have Afghan music and entertainment , Bollywood will take over , " he said . "  We 're just trying to hold our own in the middle of what is effectively a cultural war . " That culture war can be seen on Tolo TV . After meeting with the Ulema Council , Mohseni dreamed up another reality show called "  Tartil , " or "  Koran Star . " The three finalists were quizzed by religious authorities and judged on how well they 've memorized passages from the Quran , Islam 's holy book . There were no wild ovations when the winner was announced , but the finale still produced a bombshell : The winner was a shy 16-year-old schoolgirl named Uzra Mohamedi , who accepted the oversized $ 3,500 check without cracking a smile and while dressed in a traditional black veil . Other TV programming in Afghanistan includes state-run news and lifestyle shows , a popular local-produced drama about an extended Afghan family , a sketch comedy show -- and the hit Kiefer Sutherland show "  24 . " Mohseni says that "  Afghan Star " pushes his country forward in subtle ways , for instance teaching a few valuable lessons in democracy . Winners are picked by fans who can vote on their mobile phones -- one Sim card , one vote . In previous elimination rounds , losers sometimes stormed off the set , refusing to accept defeat . But now they thank their supporters and graciously congratulate the winners . "  This is the educational component of our show , and hopefully it 'll rub off on our politicians , " Mohseni said . To coincide with Afghanistan 's presidential elections in August , Mohseni created a reality show called "  The Candidate " as a way to encourage a more robust political debate . Six young Afghans face off in mock presidential debates and compete in American-style election campaigns . In the future , Mohseni hopes the direction of Afghan culture will be decided democratically , without traditionalists imposing values by force or government edicts . Either way , Tolo TV has an avid audience : According to Mohseni , the finals of both "  Afghan Star " and "  Koran Star " won their nights ' ratings races , easily beating the competition .	"  Afghan Star " is Afghanistan 's version of "  American Idol " The show , one of Afghanistan 's most popular , has completed its fourth season "  Koran Star " judges contestants ' knowledge of Islam 's holy book Many see TV programming as a culture war inside the country
A brown bear cub clumsily splashes into the Brooks River to receive his mom 's first fishing lesson . Those too-big-for-his body paws will be perfect for catching sockeye salmon , which started running the river in late June . Witnessing this passing of ancient knowledge to the next generation is a once in a lifetime opportunity -- from at least 50 yards away , as the mother bear is as dangerous and unforgiving as the rest of Mother Nature 's Alaskan creations . These bears live on the head of the Alaskan Peninsula , which is the gateway to the chain of Aleutian Islands , formed by ancient volcanic eruptions that built the geography that eventually made region habitable for human beings . The 1912 eruption of the Novarupta volcano was the largest of the 20th century , and four years later , the National Geographic Society sent Robert F. Griggs to explore the bottomless lakes , soaring mountains and impenetrable forests of what would become Katmai National Park and Preserve . Griggs ' prize was the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes , Novarupta 's 40-square-mile stretch of then still-smoldering volcanic ash that ranged from 100 to 700 feet deep . Katmai , a national monument since 1918 and a national park since 1980 , gives visitors the opportunity to see the wilderness as Griggs saw it , to witness bears , moose , eagles and salmon within the floral beauty and rugged expanse of Alaska . Park stats : In great part because of its remoteness , tourists did n't begin regularly visiting Katmai until the 1950s . The 4-million acre park has averaged about 39,000 visitors a year since 2008 , according to the park service . About 10,000 people visit Katmai in July to view the bears at Brooks Camp , says park ranger Roy Wood . Summer in the Park : Great Smoky Mountains The location : Katmai is on the Alaskan Peninsula , and park headquarters is in King Salmon . Visitors can get to the park via plane or boat , but there is no road access . There are daily commercial flights from Anchorage to King Salmon , about a 290-mile trip . Travelers can also access Katmai from Kodiak , Iliamna , Soldotna or Homer . Visitors can also charter flights and boat rides within the park , including the 30-mile ride from King Salmon to Brooks Camp . If you go : Getting to Katmai is the hardest part , says Wood . But admission to the park is free . However , there is a camping fee for staying at Brooks Camp , and you will need a permit to do commercial filming or photography . Summer in the Park : Grand Teton Meet our ranger : Roy Wood is Katmai 's chief of interpretation , education and partnerships . Originally from Evansville , Indiana , Wood committed to becoming a park ranger after a college internship at Grand Canyon National Park . He also worked as a seasonal park ranger at Grand Canyon , Yellowstone and Everglades national parks . Wood came to Katmai National Park and Preserve 10 years ago and fell in love with the brown bears . "  I got to the point where I could recognize the bears , " says Wood , producer of "  Katmai : Alaska 's Wild Peninsula , " which will debut July 5 on PBS . "  They ceased to be anonymous , wild animals in the forest . They became individuals with behaviors and identities . It 's been really fun to see bears that I saw as cubs come back with their own cubs . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Brooks Camp . The park service operates a visitor 's center there from June 1 through September 17 , and the area offers fishing , anthropological history and world-class bear watching . Overnight visitors can purchase a camping permit or stay at Brooks Lodge . Katmai is home to more than 2,100 protected brown bears . Wood says that during July , 70 to 100 brown bears are concentrated within a square mile of Brooks Camp . The bears can be observed from the trail or from stands that provide increased protection . "  We do n't put radio callers or ear tags on the bears , " Wood says . "  There is nothing to ruin your photos . " Travelers to Brooks Camp should come prepared , as the NPS website advises travelers to bring proper gear for rugged terrain and unpredictable weather , which often results in travel delays . Summer in the Park : Yosemite Favorite less-traveled spot : Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes . While noting that most of the park is "  less traveled , " Wood suggests visitors to Brooks Camp take the 23-mile daily bus ride to the valley . Created by the Novarupta volcano 's 1912 eruption , it was the sight that so awed explorer Robert Griggs . Wood recommends visitors spend a night camping there . "  You have the volcanoes , the valley and beautiful uncluttered sky , " he says . "  That intense solitude is available to just about everyone . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : When Brooks Camp is slow for bear watching , Wood says experienced outdoor explorers should check out any place on the Pacific coast where sedges , a grass-like plant that bears eat , grow above the high-tide line . There are pilots who will take you to Geographic Harbor , Swikshak Lagoon and Hallo Bay for bear watching during the spring and summer , he says . The northern edge of Katmai is best for viewing wildlife in August and early September , says Wood , but that the local names do n't exist on a map and are known only by pilots who fly there . Summer in the Park : Cuyahoga Most magical moment in the park : The first time Wood stood in a river to watch salmon run to their spawning grounds . "  We often speak of salmon being the lifeblood of the region and its people , " he says . "  When you are waist deep among them , it is easy to see why . At first , the salmon deflect around you . But if you remain still , they gradually accept your presence and resume their normal upstream movement . " Funniest moment at the park : A dominant male bear reclaimed his favorite fishing spot from younger male by intimidating the young bear into falling over the waterfalls . "  Bears can be unintentionally funny , " says Wood . "  Every now and then their comedic timing is impeccable . " Watch a video of the showdown here Summer in the Park : Isle Royale A ranger 's request : Katmai is home to brown bears , which are the same species as grizzly bears but have different behavior patterns , says Wood . Keep at least a 50-yard distance from all bears , which are solitary animals . You should never separate a mother from her cub , says Wood . The mother will interpret the separation as a threat . Since brown bears can move at speeds up 35 miles per hour , escape will be practically impossible . "  A common misconception about Katmai and Brooks Camp is that since they  the bears  do n't run , they 're tame or they like us , " says Wood . Ca n't get enough bears ? View live feeds of bears in Katmai at explore.org Another park he loves : Canyonlands National Park in Moab , Utah . Wood says he would like to return to the Colorado River Plateau , the region where his long trek to becoming a park ranger began . Canyonlands is on the plateau and is a series of geographical forms created the by ancients flows of Colorado River and its tributaries , Canyonlands is home to Horseshoe Canyon 's , rock art , Island in the Sky mesa and the Cedar Mesa Sandstone spires at Needles . What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Katmai 's 4 million acres are home to more than 2,100 brown bears Always maintain a 50-yard distance from bears and never separate a mother from her cub The 1912 Novarupta volcano eruption was the largest of the 20th century The eruption created the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes , 40 square miles of volcanic ash
CNN  New Zealand are on course for a first ever World Cup title after a thrilling semifinal victory over South Africa , secured off the penultimate ball of the match . Chasing an adjusted target of 298 in just 43 overs after a rain interrupted the match at Eden Park , Grant Elliott hit a six right at the death to confirm victory and send the Auckland crowd into raptures . It is the first time New Zealand has ever reached a World Cup final , and it will play either Australia or India on Sunday . Te pair face each other in Sydney on Thursday . Not the first time in the sport , rain played a part . South Africa were motoring with the bat before a two-hour delay for poor weather . Though its total was escalated by the Duckworth/Lewis method -- used to calculate a revised target in the event of a rain delay -- New Zealand held firm thanks to Elliott . His 84 not out underpinned its innings and it was fitting that he delivered the final blow , smashing Dale Steyn for six off the second last ball to spark jubilant scenes at Eden Park . "  I do n't think this win is for myself or the team , but everyone here , " Elliott said at the post-match presentation . "  The supporters have been amazing . "  I think we timed the pace of the innings to perfection . I was n't as calm as I looked . When you have 45,000 fans screaming at you every ball ... "  It has been an absolute pleasure playing in front of this crowd . We have had a good run . It is the first final we have been in as New Zealand . "  We are a very level team , we will approach it as any other game . Nothing going in my mind when I hit the six . I do n't even know where the ball went . " South Africa , who themselves have never reached the final , have been accused of choking in past installments of the one-day competition . But that indictment can not be leveled at it after one of the most dramatic matches in World Cup history . It had recovered from 114-3 in the 27th over to 216-3 after 38 overs thanks to some fierce hitting from captain AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis , before the rain came . With the game stopped for two hours , it finally reached 281 off its reduced 43 overs , du Plessis top scoring with 82 . New Zealand 's target was upgraded via Duckworth/Lewis , a calculation that takes into account how many overs were left and how many wickets had been lost , to 298 . Kiwi skipper Brendan McCullum got it off to a fast start with a 22-ball half-century but after he was dismissed it wobbled , and needed 139 from 22 overs . But Elliott was the steadying hand , judging his innings perfectly . And though he was dropped in the penultimate over , he struck the telling blow off Steyn to seal victory and inflict a fourth semifinal defeat on South Africa . "  It was a great advertisement for cricket , " McCullum said at the post-match presentation . "  Everybody involved will remember this for the rest of their lives . "  What a great innings from Grant . He came out of wilderness not long ago . The greatest time of our lives . We have enjoyed the experience . "  I hope the crowds are all dreaming the way we are . Gee it would be nice to win it . We do n't mind whom we face in the final . "  They are both quality sides , but we know if we play the way we want to we are a good chance . " Should Australia beat India at the Sydney Cricket Ground , then the joint hosts of the World Cup will meet in the final in Melbourne . "  It was an amazing game of cricket , " AB de Villiers said . "  Probably the most electric crowd I have ever heard in my life . I guess the best team has come out on top . We gave it our best . No regrets . "  We left it all out there . It is hurting . It is going to take a while to recover . The bigger picture is for the people back home . We play for them . I hope they can still be proud of us . "	New Zealand edge a thriller against South African to reach cricket World Cup final Grant Elliott hits a six in the final over to seal Kiwi victory in front of Auckland crowd South Africa had posted a total of 281 in a rain affected match New Zealand will face either Australia or India in the final on March 29
CNN  -- Last week , we laid out some ground rules for using The Google to see what the Internet 's saying about your co-workers , your love interest and yourself . And as soon as the column went live , the reader feedback started pouring in . Hey , Googling is a quotidian skill these days : The "  Sex and the City " writers made a joke of it almost eight years ago when Carrie looked up her Russian boyfriend "  on Google-dot-com , " and there 's even a snotty website you can send when a knuckle-dragger asks you a question instead of looking it up himself : Let Me Google That For You . So it 's kinda surprising that it 's still at the center of an amorphous cloud of confusion and questions . But , dear readers , you brought up some nuanced points we could n't elucidate in last week 's column . Allow us to attempt to clear up some of that fog . The Lesson : Once you 've dug up some dirt , you ca n't cover it up again . "  When I started my current job , it was just months after someone I knew was convicted of sexually molesting a child . ... It left me with a really unforgiving attitude about those convicted of sex crimes against children . In the course of my work , I was demonstrating something to my co-worker and randomly selected a co-worker to Google . Lo and behold , the man had similar charges  and a guilty verdict  a dozen years ago , just before coming to work here . I immediately swore the other co-worker to secrecy , having NO IDEA this was even a possibility when entering the name . Unfortunately , the man I searched is my immediate supervisor , and it makes me kind of sick to have to deal with him daily . The job is great , the pay is good , but I just wish he 'd hurry up and retire . I ca n't ask to be transferred , as even asking would spread this information further . Unfortunately , some things you ca n't just "  un-know " when knowing is inconvenient . " Whoa , heavy . We 're sorry for all the bad happenings , but you bring up an important point : You ca n't return to blissful ignorance after you 've searched for someone . In this case , if you 're sure you do n't want to talk to a higher-up about transferring  if it was that easy to find in Google , they likely already know  , it 's probably best to focus on remaining professional around this man . We humans are funny creatures : We 're unhappier waiting for test results than hearing a definitive cancer diagnosis . We like to know . Your search for your co-worker was random and innocent , but sometimes we do tumble , "  Alice in Wonderland " - style , into Google rabbit holes that we do n't need to conduct . Like a dog rubbing its injured paw into the ground , we get buzzed on pain as we search for ex-significant others , say , or find out more and more about a tragic 12-car pileup a few miles away . So -- cue that guitar-strumming learning-moment music in the excellent '90s television show Step by Step -- if netiquette is all about being nice to people while you 're using the Interwebs , that should include being nice to yourself . Know when to pause , X out , and busy yourself with those IRL friends . Remember them ? Nice folks . The Lesson : Googling shines a spotlight on what others think about the search term . "  THE ONLY ISSUE ANYONE WOULD HAVE WITH THIS ARTICLE WOULD BE THE FAILURE TO NOTE THAT ANYTHING WRITTEN ON THE INTERNET , OR WORLD WIDE WEB , IS THE PRODUCT OF SOME PERSON 'S INPUT INTO A COMPUTER OF THAT DATA . THE DATA MAY NEVER HAVE BEEN PUT INTO THE COMPUTER BY THE PERSON WHO IS THE SUBJECT OF THE SEARCH , AND THERE MAY VERY WELL BE NO MEANINGFUL WAY TO ELIMINATE , MITIGATE , CORRECT , OR AMEND INTERNET GOSSIP , RUMOR , SPECULATION , AND HEARSAY . GARBAGE IN , GARBAGE OUT . " FIRST OFF , I DO N'T KNOW WHY YOU ARE SHOUTING . SHOUTING TO TWO NETIQUETTE COLUMNISTS SEEMS LIKE AN EGREGIOUS BREACH IN MANNERS . BUT REALLY , YOU ARE TOO KIND , THINKING THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE ONLY ISSUE ANYONE WOULD HAVE WITH OUR ARTICLE . Anyway , you raise a valid  if obvious  point : Much of the stuff that pops up when you Google someone was n't put there by said someone . But , as we 've written about on this very canvas , you can proactively deal with online haters and take charge of your online reputation . That 's why you need to be Googling yourself regularly -- so you know what your new boss , new friends and new beau will see when they type in your name . And then when you find out you have a name in common with a cross-country track star/American Girl doll/fugitive on "  America 's Most Wanted , " you can write a charming blog post distinguishing yourself from your name-twin . The Lesson : Admitting to your date that you 've Googled him is tricky business . "  I was on a second or third date with a guy who was quite a bit older than me . I asked him his age but he would n't tell me . Later I looked him up on a public records site and found it . The next date I told him I had found his age online in what I thought was a playful manner . The relationship did n't last because as it turned out he had a girlfriend in another country for years with whom he has been discussing a serious future , and months later during an argument he told me that my Googling him had really turned him off and included it in a "  want to know how to win a guy ? " e-mail . So , was I a creep for searching for his age online , or just telling him about it , or both ? His age had no bearing on my feelings for him . ... I was just curious to know it . " First off , we can answer this question very cleanly : This guy was the creep , and was grasping at straws to find a way to make you feel bad . He would n't tell you his age , had a secret relationship and wrote you a nasty e-mail telling you how to win a guy ? Major loser , and you have nothing to worry about in the creepiness department .  Unless you made him a scrapbook from everything you uncovered in your public records search . In that case , yeahhh ... But this does bring up a larger point : Discussing Internet searches during the dance of courtship is kind of a Goldilocks sport -- in an eerily parallel situation , we 've had a first date  met on a dating site  refuse to share his age when it came up in conversation , blithely bleating , "  I mean it 's on my profile , I do n't see why I need to say it again . "  He was 32 , too old for such nonsense .  That 's too little info . We had another first date reveal that he 'd clicked through something like 11 pages of Google results  "  So , I see you were runner-up in the state spelling bee as an eighth-grader "  . Too much . The just right approach is somewhere between keeping your mouth totally shut  let him reveal his penchant for photographing pensive-looking pigeons on his own schedule  or , after a few dates , bringing up something that 's on the first page of results  "  Not to be creepy but I creepily Googled you the other night -- I had no idea you wrote that book on pigeons as pets ! I 'm a birder myself . " Hey , everyone loves flattery . Just make sure you 're not getting dirt on an unrelated author with the same name . Because a love of pigeons could be a real turn-off .	Our Netiquette columnists answer readers ' questions about Googling dilemmas Knowing when to stop and how to respond to a search can be tricky Google yourself regularly to distinguish bad rumors from you or your name-twin
The battle over right-to-work legislation in Michigan has renewed debate over labor policy and the role of unions in the American economy . On Tuesday , the state House of Representatives passed two bills that would make Michigan the 24th U.S. state to enact right-to-work laws . Here 's a quick look at the issue : What 's going on ? Michigan 's storied labor movement and its allies mobilized last week to stop Republican-backed legislation that would give workers the right to opt out of union membership and , critics say , weaken unions . Lawmakers last week gave initial approval to "  right-to-work " bills in a surprise move that provoked thousands of labor supporters to descend on the state Capitol for protests that led to eight arrests . More protests are scheduled for Tuesday . Opponents accuse Republicans of abusing the legislative system to rush through the bills without public input . Supporters say the legislation would help improve economic competitiveness in Michigan which , despite some recovery , still has the nation 's sixth-worst unemployment rate and median household incomes that lag the nation . What is right to work ? "  Right to work " is the commonly used term for laws that make it illegal to require that employees join a union or pay the equivalent of union dues to get or keep a job . Under such laws , employees can still form unions , engage in collective bargaining and go on strike . Currently , 23 states , most of them in the South and West , have right-to-work laws . In those states , union membership stood at 6.48 % in 2011 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . In states without right-to-work laws , 10.8 % of the workforce belonged to unions . Analysis : Why America 's unions are losing power When did right-to-work laws first appear ? Florida was the first state to pass right-to-work legislation , in 1943 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Arizona and South Dakota followed in 1946 . Then Georgia , Iowa , Nebraska , North Carolina , North Dakota , Tennessee and Virginia did so in the right-to-work boom year of 1947 . According to the NCSL , the laws were a response to the growing influence of the labor movement during an era when union membership was rapidly growing -- more than doubling in percentage terms between 1935 and 1945 , according to the Congressional Research Service . The most recent state to enact a right-to-work law was Michigan 's neighbor , Indiana , in 2012 . Before that was Louisiana in 1976 . What do supporters say ? Right-to-work supporters argue that it makes states more attractive to business , creates jobs and gives employees more choices . Supporters cite studies suggesting that job growth and private-sector compensation in right-to-work states have increased more rapidly than in other states . "  The case for right-to-work has always rested on the importance of defending worker freedom , but right-to-work laws also have a proven track record of encouraging economic growth , " Will Collins of the National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation wrote Monday . And critics ? Opponents cite studies indicating that wages and growth are lower in right-to-work states , and they say that such legislation is little more than an effort to bleed unions in the name of worker freedom and choice . "  There is scant evidence these laws create jobs , help workers , or are good for a state 's economy , as supporters claim , " analysts for the liberal think tank Center for American Progress wrote earlier this year . "  Instead , these laws weaken unions and thereby hurt workers , the middle class , and local economies . " Critics also say that such laws allow nonunion workers to "  freeload " -- gain the benefits of union representation without shouldering the burden of paying for it . Michigan bills weakening union power signed into law Why is it coming up now ? For one , union influence is waning in Michigan , as it has been nationwide for decades . In November , voters rejected a referendum that would have blocked right-to-work legislation . And Republicans control the state House , Senate and governor 's office , reducing the influence of labor in legislative affairs . Still , Gov. Rick Snyder had said the issue was not on his agenda until recently , when legislative leaders began to press their case . He told Stephen Henderson , editorial page editor of the Detroit Free Press , that he had tried to mediate a solution to avoid the bill coming to a head . "  That was n't very successful , so I said , ` This is being put on my agenda , ' " Snyder said . "  I thought it better to try to get something done one way or another , and get the issue behind us . " He and other supporters now say the legislation is critical to the state 's economic success . "  Like it or not , the 49 other states in the union are competing with us for businesses and workers , " Snyder wrote on his blog . "  And across the nation , 23 states have enacted freedom-to-work laws -- including neighboring Indiana . Though Michigan is the comeback state , we do n't exist in a vacuum . Our successes today could turn to failures tomorrow , so we need to maintain our competitive edge . " What 's next ? The bills now go to Snyder for his signature , and he has said he will sign them . Democrats have suggested they may challenge the legislation in court because GOP lawmakers skipped the usual committee hearings in passing the bills . The legislation can not be overturned by a public referendum because they were in appropriations measures .	Right-to-work laws make it illegal to require that employees join a union In Michigan , Republican-backed legislation would allow workers to opt out of union membership Critics say it would hurt unions ; supporters say it would aid state economic competitiveness 23 states , most of them in the South and West , have right-to-work laws
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Even in the darkest , deadliest days of Iraq 's war , you 'd find people still hopeful it would all work out . That the killings would stop , the bad guys would be routed and a stability of some sort would return . That the Americans would leave with their Humvees and their private security companies and the country would -- perhaps -- get on with the freedom the U.S. promised upon Saddam Hussein 's removal . Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki promised as much , and pledged an inclusive system for all . Power-sharing politics and making all Iraqis -- Sunni , Shia , Christian -- feel they shared national values . Now , there a plenty of Iraqis who believe he had his fingers crossed when he said such things . Just over two years ago , I watched as the last of 110 or so U.S. military vehicles crossed the border from Iraq and into Kuwait -- the same border crossing I 'd gone through in at the start of the war in 2003 with a U.S. Marine convoy headed to the Iraqi capital . I 've had nearly a dozen trips in between and now here I am , back in Baghdad . The city feels much the same as it did during some of those other trips -- and that 's not a good thing . Actually , it feels worse . READ MORE : Are things worse than ever in Iraq ? The U.S. departure may have ended the war for Americans , but for Iraqis , the violence , the bombs , the shootings and the torrents of blood barely skipped a beat . A lull here and there , periods of what might  for Iraq  pass for stability , but really , the deaths never stopped . More than 8,000 people were killed here last year , mostly innocent civilians , according to the U.N. . The feeling in Baghdad today is one of dread -- dreading the next car bomb or suicide attack or assassination . The city is n't lacking a security presence -- it is awash in it . Two years ago there were checkpoints , but nowhere near the number we 've seen these past days , nor were those manning those checkpoints as , let 's say , fastidious as they are now . Just moving around the city is an exercise in moving from one checkpoint to the next , each manned by young men who themselves , one imagines , fear the next car could be the last one they ever inspect . Getting around the city is as difficult as ever . Traffic jams are a way of life here , but they seem worse because of the security presence . Check points and police posts are everywhere , but they ca n't stop every attack -- eight bombs have gone off in Baghdad in the past two days as I write this . READ MORE : 26 killed in bombings in northern Iraq People have to get on with life , and do the best they can . One target of the terrorists is marketplaces , where locals put their lives on the line just to shop for dinner . Many buildings damaged during the war sit unrepaired , but there are signs of construction too . There 's even a mall of sorts being built not far from where we 're staying . Many parts of the city retain a tattered feel , like it 's a tired city , weary of the tribulations of the last decade . Public services are a problem -- electricity can still be patchy , there 's no shortage of roads needing repair , unemployment is high , sewage systems are in desperate need of repair . Iraq 's to-do list , despite growing oil revenues , is a long one . In the "  bad old days " of , say , 2005-2007 , barely a day went by when , sitting in our bureau , we would not hear a boom or gunshots , some dulled by distance , others rattling our windows . One day , a stray bullet pierced one of those windows . Those booms are back . Plenty has been reported about the violence in Ramadi and Fallujah and the resurgence of al-Qaeda linked radicals , but the killing is widespread -- from Mosul in the north to Baghdad to the south of the country . Dr. Ayad Allawi was Iraq 's first post-Saddam head of government , serving as interim Prime Minister in 2004 and 2005 . Tough as nails , but a committed secularist , he looks at his country today with more than a dose of pessimism . "  Unfortunately the country is moving on a sectarian road now , " he tells me as we sit in his office , hidden behind blast walls and protected by government and private security . "  It was very dangerous to start with , and I warned leaders in the region .  Now  Iraq has started a civil war -- it has n't reached the point of no return , but if it does then the whole region will burn up . " He points the finger of blame in many directions , from Syria to the U.S. to Iran , but mainly at the man who now holds his old job -- Prime Minister al-Maliki . "  He does n't believe in power sharing , he does n't believe in reconciliation , " Allawi says . "  He promised to do these things once he became Prime Minister , but in effect he talks against this -- accusing everyone else of being a terrorist , or corrupt , or extremist and so on . "  Authoritarian regimes do n't work in this country -- we tried this before and it did n't work . No one sect can rule , no one party can rule , no one man can rule -- we want a democratic country but this is not , unfortunately , what this government wants . " READ MORE : Zakaria on why Iraq is in turmoil There is no shortage of those who also point to al-Maliki , a Shia Muslim , and his sectarian brand of governing and say his alienation of Sunnis is why al Qaeda-linked fighters could reappear so easily to once again wreak havoc . Extremists thrive on disaffection , and there is plenty of that in Anbar and Mosul and other places . Allawi is also unhappy with the U.S. , saying they have made a "  huge mistake " by supporting al-Maliki without also turning the screws on him to engage Sunni leaders and include them in a meaningful way in the running of the country . "  They can support al-Maliki -- that 's up to them , " he says . "  But they should clarify to him that their support is conditional on inclusivity of the political process and respecting the constitution and respecting human rights . " I suggest to him that the Americans have of late been applying some of that pressure , but he disagrees . "  Of course the Americans are not doing this , " he says . "  I do n't know if they are pushing , frankly speaking -- I do believe they may pay lip service , but they do n't fully use the influence they have as friends of Mr. al-Maliki . " Over the course of more than a dozen trips to Iraq since the war began , I 've always encountered angry Iraqis -- angry at the American troops , angry at the lack of services , angry at the insurgents and the sectarian bloodletting . But on this visit , I 've found a hardening of attitudes right down the sectarian line -- Shias who feel Sunnis are al Qaeda-supporting extremists , and Sunnis who tell terrible tales of persecution , exclusion and fear of being detained based on their religion alone . The moderates who wish to embrace their fellow Iraqi , regardless of sect , are becoming harder to find .	CNN 's Michael Holmes returns to Iraq for first time in 2 years Holmes : Mood in Baghdad is one of dread over where next bomb will go off Public services are spotty and deadly bombings are daily occurrence across country Former Prime Minister tells CNN Iraq seems stuck on path to sectarian war
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- At least 70 people in one Chinese province have suffered food poisoning in recent days after eating pig organs contaminated by a banned food additive , state-run media reported Monday . Health officials in the Guangdong province in southeast China said most were treated at hospitals and released , but at least three people remained hospitalized , the China Daily newspaper reported . The victims complained of stomach aches and diarrhea after eating pig organs bought in local markets since Thursday , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . A local health official said initial investigations indicated that the pig organs were contaminated by clenbuterol , an additive that is banned in pig feed in China . Three people were detained for suspected involvement in raising and selling contaminated pigs , authorities said . Clenbuterol can prevent pigs from accumulating fat but is harmful to humans and can be fatal . One of the largest food poisoning cases involving clenbuterol happened in Shanghai in September 2006 , when 336 people were hospitalized after eating pig meat or organs contaminated with the additive , China Daily said .	Xinhua : Victims complained of stomach aches and diarrhea after eating pig organs Clenbuterol can prevent pigs from accumulating fat but is harmful to people Report : 336 hospitalized in 2006 after eating clenbuterol-tainted pig meat , organs
CNN  -- I was in my office last week when a 14-year-old soccer player came in with her parents . She told me a story that is , unfortunately , very common . She had been at practice when she planted her foot , twisted her knee and went down in a heap . "  I felt a pop , " she said . Even before examining her knee , I knew it was n't going to be good news . The knee was swollen , the first indication that bleeding inside the joint , called a hemarthrosis , had occurred . I pulled on her knee to test the ligaments and unfortunately , my suspicions were confirmed . She had torn her anterior cruciate ligament . Because of its poor blood supply and location inside the knee , the ACL has the unfortunate distinction of being the ligament in the knee with the worst healing potential . This is important since the ACL has the most important job , keeping the femur  thigh bone  and the tibia  leg bone  moving in unison during twisting maneuvers . ACL injury is a buzz word among athletes . In young athletes , it 's an unfortunate reality , as they are occurring at increasing rates over the past two decades . In part it 's because more children are playing competitive sports and doing so at a younger ages . But they are also playing longer seasons and sometimes all year . Now the American Academy of Pediatrics is advising doctors in a new clinical report on the best ways to approach and treat ACL injuries in children . Teens who play sports have heard about the injury and know it is n't good . What they do n't quite realize , however , are the future implications . Famous athletes such as quarterback Tom Brady and alpine skier Lindsey Vonn have come back after ACL surgery , so how bad can it be ? The truth is that surgery can restore knee function , but it does little to diminish the risk of arthritis 15 to 20 years down the line . Regardless of whether an athlete has surgery , the risk of arthritis skyrockets later in life from an ACL tear . Kids who tear their ACL today are often left with 60-year-old knees when they 're 30 . If parents and coaches realized the long-term implications of an ACL injury , I think they 'd be more attuned to prevention . Multiple studies have demonstrated that strong muscles , particularly the landing muscles in the hips , glutes and hamstrings , can prevent ACL injuries from happening . There are many resources to develop strength programs , including the PEP program and The ACL Solution . These and other programs are easy to implement at home or practice and twice per week is enough to make a difference . The new American Academy of Pediatrics report advocates this kind of training . Demand that your youth sports programs have ACL prevention programs . If they do n't , set them up . Although boys and girls are at risk for ACL injury , post-pubertal girls are at least four times more likely to tear their ACL than boys . Parents can and should intervene to make sure their kids are safe . When I see young athletes who tear their ACL , one of the first questions their parents ask is : What could we have done to prevent this ? The answer : everything .	The anterior cruciate ligament , inside the knee , serves a crucial function ACL injuries are increasing among young athletes A new report recommends training to prevent ACL injuries
Alamo Heights , Texas  CNN  -- Valerie Redus has spent much of her time crying , since her son Cameron was killed by a campus police officer in Texas last week . For now , she and her husband Mickey are withholding judgment about who was at fault for his death -- their 23-year-old son or Cpl. Christopher Carter , who shot him Friday . "  We wish that everybody else would do the same , would reserve judgment until facts are known , " Mickey Redus told CNN 's George Howell late Tuesday . The official account has left the Reduses in disbelief . "  It just seems very inconsistent with ... the young man that we knew , " Mickey Redus said . Now that the popular honor student is dead , everywhere his parents look , people remind them of how upstanding he was , he said . About 100 students turned out to a vigil to mourn his loss Saturday at the Catholic school . The Reduses do n't see how their son could have done anything so wrong as to deserve being shot . Police say that Redus heavily resisted arrest and even assaulted Carter , a campus police officer at University of the Incarnate Word , a Catholic school in Alamo Heights that Redus attended . Carter gave him multiple warnings before using his weapon . He fired six shots , hitting Redus five times , said Alamo Heights police Chief Richard Pruitt . Redus was later pronounced dead at the scene . Mickey Redus said that he and his wife are not sad for their son 's sake . "  We believe him to be in heaven beginning the greatest adventure ever . But for ourselves there 's pain , " he said , as his composure gave way to sobs , "  because there 's this huge hole that 's left by his presence here with us . " In spite of heaven , they wish he was still with them . "  I 'd give anything if he 'd walk right through that door , " Valerie Redus said . A traffic stop It started with a night out , and student Robert Cameron Redus , who went by his middle name , had some drinks . One of his friends later confirmed she had been barhopping with him . Someone took pictures of the outing . Redus ' mother studied them . Everyone was smiling ; she ca n't imagine how the night ended so tragically . "  I was glad that he was able to spend it with his classmates , " Valerie Redus said . At the end of the night , Redus was headed in the direction of his apartment , when he drove past Carter , who was patrolling in a campus police pickup truck , Pruitt said . The student sped into a construction zone in "  bad weather conditions , " he said . Carter followed him . Redus struck a curb on the right , Carter reported , then swerved left into the opposite lane of traffic , so the officer switched on his emergency lights and pulled him over , Pruitt said . Redus pulled into the apartment complex where he lived , and Carter said he followed , but he made a fateful slip . He reported the wrong street location to police dispatchers , which caused his call to be routed to a police department farther away . Alamo Heights police could have made it there to assist him sooner , but his call went to their San Antonio counterparts . This caused a delay of several minutes in response time , Pruitt said . He was left alone with Redus , and things went wrong . The two men fought . Had Pruitt 's officers , who were closer , been called to respond , Redus might still be alive , the chief said . The scuffle Investigators have Carter 's report on the matter , and some witnesses heard or saw parts of his confrontation with Redus . One of them called police . A dash cam captured the audio , but there is no video , since the camera 's mount was broken . The lens was pointed in the wrong direction . But the sound of the scuffle was revealing , police have said . Carter ordered Redus to put his hands on his vehicle , the campus officer later told police . At first , he obeyed . But when the officer pulled out his handcuffs , the student refused to cooperate , Pruitt said . The two scuffled for more than six minutes . "  Officer Carter instructed Robert Redus 14 times to place his hands behind his back , and informed him three times that he was under arrest , and to stop resisting 56 times , " Pruitt said , referring to the recording . Carter pulled his baton , but Redus took it away and beat him with it , Pruitt said . Pruitt said the officer had injuries on his arm and head that corroborate his account . Carter was able to wrestle the baton away from Redus . But then the student charged at the officer with his arm raised , police said . Carter warned him four times that he would shoot if Redus did not stop , Pruitt said . Carter opened fire . He is on administrative leave after the shooting , which is standard procedure . He is taking the incident very hard , Pruitt said . "  This is not an easy thing for him , I can assure you . " Disbelief shared Friends at the school say the Cameron Redus they knew was n't the type to attack police . They knew a student who made the dean 's list at college and had been co-valedictorian at a Christian high school back home in Baytown , Texas , east of Houston . "  He is one of the nicest , most caring , compassionate guys ever . Not a mean bone in his body , " Redus ' friend Jonathan Guajardo said . Guajardo believes deadly force was unnecessary and grilled Pruitt on the topic at a news conference . He questioned whether Redus was a real threat to Carter , who Pruitt conceded was much taller and heavier . People trusted Cameron , Redus ' mother said . His former boss turned over to him the keys to his business and computer passwords , she said . His managers came to his vigil to talk about how hardworking he was . Cameron did good deeds , his father said . He regularly helped an elderly man do his shopping . His son had a knack for people , he said . He backpacked across South America . He stayed with indigenous people and took on odd jobs for room and board while he picked up Spanish . They couple looks at photos of his adventures to remind themselves of how intensely he enjoyed his life . When they do , the tears come rushing back . Shooting leaves 2 high schoolers dead at house party near Houston Video captures beating of college student in Atlantic City ; student sues cops Joshua Rubin reported from Alamo Heights , Texas . Ben Brumfield and David Simpson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and George Howell contributed to this report .	Robert Cameron Redus ' parents believe he is in heaven but are in pain over his loss Police : Campus officer says Redus struggled with him , hit him Police chief says Cpl. Christopher Carter is now on administrative leave Friends : Redus was on college dean 's list , was co-valedictorian at his high school
New York  CNN  -- Galleon Group founder Raj Rajaratnam used "  stolen business information to steal tens of millions of dollars , " a federal prosecutor said today in opening statements of what could be the largest insider trading trial in years . Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Streeter laid out in detail his case against Rajarantnam , a Wharton Business school graduate who Streeter said "  exploited a corrupt network of people " for his own illicit gain . Streeter cited wiretaps the government was able to obtain in 2008 to build its case . Rajaratnam is charged with 14 counts of conspiracy and securities fraud . The government alleges he made $ 45 million from insider trading tips and conspired with others , including employees at Galleon , board presidents and consultants . A jury of seven women and five men has been seated for the trial , which is expected to last 10 weeks . Rajaratnam could face 20 years in jail if convicted . It took Streeter about an hour to run through the names of witnesses who will testify against Raj , who have "  already pled guilty to insider trading . " Judge Richard Holwell 's courtroom was overflowing with guests and media , causing two overflow rooms to be opened up . After the government presented its opening statements , defense attorney John Dowd painstakingly went through almost every charge against his client , saying , "  He is not guilty ; he only traded on expert information . " Dowd said the government has it "  wrong , and they want you to believe the words of the unbelievable . " He attacked the credibility of the presumed government witnesses , noting that each one faces 25 years in prison . "  They are on a leash , " Dowd said . "  The prosecution holds the keys to the jailhouse . " Court will resume Thursday at 9:30 a.m.	Galleon Group founder Raj Rajaratnam goes on trial on insider trading charges Prosecutor : Defendant "  exploited a corrupt network of people " for his own gain Defense : Rajaratnam "  only traded on expert information " Jury of seven women , five men will hear the case , expected to last 10 weeks
New York  CNN  -- On the second page of the executive summary of the 9/11 commission report is a line we should all remember : " -LSB- T -RSB- he 9/11 attacks were a shock but they should not have been a surprise . Islamist extremists had given plenty of warning that they meant to kill Americans indiscriminately and in large numbers . " Christmas Day could easily have gone into history as another day nearly as infamous as Pearl Harbor day or 9/11 . The United States was attacked , allegedly by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who got past whatever security precautions might have stopped him from boarding Northwest Flight 253 for Detroit , Michigan . If the attack had been successful , 279 passengers and 11 crew members would probably be dead , and we would n't be discussing Democrats hiding behind closed doors to wrap up a health care bill . Thankfully no one was killed , and the threat was stopped by the incompetence of the would-be bomber , not the competence of our security apparatus . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said immediately after the incident that "  the system worked , " intending to refer to what happened after the failed bombing . But people took it as a defense of the overall system , and she had to spend time clarifying her comment afterward . Clearly the system did n't work . Her boss , the president , made that plain in his comments Tuesday : "  The bottom line is this : The U.S. government had sufficient information to have uncovered this plot and potentially disrupt the Christmas Day attack , but our intelligence community failed to connect those dots which would have placed the suspect on the no-fly list , " Obama said . And now we find out our most important ally , Britain , also had sufficient intelligence and had warned us in advance about AbdulMutallab . Pre-9 / 11 , our guard was down . Airport security was a joke , and our national intelligence apparatus was a bunch of fiefdoms that did n't want to cooperate and would n't share information with each other . In the aftermath of that great American tragedy , 9/11 , the system was supposed to be fixed . The Department of Homeland Security was created and all intelligence was put under one entity , headed by the director of national intelligence . But the failures outlined Tuesday are the same failures that caused 9/11 . Why have we as Americans spent billions of dollars , inconvenienced our lives , and lost many of our own freedoms ? And in spite of the fortunate outcome in Detroit , is this next decade going to be one in which Americans lose more freedoms ? Or is it going to be one in which we say , "  Stop ! I am not going to be intimidated . " I know we live in a dangerous time , but are we letting the other side win by letting our way of life be taken away from us by being overly cautious and maybe even overprotected ? How come every time a system breaks down , we citizens are made to endure more ? Even before the president and his homeland security secretary issue their new travel guidelines , I know more of my personal freedoms are going to be eroded . As someone who has traveled extensively , I now look at going to an airport with the same dread I felt as a kid going to the dentist . I know it is going to be a painful experience . If I thought for one moment the TSA teams  50,000 plus strong  at the airport , who treat me as a potential terrorist , could actually catch a real terrorist , I might be a more willing victim of their harassment . I now have to be searched , my computer and Kindle stacked separately , shoes off  thanks to Richard Reid , another incompetent bomber  , belt , wallet , watch and whatever else taken out , and have my ticket and ID checked every 10 feet even though I am in their secure space . Now my underwear is to be viewed as a secret weapon . How does a man on a watch list , whose very own father turns him in as a potential terrorist , plunk down $ 3,000 in cash and get on a plane anywhere ? We as taxpayers are now spending billions on airport security and other intelligence to keep us safe . My challenge is : Get what you need , but get it right ! No more excuses . When I worked in the White House , I was told it was the big leagues . Zero defects was the rule . It was like the National Football League and you had to perform at the very top level or you were gone . We have just finished the regular season of the National Football League and there are some lessons to be learned from that sport . Perform and you survive . Do n't perform and you are fired . Eight years after 9/11 , the system failed . Mr. President , follow the example of your neighbor , the unpopular Redskins owner Dan Snyder , and hold someone accountable . Snyder fired his general manager and his football coach for a failed season . You need to fire someone for the security failures . This is the second big-time security failure this year -- the White House gate crashers and now the Detroit bomber . The two agencies that have failed security big-time are the Secret Service and TSA . The person in charge of both agencies is Janet Napolitano . Fire her and convince us that standing in long lines at airports is worth the price . Getting mad is not enough , Mr. President . We 're mad too . But you can do something about it ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Before 9/11 , airport security was a joke and agencies feuded , Ed Rollins says He says Detroit incident shows similar problems persist Obama needs to do more than get mad , he must hold someone responsible , Rollins says He says Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano should be fired
It was a moment Jose Diaz knew he did n't want to miss . The day laborer and undocumented immigrant waited for more than 10 years to see it . "  I missed work today , " he said , "  but I felt like I had to be here . " Diaz was in the crowd cheering after California Gov. Jerry Brown signed a law Thursday that will allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses in his state . "  This is only the first step , " Brown said from the steps of Los Angeles City Hall , adding that he hopes other states will follow California 's example . "  When a million people without their documents drive legally and with respect in the state of California , the rest of this country will have to stand up and take notice , " he said . "  No longer are undocumented people in the shadows . They are alive and well and respected in the state of California . " The new measure , known as Assembly Bill 60 , requires the California Department of Motor Vehicle issue driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants who can prove their identities , have established California residency and pass driving exams . The law goes into effect no later than January 1 , 2015 . Details about how the new licenses will look and the exact process for obtaining them are still in the works . But even so , supporters of the measure cheered the signing of the law . "  To have a license is not a luxury . It is a necessity , because in cars we go to work , to school and shopping and without a license really we are limited in many things , " said Frida Hinojosa , an undocumented immigrant . For more than a year , driver 's licenses and other state benefits have been at the heart of a battle in the nationwide immigration debate . Supporters of licenses for undocumented immigrants argue that it 's safer to have more drivers trained and insured , and opponents argue that such systems are rife with fraud . The rules vary from state to state . In January , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said she would push to repeal the state law allowing undocumented immigrants to obtain driver 's licenses . That same month , the governor of Illinois signed a new law that would allow undocumented immigrants to get temporary licenses . In at least 45 states , officials have said recipients of deferred action -- the Obama administration 's program for young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children -- are eligible for driver 's licenses , according to the National Immigration Law Center . But in some states , like Arizona and Nebraska , officials have stepped up efforts to stop licenses from being issued , the law center said .	Gov. Jerry Brown : "  No longer are undocumented people in the shadows " The new law will allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses Brown says he hopes other states will follow California 's example Driver 's licenses have been at the heart of a nationwide immigration debate
Paris  CNN  International arrest warrants have been issued for three men suspected of having carried out a 1982 attack on a Jewish restaurant in Paris , the spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor said Wednesday . Six people were killed and 22 injured in the attack on the Jo Goldenberg kosher restaurant on Rue des Rosiers in the French capital 's central Marais district . The three suspects live in Ramallah , West Bank ; Jordan ; and Norway , the prosecutor 's spokeswoman , Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre , told CNN . According to CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV , a live grenade was thrown into the restaurant , in the heart of Paris ' historic Jewish quarter , in August 1982 when it was packed with customers . The attackers then opened fire with guns . Investigators attributed the attack at the time to a Palestinian splinter group , BFMTV reported , but no group claimed responsibility . News of the arrest warrants comes at a time of at a time of heightened sensitivity in France over religion and terrorist threats . Four people were killed in a terror attack in January on a kosher supermarket in Paris by an Islamist extremist , Amedy Coulibaly , who also shot a policewoman . Two other gunmen killed 12 more people in an attack on the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine , targeted because it published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . Several cemeteries were also vandalized last month , with the damage including swastikas scrawled inside two Jewish cemeteries . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Paris prosecutor : Arrest warrant is issued for three men suspected in the 1982 attack Six people were killed and 22 people injured in the attack on the kosher restaurant
Criticism covered the French Foreign Minister 's Facebook page and an air of disappointment hovered over much of Tehran just hours after word came that Iran and the world powers had failed to reach an agreement on Iran 's nuclear program . "  We thought we were going to have good news , " said Houman , a 24 year-old Iranian actor who has been following the talks . "  We were hopeful both sides were going to reach a compromise . We were disappointed when it did n't happen . " Read more : U.S. is n't ` stupid ' on Iran , says Kerry The Sunday blues in Tehran were in stark contrast to the palpable surge of optimism here 48 hours earlier . On Friday , Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said a "  framework " for a deal had been agreed to . When all six foreign ministers representing the P5 +1 -- the U.S. , UK , France , Russia , China and Germany -- announced plans to fly to Geneva and join the marathon talks , many Iranians felt an agreement on the first stage of a broader deal was near . "  I really thought there was going to be a deal , but all of a sudden it fell apart , " said taxi driver Alireza Hashemi . The talks in Geneva were held behind closed doors with remarkable secrecy . Two U.S. administration officials told CNN that under a potential deal , Iran would halt enriching uranium to 20 % -- a key step on the path to a nuclear weapon -- and render unusable most of its existing stockpile of higher enriched uranium . But rumors and reports swirled about possible divisions among the P5 +1 countries -- with some members pushing for Iran to offer more , including a guarantee not to activate its heavy water reactor in Arak . What ultimately spoiled an agreement remains unclear , but many Iranians took to social media to blame French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . Shortly after arriving in Geneva , Fabius warned against signing a "  sucker 's deal " with Iran and told a French radio station : "  It is necessary to take fully into account Israel 's security concerns . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the proposed agreement a "  bad deal for peace , " and said : "  Iran is not required to take apart even one centrifuge . But the international community is relieving sanctions on Iran for the first time after many years . Iran gets everything that it wanted at this stage and pays nothing . " Read more : Why U.S. and Israel are split on Iran deal Suddenly , due to ordinary Iranians ' anger with Fabius , it seemed the U.S. government was no longer public enemy number one in Tehran . "  History wo n't forget your hostility , " Omid Mousavi wrote on the French FM 's Facebook page . "  We hope for Iranian and American pride and Chevrolets instead of Peugeots . " And Mohammad Reza Ghasemi wrote : "  I was always respectful of people who come from France . But you have already spoiled it for me . Can you make it clear for us whether you are Foreign Minister of France or Israel ? " Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif did n't mention any names but appeared to confirm on his Facebook page that the deal was blocked by a single member of the P5 +1 . "  The possibility of reaching an agreement with the P5 +1 existed but it was necessary for everyone to be on the same path , and you heard from public remarks from the ministers that one of the delegations had some problems , " Zarif wrote on his Facebook page . Representatives from Iran and the P5 +1 are scheduled to meet again in Geneva on November 20 in another attempt to resolve a decade long dispute over Iran 's nuclear program . Read more : Iranian official assassinated in Tehran Despite their disappointment , millions of Iranians will likely tune in again for the outcome , eager for a settlement they hope will ease more than three decades of economic sanctions and political isolation from the West . "  The little wisdom I have tells me there are things happening behind closed doors that we 're not aware of , " says store clerk Amir Ghassemi . "  But we 've learned to live with hope . "	World powers and Iran fail to reach deal over Tehran 's nuclear program Many Iranians blame French foreign minister for lack of agreement after talks French foreign minister says Israel 's security concerns must be taken into account Israeli prime minister has said proposed agreement was "  a bad deal for peace "
Educators and Parents : This Educator and Parent Guide is provided for teachers and parents to use as a catalyst for discussion and learning if they choose to watch this program with their students . CNN provides Educator and Parent Guides for all of its "  In America " programming . CNN Student News  -- Watch or record "  Latino in America 2 : In Her Corner " when it airs on CNN at 8 p.m. ET/PT Saturday , October 1 . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . Documentary Description : "  Latino in America 2 : In Her Corner " follows Marlen Esparza 's journey to the 2012 Olympics , the first games to allow women to compete in boxing . The 21-year-old , five-time national champion weighs 112 pounds and hits so quickly and so hard that she has to spar with the guys . Marlen has n't been interested in things you 'd expect most young women her age to pursue . Instead , she 's been fixated on boxing since she was 12 . She is smart enough to get full academic scholarships to top colleges , but postponed university because she and her working-class , Mexican-American family dream she will get to be among the first women to represent the U.S. in the Olympics . Marlen 's biggest competition is Christina Cruz , a Puerto Rican fighter from Hell 's Kitchen . "  Latino in America 2 : In Her Corner " airs September 25th at 8 p.m. ET . It is recommended that teachers and parents preview this program as it contains video from boxing matches that may not be appropriate for some students . Recommended grades : 9-12 Subject Areas : Social Studies , Hispanic/Latino Studies , Physical Education , Sports Before-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to promote discussion before viewing the program . 1 . What does it mean to be Latino or Hispanic ? Do you think that these terms are interchangeable , or do you feel that they have separate meanings ? Explain . 2 . What aspects of your life , if any , do you think are influenced by your heritage ? Which aspects of your life do you think are not related to your cultural background ? 3 . What do you think might be the potential rewards and risks of participating in a contact sport like boxing ? Do these types of sports interest you ? Why or why not ? Post-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to facilitate discussion and critical thinking after watching "  In Her Corner . " Who is Marlen Esparza ? What aspects of Esparza 's heritage are revealed in the documentary ? How did Rudy Silva challenge Esparza when he first met her ? How did she react to this challenge ? How long has Esparza trained under Silva ? What does Esparza say about why other boxers do n't stay with Silva ? Why do you think that Esparza continues to train under him ? According to the program : How much of Esparza 's life is dedicated to training ? What are some aspects of her training regimen ? What rules has Silva imposed on Esparza ? What impact , if any , do you think that these rules might have had on Esparza 's training and her ability to compete ? According to the documentary , many U.S. boxers are working-class Latinos and African-Americans . Why do you think that boxing might appeal to these groups ? When will women 's boxing become an Olympic sport ? Why do you think that U.S. Olympic boxing Coach Gloria Peek says that boxing "  is the last great domain of men " ? Do you agree with her statement ? Why or why not ? Why do you think that women 's boxing has not appeared in previous Olympic Games ? Who is Christina Cruz ? What do Esparza and Cruz each say about the other 's boxing style ? How do you think they know this information ? How might they use this knowledge in the boxing ring ? Who wins the first match in Colorado between Esparza and Cruz ? What do the results of this fight mean for each boxer ? How does each fighter react to the match 's results ? Who ultimately wins the National Championship ? What lessons do you think each boxer has learned from competing in this sport ? What lessons do you think that others can learn from them ? What companies give Esparza sponsorship deals ? What do you think might be the benefits and drawbacks , if any , of an athlete having commercial sponsors ? Why do you think that some of the people in the program , including Silva and Esparza , say that boxing keeps people out of trouble ? What do you think might be some advantages and disadvantages of having young people involved in sports ? Media Literacy Questions How can different forms of media be used to change perceptions about cultural groups and gender in sports ? What kinds of diverse sports and athletes would you like to see more of in professional sports and sports media ? What do you think might be some challenges for a producer who is trying to develop a documentary about a particular culture ? Learning Activity Ask students to brainstorm a list of Latino or Hispanic sports figures , past and present . Divide the class into groups , and have each group select one of these athletes . Guide each group as its members research their chosen athlete 's life , including his or her background , culture and achievements . Encourage students to identify objects that could be included in a museum exhibit telling the story of this athlete 's life . Inform each group that its exhibit should also contain artifacts that demonstrate both that person 's cultural heritage and impact on his or her sport . After groups have completed their research , challenge each group to build a model , draw a labeled sketch or write a paragraph about their exhibit and present it to the class . After each presentation , have individual students give constructive feedback regarding the selection of artifacts and the overall design of the exhibit . Generate a class discussion after the presentations . Ask students : What contributions did these athletes make to their individual sports ? What role did culture play in the life stories of these athletes ? Which athletes would students consider as role models for others ? How might athletes serve as role models for young people who come from similar backgrounds , as well as from different backgrounds ? Curriculum Connections Social Studies National Curriculum Standards for Social Studies : The Themes of Social Studies 2 TIME , CONTINUITY , AND CHANGE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ways human beings view themselves in and over time . 3 . PEOPLE , PLACES , AND ENVIRONMENTS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of people , places , and environments . 5 . INDIVIDUALS , GROUPS , AND INSTITUTIONS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The National Curriculum Standards for the Social Studies are produced by the National Council for the Social Studies .	"  Latino in America 2 : In Her Corner " follows Marlen Esparza 's journey to the 2012 Olympics , the first games to allow women to compete in boxing . Parents and educators can use this guide to initiate discussion with students about the documentary
CNN  -- "  I love Merion , and I do n't even know her last name , " legendary golfer Lee Trevino was once memorably quoted when asked about the venue for this week 's U.S. Open . "  Supermex " had good cause for his admiration of the famous inland links near Philadelphia , having won the 1971 edition of the tournament after a playoff with Jack Nicklaus , no less . Nicklaus , who went on to win a record 18 major titles , described Merion 's championship East Course as "  Acre for acre , maybe the best test of golf in the world . " Current No. 1 Tiger Woods is another big fan . "  You have to be so disciplined to play that course , " he said after a recent practice round . So what is it about the Merion which evokes such praise -- and what will await Woods and his rivals when they bid for major glory this week ? Thursday 's opening round was disrupted by the arrival of predicted bad weather , but there is much more at the Pennsylvania venue to challenge the world 's top golfers . CNN 's Living Golf has gone behind the scenes at the iconic venue to provide the definitive guide to the magic of Merion and all its charms . Wicker wonders Foremost among them are the famous red wicker baskets which are positioned above the pin sticks in place of conventional flags -- a peculiarity these days , though more common earlier in the history of golf . They first appeared at Merion in 1915 , three years after the course opened in September 1912 . The historical origins of the baskets and indeed the reason for them remain unclear , but by the time the 1916 U.S. Amateur Championship was hosted -- the first major event on the course -- they were still in place and have remained ever since . The green staff even have a special machine into which each individual wicker basket flag can be gathered up each night in the "  wicker cart . " When a move to replace "  the wickers " with standardized flags was mooted , the outcry was loud and clear . But , according to Trevino , they add to the challenge facing the golfers , particularly in breezy conditions . "  Generally when we stand out in the middle of the fairway we can see which way the flag is blowing so we have some idea of how to play the wind , " he told CNN . "  But with the wicker baskets , no ! " Whoever emerges the winner this Sunday evening will be presented with a wicker basket to commemorate their win along with the championship trophy . One-iron wonder In 1950 , the legendary American golfer Ben Hogan won the U.S. Open at Merion -- just 16 months after suffering terrible injuries in an automobile crash which nearly claimed his life . By a curious twist , and for the only time , the wicker baskets were not used that year . Perhaps they did not want to upset Hogan -- who had the unfair reputation of being a ruthless and aloof winning machine -- on his courageous comeback trail . So when he came to play his second shot to the testing par-four 18th in the final round , he would have seen a flag blowing in the far distance over 200 yards away . Struggling with pain from his still-healing injuries and knowing he needed to find the small green with his shot to have any real chance of joining two other golfers in a playoff , Hogan selected a one-iron club -- which hits the ball far and low if hit correctly . Ever the perfectionist , Hogan 's strike was pure perfection and brought gasps from the galleries as it arrowed its way to the heart of the green . Two putts for a par were enough and he won the next day 's 18-hole playoff against Lloyd Mangrum and George Fazio . The drama of the moment was captured for posterity by famous Sports Illustrated and Life Magazine photographer Hy Peskin . It is rated one of the best sports photos of the 20th century . That club used by Hogan now resides in the U.S. Golf Association Museum as one of its prized exhibits . Iconic winners Hogan would be near the top of any list of all-time great golfers , but call it coincidence , the best of the best have filled the honors board at Merion . The 1916 U.S. Amateur was the first tournament for a 14-year-old Bobby Jones . He returned in 1924 to win the event , but his victory in 1930 is best remembered . In the days before the U.S. Masters and PGA Championship , the majors were considered to be the U.S. and British Opens and the British and U.S. Amateur Championships . Jones , the dominant golfer of his era , amateur or professional , arrived at Merion in September 1930 needing to win the U.S. Amateur to complete the set in the same calendar year . In the 36-hole final , played to a matchplay format , he thrashed his unfortunate opponent Eugene Homans , watched by a massive crowd . A reporter labeled the feat as the "  Grand Slam " -- a term which has stuck . It was to prove Jones ' final tournament as he retired from competition aged just 28 to practice law , although he was the driving force behind founding the Masters at Augusta . Olin Dutra won the first U.S. Open to be staged at Merion in 1934 , Hogan 's 1950 heroics have gone down in golfing folklore , while Nicklaus famously led the United States to victory there in the Eisenhower Trophy  the World Amateur Team Championship  in 1960 . His four-round total of 269 is considered one of the greatest displays in the history of the game , but when Nicklaus returned to Merion for the U.S. Open at the peak of his powers in 1971 he found Trevino barring his way to victory . They both tied in 280 level par after four rounds on a course Trevino described as holding "  a lot of trouble and with a lot of tall grass . " Few gave him much chance in the playoff , but with a round of 68 to Nicklaus ' 71 he claimed his second U.S. Open and his words "  had beaten the best " giving him the belief he "  really belonged " in very elite of golf . David Graham claimed the fourth staging of U.S Open at Merion in 1980 and was in awe of his place in golfing history , becoming the first Australian to win the tournament . "  Bobby Jones won there , Trevino , Hogan won there and then this little kid from Australia comes along and wins , " he told CNN . Hogan phoned him after his victory and they had lunch . "  He liked international players , he congratulated me on winning . It was cool , " Graham said . Anyone for cricket Coming from Australia , Graham would acknowledge that while golf is a popular sport , cricket is a national obsession as it is in England -- the two battling for supremacy for the famous Ashes . When the original Merion club was founded in 1865 -- a playground for the rich society elite of Philadelphia -- the British influence was still strong , so cricket was the chosen sport for the country club setting , while tennis also became popular . In 1896 , a golf club was formed from the membership and a course built on existing grounds . The Merion East Course came later -- completed in 1912 and built on land acquired near Ardmore . It was designed by one of the club 's members , Scotsman Hugh Wilson -- who had never done such a job before . Scottish roots He went back home to find inspiration from Scotland 's famous coastal links courses , and it was he who introduced the wicker baskets . North Berwick Golf Course , near the border of England , has a strong resemblance to Merion , particularly the 15th and 17th holes . The style of the bunkers is also different from that commonly found in the United States and according to Trevino are devilishly difficult . They are nicknamed the "  white faces of Merion " and with good reason . "  The Scottish-type bunkers are unbelievable because you think you might be in the bunker , then all of a sudden you 're in the lip of it and you ca n't find your ball , I mean it 's hiding in there ! " Trevino told CNN . Trevino believes that despite its short length by modern standards , the combination of the bunkers , small greens and forbidding rough will leave Tiger and co. with a very real test . "  That 'll be the toughest little 7,000-yard golf course you 'll ever see . " Lunch tee One of other challenges facing the players will be the unusually close proximity of the dining patio to the first tee . Nerves jangling at the start of an important round , the players can almost hear the tinkle of cutlery and glasses as the members tuck in to some fine cuisine . "  It almost feels like you 're teeing off in a carport because the first tee is just outside the door there , " Trevino said . "  That 's the way all the courses used to be . If you go over to Scotland and if you shank a ball out of a bunker , then you 'll break the biggest window in the world in a dining room . "  That 's the way they built it -- they had a lot of property , they did n't waste it . Now you 're building golf courses on 500 acres and nine holes covers five miles ! " Merion , hosting the U.S. Open for the fifth time , takes up a mere 120 acres . All about tradition As Trevino and others have suggested , it is a course absolutely dripping with traditional influence and none more so than the clubhouse , which was once a farmhouse . Players will use a changing room full of big metal lockers and period features . Photos and old scorecards adorn the walls and there is a massive trophy case -- appropriate for a club which has hosted more USGA events , 18 in all , than any other in the United States . The last was the 2009 Walker Cup amateur competition , where the likes of Rickie Fowler helped the United States to victory over Great Britain and Ireland . Once on the course , players and caddies will have to do without yardage markers , while golf carts are prohibited even for members . Graham has nothing but praise for the work of the club in preserving its culture and heritage . "  They 've done such a superb job with their museum , they 're very cognizant of the club 's tradition and they do what Augusta National does . At all costs they protect the integrity of the club , " the 67-year-old said . "  Certain  U.S.  Opens , like the one at Pebble Beach , is a little special and certainly the Open at Merion was special , especially for me . " Doubtless , whoever writes their name into the roll of honor under 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson will take away similar thoughts and join a list of special greats .	Merion is renowned as one of the finest golf courses in the world Legendary players have won important tournaments on the inland links U.S. Open venue is famous for its wicker basket flags Strong Scottish influence in the design of the East Course
CNN  -- Refugees at a settlement in southwestern Uganda have barricaded all roads into the camp to protest a food-aid disruption they say has caused the deaths of several children , refugee leaders said Tuesday . "  We have spent three months without any food supplies from government nor from any food relief or humanitarian agency , " Congolese refugee leader Serugendo Sekalinda said by telephone . The protest began Tuesday after the deaths of three children Monday night , refugees said . Those were the latest of dozens of children who have died in the past two weeks due to hunger , refugee leaders said . But Needa Jehu Hoyah , a spokeswoman for the United Nations refugee agency , known as the UNHCR , told CNN by telephone from the Ugandan capital , Kampala , that no children have died in the Nakivale settlement , which has tens of thousands of refugees . "  We have a malnutrition program -LSB- in Nakivale -RSB- for children , -LSB- but -RSB- no children have died of hunger there , " she said . The UNHCR , along with the U.N. 's World Food Program and the Ugandan government , will deliver a food shipment to the settlement Wednesday , Hoyah said . Uganda 's disaster preparedness and refugees minister , professor Tarsis Kabwejyere , told CNN that the refugees living in that camp -- most of whom fled fighting in the Democratic Republic of Congo -- would have their full rations Wednesday . For a time they 've been getting half rations , he said . "  By tomorrow there will be no food crisis at that settlement , " Kabwejyere said . "  We do our best to make sure humanity survives , even in the hardships in refugee settlements , so people have a reasonable existence . " The food shortage came about as a result of a disruption in the food supply chain and a shortage of money for food , the minister said . Hoyah agreed that there "  were issues with the food pipeline . " Protesters at the Nakivale settlement , about 400 kilometers  248 miles  southwest of Kampala and 6 kilometers  3.7 miles  north of the Ugandan border with Tanzania , gathered at the homes where the most recent deaths of children have occurred , Sekalinda said . "  We are demanding to be relocated to another country where we can be protected from death caused by hunger , " he said . While the settlement 's population is composed mainly of refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo , it also houses refugees from conflicts in Rwanda , Ethiopia , Somalia , Eritrea and Kenya . Nakivale is the largest and oldest of the five refugee settlements in Uganda , having opened more than two decades ago . People living there are provided small plots of land on which to grow crops , and they often build huts made of mud , water and thatched grass . As many as 155,000 refugees live in all the camps in Uganda , according to the UNHCR . As of January of this year , there were also an estimated 853,000 internally displaced persons , or IDPs , the UNHCR says on its Web site . The IDPs were forced from their villages in the past decade by attacks from the Lord 's Resistance Army , which wants to create a democratic government in Uganda based on the Bible 's Ten Commandments . Last week , an African Union summit in Kampala endorsed a declaration to end the forceful displacement of people in all of Africa . Delegates to the poorly attended summit also pledged to aid refugees and IDPs by training them in vocational skills so they could find work during and after their forced displacement . Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala , Uganda , contributed to this report	Lack of food causing deaths of children , refugees at Ugandan settlement say Protest began after three children died Monday , refugee leader says United Nations refugee agency denies any child has died of hunger at Nakivale But agency acknowledges supply problem , says food coming Wednesday
Imlil , Morocco  CNN  The Atlas Mountains have long been home to some of North Africa 's most remote villages . Until a decade ago , running water and electricity were nearly unheard of , and even today are considered luxuries in most of the mountain towns . The local Berber that populate the villages measure distances by hours and days -- the amount of time it usually takes to travel between destinations . Because there are n't any local shops , villagers rely on traveling markets to obtain goods . Many of the vendors still rely on ancient techniques . "  Our grandmothers were making carpets before us . The best carpets in the world can be found in Morocco . It 's an art , " says Fatima Imerhan , a local carpet weaver . Many locals cite the tranquility that life in the Atlas Mountains has to offer as an asset . "  It 's better than a city because in cities there 's a lot of noise , cars , and pollution . But here it 's nice because it 's quiet ,  and there 's  fresh air , " says resident Rachid Souktan . This is a sentiment that is increasingly reflected worldwide , as tourists have started to arrive in increasing numbers in recent years . The majority trek out to Imlil , which has become a kicking off point for skiers and mountain climbers alike . Kasbah Du Toubkal , the village 's first hotel , opened its doors in 1995 . Kasbah started its life as a colonial mansion , but later fell into ruin . "  There was nothing at the Kasbah before . It was completely abandoned and mostly destroyed , " says Omar Ait Bahmed , the hotel 's manager and part-owner . Since , it has attracted some high-profile travelers , including Martin Scorsese , who shot parts of his film "  Kundum " in the hotel in 1997 . Unfortunately , tourism does n't just bring revenue to the region , it also brings problems . Since becoming a travel hotspot the local river has become more polluted and trekkers have complained of garbage strewn along the path to the Mount Toubkal . The hotel is doing its bit to protect the local environment , using solar panels and charging guests a 5 % tax that goes into local cleanup efforts . Ait Bahmed 's partner , Mike McHugo , worries it may not be enough . "  The villagers  have to be very aware that development does n't destroy their rich culture . And that 's one of the reasons tourists come here . So they also have to understand that they must n't spoil the environment , both physical environment and cultural environment , otherwise you 'll spoil the goose that lays the golden egg , " he says . Read more : Five reasons to visit Malawi now Read more : Sea , souks and surfs in Morocco	Until a decade ago , running water and electricity were nearly unheard of around the Atlas Mountains Tourists are drawn by the remoteness of the mountain villages
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Florida A&M University President James Ammons will stay in office during a hazing investigation , the school 's board decided Monday . The A&M board of trustees rejected a request from Gov. Rick Scott to suspend Ammons while officials probe various issues at the school , including the suspected hazing death of a band member . "  We will stand firm against outside influences which hinder the viability of the university , " said Solomon Badger , the board 's chairman . "  It requires us to rely on facts , " he said . The board chose not to vote on Ammons ' status . Ammons was not present for Monday 's meeting , but took part by telephone . On Friday , the medical examiner in Orange County , Florida , ruled that the death of 26-year-old Robert D. Champion was a homicide . The report said Champion was beaten to death during a hazing incident in Orlando on Nov. 19 . No arrests have been made and the case remains under investigation , according to the Orange County Sheriff 's office and the Orange County State Attorney 's Office . Champion 's parent talked about the autopsy report to CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux on Monday . Robert and Pam described the anguish they felt after finding out exactly what killed their son . "  To see the autopsy and the part where they hit him all over his body , ' Champion 's father said . "  It 's pretty painful to know my son had to go through something like that . " Champion 's mother wants those involved to face criminal charges and be held accountable for their actions . But despite the tragedy of their son 's death , the Champions are n't sure hazing will be considered a serious crime until tougher laws with strict penalties are put in place . "  We need laws that 's going to make a person think of the actions , " Champion 's father said . The Board also decided to meet weekly for informational reasons during this process . Scott issued a statement saying , "  For the sake of appearances , and to assure the public that these investigations are clearly independent , I believe it would have been in the best interest of Florida A&M University for President Ammons to step aside until all of these investigations are completed . However , we have a process in Florida for the administration of the State University System , and that process has been followed . " Scott said he will abide by the decision . On Sunday , Scott said he was "  disappointed in the direction the dialogue regarding the hazing-murder of a Florida A&M University student has taken . " "  This week , I learned of reports of at least one child molestation case that took place on campus , " Scott said , referring to a case unrelated to the hazing allegations . He added that Ammons told him he was not aware of the alleged incident until months after it occurred . School trustees already have reprimanded Ammons and placed band director Julian White on administrative leave . FAMU 's National Alumni Association president said Sunday that Scott could place the school 's accreditation in jeopardy by requesting Ammons ' suspension . Tommy Mitchell said the president of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools , which oversees accreditation , warned Scott that school governing boards should be free of influence from government bodies . If the board suspends Ammons at Scott 's direction , it could have unforeseen consequences for the university , he added . "  Gov. Scott should not be in the position of weakening the accreditation of our alma mater , " Mitchell said . Ammons met with Scott on Friday . After the meeting , he said the two had a "  great conversation " and that both "  have the interests of Florida A&M University at heart . " "  The governor made a recommendation , and as governor , he can make a recommendation , " the university president said Friday . "  At the end of the day , it is up to the board of trustees . I will be right along with  their  decision . " Mitchell said the association 's thoughts and prayers are with Champion 's family . But he stressed that hazing is a national problem , and said deaths have occurred at other schools . Twelve to 13 deaths have occurred this year , he said , in Florida and other states , but did not provide specifics . "  Name another university that suspended a president for hazing -- and they have deaths every year , " Mitchell said . " ... Hazing has occurred all over the country . Deaths have occurred all over the country . " He questioned why the situation at Florida A&M is receiving so much attention , adding it may be an "  HBCU  historically black college and university  problem . " In his statement Sunday , Scott said FAMU was not being singled out . He said he has called on all Florida universities to examine their hazing and harassment policies and requested that university presidents remind their students , faculty and staff "  of how detrimental hazing can be . " Controversy has swirled around the Tallahassee university since Champion 's death , including three arrests tied to the alleged hazing of a freshman band member a few weeks earlier . And Jerry Bailey , commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , said last week that investigators looking into Champion 's death have turned up evidence "  that there were financial irregularities having to do with the band and several other components of the university . " The suspected financial irregularities are not directly related to the death . Champion 's parents told CNN that several students have reached out to them since their son 's death , but they have not talked to anyone from FAMU about the investigation or what the is doing to prevent this tragedy from happening again . "  I want to see what kinds of things they 're planning on putting into place . Obviously , what they had in place is not working , " Champion 's mother said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Gov. Rick Scott says he will abide by the decision Florida A&M 's Board of Trustees chooses not to vote on president 's status The death of drum major Robert D. Champion has been ruled a homicide Scott says he was told of a child molestation case on campus
Bourj Hammoud , Lebanon  CNN  -- Film director Nigol Bezjian was born in Syria , raised in Lebanon and studied in the United States , but nowhere does he feel more at home than in Little Armenia . Little Armenia is the vibrant Bourj Hammoud neighborhood of Beirut . Bourj Hammoud was developed mainly in the 1930s by Armenian refugees who arrived in Beirut after massacres of Armenians in 1915 and the collapse of the Ottoman Empire . Armenians and many historians refer to the massacres as genocide , but Turkey has always denied there was a genocide of the Armenian population . Bezjian , 57 , director of the 1992 film "  Chickpeas , " took CNN on a tour of his favorite parts of Bourj Hammoud , taking in a family restaurant , bookshop , church and art gallery , where he catches up with colleagues . He said : "  If you ask me what I am , I would tell you I 'm Armenian . "  Bourj Hammoud has played a significant role especially after 1950s -- this is where the Armenian patriotism was born ... Armenian literature took root again . "  Armenian culture was reborn here in a way . " As he walked down the bustling streets , Bezjian shook hands with people he knew . "  This is the thing I like , you run into people and friends without planning , " he said . In an Armenian bookstore , he said : "  When I come here , I see lots of acquaintances and friends from all different walks of life , I directly connect to my people and I get lots of inspiration from them . " In 2003 , Bezjian made a documentary called "  Muron , " named after the consecrated mixture of oil , flowers , and scents used in various rituals in the Armenian Church . Visiting a church Bourj Hammoud , he said : "  Muron is basically used to consecrate icons and also for baptizing , and I wanted to see how this was made . "  When they do a new one what remains from the oil is mixed in the new one so in a way the Muron that is made today is directly connected to what was made in year 301 . This sense of continuity is very important . " Bezjian said he is not religious , but loves the church for the silence it provides from the noise of the streets outside . "  Church has always played a central role in preserving the Armenian identity and culture , " he added . Bezjian takes CNN to an Armenian radio station where the news is read in Armenian and where he is a regular guest . Ending his tour in a restaurant called Baroud run by a father and son , Bezjian ponders the question of identity . "  In this part of the world people do n't talk about identity so much , it 's a given . Identity is North American invention ... who am I ? You are who you are . "	Film director Nigol Bezjian takes CNN on a guided tour of the Bourj Hammoud neighborhood Bourj Hammoud , on the outskirts of Beirut , is known as Little Armenia Bezjian , director of "  Chickpeas , " says he is Armenian first of all
CNN  -- It would have been unthinkable a matter of months ago , but could Tiger Woods be set to miss out on the 2014 Ryder Cup ? The 38-year old failed to make the cut at this weekend 's PGA Championship at Valhalla and looked far from content as he struggled with a back injury . Woods can not now automatically qualify for the bi-annual matchup between Europe and the U.S. which will take place at Gleneagles in September and is relying on a wildcard pick from U.S. captain , Tom Watson , to have any chance of making the roster . "  It was sore . No doubt it was sore , " Wood 's said of the injury when asked by reporters Friday . "  My body  was telling me on the range it probably was n't a good idea , but I 'm not exactly a non $ ` stubborn person . " "  I need to get stronger physically and be back to where I was . " Woods has missed out on much of the 2014 season with a separate back injury and has struggled for form since his return . He only just made the cut at the British Open in July and is currently ranked at No. 69 in the American standings . Only the top nine players automatically qualify for the Ryder Cup team with three captain 's picks making up the full squad of 12 . Woods wo n't be eligible for the FedEx Cup playoffs later this month meaning he will likely not play competitive golf before Watson announces his wildcards on September 2 . Paul Azinger , who was widely praised for his Ryder Cup captaincy in a five-point win in 2008 , said he would not pick Woods for this year 's team . "  I do n't think I would , " Azinger told the Golf Channel . "  I do n't see how you can take an injured player who is not playing well . " "  And also Tiger has not necessarily been the formula for success either . I just do n't see how you can pick him at this point . "  I am guessing he will call Tom and beg out of this and say I am not ready , make Tom 's decision easier . " Woods told reporters Friday he had not had any conversations about his participation with Watson . When asked of the 14-time major winner 's chances later in the day , Watson said that Woods would only be picked if he is "  free of injury and he is playing well . " The U.S. team has already been weakened by Dustin Johnson 's decision to take a break from the sport to seek "  professional help " to deal with personal challenges . Johnson was ranked fifth in the American standings before his withdrawal and would almost certainly have qualified automatically . There was further worrying news for the U.S. earlier this week as two other likely automatic picks Matt Kuchner and Jason Duffner both withdrew from the PGA event with back and neck injuries respectively . "  We 're falling like flies right now , some of the players that are either on the borderline or on the team . That 's a concern , " Watson said . "  But  there 's time for recovery and there 's certainly a lot of golf to be played between now and September 2 when I make those three picks , " he added .	Tiger Woods misses cut at PGA Championship 14-time major winner can not now automatically qualify for Ryder Cup Woods has struggled with injury and form in 2014
Neurosurgeon Ben Carson stood by his controversial comparison of the United States to Nazi Germany in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday . Asked by Blitzer whether he would amend or take back his comments , Carson said "  Absolutely not . " Carson made the comments during a March interview with conservative news outlet Breitbart.com . He noted that the Third Reich was "  using its tools to intimidate the population , " and said that "  we now live in a society where people are afraid to say what they actually believe . " In elaborating on those comments Wednesday , he again suggested that the U.S. "  government is using instruments of government , like the IRS , to punish its opponents . " Pressed by Blitzer on whether the comparison was appropriate , Carson argued his focus on the specific words was "  part of the problem . " "  What you were doing is allowing words to affect you more than listening to what was actually being said . And that 's part of the problem , " he said . "  You are just focusing on the words ` Nazi Germany ' and completely missing the point of what is being said , " he added . He was also asked about comments that Obamacare was the "  worst thing " that 's happened in the U.S. "  since slavery . " Carson said whether the health care reform law was worse than other crises that have gripped the nation , like the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 or the Great Depression , is "  not the point . " Carson : Race relations have gotten worse under Obama "  The point of what I 'm saying ... is a major fundamental shift of power has occurred , " from the people to the government , and "  if we continue down that road the United States of America becomes something very different than it was intended to be . " Carson 's unapologetic , outspoken style has contributed to his meteoric rise within the conservative movement and the Republican Party more broadly , and he 's begun to raise his profile nationally as he contemplates a 2016 presidential run . RELATED : Ben Carson : Political phenomenon A CNN/ORC poll out this week found Carson unexpectedly taking second place in the GOP field , with 10 percent support , behind only 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney . Carson told CNN that he 'll decide whether to run "  certainly before " May 1 , but that there 's "  no question we 're putting together an infrastructure " in case he decides to jump in . GOP , Dems rally behind Social Security benefit ban for Nazis	Ben Carson said he would "  absolutely not " walk back his comparison of the U.S. to Nazi Germany Carson also clarified comments that Obamacare was "  the worst " thing to happen since slavery A CNN/ORC poll this week showed Carson taking second in the GOP presidential field
CNN  -- In February 2002 , when the Bush administration 's campaign to win support for invading Iraq was gathering steam , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was asked at a news conference about insinuations that Saddam Hussein was in cahoots with al Qaeda , a collaboration for which there was no evidence . Rumsfeld 's response may not have been illuminating , but it was certainly memorable . "  Reports that say that something has n't happened are always interesting to me , " he said , "  because as we know , there are known knowns ; there are things we know we know . We also know there are known unknowns ; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know . But there are also unknown unknowns -- the ones we do n't know we do n't know . " As we approach the 10th anniversary of that invasion , Rumsfeld 's musings provide a helpful reminder for members of the news media . When the next war debate comes , our first step ought to be to take careful stock of what we know and what we do n't . Journalists regularly have to take crash courses in new subjects . When the economy imploded in 2008 , many of us who write about public affairs found ourselves addressing economic matters in greater detail than ever before . To write intelligently about health care reform in 2009 , you had to get up to speed on how things such as the health insurance market and Medicare work , and a hundred other details . When a new topic is inherently opaque -- such as the internal politics of a country most journalists could barely find on a map , or the complex consequences of starting a war in a region where U.S. foreign policy is widely reviled -- we should know more than ever about our own personal known unknowns and unknown unknowns . Opinion : Did Iraq War give birth to the Arab Spring ? That did n't happen in 2002 and 2003 . The campaign to sell the Iraq War was a carefully planned and skillfully executed propaganda effort , and it succeeded because so many journalists and news outlets went along for the ride . To be fair to the news media , they were up against an administration using diabolically clever techniques . To take just one example , in the fall of 2002 , the administration leaked a story to The New York Times ' Judith Miller claiming that Iraq had purchased aluminum tubes clearly intended for use in centrifuges to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons . The truth , as we later found out , was that there was no Iraqi nuclear program , and the tubes in question would have been virtually useless for one . They were meant for conventional rockets . But the administration knew the exclusive would be too juicy for Miller to pass up . Her credulous account , passing all the administration 's false claims on as a "  scoop , " appeared on the Times front page on September 8 . Vice President Dick Cheney then went on "  Meet the Press " that very day and said , "  It 's now public that in fact he has been seeking to acquire , and we have been able to intercept and prevent him from acquiring , through this particular channel , the kinds of tubes that are necessary to build a centrifuge . " So the administration planted a false story in the Times , then cited the false story on NBC , using the Times ' imprimatur to bolster its credibility . That is some Jedi-level media manipulation . Hans Blix : Why invading Iraq was a terrible mistake Every major news organization , from national newspapers to television networks to magazines , was complicit to some degree in selling the public a brief of false information , from Hussein 's allegedly terrifying arsenal of weapons of mass destruction to the fictional links between the Iraqi government and al Qaeda . It was n't that you could n't find journalists questioning the official story , raising doubts about the administration 's claims , and doing the hard work to determine what the truth was . You always can . Whenever there 's a story that the media as a whole get wrong , there 's always a reporter somewhere who got it right . The problem was that those voices were so much quieter , pushed so far to the edge of the national debate . Even within some publications there was a tension . One of the journalistic heroes of the pre-war period was Washington Post national security reporter Walter Pincus , who reported the lack of evidence for the administration 's hype . But his articles were buried deep within the paper , while the front page blared scary stories about the fearsome threat from Iraq and the Post 's editorial page beat the drums for war . Asked later why his stories were shunted to the back pages , Pincus responded , "  The Post was scared . " Opinion : Why the war in Iraq was fought for Big Oil And so were much of the media . When there 's a war in the offing , the flags are waving and dissenters are being called treasonous , the media 's courage tends to slip away . Which is particularly regrettable , since the time when the government is pressing for war should be the time when they are more aggressive than ever , exploring every possibility and asking every question , over and over again if need be . That 's the time when government is most likely to dissemble and deceive . That was when we most needed the press , and when its failure was the most costly . So the next time people in power propose a new war -- and they will -- journalists need to ask some important questions . What are the limits of our understanding of this country we might invade ? What are the motivations of the people pushing for the action ? What evidence is the government offering to support its claims ? Are there knowledgeable people who disagree , and what are they saying ? Which of the government 's claims have I investigated myself , and which am I taking on face value ? What are the potential consequences of military action , good and bad , and have I explored them in enough detail ? And in the context of Iraq , which questions do I wish I had asked last time around ? That 's just a start , of course . Perhaps lessons have been learned , and the next time a president warns the American people that we have no choice but to invade another country or risk our doom , the press will do a better job of being skeptical , thoughtful and rigorous than it did 10 years ago . It could n't do much worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Rumsfeld remarks in push for Iraq War were classic doublespeak He says reporters , who are supposed to be quick studies in new areas , were credulous He says savvy Bush administration easily duped press into selling case for war Waldman : All news media guilty but hope is that they learned from , wo n't repeat mistake
Pulsating light bursts into the cockpit of a plane thousands of feet in the air , filling it with seething brightness , and blinding the pilot and copilot . What sounds like a cheap reenactment in a hokey UFO reality show has become everyday reality in the United States . Laser attacks on aircraft occur an average of 11 times a day , the Federal Aviation Administration says . Powerful handheld lasers are affordable and widespread , and some people are making sport of shining them up into passing aircraft . The trend seems to be catching on . There were 3,960 such strikes reported last year , the FAA says . That 's up from 283 in 2005 . But reporting of these crimes has also caught on , which has contributed to the rise in official numbers . Still , hundreds of attacks go unreported and remain uncounted . Perpetrator roundup The FBI wants them to stop and is offering reward money for tips leading to the pranksters . And it 's making some arrests . Though it takes work to track down the source of the laser , it can be done with a helicopter , a dispatcher and squad cars . The FBI has posted YouTube video of one such bust . It has detained mostly teenage boys and men in their 30s , who face a possible five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . And the FBI is not the only one posting a bounty on them . For the next two months , 11 U.S. cities and San Juan , Puerto Rico , are offering up to $ 10,000 for information leading to arrests . Attacks are particularly common in New York and Los Angeles , and they often obstruct the work of the targeted pilots . "  When a laser light flashes across the cockpit , it 's about 25 % brighter than a flashlight flashing in your face . So what that does is , that can cause temporary incapacitation , " said Stephen Woolery , an FBI agent pursuing laser pranksters . Rise in lasers pointed at aircraft in New York , FBI says Eye injuries But the consequences can be much worse than just annoying . A pilot coming in for a landing at JFK two years ago radioed the tower right after an attack . "  We just got lasered up here , " he said . "  Two green flashes into the cockpit . It caught the first officer 's eye . " A direct hit can burn the cornea , and that has put pilots in the hospital . So far , no laser strike has been known to cause a pilot to crash an aircraft . But the FBI fears it is only a matter of time . Man who pointed laser at aircraft lands a 30-moth prison sentence	FAA : Laser strikes on aircraft occur an average of 11 times a day Locating pranksters with lasers can be hard , but it 's doable The FBI and 11 U.S. cities are offering reward money for tips leading to arrests There were 3,960 strikes last year , up from just 283 in 2005
New York  CNN  -- A woman suspected of snatching an infant from a New York hospital in 1987 told investigators she was frustrated with her inability to give birth , according to court papers filed Monday . Ann "  Annugetta " Pettway has been charged with one count of kidnapping in the abduction of Carlina Renae White , who has since reunited with her biological mother . According to court documents filed in the case Monday , Pettway admitted to taking the girl from a Harlem hospital after suffering several miscarriages . Pettway , 49 , made an initial appearance in federal court Monday afternoon to face the single kidnapping count . She did not speak or enter a plea during the five-minute hearing . Magistrate Judge Gabriel Gorenstein ordered her held until a February 7 bail hearing . She was dressed in a blue jail uniform and did not look around as she was escorted into the courtroom . In their second-row seats , White 's parents leaned forward for a better view of the woman accused of taking their daughter from them more than 23 years ago . During an interview with federal investigators Sunday , Pettway allegedly expressed remorse that she "  caused a lot of pain , " court papers state . After the hearing , defense attorney Robert Baum said he believed Pettway did express remorse but would not say whether he would challenge her statement to investigators before reading the charging documents . "  A lot of facts here have yet to come out , " Baum told reporters . He added , "  She 's hopeful that the ending of this tragedy for everyone will shed new light on her role . " Regina Tyson , White 's aunt , said her family wants to see prison time for Pettway . "  She should get 23 years -- the same amount of time she took away from my family , " Tyson said . Pettway turned herself in Sunday morning at the FBI office in Bridgeport , Connecticut , FBI spokesman William Reiner said . She faces up to 20 years to life in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 if convicted . White tracked down her birth family in early January , saying she had had a nagging feeling all her life that she was brought up by a family to which she did n't belong . Ernie Allen , president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said White 's suspicions grew after the woman who raised her could not produce a birth certificate for her . Court documents state Pettway tried unsuccessfully several times to forge the document . Janice Fedarcyk , the No. 1 official in the FBI 's New York office , called the kidnapping "  an unimaginable trauma " for White 's parents . "  In a calculated deception , she was raised as the child of the woman now charged with her kidnapping , " Fedarcyk said in a statement issued Monday afternoon . "  Those 23 years can not be restored , but unlike most child abductions , this one , at long last , has a happy ending . " White 's mother , Joy White , told the New York Post last week that she last saw her daughter when she was 19 days old . She took her to a Harlem hospital on August 4 , 1987 , because the baby had a high fever , a New York police official said . Carlina was admitted to the hospital , and her mother went home to rest . When she returned , the baby was gone . "  That was a big part of my heart that was just ripped apart , " Carlina White 's biological father , Carl Tyson , told the Post regarding her disappearance . Carlina White told the Post that Pettway raised her . Pettway was pregnant in 1987 , she said , but lost the baby . Pettway later acknowledged that she was not White 's biological mother , claiming she was given to her as an infant by a woman who was "  on drugs , " according to the court documents . "  I just started typing in Yahoo and Google different articles -- anything that pulled up in 1987 with any child that went missing -- and I came across the article , and the baby picture just struck me because ... it looked like my daughter , " White , who has a 5-year-old daughter , told the Post . On January 4 , Joy White 's phone rang . The woman on the other end said she was Carlina , and sent a picture taken in 1987 in which she bore a striking resemblance to a baby picture Joy White had held onto . A DNA test proved the link . The family has since been joyously reunited . "  This is what I wanted ever since I found out that lady was n't my biological mother , " Carlina White told the Post . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman , Raelyn Johnson and Nina Golgowski contributed to this report	Ann Pettway was frustrated by her inability to give birth , court documents say Pettway silent during intial court appearance ; she 's charged with one count of kidnapping "  A lot of facts here have yet to come out , " her lawyer says "  She should get 23 years , " the abducted girl 's aunt says
CNN  -- Human error is to blame for a mortar round explosion that killed seven U.S. Marines and injured eight other service members during a training exercise in Nevada this year , the Marines said on Wednesday . An investigation of the March 18 incident at Hawthorne Army Depot revealed that "  the Marines employing one of the mortars did not follow correct procedures , resulting in the detonation of a high explosive round at the mortar position , " the Marines said in a statement . "  The investigation also determined that the mortar section had not conducted appropriate preparatory training leading up to " the nighttime training session , the Marines said . The mortar system itself functioned properly , the investigation determined . The Marines were killed when a 60mm mortar round exploded "  in the immediate vicinity " of a firing position , the Marines said . Earlier this month , the Marines announced that three Marines were relieved of their duties after the incident . On Wednesday , the Marines said they were relieved because their commanding general "  lost trust and confidence in their ability to ensure proper preparation for , and conduct of , live fire training events . " No criminal charges are anticipated , the Marines said . Those relieved included Lt. Col. Andrew McNulty , the officer in charge of the killed Marines ' infantry battalion -- 1st Battalion , 9th Marine Regiment . Also relieved were Capt. Kelby S. Breivogel , who commanded Company A , and Chief Warrant Officer-3 Douglas H. Derring , the battalion Marine infantry weapons officer . The Hawthorne Army Depot , about 140 miles southeast of Reno , is used for storing ammunition and weapon stocks awaiting demilitarization . The facility also provides high desert training facilities for military units . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	In March , seven Marines died during training exercise Marines did not follow correct procedures , investigation finds No criminal charges are anticipated , the Marines said Earlier this month , three Marines were relieved of duty related to the incident
Washington  CNN  -- Meet the Koch Sisters . Karen and Joyce Koch are n't actually related . One is a teacher from Michigan , the other a retired social worker from New Jersey . But the Kochs are the faces of a new AFL-CIO campaign designed to contrast the "  shared values " of organized labor against those of the Koch brothers , the conservative business titans behind millions of dollars ' worth of secretive campaign spending this election year . The "  Koch Sisters " effort is launching Thursday with television ads starring the two women airing on national cable television , an official at the labor federation said . "  We are not related to the Koch brothers , those right-wing billionaires , " the two women say in one of the ads set to air . "  We are just two average women who have raised families and worked hard all our lives . " Democrats boost Begich after controversial ad The women do n't make an overt pitch to voters , other than directing viewers to an AFL-CIO website that accuses the Koch brothers of using "  their wealth to subvert democracy and enact a self-serving agenda at the expense of working families . " The ads also seem designed to put a female-friendly face on organized labor in a year when Democrats are working feverishly to exploit their advantage over Republicans among women voters . The campaign will include targeted Web ads and social media in Michigan and Kentucky , two states with robust union populations that have competitive Senate races this year , as well as future television ad buys . CNN Poll : McConnell takes slim lead in biggest Senate race "  The Koch Sisters is exactly the kind of creative component that taps into modern politics and emblematic of the labor movement 's expansion in progressive politics , " AFL-CIO spokesman Josh Goldstein said . The paid media push is a bit of uncharted territory for organized labor , which pioneered advanced voter targeting and get-out-the-vote techniques that later became essential tools in the modern Democratic playbook but has largely shied away from campaign messaging . Bill Clinton to raise money at Usher 's house Their political rivals in big business , meanwhile , have long been in the TV ad game but have only recently started investing in field efforts . The Koch-financed Americans for Prosperity has been on the ground doing turnout work in more than two dozen states with competitive Senate , House and governors ' races .	"  Sisters " are the faces of an AFL-CIO campaign to contrast with the Koch brothers The Koch brothers have spent millions to support conservative causes Democrats hoping to exploit advantage they have among women in key races
Thailand has pardoned a Thai-born American who was sentenced last year to 21/2 years in prison for insulting the monarchy , his lawyer said Wednesday . Joe W. Gordon , whose Thai name is Lerpong Wichaicommart , was released Tuesday after receiving a royal pardon from the king , his lawyer said . Gordon 's case is one of several that provoked criticism from human rights advocates over Thailand 's controversial laws that punish defaming , insulting or threatening the royal family . U.S. authorities had also expressed concern about his imprisonment . The charge of writing and posting articles insulting the monarchy under the Southeast Asian country 's lese majeste laws can yield a sentence as high as 20 years in prison in the Buddhist country , where the king is highly revered . Gordon , 54 , returned to Thailand in 2010 after 30 years in the United States . He was arrested in May 2011 for posting a link on his blog to an unauthorized biography of King Bhumibol Adulyadej , according to the Asian Human Rights Commission . Gordon , who was received by U.S. Embassy officials after his release , wishes to leave Thailand immediately , his lawyer Anon Rumpa said . "  The case is over , he has no more pending court case or obligatory things to do , " Anon said .	Thailand has strict laws that punish insults of the royal family Joe Gordon has been released early from a 21/2 year prison sentence His case is one of several that drew criticism from human rights groups He wants to leave Thailand immediately , his lawyer says
CNN  -- Here at an international gathering of Japan specialists currently underway in Ljubljana , Slovenia , the actions of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in honoring his country 's war criminals have come in for sharp criticism . Nobody attending the European Association of Japanese Studies conference seems surprised , but I have yet to meet anyone who thinks Abe has done Japan any favors . One attendee suggests that , in sending a personal message to a ceremony commemorating Japan 's war criminals , Abe has yet again handed a strategic gift to China and South Korea , while making Japan look churlish about its war responsibility . Another said that if Chancellor Angela Merkel made a similar gesture repudiating the verdicts against Nazi war criminals at Nuremburg , her political career would end and Germany would face strong condemnation and isolation in Europe . So yet again Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has scored an own goal on history through sending a message to the ceremony , held at the sacred site of Koya-san in the mountains of Wakayama in April this year . ` Foundation of the fatherland ' The site is the heartland of the Shingon sect of Buddhism and is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage site . The ceremony is held annually at the Okunoin cemetery , where there is a statue inscribed with the names of 1,180 war criminals , including the 14 Class-A war criminals enshrined at Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo . The statue was erected 20 years ago with the explicit objective of restoring the honor of these war criminals and honoring their sacrifice "  for the foundation of the fatherland . " An inscription on the statue decries the punishment of war criminals by the Allied powers as "  a harsh and retaliatory trial never before seen in the world . " Abe 's message was read out at the ceremony on April 29 this year , but only came to light this week . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press conference that the message was not sent in Abe 's capacity as prime minister , and as such the government would not comment on it . According to Japanese newspaper the Asahi Shimbun , Abe 's message stated : "  I would like to sincerely express my feelings of remembrance to the spirit of the Showa era martyrs who staked their souls to become the foundation of their nation so that Japan could achieve the peace and prosperity of today . " Defenders of Japan 's wartime conduct commonly use the phrase "  Showa era martyrs " -- which refers to the period of Japanese history corresponding to the 1926-89 reign of Emperor Hirohito -- to refer to the war criminals . This is how they are described at the Yushukan Museum on the grounds of Yasukuni Shrine , the talismanic site for those who seek to glorify Japan 's devastating war of imperial aggression in Asia from 1931 to 1945 . It is not the first time Abe has sent a message for the Koya-san ceremony . Last year , he wrote : "  I want to establish the existence of a new Japan that would not be an embarrassment to the spirit of the war dead . " Perhaps , but many living Japanese are embarrassed by his efforts to burnish Japan 's wartime record . ` Disingenuous ' excuse Abe 's spokesman said that his statement , and offerings at Yasukuni Shrine twice this year , were made in his private capacity . Apparently Abe is under the illusion that he can call a timeout as Japan 's political leader whenever it suits him . This is disingenuous , but a dubious sleight of hand that Japan 's leaders often invoke when trampling on the dignity of Japan 's wartime victims . World leaders do n't get to declare timeouts . Although most Japanese do n't share Abe 's enthusiasm for Japan in jackboots , Brand Japan suffers from Abe 's revisionist views because he is the nation 's leader 24/7 and the world scrutinizes all of his words and gestures . By showing a lack of contrition about the horrific suffering Japan inflicted on much of the rest of Asia , Abe has inflamed tensions with China and South Korea , and left Japan even more isolated . Tokyo 's friends in Washington cringe every time Abe lets loose one of his boomeranging salvos on history . Like most Japanese they wonder why Abe ca n't just stick to Abenomics and leave history to the historians . There are good reasons why Japanese are proud of what Japan has accomplished since 1945 in promoting peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific . But by trying to rehabilitate an era when Japan ran amok in Asia , Abe keeps everyone 's focus on Japan 's embarrassing 20th century misadventures . Abe insists that his door is "  always open " for dialogue with China and South Korea , but his knack for slamming it in their faces by trying to airbrush the past keeps Japan isolated in northeast Asia . What is he thinking ? Why would Abe make such a gesture , given the predictable consequences for Japan 's regional relations ? It is not just myopia that explains Abe 's blunders . Abe is waging a culture war to redefine Japanese national identity , one that he thinks is way too masochistic . He wants to nurture pride and patriotism among Japanese and , for him , that means revising history . Abe is a true believer and his gestures are a message to his political base that he has not given up the fight to overturn the postwar order imposed by the US , including what he views as the unjust verdicts handed down by the International Military Tribunal for the Far East , aka the Tokyo Trials . Earlier this year he caved into US pressure to pledge he would not overturn the 1993 Kono Statement in which Japan acknowledges its responsibility for the comfort women system , having earlier made noises that he might do so . Washington is eager to get its two Asian allies , Japan and South Korea , talking again , but this been difficult because Abe 's revisionist views on history deeply offend Koreans . Abe 's reassurances about the Kono Statement was the minimum necessary to convince President Park Geun-hye to agree to meet with Abe and President Barack Obama in the Netherlands on the sidelines of a nuclear proliferation summit . Chilly reception But Abe 's minor concession got a chilly reception in Seoul . He is known there for his apologist views about the comfort women system and quibbling about the level of coercion used in recruiting tens of thousands of young women to serve as wartime sex slaves for the Japanese armed forces . Moreover , a month after signaling he would not repudiate the Kono Statement , Abe sent his message praising the war criminals . And his supporters in the Diet proceeded with an investigation of the comfort women system aimed at discrediting the Kono Statement , a damaging hit-and-run attack aimed at sowing doubts among Japanese who are showing signs of perpetrator 's fatigue and the burdens of war responsibility . The attack was also red meat for Abe 's reactionary base . Abe 's defiant and unrepentant attitudes towards history are unlikely to change enough to satisfy the neighbors . But will they continue to cold shoulder Japan ? President Park is under a lot of U.S. pressure to get over the past so that plans to jump-start a strategic dialogue next month might proceed . But a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the November APEC summit in Beijing now looks more difficult due to Abe 's actions , which ensure that Japan 's wartime past continues to cast a long shadow into the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Kingston .	Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe has drawn criticism for a message honoring war criminals His spokesman says the comments were made in a private capacity But Abe can not call a timeout as leader whenever it suits him , says Jeff Kingston Abe 's comments have handed a strategic gift to China and South Korea , Kingston writes
CNN  -- Two people were killed and two were severely wounded Tuesday in a shooting at a courthouse in Landshut , Germany , police said . A police car sits outside the courthouse in the German city of Landshut . The gunman , a 60-year-old man , was among the dead , Bavarian Police said in a statement . It happened around 10:15 a.m.  4:15 a.m. ET  during a break in a court proceeding about inheritance , Landshut police spokesman Leonard Mayer told CNN . The man began shooting once he stepped outside the courtroom , police said . He wounded three people before turning the gun on himself , Mayer said . One of the victims , a woman , died about 21/2 hours later , Bavarian Police said . Watch more about the shooting " The lives of the two wounded victims are not in danger , he told CNN . The courthouse has no metal detectors or security checks that would have turned up the shooter 's weapon , Mayer said . This latest shooting in Germany took place less than a month after a school massacre in the southwestern town of Winnenden , in which a total of 16 people were killed .	German TV : Two people killed in a shooting at a courthouse Report : Gunmen believed to have killed himself Court spokesman : Reported that there was "  no more danger " Landshut is about 55 kilometers northeast of Munich
CNN  -- Securing the release of American prisoners Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller from North Korea was not cost-free . It may also be an omen of the return of recurring efforts by U.S. administrations of both parties to negotiate deals with Pyongyang that inevitably fail . The United States supposedly does not have diplomatic relations with North Korea . After all , the arms proliferating , dollar counterfeiting , nuclear-armed dictatorship , which torpedoed a South Korean ship in 2010 , has n't accounted for all of the foreign nationals it kidnapped abroad to train its spies , and occasionally threatens America and its allies with annihilation . But that has n't stopped a string of senior U.S. diplomats from visiting Pyongyang over the past three administrations . The most recent denizen was U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , who on Saturday brought home the two Americans imprisoned by the regime for alleged speech and faith-related activities that would n't get a second look in the civilized world . While Clapper 's trip may have been "  last-minute , " as the Obama administration described it , the efforts to arrange it probably went on for months -- and are emblematic of an unfortunate approach to North Korea and its Chinese allies that spans Republican and Democratic administrations -- especially in their final years . Washington and Pyongyang both have agendas beyond what is visible today . Is North Korea being magnanimous in releasing Bae and Miller before their trumped-up prison sentences ran out , or might it want something in return ? In fact , it has already acquired something : the appearance of legitimacy . The autocrats who maintain North Korea 's totalitarian rule through fear -- and the young leader , Kim Jong Un , who even had his uncle executed -- relish any opportunity to show how they can make representatives of vastly more powerful nations come to Pyongyang and kiss their proverbial ring . Previous visitors in this vein have included then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , former President Jimmy Carter , former Vice President Al Gore , and various representatives of then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . The North Korean government knows more about the U.S. political cycle than many American political scientists . It saw that the final two years of the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations were fruitful for dealing with presidents and secretaries of state desperately trying to burnish their legacies . Under President Clinton , aid to North Korea from Washington and Seoul spiked beginning in 1999 , and included efforts to build nuclear power plants for the North Koreans . Under President Bush , Rice announced in 2007 a breakthrough whereby Pyongyang would give up its nuclear program in exchange for aid . As some predicted , North Korea took the aid but kept the nuclear program . It now likely hopes for a repeat of sorts . North Korea no longer depends on foreign handouts for its survival . By some accounts , its economy is better off than ever , thanks to expanded trade with China -- much of which is supposedly banned by U.N. resolutions . But Pyongyang would still welcome further sanctions relief and loves to be courted diplomatically , which makes it look strong . Courtship of North Korea also invariably involves obeisance to the notion that China will pressure its neighbor into behaving -- and perhaps even surrendering its nuclear weapons program . This is a diplomatic truism that just is n't true : Beijing has always normalized trade with North Korea rapidly after any disruptions in the wake of North Korean nuclear tests or other belligerent acts . But it seems only Pyongyang and Beijing are in on this joke played on American and allied diplomats -- and China 's unelected government itself cherishes the legitimacy it gets from being seen as the regional diplomatic linchpin . That is why Beijing has also been promoting multilateral talks with North Korea . The way out of this is to stop believing that romancing Pyongyang will advance U.S. interests . North Korea has violated numerous arms agreements with the United States or other parties . Pyongyang will not be sweet-talked out of its nuclear arsenal or other provocations . Washington can end the cycle of North Korea taking Americans hostage by declaring U.S. passports invalid for travel to North Korea . Furthermore , the United States and its allies should pivot to a program of putting nonviolent pressure on the North Korean regime . Washington should tell the truth about China 's support of Pyongyang , increase aid to defectors who try to pierce the curtain of censorship that keeps North Koreans in the dark and punish any company or bank that does business with the regime . Putting the United States at the same table as lawless thugs is n't just morally repugnant -- it 's ineffective . The free world should devote more effort to a better form of diplomacy that makes life difficult for its opponents .	Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller released by North Korea Agreement may be sign of more deals to come , says Christian Whiton Whiton : Kim regime is demonstrating knowledge about U.S. politics Time for U.S. to stop ` romancing ' North Korea , he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A German tarantula dealer has been arrested on charges of illegally sending hundreds of the spiders to the United States through the U.S. mail , law enforcement officials said . Sven Koppler , 37 , who had just flown into in Los Angeles , was arrested Thursday after a nine-month investigation dubbed "  Operation Spiderman , " authorities said . Koppler will remain jailed until a bond hearing December 8 , authorities said . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for December 17 and arraignment is December 20 . Deputy Federal Public Defender Neha Mehta told CNN "  it is very early in the case " and that she could not comment . Koppler faces one count of illegally importing wildlife into the United States , the U.S. attorney 's office for the district said in a news release . He failed to receive permits and did not declare the spiders , attorney 's office spokesman Thom Mrozek told CNN . Special agents and inspectors with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the U.S. Postal Service began to investigate Koppler 's shipments last March , according to the release . Of the more than 600 tarantulas under question , some were of the Brachypelma smithi species , commonly known as Mexican red-kneed tarantulas . This species is protected under an international treaty and can only be traded with special permits . Koppler failed to declare to the Fish and Wildlife Service that he had shipped the tarantulas and that is why they are considered smuggled , Mrozek said . If convicted , Koppler could be sentenced to up to 20 years in federal prison and fined $ 250,000 , prosecutors said . The Brachypelma genus of spiders is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species . Specimens can be legally traded only if permits are first obtained from the exporting country , the news release said . According to the criminal complaint , Koppler mailed more than 500 tarantulas . Many were wrapped in colored plastic straws . Agents made subsequent undercover buys from Koppler , the attorney 's office says . Koppler received about $ 300,000 as a result of tarantula sales around the world , according to the release . Michael Sheller , who owns Vogelspinnen , a tarantula clearinghouse in Sprendlingen , near Frankfurt , Germany , said Koppler is a well-known and highly respected man in the tarantula business . "  He is a very reputable dealer , " said Sheller . "  I am shocked , I know him very well . " Sheller , who exports hundreds of tarantulas each year , said it is important to follow the shipment rules . He said his biggest customers are in the United States . "  Tarantulas are fascinating " Sheller said . "  I make my living off of them . " CNN 's Helena de Moura contributed to this report	NEW : The suspect has a bond hearing next week A man is arrested for smuggling tarantulas into the United States The German citizen is accused of improperly sending in hundreds of tarantulas The Brachypelma genus is protected by an international convention
