CNN Student News  -- November 20 , 2013 A typhoon in the Philippines and tornadoes in the Midwestern United States : CNN Student News reports on the devastating power of these natural disasters and the long rebuilding processes facing survivors . We also examine why the new U.S. ambassador to Japan holds special significance for some Japanese , and we get a little selfie-centered to discuss Oxford Dictionaries ' Word of the Year . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might video footage from a remote-controlled drone benefit a news report ? What might be the drawbacks of this kind of footage ? What should news producers take into account before using it ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . natural disasters 2 . ambassador 3 . selfie Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What similarities and differences do you see in video footage of the damage caused by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and tornadoes in the U.S. Midwest ? 2 . Who is the new U.S. ambassador to Japan ? What did some people in the video say about the appointment ? Why might some others have concerns about this appointment ? 3 . What does an etymologist study ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think some people stay in harm 's way to capture video footage ? In the video of tornado aftermath , one survivor says , "  I do n't know where to go . I do n't know what to do . " What might be the next step  s  for someone in this situation ? 2 . What do you think are the duties of an ambassador to another country ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of an ambassador having a unique connection with the country in which he or she serves ? 3 . What factors might influence a word 's popularity ? What circumstances might determine whether a word endures or fades away ? Why do you think that the word "  selfie " has become popular ? Do you think its popularity will last ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Philippines Japan North America Washington , Illinois FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A Beijing court has sentenced a wheelchair-bound man , who set off a homemade explosive inside Beijing Capital International Airport in July , to six years in prison . Ji Zhongxing , 34 , from Shandong province , was found guilty of setting off an explosive device in a public place , according to a statement released by Beijing Chaoyang District People 's Court . It said that an investigation had found that Ji , who claimed he had been paralyzed after being beaten by security guards , was dissatisfied with how he had been treated by authorities . The court said the explosive device was contained inside a green canvas bag with the Chinese characters for revenge written on it and Ji hid the device inside his pants to evade airport security checks . At around 6pm local time on July 20 , Ji handed out leaflets detailing his grievances outside the exit of terminal 3 , the statement said . He then passed the explosive from hand to hand while police officers tried to persuade him not to detonate the device . Ji 's arm was seriously injured during the explosion and a policeman also sustained injuries . On his personal blog in 2006 , Ji had said he had been attacked and beaten by security guards outside a police station in 2005 after carrying a passenger on his motorcycle . He was paralyzed after the incident and petitioned for official compensation . The attack took place while Ji was working in Dongguan , a factory town in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong . Guangdong provincial authorities said in July that they would look into the alleged unjust treatment , The China Daily reported . However , the newspaper also reported that Dongguan police said Ji was not attacked and was instead injured when he fell off his motorcycle . Police in Ji 's home county said Dongguan authorities gave him 100,000 yuan  US$ 16,290  in compensation in 2010 . In China , people often petition local and national authorities about their grievances . CNN 's Feng Ke reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong .	Beijing court has sentenced a wheelchair-bound man to six years in prison He was found guilty of setting off an explosive device in a public place Man claimed he had been paralyzed after being beaten by security guards Court said he was unsatisfied with how he had been treated by authorities .
CNN  -- Civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer made famous the phrase , "  I 'm sick and tired of being sick and tired . " For me , I 'm sick and tired of Democrats having power and being unwilling to use it . I 've always respected Republicans when they had power because they were willing to use it and maybe apologize later . Today , President Obama walked into the White House briefing room and took some questions , and one of them revolved around recess appointments . He has watched Republicans block many of his appointments , and now he says he made it clear to them that he will "  consider " making some when the U.S. Senate goes into recess . "  One senator , as you all are aware , had put a hold on every single nominee that we had put forward due to a dispute over a couple of earmarks in his state , " President Obama said . "  In our meeting , I asked the congressional leadership to put a stop to these holds in which nominees for critical jobs are denied a vote for months . Surely we can set aside partisanship and do what 's traditionally been done to confirm these nominations . If the Senate does not act -- and I made this very clear -- if the Senate does not act to confirm these nominees , I will consider making several recess appointments during the upcoming recess , because we ca n't afford to allow politics to stand in the way of a well-functioning government . " This is where the president needs to show his toughness and just do it . Forget the threats . The actions of Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , and other Republican obstructionists will continue if President Obama allows them to run roughshod over him . When you 're the top dog , you do what you have to do to govern . Allowing Republican senators to continue to deny your appointments is nonsense . If all of them choose to support a filibuster , then you take it to the American people and show the obstructionists for what they are . You get your grass-roots movement fired up to stand up and do something . The political right used its base to go after Democrats who blocked appointments to the federal bench and other positions . So why not be just as aggressive ? If there are members of your own party who stand in the way , such as Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , then you also blast them and make them pay for acting so foolishly . This president got rolled by the Senate over health care . His team made some boneheaded mistakes , and now they are paying for them . Continuing to play footsie with opponents will only get him into more trouble . He should set a deadline to have his folks confirmed . If not , appoint them all during the recess and go on about your business . Obama 's critics keep blasting him for Chicago-style politics . So , fine . Channel your inner Al Capone and go gangsta against your foes . Let 'em know that if they are n't with you , they are against you , and will pay the price . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says Obama should n't put up with senators who are holding him up GOP has blocked Obama appointments ; Martin says he should go around it Martin says Obama should n't "  consider " recess appointments , he should make them
CNN  -- Research In Motion has a battle on its hands if it is to win back the hearts and minds of the smartphone-buying public . Earnings are down , sales are down , and now the company is battling rumors that it is pulling out of the consumer market altogether . The company 's biggest challenge in the coming months is to prove to business and consumers alike , that they have the ability to match the Android , Apple , and even the Microsoft juggernauts that are heading off into the distance with their customers . Thirteen years ago , when I spotted my first BlackBerry in Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris , the American businessman holding the device drew a crowd . At the time we were all amazed and impressed by his ability to check and send emails on the go from a device that fitted in his pocket . But RIM 's biggest problem is that its key selling point -- email -- is no longer a key differentiator in the battle for the best handset . Email is a given , and while secure email appeals to some , it is not a requirement of the majority . That has left RIM with a problem that is forcing them to refocus and button down what they offer . Read more : BlackBerry set to offer free apps for outage The company can not forget its business roots and high-flying business travelers in airports around the world , and for many businesses RIM is still the best choice . The CTO that chooses your company phone does n't care whether you 'll want to play Angry Birds on it -- he cares that the emails you send are secure and the phone lasts long enough so your team members can reach you if you 've left the office . At the other end of RIM 's marketplace is the consumer youth market . Parents are happy to go BlackBerry because they are cheap to run , offer BBM to their kids for talking to their other friends , and do n't cost a fortune to buy . And therein lies the problem . The latest earnings seem to demonstrate that people no longer tend to buy BlackBerries , they have them bought for them by work and by their parents . The challenge is for RIM to show that it is still relevant , that it has n't given up the fight , and that it does still have the ammunition to fight back . Patrick Spence , the company 's managing director of global sales and marketing , has said that the rumors of RIM pulling out of the consumer market are wholly inaccurate and that the company is merely refocusing efforts on its core strengths . For RIM that means its enterprise customer base is now once again a key focus . It 's got to make sure the bits of the company that work , work smoothly , and bring in the supplies to support the rest of the business for the fight ahead . If RIM loses that core business to Apple , or Microsoft , or Google -- who are all nipping at RIM 's heals for the business sector -- then there will only be one fruit-named company left to talk about , and that would be a terrible shame . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Miles .	The BlackBerry maker fights speculation that is pulling out of the consumer market Research In Motion has been hit by low earnings and sales amid intense competition Today , virtually every phone not only has email , but also apps and internet connectivity RIM 's challenge is to show that it is still relevant and can still fight its rivals
On paper , Nur Suryani Mohamed Taibi is entirely average for athletes competing in the women 's 10-meter air rifle event at the 2012 London Olympics . There 's just one difference : when she steps up to the line to shoot , she will be eight months pregnant . "  When I found out that I was pregnant before competing in the Asian meet , I thought that that was the end of my Olympic dream as I will have to turn my attention to the baby , " she told Malaysian 's leading newspaper , The Star . "  But when I eventually qualified for the 10-meter air rifle event on merit , it made me rethink that perhaps I am supposed to go all the way despite my pregnancy . " Nur Suryani is not only the sole pregnant woman in this year 's games , she is also the first female Malaysian rifle shooter to compete in Olympic history , according to The Star . While shooting requires less physical strain on the body than sprinting or some of the other summer sports , Nur Suryani said she has had to alter her stance and train at all times of day to predict how she would feel during competition . "  The Olympic Games are important to me ... Every athlete dreams of competing at the Olympics , " she told the Star . "  Yes , there will be pressure on me to perform , but I will just focus on my preparation and nothing else . " But Nur Suryani is not alone in navigating the Olympics games while expecting . The first pregnant athlete to compete was Magda Julin of Sweden , who was four months pregnant when she won the gold medal in figure skating during the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium , according to her Sports-Reference biography . Figure skating did not become a winter event until 1924 . Diana Sartor of Germany took fourth in the skeleton race in the 2006 Winter Olympics while in her first trimester and most recently , Kristie Moore served as an alternate to the Canadian curling team in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . Moore was called up during a match against Sweden , who took gold ahead of Canada 's silver . Nur Suryani is ranked 47th in the world and took gold at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi in 2010 after placing third in the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou , China . The 10-meter air rifle event is set for July 28 .	Malaysian shooter Nur Suryani Mohamed Taibi will compete while eight months pregnant Nur Suryani is the first female shooter to compete for Malaysia in the Olympic games Three other female athletes have competed while pregnant in Olympic history Nur Suryani is ranked 47th in the world and will compete in the 10m air rifle on July 28
CNN  -- The main airport in St. Louis is expected to operate a full flight schedule Tuesday , less than four days after a powerful tornado tore through the facility , airport officials said . But restoration efforts are far from over at Lambert-St . Louis International Airport , where the Friday night storm shattered windows and ripped off part of a roof . "  It obviously just took a couple of minutes for the damage to occur , " Airport Director Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It will take weeks , maybe a couple of months , to clean up all of it . " Still , Hamm-Niebruegge said efforts to get the facility up and running again have been "  miraculous . " American Airlines returned to service on Monday , officials said . The last of the airport 's 13 airlines -- Cape Air -- will resume flights on Tuesday , airport officials said . American and Cape Air were among the hardest hit after the storm , which devastated the airport 's C concourse . The tornado damaged 750 homes near the airport , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said . And preliminary National Weather Service estimates released Saturday show the tornado packed winds between 111 and 165 miles per hour when it hit the airport . There were no fatalities reported -- a fact that Nixon characterized as "  absolutely amazing . " Tornado cripples St. Louis airport At the airport , Hamm-Niebruegge said the facility 's design -- and the way people responded to warnings -- played a key role . "  It is a historic building , and it 's built very , very well . I think that had a part to do with it , but we also had very early warnings , " she said . Besides damage to homes and the airport , the strong winds also hit businesses and tore through the roof of a Ferguson , Missouri , church where dozens had gathered on Good Friday to watch the movie "  The Passion of the Christ . " CNN 's Tom Laabs contributed to this report . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	A Friday night tornado shattered windows and ripped off a roof The last of the airport 's 13 airlines -- Cape Air -- will resume flights on Tuesday The tornado also damaged 750 homes
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Walking through a maze of narrow streets south of Tiananmen Square , Nick Frisch appeared unfazed by the sight of drastic changes -- traditional courtyard houses that once lined up these hutongs , or alleys , now in different stages of being knocked down . Nick Frisch 's underground exploration in Beijing has attracted the attention of a Singapore TV crew . While the Qianmen area is going through an extreme makeover -- a restoration of its Qing dynasty flavor ahead of the Olympics -- Frisch 's destination is safe from the city 's ubiquitous wrecking balls . Upon reaching the entrance to the Underground City , however , he was told it was closed for "  renovation , " just like the surrounding neighborhood . "  It 's like they 're trying to literally bury this place before the Games , " said Frisch , a recent graduate of Columbia University in the United States , with a major in history and Chinese language . This place is a vast network of tunnels built beneath Beijing 's city center during the 1970s in anticipation of a nuclear war with the Soviets . Covering an area of 85 square kilometers and containing 1,000 anti-air raid structures , the subterranean complex was said to have been mostly hand-dug by 300,000 local residents . "  The plan was to move half of Beijing 's population underground and the other half to western hills in the event of a nuclear attack , " Frisch explained . The 22-year-old New York native has lived in China on and off for a year and is fascinated by the bomb shelter and its history . After the authorities opened part of the Underground City as a tourist attraction to woo foreigners , he turned a routine visit to an adventure in 2006 . Armed with a flashlight , Frisch veered off from the mandatory guided tour . Moving sandbags and unchaining doors , he explored the off-limit area and found rooms with bunk beds and decayed cardboard boxes of water purifiers . "  It 's more than just propaganda posters down there -- it really is a parallel universe , with street signs stenciled on the wall , " Frisch said . Since then , Frisch has discovered other shelters linked to the network -- many of them turned to cheap hostels -- on busy streets . Not surprisingly , the time-warped part of the Underground City remains his favorite . "  I sometimes wish I was born earlier to witness the Cold War unfold -- and the tunnels have given me a unique vantage point to look into that period of history , " Frisch said . "  While Beijing is transforming itself for the Olympics , it 's just amazing to see this space in such a sharp contrast to the city aboveground . " E-mail to a friend Steven Jiang is a Beijing-based freelance writer and former CNN producer .	American university student exploring Beijing 's underground tunnels Part of capital 's "  Underground City " now open to tourists Beijing 's underground tunnel network was built in 1970s as giant bomb shelter
CNN  -- Ariel Castro agreed Friday in an Ohio courtroom to a plea deal in one of the most sensational kidnapping cases in recent memory . The deal , reached with prosecutors , would let him avoid the possibility of a death sentence and spare his victims from having to testify at a trial . The plea deal recommends that he be sentenced to life in prison without parole -- that he never get a parole hearing . It would also mean that a trial Castro was facing on August 5 would not happen and he would not face the possibility of being sentenced to death . Judge Michael J. Russo went over the deal with Castro , and told him that he would be labeled as a sexual predator . Castro replied that he understood . At one point , he interjected that he was "  also a victim as a child " to which Russo responded that he could make whatever statement he wanted during the sentencing hearing . Russo also said that victims would be notified of the hearing and also would then have a chance to say what they liked . Russo went through charges Castro faces relating to the allegations he held three women captive for a decade and asked him how he pleaded . Over and over , Castro replied : "  Guilty . " At another moment in the hearing , which lasted well over an hour , the judge asked Castro how good his English is . Castro replied that he is good at spelling and reading but his comprehension is bad because "  my addiction to pornography and my sexual problem has really taken a toll on my mind . " Timeline : Three Cleveland girls go missing An attorney for three women had told CNN that they were hoping for a plea deal because they did not want to take the stand at Castro 's trial . A law firm representing Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , issued a statement after Castro agreed to a plea . "  Amanda , Gina , and Michelle are relieved by today 's plea , " according to Jones Day . "  They are satisfied by this resolution to the case , and are looking forward to having these legal proceedings draw to a final close in the near future . " The women want to remain private and do n't want to speak to media or others , the statement said , but they 're grateful for the support they 've received from family and friends and the Cleveland Courage Fund , which has helped raise money for them . With help , women freed Castro 's defense attorneys had previously said they wanted a deal that would take capital punishment out of the equation . Castro was charged with 977 counts , including aggravated murder on suspicion of ending the pregnancy of one of his captives . Under the deal , he agreed to plead guilty to 937 counts . Russo told Castro that the deal would mean he would go to prison for life , plus at least 1,000 years . Earlier this month , the former bus driver had pleaded not guilty to the 977 charges . He was being held on $ 8 million bail . At the close of Friday 's hearing , Russo remanded Castro back into custody , and set a sentencing date for August 1 . Castro abducted Knight , Berry and DeJesus separately in a two-year period starting in 2002 , according to authorities . Snapshots : Who are the three women ? The women and Berry 's 6-year-old daughter -- DNA tests have confirmed that Castro is the child 's father -- were freed in May after one of the women shouted for help while Castro was away from his 1,400-square-foot home . The cries for help were heard by neighbor Charles Ramsey , who was sitting down to eat . Read more : Charles Ramsey : I 'm no hero "  I see this girl going nuts trying to get out of a house , " he told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  I go on the porch and she says , ` help me get out . I 've been in here a long time . ' " Finally free , Berry pleaded for a phone . Read more : Another person says he played key role "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " she told police in a frantic 911 call from a neighbor 's house . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " Under the plea deal , the house where the women were confined will be demolished , Russo said . Berry was last seen after finishing her shift at a Burger King in Cleveland in 2003 . It was the eve of her 17th birthday . DeJesus disappeared nearly a year later , in April 2004 . She was 14 . Knight vanished in 2002 , at age 21 , according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer newspaper . Read more : Freed women reunite with families In early July , Berry , DeJesus and Knight released a YouTube video offering their thanks to all those who have helped them since they were freed . "  I want to thank everyone who has helped me and my family through this entire ordeal . Everyone who has been there to support us has been a blessing , " Berry said in the video . "  I 'm getting stronger each day . " Read more : Thank you video from kidnap victims CNN 's Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	NEW : Under a deal , Castro would be imprisoned for life and never have a parole hearing NEW : The women who say Castro held them captive say they 're ` relieved ' by the deal Ariel Castro has agreed to take the plea deal -- life plus 1,000 years Castro is accused of holding the women for about a decade
CNN  -- President Barack Obama appeared on NBC 's "  Meet The Press " on Sunday , talking about the "  fiscal cliff " negotiations and priorities for his administration in his second term . The president told host David Gregory that he was optimistic something will be worked out to keep tax rates from rising on Tuesday -- but if not , his first piece of legislation for the next Congress will be a bill to reduce tax rates on most Americans . Obama slams GOP ` priority ' as fiscal cliff hours away The president also spoke about his second term and what he wants to accomplish . Here are highlights of what he said : Gun control after the Newtown killings "  Something fundamental in America has to change , " said Obama , who visited on December 16 with families of victims of the Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings . The president said Sunday he will put forth a proposal next year to change firearm laws . Among the things the legislation will address are assault-style rifles , high-capacity ammunition magazines and background checks on all firearm sales . His comments echoed those made five days after the shootings in Newtown , where a gunman killed his mother at home , then 20 children and six adults at an elementary school . Obama said he hopes that the Newtown killings spur Americans to take action and not let the shootings feel like "  one of those routine episodes , " the emotions of which fade with memory . " "  It certainly wo n't feel like that to me . This is something that , you know , that was the worst day of my presidency , " he said . The president said he wanted to listen to all the parties involved in the gun control debate but was skeptical about the National Rifle Association 's call to put armed guards in every school as the only solution . Obama said December 19 that a task force led by Vice President Joe Biden will have legislative recommendations in January . Benghazi attack Obama said the security failures that led to the deaths of four Americans at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , were "  severe , " but he blamed human mistakes . "  There was just some sloppiness -- not intentional -- in terms of how we secure embassies in areas where you essentially do n't have governments that have a lot of capacity to protect those embassies , " he said . The State Department will implement all of the 29 recommendations by a review board headed by veteran diplomat Thomas Pickering . The FBI also has some "  very good leads " into who carried out the September attack that killed U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three others , Obama said . Among the recommendations in the report sent to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton were strengthening security , adding fire-safety precautions and improving intelligence collection in high-threat areas . "  But we 'll try to do more than that , " Obama said . U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice The president said verbal attacks on Rice for her comments on the Benghazi investigation were "  puzzling . " "  Of all the people in my national security team , she probably had the least to do with anything that happened in Benghazi , " he said . Rice said on Sunday news programs in the days following the attack that it was the result of a protest against an online anti-Islam film . She was heavily criticized for those statements , to the point that she withdrew her name from consideration as the next secretary of state to avoid what she called a "  lengthy , disruptive , and costly " confirmation process . Critics said Rice 's comments were out of line with the true intelligence about the incident and were an attempt by the administration to avoid tying it to terrorism . "  Most Americans recognize that these were largely politically motivated attacks as opposed to being justified , " Obama said . Next secretary of defense He has yet to make a decision as to who to nominate for secretary of defense , Obama said . Sources have said they think the president will pick Chuck Hagel , a Republican , who has met with controversy since his name has been connected with the position . Gay rights groups , which were strong supporters of Obama 's election campaigns , have hit Hagel for questioning in 1998 whether a nominee for an ambassadorship was suitable because he was "  openly , aggressively gay . " Obama , without calling Hagel his preferred candidate for the job , said : "  I 've served with Chuck Hagel  in the U.S. Senate  . I know him . He is a patriot . He is somebody who has done extraordinary work . " Hagel has apologized for those comments , Obama said . He added that he did n't see anything in Hagel 's political record that disqualified him as a potential nominee . Hagel currently is the co-chairman of the president 's Intelligence Advisory Board . Leon Panetta , who has been secretary of defense since July 2011 , has indicated he wants to return to private life next year . Four issues for the next term When asked about his priorities for the next four years , Obama listed immigration , the economy , energy and debt reduction . He will introduce legislation to fix a broken immigration system in 2013 , he said . "  We have talked about it long enough , " He said . "  We know how we can fix it . " Obama also wants to fix America 's infrastructure . "  If we are putting people back to work , rebuilding our roads , our bridges , our schools , in part paid for by some of these broader long-term deficit reduction measures that need to take place , that will grow our economy , " he said And he wants to increase further the amount of energy , especially green energy , that America produces . "  We are producing more energy and America can become an energy exporter .  The question is  how do we do that in a way that also deals with the environmental challenges that we also have at the same time , " Obama said . But the most pressing quandary is the fiscal cliff . "  It is going to be very hard for the economy to sustain its current growth trends if suddenly we have a huge bite taken of the average American 's paycheck , " he said .	President speaks to NBC for nearly 30 minutes Interview covers subjects like taxes , security at foreign embassies , gun control Obama plans to introduce immigration legislation in next year He thinks Chuck Hagel would be qualified to be next secretary of defense
CNN  -- Watch Amanpour 's interview with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on CNN International on Wednesday at 14:00 ET / 20:00 CET For the first time in its 34-year history , the Islamic Republic of Iran is approaching the West with a unified voice to save its sanction-afflicted economy . President Hassan Rouhani made a series of overtures ahead of his trip to New York this week in an effort to end Iran 's nuclear row with the West . Rouhani and his foreign minister , Javad Zarif , sent Rosh Hashanah greetings to Jews worldwide to take the edge off the comments made by former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who had repeatedly called the Holocaust a myth . In an interview with NBC news last week , Rouhani stressed that Iran would never "  build weapons of mass destruction , including nuclear weapons " and announced that he had "  complete authority " to make a deal with the West . And finally last week , he wrote a piece in the Washington Post , calling directly for "  constructive engagement . " His conciliatory gestures are meaningful only in light of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's statement last week , declaring that it was time to end the country 's diplomatic dispute . Khamenei has the final word on state matters and had blocked previous governments from engagement with the West . For over two decades , he labeled "  compromise " as a sign of weakness . But in a clear policy shift , he backed Rouhani 's efforts and called for "  heroic leniency , " suggesting that a series of internal and external challenges have brought the change . Rouhani was elected in July on a mandate to save the country 's dying economy and increase social and political liberties . The country 's crude oil revenue has dropped more than 50 % since 2011 under U.S.-led sanctions aimed at pressuring Iran over its controversial nuclear program . Devaluation of the Rial , Iran 's currency , has quadrupled since 2009 and inflation soured this month to more than 39 % , according to Iranian Central Bank . Iran has no access to its assets in foreign accounts because of the sanctions and the country 's gas and oil infrastructure have suffered under the restrictions . Iranian leaders are aware that economic pressure is increasing the public anger and fear that it could lead to a repeat of the massive demonstrations of 2009 , when millions of people protested what they believed was a fraudulent re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The regime used violence to crush those protests but watched warily as political upheavals unfolded in Egypt , Tunisia and Bahrain . Now Iran is losing its only political ally in the region -- President Bashar al-Assad of Syria . For years , Syria has been Iran 's crucial link to Hezbollah , Iran 's feared arm in the Middle East that brought significant regional power for Iran . Assad 's demise , would dash Iran 's hopes of becoming a major regional player . Iranians are reasonably optimistic this time that President Rouhani can ease the sanctions and lift some of political pressures at home . The Rial , the local currency , strengthened by 25 % against the U.S. dollar this week , indicating high levels of hope before Rouhani 's trip . The regime also released 80 activists who had been jailed since the protests in 2009 . Prominent political leaders still remain behind bars , which reminded people not to have high expectations . Rouhani was elected in a semi-democratic election to restore some of the regime 's lost legitimacy while posing no serious threat to Khamenei 's leadership . The regime barred liberal candidates with large support base from entering the race but unlike 2009 , it went ahead and counted the votes cast for Rouhani . Rouhani had sided with Khamenei during the country 's first pro-democracy uprising in 1999 that led to brutal repression of the student movement . He emerged in the presidential race this year as a moderate , indicating the depth of change within the regime . Rouhani had served as Iran 's first nuclear negotiator and in 2003 signed the Additional Protocol that allowed the United Nations ' nuclear inspectors visit Iran 's nuclear sites . As Iranian analyst Nasser Hadian argued this month , Rouhani "  knows how to navigate the corridors of power in Iran " and formulate a strategy out of the current diplomatic impasse . He is a trusted politician who has known Khamenei for 40 years and served as his representative on the Supreme National Security Council for 25 years . "  His insider status is an asset rather than a liability , " Hadian wrote . Khamenei backed Rouhani 's diplomatic efforts this month during a meeting with members of the Revolutionary Guards Corps -- a hard-line military force that has historically opposed engagement with the West Khamenei also urged the force not to interfere in politics , a shift from previous years that would be crucial to avoid derailing Rouhani 's efforts .	Rouhani was elected on a mandate to save Iran 's dying economy and increase political liberties , writes Fathi Iranian leaders are aware that economic pressure is increasing the public anger , she says Rouhani served as Iran 's first nuclear negotiator ... allowing U.N. inspectors to visit Iran 's nuclear sites Fathi says Rouhani 's relationship with the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is an asset
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The central government may step in to stop a city in Aceh province from prohibiting women from wearing pants and "  straddling " motorbikes or bicycles , requiring women to instead ride two-wheel vehicles "  sidesaddle . " The mayor of the town of Lhokseumawe told the Jakarta Globe this week that the town planned to submit the new rule because "  we 've seen that people 's behaviors and morals are getting far from Aceh 's Islamic cultural values . " Photos : Women of Indonesia "  We want to save women from things that will cause them to violate Shariah law . We wish to honor women with this ban , because they are delicate creatures , " the Globe quoted Mayor Suaidi Yahya as saying . Home Affairs Ministry spokesman Reydonnyzar Moenek said "  the proposed regulations need to be clarified and evaluated by the home affairs minister before the local government can issue it as a decree . " "  There have been criticisms that the proposed decree is discriminatory and has a gender bias , " said Reydonnyzar . However , he added that local regulations , particularly for Aceh -- which has a special autonomy status -- need to reflect the local culture , traditions and aspirations of citizens . Read more : Muslim protests may force cancellation of Lady Gaga concert in Indonesia The ministry will wait for the Lhokseumawe authorities to submit the draft for consideration , the spokesman said . The ministry can repeal local regulations . In 2012 , Jakarta identified 173 local regulations that were contradictory to national laws and interests , the ministry spokesman said . Some were Shariah-based laws ; others were regulations considered unfavorable towards investment and business . Indonesia human rights advocates were upset by the move . "  Why deal with something like  straddling  ? " asked Destika Gilang Lestari , Aceh coordinator for the Commission for Missing Persons and Victims of Violence , a nongovernment organization . "  The mayor should focus on the fulfillment of the rights of victims of conflict that still needs the government 's attention , " as well as poverty alleviation and social welfare , she added . The area was hardest hit by the 2004 South Asia tsunami , which killed tens of thousands across 14 countries . In 2005 , the Indonesian government and Aceh rebel signed a peace treaty that ended nearly 30 years of fighting in a civil war that killed 15,000 people . Read more : Indonesia : The newest BRIC ?	A city in Indonesia may prohibit women wearing pants and "  straddling " bikes The central government could step in and prohibit the law , which has n't be formally passed Mayor : Law will "  save women from things that will cause them to violate Shariah law " Indonesia human rights advocates were upset by the move , calling it discriminatory
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Severely burned 3-year-old Isabella "  Pippi " Kruger has experienced a level of horror and pain that would test the nerves of a soldier . Her survival alone is miraculous and the procedure being undertaken to save her is a first of its kind in South Africa . Doctors will get a first look at how successful that procedure might be this week , when reconstructive surgeon Dr. Ridwan Mia will carefully peel away layers of bandages around Pippi 's tiny torso . Her ordeal began on New Year 's Eve . Pippi played outside as her father , Erwin Kruger , prepared a barbeque using a highly flammable liquid gel . As he lit the gel , its container exploded and covered Pippi 's small body . She screamed as her skin burned and "  bubbled " according to her mother , Anice Kruger . The toddler sustained third-degree burns on 80 % of her body . Afterward , she was struck with four cardiac arrests , kidney failures , collapsed lungs and multiple infections . Her critical condition eventually stabilized under the care of Mia and others at the Netcare Garden City Hopsital in Johannesburg . But the Krugers were uncomfortable with their options for healing her skin : temporarily use skin from a cadaver or from a pig , or take her small portion of undamaged skin and graft it elsewhere . "  Please do n't take the perfect skin , just give me a week to find something else , " begged Anice of Mia . After days on the Internet and hours reaching out to reconstructive specialists in the United States , Pippi 's mother discovered a company in Boston called Genzyme whose specialty is growing layers of human skin by cloning a 2-square-centimeter sample from a patient . The process , called a cultured epidermal autograft , was done more than 100 times in the United States last year , according to Genzyme . However , because the "  new " skin must be administered within 24 hours of leaving the lab , it has n't been attempted much farther away -- never before in South Africa -- and it 's not cheap . "  The only lab is in the U.S. , it is extremely expensive to set up with special technicians and very specialized equipment . It took years to get the technology there , but I think the big problem is cost , " Genzyme 's Dr. Alan Barrett said . He explained that in Pippi 's case , the price tag of new skin is $ 82,000 . Only through local medical coverage and generous online donations have the Krugers been able to consider such a modern solution with no guarantee it will work . Even when the skin does make it to the patient within 24 hours -- as it did for Pippi last Monday after a trans-Atlantic flight -- potential risks are many . The grafted skin could tear , and infection is possible from the trace amounts of murine cells , which come from lab rats or mice , used to aid skin growth . In fact , Mia wo n't know if Pippi 's new skin is attaching itself properly until he gently pulls back her bandages on Monday and each following day . For Pippi 's mother , the uncertainty is worth the cost and the risk even if it offers nothing more than further hope . "  I ca n't bear to see her like this again , " she said . "  I know it 's for the best ... she will heal in God 's perfect time . "	3-year-old Isabella "  Pippi " Kruger has third-degree burns over 80 % of her body A relatively new skin-graft procedure is being tried for the first time in South Africa The only lab doing the procedure is in the United States The new skin had to be flown quickly from the lab to South Africa
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea fired back at North Korea on Wednesday after it said three shots from the North hit waters close to the maritime border . There were no casualties reported , the South Korean defense ministry said . Tensions between the neighbors heightened last year after 50 South Koreans were killed in two separate incidents . In November , the South accused North Korea of shelling Yeonpyeong Island , near the border between the two sides . The incident killed two South Korean marines and two civilians . North Korea said the shelling was in retaliation for the South 's navy firing into Northern waters . And in March 2010 , South Korea accused the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships , killing 46 sailors . North Korea denies attacking the warship Cheonan , though a Seoul-led international investigation found that a North Korean mini-submarine responsible . Tensions remained high after talks between North and South Korea collapsed in February when the two sides failed to reach an agreement on securing high-level military discussions .	There are no reported casualties , the South Korean defense ministry says In November , the South accused the North of shelling Yeonpyeong Island 50 South Koreans were killed last year in what the South called attacks from the North
CNN  Australia has recalled its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations after two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions "  cruel and unnecessary " because both men , Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , had been "  fully rehabilitated " during a decade in prison . Abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against Indonesia . "  This is a dark moment in the relationship , but I 'm sure the relationship will be restored , " he said . One of the men 's Indonesian lawyers , Todung Mulya Lubis tweeted his apologies . "  I failed . I lost , " he said . "  I 'm sorry . " Indonesian President Joko Widodo appeared to shrug off the diplomatic recall , telling reporters that "  our legal sovereignty must be respected . We also respect other countries ' legal sovereignty . " Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said the country had no plans to recall its own ambassador in response . "  This is a legal case . This is not a political case so at this very stage , we do not have any plan to call our ambassador back from Canberra , " he said . Six other inmates were executed , including Nigerians Raheem Salami , Silvester Obiekwe Nwolise , Okwudil Oyatanze and Martin Anderson ; Indonesian Zainal Abidin and Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte , who was said to be mentally ill . On Wednesday , Brazil 's foreign ministry released a statement expressing "  deep sadness " at Gularte 's execution , saying that Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff had urged her Indonesian counterpart to spare him due to his "  psychiatric condition . " Gularte is the second Brazilian to be executed in Indonesia this year , with the first -- Marco Archer Cardoso Moreira -- prompting the country to recall its ambassador for consultations . The Indonesian government had originally announced that nine prisoners would be executed , but at the last moment Filipina Mary Jane Veloso was spared . "  We are so happy , so happy . I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good . Thank you to everyone who helped us , " her mother Celia Veloso told CNN . Philippines embassy officials said Veloso would be returned to Yogyakarta prison in Central Java later on Wednesday . No reason was given for the reprieve but it may relate to developments in her case late on Tuesday . CNN Philippines reported that Veloso 's alleged recruiter , Maria Kristina Sergio and her partner Julius Lacanilao , surrendered to authorities . The report said Sergio had denied all accusations in relation to Veloso 's case . Veloso 's lawyers claimed the mother-of-two was the victim of human trafficking . They say she was offered work in Malaysia , but when she arrived she was told the job had been filled and was n't aware the bag she 'd been given for the return journey to Indonesia was filled with drugs . A tenth prisoner , Frenchman Serge Atlaoui , was also scheduled to be executed but his case was delayed while a court considers a legal challenge . Candlelight vigils were held for Chan and Sukumaran in the hours ahead of the expected execution . The men 's legal teams had been fighting for years for a stay , but it was n't to be . The men -- then aged in their early twenties -- were arrested in 2005 as part of the "  Bali Nine , " a drug smuggling gang that intended to import 8 kilograms  17.6 pounds  of heroin from Bali to Australia . They failed . The pair were transported with other prisoners to Indonesia 's so-called "  execution island " in March , and after being given 72-hours notice of their execution on Saturday , Chan married his longtime girlfriend , Febyanti Herewila , on Monday in prison . The executions of Sukumaran and Chan came despite the fact that both this week received a court date of May 12 to hear an outstanding legal challenge . On Tuesday , lawyers for the men also said Indonesia 's Judicial Commission had yet to properly investigate claims of corruption during their original trial and sentencing . They said three of the men 's Indonesian lawyers had been summoned to attend the commission on May 7 . However , before the executions , Indonesia insisted that all legal avenues had closed . On Tuesday , the prisoners ' families were heard wailing as they boarded a boat for the execution site . Visiting hours were extended until 8 p.m. to give them extra time before they were asked to leave . Under Indonesian law , the death penalty is carried out by a 12-man firing squad , although only three guns are loaded with live ammunition . Prisoners are given the choice of whether to stand or sit , and whether they want to wear a blindfold , hood or nothing . The shots -- aimed at the heart -- are fired from between 5 and 10 meters  16 to 33 feet  , according to Amnesty International . After the executions , the rights group released a statement condemning them as "  reprehensible " and issue fresh calls for a moratorium on the death penalty . While the Bali Nine have garnered much international attention , their punishment is part of a larger government effort to combat illegal drug trafficking . Indonesian President Widodo has insisted that Indonesia would not be swayed by appeals for clemency because the country is dealing with a "  drugs crisis . " He told CNN in January that clemency would not be extended to drug traffickers , leading to an appeal from Chan and Sukumaran that their cases had n't been properly considered . Lawyers for the two men said they underwent radical rehabilitation during their 10 years in Kerobokan prison and were helping to counsel and support other inmates . Chan was ordained as a Christian minister who led prayer meetings , while Sukumaran became an accomplished painter and established his own art classes inside the Bali prison . The Indonesian government did n't confirm until late Tuesday that the executions were to go ahead . Preparations were clearly underway earlier that day , with the arrival of ambulances at the port where boats leave to go to Nusa Kambangan island where the prisoners were being held . Images showed individual crosses bearing the prisoners ' names and the date April 29 , 2015 . Families were in little doubt as to what lay ahead . When reports of his death emerged , Sukumaran 's cousin tweeted : "  I love you more than you can imagine . Your legacy will live on . I promise . Save me a place in heaven . " CNN 's Tasha Tampubolon contributed to this report .	Brazil extends ` deepest sympathy ' to family of executed Brazilian Indonesia executed eight death row inmates early Wednesday Australian PM calls executions "  cruel and unnecessary "
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- A volunteer army gathered Monday at Arlington National Cemetery to devote its best efforts toward preserving the final resting place of those who devoted their lives to their country . The Professional Landcare Network  PLANET  hosted its 16th annual Renewal & Remembrance beautification project at the sprawling cemetery . Scores of lawn and landscape professionals , joined by hundreds of volunteers including children as young as 3 , spent the day working on the preservation of land surrounding thousands of grave sites . "  The opportunity to be able to come out , to give back , to preserve something , that really means a lot , not only  to me  as a veteran , but it means a lot to these volunteers , " said veteran Tim Price , who fought in Iraq . Shelby Wanzor , a soon-to-be fifth-grader from Atlanta , was among the young volunteers and she , by virtue of an essay she wrote , got the honor of laying a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns . "  My Grandfather , Aubrey Wanzor , was a crew chief for B-17s and B-25s in World War II . My Uncle John was trained as a medical doctor and a Captain in the Army . I also have a lot of other relatives who fought in the wars , " noted Shelby in her essay , which was among the winning writings in PLANET 's second annual Renewal & Remembrance essay contest . Shelby 's mother , Elizabeth Wanzor , said volunteer work at Arlington National Cemetery gives children "  a chance to see history and a chance to see people who died for our freedom ... The kids are the future of our country , and it 's important for them to see what 's going on . " Young volunteers were tasked Monday with planting milkweed because , as Shelby Wanzor noted , "  It attracts monarch butterflies . " The professionals among the volunteers spread fertilizer and lime over Arlington National 's acres of turf and worked with the cemetery 's thousands of trees and plants . "  In addition to the fertilization , and the spreading of lime , we do tree work here , to protect the trees from lightening by cabling them , making them stronger and resisting wind and other storm factors . It 's a very complete service , " said PLANET president Norman Goldenberg . No matter what the tasks , the volunteers were ever mindful of where they were and why . "  There are probably 20 to 30 funerals a day that take place here , and we have to stop and recognize them as they pass by , " said Goldenberg . "  Some have bands that are associated with them and  with  some their coffins are on caissons , and it is so very touching to see the people that have given their lives for what we have today , the freedoms and liberties that we enjoy . That 's why we have no problem getting people here as volunteers . " Landscaper Matt Owens was among those volunteers , joined by two of his children . "  This is something that I hope to be making an annual event here now , " Owens said . "  And I think the kids are having a great time . It 's just an important aspect of being able to give back to the industry , to the veterans . "	The Professional Landcare Network hosts its 16th annual Renewal & Remembrance Volunteers work for a day to preserve Arlington National Cemetery 's grounds "  The opportunity to be able ... to preserve something , that really means a lot , " says a veteran
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Just call it the anti-protest protest . Tens of thousands of people marched through Hong Kong yesterday in support of China and to protest Occupy Central , a pro-democracy movement that says it will plan to stage a civil disobedience sit-in unless the Chinese government allows the Hong Kong public to nominate and vote for its next leader . Robert Chow , the organizer of Sunday 's march , said it represented Hong Kong 's desire to work "  peacefully " with the Chinese government in Beijing on political reform . "  We want universal suffrage , but not at any cost , " he told CNN Monday . The pro-government march followed the same route as Hong Kong 's massive annual anti-government , pro-democracy rally on July 1 , but the tenor was markedly different : Sunday 's marchers were arranged into organized groups wearing matching t-shirts , some emblazoned with names of mainland Chinese organizations . Many waved Chinese flags . Paid protester claim Local media swirled with reports of marchers getting paid or bused in to attend the pro-government march . One video  Cantonese  purportedly showed cash being handed out to marchers . Other images appeared to show marchers getting paid and enjoying free food in a dim-sum restaurant . Chow said he took the bribery accusations "  seriously " and would "  investigate " but maintained that no laws were broken . There were also conflicting reports on the size of the march . Chow said his group counted a "  quarter million " marchers , but an estimate by University of Hong Kong statisticians put the number much lower , between 79,000 and 88,000 . By contrast , July 's pro-democracy rally drew between 154,000 and 172,000 , according to the university . Pictures taken by reporters appeared to show a noticeably thinner crowd on Sunday than the crowd in July , but Chow said the difference was because "  we were marching very , very fast . " Historic Hong Kong neighborhood fights to preserve its past Different visions of democracy Benny Tai , the organizer of Occupy Central , said Chow 's rally offered "  nothing substantial " in terms of new ideas . " -LSB- Chow 's supporters -RSB- talk about universal suffrage , but they never explain what they mean by universal suffrage . " Tai 's group has proposed an electoral reform package in which every citizen would be allowed to vote for the city 's next leader , with candidates freely nominated by the general public . But Beijing says it will only allow citizens to vote on candidates that are approved by a small , China-friendly committee . Chow , who supports the government 's plan , said Hong Kongers should take the deal rather than risk a volatile showdown with China . "  We want universal suffrage , with peace . Iraq has universal suffrage -- has it got peace ? No , we do n't want that , " he said . "  Benny Tai wants a specific way of election , or else . If we do n't get it , then all hell breaks loose . " The current chief executive of Hong Kong , Leung Chun-ying , is favored by Beijing and has signed a petition in support of Chow 's movement . Under the "  one country , two systems " policy , the seven million residents of Hong Kong -- defined as a "  Special Administrative Region " of China -- are afforded greater civil liberties than those in the mainland , under a leadership approved by Beijing . This reflects an agreement reached between China and the United Kingdom prior to the handover of the city in 1997 , which promised Hong Kong a "  high degree of autonomy " for 50 years after its return . But there are increasing fears that those freedoms are being eroded . OPINION : Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy matters What is Beijing thinking ? The future of Hong Kong could become clear soon . On August 31 , China 's powerful National People 's Congress Standing Committee is expected to announce a decision on Hong Kong 's electoral reform . If the decision seems to leave open the possibility for Hong Kongers to nominate their own leaders , then Tai has said he 'll work with the government to produce an election reform plan that "  satisfies international standards . " But if not , "  there will be no more negotiation and we will have to plan for Occupy Central . " The threat of civil disobedience "  is our bargaining power , " he explained . "  They take us seriously , though they will never admit that . " Democracy in China ? Although at odds with one another , both Chow and Tai believe democracy in Hong Kong might one day lead to democracy in China . Tai said Hong Kong is a test case for the mainland 's political future . "  For political reform , that is , introducing true elections , Hong Kong could be the experimental ground for the Communist Party . The Chinese government will closely observe how elections will be conducted . "  If Hong Kong gets the chance to have true universal suffrage , that may reflect that China has the intention to introduce political reform or some kind of election in the future -- maybe in five or ten years . " Chow said Chinese democracy might look "  very different from the western style of democracy . "  Maybe it 'll turn out to be a better system . " READ MORE : Will protest or persuasion shape Hong Kong 's future ?	Tens of thousands march to protest Occupy Central democracy movement Organizer claims quarter-million attended march , other estimates far lower Occupy Central organizer Benny Tai says he is not concerned China 's government will release decision on Hong Kong election reform soon
CNN  -- A wide-eyed , open-mouthed model of a dinosaur hatchling , the theft of which apparently was captured by surveillance cameras , is safely back in its nest at a North Carolina museum exhibit . Police said the statue was inside a bag left Wednesday night near a rear service entrance at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences in Raleigh . Museum officials estimated the value of the 12 - to 14-inch-long model at $ 10,000 . Logan Todd Ritchey , 21 , and Alyssa Ann Lavacca , 21 , turned themselves in Thursday morning , according to the North Carolina State Capitol Police . They have been charged with two felony counts of theft or destruction of property of museums . In surveillance images taken Monday , a male in striped shorts is seen climbing over a low glass barrier into a museum exhibit and bending down . He then hops back out over the barrier and puts something in a large , multicolored purse carried by a female accomplice . Security guards discovered the replica was missing the next day . Police also suspect the pair in a similarly odd theft of items at the North Carolina Museum of History . Inventory missing from that museum included a prop cabbage head , a prop corn cob and prop doilies , along with a real medicine bottle , said Jackson Marshall , associate director of the history museum . They were later found at the sciences museum , Marshall said . Police said the suspects have been cooperative in the investigation . "  I doubt these two individuals realized the seriousness of tampering with artifacts and exhibits in a public museum , " said State Capitol Police Chief Glen Allen .	Baby dinosaur replica at N.C. Museum of Natural Sciences is valued at about $ 10,000 Two people are shown in surveillance images apparently taking the replica from its exhibit The two are also suspected of taking prop veggies and doilies from history museum The items missing from the history museum are found at the sciences museum
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama left no doubt about his position on the hottest topic in the world of college football . Florida came out on top over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game . "  We need a playoff , " Obama told reporters after being asked about Florida 's 24-14 victory over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game . "  If I 'm Utah , or if I 'm USC or if I 'm Texas , I might still have some quibbles . " Since its inception in 1998 , the NCAA 's Bowl Championship Series has weathered criticism from nearly all directions . The BCS is the system that chooses the contenders for college football 's most prominent postseason games : the Fiesta , Orange , Rose and Sugar bowls , as well the National Championship game , which this year put Oklahoma against Florida . The BCS relies on a compilation of polls and rankings instead of , to the consternation of many , actual competition . Florida , Oklahoma and Texas all finished the season with one loss . Texas actually handed Oklahoma its one defeat in October on a neutral field . When the BCS computer system put Florida and Oklahoma in this year 's national championship game , the annual back-and-forth over whether to have a college football playoff system was reignited . Utah was the only college football team to finish the season undefeated , but its conference is considered less competitive and therefore was put at a statistical disadvantage in the BCS . Friday was not the first time Obama stated his preference for a playoff system . "  It would add three extra weeks to the season , " Obama said in a "  60 Minutes " interview just after his election . "  You could trim back on the regular season . I do n't know any serious fan of college football who has disagreed with me on this . So , I 'm going to throw my weight around a little bit . I think it 's the right thing to do . " Each year , Republicans and Democrats alike are angered by what they see as inherent unfairness in the BCS arrangement . In 2008 , legislators -- for one reason or another -- drafted legislation to invalidate the BCS on grounds that it misdirects commerce . Watch how a playoff system could change college football " In an April resolution , the House of Representatives formally , if not forcibly , condemned the BCS as "  an illegal restraint of trade that violates the Sherman Anti-Trust Act " and also urged the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division to investigate . Since this resolution , though , no serious action has been pursued . On Thursday , Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , reintroduced the College Football Playoff Act of 2008 . The bill , originally introduced December 10 , would "  prohibit , as an unfair and deceptive act or practice , the promotion , marketing , and advertising of any post-season NCAA Division I football game as a national championship game unless such game is the culmination of a fair and equitable playoff system . " If passed , this bill would apply to any game that occurs after January 31 , 2011 . It would be enforceable by the Federal Trade Commission . Barton said Thursday that those watching the championship game are being "  bamboozled . " "  This year 's BCS failure proves once again that it 's time for college football to come up with a fair way to determine its champion , " he said in a statement . "  It does pit two very worthy teams against each other , but can anyone say unequivocally that the winner will be the best team in the country ? " The BCS governing body -- made up of the commissioners from all NCAA Division I-A conferences ; the athletics director from Notre Dame , which is n't affiliated with a conference ; and representatives from each bowl organization -- announced in spring 2008 that the system would be used through at least the 2014 season . Later , ESPN outbid Fox for a four-year television rights deal with the BCS . To begin in 2011 , this contract rests on the understanding that the current system will remain in place . Barton , the ranking Republican in the Energy and Commerce Committee , represents the 6th District of Texas . Two of his co-sponsors , Republican Reps. Michael McCaul and Lamar Smith , represent districts 10 and 21 , respectively -- two of the four districts that collectively represent Austin , home of the University of Texas . Regardless of lawmakers ' personal affiliation with home teams , the official motivation for college football reform is the same as for any similar economic reform : to help the little guy compete . The BCS is composed of eleven conferences . The six traditionally dominant conferences -- the Atlantic Coast , Big East , Big 12 , Big Ten , Pacific 10 and Southeastern -- are guaranteed at least one berth in one of the BCS bowls . Each year , they are awarded $ 18 million , plus $ 4.5 million for each additional team that appears in a bowl game . Meanwhile , only one team from the smaller conferences -- Conference USA , Mid-American , Mountain West , Sun Belt and Western Athletic -- is given this opportunity . For the 2006-07 postseason , an average of $ 25.5 million in revenue was awarded per large conference , while the small conferences averaged $ 5 million each . As the argument goes , the larger postseason earnings provide an advantage -- in athletic recruiting , as well as for each university as a whole -- to the "  power " conferences . This is not the first time lawmakers have voiced their discontent . In 2005 , Barton summoned a BCS official before an Energy and Commerce subcommittee , but legislation did not result . And in 2003 , both the House and Senate Judiciary committees held oversight hearings to examine the BCS system , though the combined result yielded not much more than a sound bite from current Vice President-elect Joe Biden : "  It looks un-American . ... It looks like a rigged deal . "	Florida beat Oklahoma , 24-14 , in Thursday night 's BCS championship game NCAA 's Bowl Championship Series has been accused of unfairness BCS relies on polls and rankings instead of actual competition College Football Playoff Act of 2008 asks for "  fair and equitable playoff system "
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg favors the little guy , but that attitude can pose obstacles for popular websites that want to work with his company . Apple and Google , which are among the biggest technology businesses in the world , find themselves stonewalled at times by Zuckerberg and company . That sometimes results in less functional applications . Apple launched its music-centric social network , called Ping , as part of an iTunes update that contained a Facebook component . But Apple had to remove integration with the world 's largest social network hours after Ping launched . Last week Twitter announced an agreement with Apple 's Ping . Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO , spurned Facebook for what he considered were "  onerous terms . " When questioned about this in an interview onstage at the Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco on Tuesday , Zuckerberg said with a shrug , "  It 's fine . " Then Zuckerberg pointed out that the two work together in many ways . For example , Facebook 's app "  is on the vast majority of iPhones , " he said at an event earlier this month at Facebook 's Palo Alto , California , headquarters . As for Facebook 's relationship with Google , the two are in the midst of a public spat about letting users import and export personal data between the social network and Gmail . Facebook , which launched an email service on Monday , does n't let users easily migrate addresses to other apps . Zuckerberg said at the conference on Tuesday that this move was meant to protect the private contact information of a user 's friends . He backtracked near the end of that fireside chat and highlighted the data export issue as a potential mistake . "  I 've made so many mistakes in running the company so far , " he said . "  We still make mistakes all of the time . " The trouble , he said , is figuring out which of the company 's myriad problems "  really matter . " Zuckerberg also seemed to distance himself from Google , the undisputed leader in search , last month when Facebook announced a deal with Microsoft 's Bing . "  They 're just trying to rapidly gain -LSB- market -RSB- share by doing awesome stuff , " Zuckerberg said of Microsoft at the Bing event . "  They 're really the underdog here . " But Microsoft was n't spared from criticisms during Tuesday 's event . Microsoft , a massive computer software company and an investor in Facebook , has thousands of engineers , Zuckerberg pointed out ; Facebook has fewer , and is therefore seen by developers as a more effective and attractive employer , he said . Zuckerberg makes it known that he has a soft spot for budding entrepreneurs . When asked about "  The Social Network " -- the film based on the founding of Facebook -- Zuckerberg boasted of fan mail from people who say his story inspired them to become entrepreneurs . His mission is to "  enable others to build " social networking services , which can be accomplished using Facebook 's platform , he said . Small-time developers can freely make use of Facebook 's offerings , but larger companies must work directly or be locked out . Despite amassing 500 million people actively using the service , Zuckerberg still does n't consider Facebook a giant company . "  In some ways , I actually think we 're only now entering the zone where a lot of entrepreneurs will consider working with us , " he said . But during Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz 's onstage interview earlier Tuesday , she described Facebook as Yahoo 's "  competition . " This sentiment could create even greater disconnects between Facebook 's service and popular apps , as is the case with Gmail and Ping . Without being specific , Zuckerberg derided some large internet companies , saying they wo n't make it past a social networking revolution . "  Some are n't going to make it , " he said on Tuesday . "  I think there 's an exciting opportunity for some entrepreneurs . " Zuckerberg 's advice to "  incumbents , " as he calls technology giants : "  Get on the bus . " But that does n't mean he 's going to make it easy for them to board .	Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg favors "  underdogs " and entrepreneurs Apple and Google have struggled to make apps that work well with Facebook Small companies can freely build apps that work with Facebook
CNN  -- Seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher insists he is still motivated to race in Formula One despite last week 's announcement that he will be replaced at Mercedes by Lewis Hamilton . The German has been linked with a switch to the Sauber team after it was confirmed Mexican Sergio Perez would be leaving the Swiss-based marque to replace 2008 world champion Hamilton at McLaren . "  My motivation is completely intact after the news last week , " the 43-year-old told the sport 's official website ahead of this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix . "  Especially because Suzuka is one of the season 's highlights for me . I enjoy the circuit -- it has sections that challenge you as a driver like almost nowhere else . " Hamilton joins Mercedes in three-year deal Since coming out of retirement in 2010 , the former Ferrari driver has struggled to recapture his best form . He won five consecutive titles with the Italian team between 2000 and 2004 , but he has registered just one podium finish since returning to the sport . On Sunday , the most-decorated driver in F1 history will have his work cut out to finish in the points as Schumacher must serve a 10-place grid penalty at Suzuka for his part in a collision which forced both he and Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne out of the Singapore Grand Prix . "  Logically , it would also be nice to achieve a sporting highlight this weekend , " continued Schumacher . "  Although my chances are of course very limited because of my grid penalty . But I 've always approached these things as a challenge . " Schumacher is currently 12th in the drivers ' standings , 151 points behind championship leader Fernando Alonso of Ferrari , with six races of the season remaining .	Michael Schumacher insists he is motivated despite doubts over his future The German driver will be replaced at Mercedes for 2013 by Lewis Hamilton The seven-time world champion has been linked with a switch to Sauber Schumacher will serve a 10-place grid penalty at this weekend 's Japanese GP
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former Los Angeles cop with military training vowed war against other men in blue Thursday , leaving one officer dead days after he allegedly killed two other people to begin a wave of retribution for being fired , police said . The focus of the intensive , expansive manhunt is Christopher Jordan Dorner , a 270-pound former Navy lieutenant who has professed his venom against LAPD officers he claimed ruined his life by forcing him out of his dream job . Dorner blames one retired officer for bungling his appeal to get his job back in an 11-page manifesto , in which he also complained of mistreatment by the LAPD . In that letter -- provided to CNN by an LAPD source -- he vowed to violently target police officers and their families , whoever and wherever they are . "  I will bring unconventional and asymmetrical warfare to those in LAPD uniform whether on or off duty , " Dorner wrote . "  I never had the opportunity to have a family of my own , I 'm terminating yours . " Authorities believe he followed through on his threats early Thursday by shooting a Riverside , California , police officer and two others . A day earlier , Irvine police named Dorner a suspect in the double slayings Sunday of a woman -- identified by Los Angeles police as the daughter of a retired LAPD officer -- and her fiance . "  My opinion of the suspect is unprintable , " said Riverside police Chief Sergio Diaz , hours after one of his officers was killed . "  The manifesto , I think , speaks for itself  as  evidence of a depraved and abandoned mind and heart . " The violence , as well as Dorner 's background as a police officer and military trained marksman , left police on edge around Southern California . In Torrance , LAPD officers guarding one of Dorner 's alleged targets mistakenly opened fire on a blue pickup truck that resembled one Dorner was thought to be driving , said Los Angeles police Chief Charlie Beck . The gunfire left two people wounded , Beck said . Torrance police also fired on another blue pickup , but no one was injured in that incident , according to a senior law enforcement source . In downtown Los Angeles , police wearing body armor patrolled outside their own iconic headquarters . Police have good reason to be fearful , the chief said . "  Of course , he knows what he 's doing . We trained him , " Beck said . "  He was also a member of the armed forces . It is extremely worrisome and scary , especially to the officers involved . " The manhunt for Dorner spanned hundreds of miles and numerous counties . By Thursday afternoon , it was largely centered around Big Bear Lake -- about 100 miles east of Los Angeles -- where authorities found the truck the suspect allegedly used in the Riverside shooting . KTLA : Manhunt for former cop after officers shot Police confirmed that the vehicle , which was burnt out when it was found , belonged to Dorner by its vehicle identification number , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said . This discovery spurred more officers to converge on the area to conduct beefed up patrols , staff checkpoints and go to every residence in the mountain community . McMahon acknowledged the fire may have been set as a diversionary tactic , though law enforcement is n't taking any chances . Early Thursday evening , he said that aerial and K9 searches on the ground will "  continue as long as we can " -- though snow is coming -- and urged locals to be on alert . "  He could be anywhere at this point , and that 's why we 're searching door to door , " the sheriff said . 1 cop dies in ` cowardly ambush ' It all started Sunday when Dorner allegedly killed two people in Irvine , according to police . Police identified the victims as Monica Quan and her fiance Keith Lawrence . Quan , 27 , was the daughter of retired Los Angeles police Officer Randal Quan , LAPD Officer Tenesha Dobine told CNN . In his manifesto , Dorner said Quan handled his appeal . On Tuesday , Dorner checked into the Navy Gateway Inns and Suites on San Diego 's large naval base , Cmdr. Brad Fagan said . Dorner likely had access to the hotel because he 'd been honorably discharged from the Navy Reserve , said the Navy spokesman . Having retired February 1 as a lieutenant , Dorner worked with mobile inshore undersea warfare units and provided security on oil platforms in Iraq , according to Pentagon records . He was rated as a rifle marksman and pistol expert . "  He did not physically check out " Wednesday as expected , Fagan told reporters . Police in San Diego say a man who could have been Dorner tried to hijack a boat there on Wednesday . Someone later found a wallet containing Dorner 's identification and an LAPD detective 's badge near the San Diego airport , according to police . It was unclear whether the badge was legitimate . Timeline in manhunt for former L.A. cop By about 1 a.m. Thursday , the scene had shifted about 100 miles north to Corona , California . There , a pair of LAPD officers on a protection detail were flagged down by a citizen who reported seeing the suspect 's vehicle , LAPD Deputy Chief Jose Perez said . The officers chased the vehicle and caught up to it on an Interstate 15 off-ramp . "  The officers were fired upon with a shoulder weapon , " Perez said , with one of them suffering a "  graze wound " to his head . The police returned fire , while the suspect set off once again . About 20 minutes later , two police officers were in their car at a stop light in Riverside when Dorner allegedly pulled up beside them . That driver unleashed "  multiple rounds " from a rifle at the officers , riddling the cop car with bullets and leaving a 34-year-old officer , who had been on the Riverside force for 11 years , dead , according to Diaz . The other officer , 27 , was "  seriously wounded but we expect a full recovery , " the Riverside police chief said . KCBS : Riverside officer fatally shot It was "  a cowardly ambush , " said Diaz , claiming Dorner has "  no connection " to his city . A good Samaritan picked up one of their police radios and called dispatchers to send help , Riverside police said . Suspect calls attacks ' a necessary evil ' In addition to posting his manifesto online , Dorner reached out directly to CNN , mailing a parcel to AC360 anchor Anderson Cooper 's office at CNN in New York . The package arrived on February 1 and was opened by Cooper 's assistant . Inside was a hand-labeled DVD , accompanied by a yellow Post-it note reading , in part , "  I never lied " -- apparently in reference to his 2008 dismissal from the LAPD . The package also contained a coin wrapped in duct tape . The tape bears the hand-written inscription : "  Thanks , but no thanks , Will Bratton . " It also had letters that may be read as "  IMOA " , which could be a commonly used Internet abbreviation for "  Imagine a More Open America , " or possibly "  1 MOA , " which means one minute of angle , perhaps implying Dorner was notably accurate with a firearm . The coin is a souvenir medallion from former LAPD Chief William Bratton , of a type often given out as keepsakes . This one , though , was shot through with bullet holes : three bullet holes to the center and another shot nicked off the top . The editorial staff of AC360 and CNN management were made aware of the package Thursday . Upon learning of its existence , they alerted Bratton and law enforcement . Bratton headed the LAPD at the time Dorner was dismissed . The dispute centers on a 2007 incident in San Pedro involving a man 's arrest at a DoubleTree hotel . Two weeks later , Dorner accused his training officer of kicking the man after he 'd given up . The investigators ' report said "  the delay in reporting the alleged misconduct coupled with the witness ' statements irreparably destroy Dorner 's credibility . " The report cited contradictory accounts from the arrested man and his father and denials by the accused officer and three hotel employees that the arrested man had been kicked . Dorner claims he was wrongly ousted for blowing the whistle on what he insists was police abuse . Suspect 's grudge dates back to 2007 complaint Dorner challenged his firing for years , losing at every turn . First , the police department 's Board of Rights rejected his appeal . Then , in October 2011 , a judge ruled against his appeal , according to court records . Beck , the Los Angeles police chief , said Thursday that Dorner 's case had been "  thoroughly reviewed " and said the department would not apologize to Dorner or clear his name . But as his manifesto shows , Dorner is showing no sign of relenting . He complained he had been railroaded out of the department after reporting police brutality by another officer . Dorner also complained of a continuing culture of racism and brutality in the LAPD . Attacks on other police officers and their families , he said , are "  a necessary evil that I do not enjoy but must partake and complete for substantial change to occur within the LAPD and reclaim my name . " "  Look your wives/husbands and surviving children directly in the face and tell them the truth as to why your children are dead , " Dorner wrote . Such a chilling warning prompted Los Angeles police to set up 40 protective details in an effort to safeguard people listed in Dorner 's letter , Beck said . The chief acknowledged that this effort was taxing the department , which has been placed under tactical alert , meaning all officers must stay on duty . "  It 's extremely , extremely manpower intensive , " Beck said . "  But the safety of my employees , people that come on the job to protect the lives of strangers , is extremely important to me . And I will expend whatever resource is necessary . " KABC : Former cop shoots three officers CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Sara Weisfeldt , Barbara Starr , Pete Janos , Mallory Simon and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : With snow coming , authorities continue to hunt for the suspect near Big Bear Lake Police believe former cop Christopher Jordan Dorner shot three officers , killing one This was days after he allegedly killed two people , one a retired LAPD officer 's daughter In an 11-page manifesto , Dorner promises "  war " on police and their families
Tokyo  CNN  -- Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged to move forward swiftly with his plans to revive Japan 's staggering economy after weekend elections gave his Liberal Democratic Party control of the upper house of parliament . The conservative LDP and its coalition partner together won 76 of the 121 seats in the House of Councillors , giving them a total of 133 votes in the 242-member chamber . Afterward , Abe said he wanted to press ahead with his plans -- including his economic programs -- "  with speed . " "  I would like to meet the expectation of the Japanese people , " Abe said after Sunday 's vote . "  Since the inauguration of my administration , we have been appealing that our policies are the only way to go . We believe that the Japanese people pushed us to make policy decisions and bring about the result . " The LDP controls the lower house of the Diet , Japan 's parliament . But until Sunday , the House of Councillors was led by opposition parties that had made it difficult for Abe to get his program through the chamber . Abe took office in December , becoming Japan 's seventh prime minister in six years and taking a second turn at the job . He immediately launched a program nicknamed "  Abenomics , " a combination of coordinated government spending , structural reforms and central bank stimulus . The plan was to boost prices and end 15 years of deflation , leading to more robust growth for the world 's third-largest economy . And Japan 's economy surged in the first quarter of 2013 , growing a faster-than-expected 3.5 % -- but a stock-market skid in June raised questions about whether policymakers can pull off the high-wire act in the heavily indebted country . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo ; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta .	"  Our policies are the only way to go , " Abe says His ruling Liberal Democrats won control of Japan 's upper house on Sunday He has launched an ambitious plan to revive Japan 's economy
New York  CNN  -- A New York newspaper is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the "  lowlife " who defaced a statue of Jackie Robinson outside the Brooklyn Cyclones baseball stadium . Vandals marked racial slurs and symbols on the sculpture of Robinson and teammate Pee Wee Reese sometime between the end of the Cyclones game Tuesday night and 7 a.m. Wednesday , according to a spokesman for the New York City Police Department . A swastika , "  anti-Semitic comments " and the N-word were written in black marker on the statue and its base , officials said . The NYPD 's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the matter as a possible bias incident . The Cyclones and police are reviewing security camera video , hoping it will lead them to a suspect or suspects , said Brooklyn Cyclones director of communications Billy Harner . No arrests have been made . The New York Daily News on its front page Thursday kicked off a hunt for the "  lowlife who scrawled epithets " on the statue . In red , slanted letters it posted a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrator . The statue immortalizes a moment of racial progress in American history in the 1940s , depicting the instant when Reese , who is white , walked over to Robinson and put an arm around him as the first African-American player in the big leagues endured racial slurs from the stands . According to the legend , the crowds fell silent at the show of solidarity . Opinion : The Jackie Robinson biopic and me The newspaper showed a photograph of the defaced statue , with parts of the epithets blurred . The parks department has already managed to remove the majority of the graffiti , Harner said . "  Almost every Saturday morning I stop by the statue on my bike , and am deeply moved each time , " U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer said in a statement . "  Defacing the Jackie Robinson statue is a dagger in the heart to everything America stands for , and I hope those who are responsible are caught , punished , and taught why what they did is so disgusting and offensive . " Inner city team honors baseball pioneers The stadium is just steps away from Coney Island 's famous boardwalk . The team is the minor league club associated with Major League Baseball 's New York Mets franchise . Robinson was the first African-American baseball player to play with a modern-era Major League Baseball team , the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 . His jersey number , 42 , was retired in 1997 , though it is still worn by New York Yankees closer , Mariano Rivera . The film "  42 , " which was released in April , tells Robinson 's story of breaking the color barrier in the sport . Honoring ' 42 ' comes slowly to legend 's hometown CNN 's Dave Alsup and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : New York newspaper offers $ 10,000 for information leading to arrest and conviction Schumer calls act a "  dagger in the heart " Someone wrote the N-word and drew a swastika on the statue Robinson was the first African-American player in the major leagues
CNN  Sports personality Jim Rome apologized for calling members of marching bands "  dorks " after Band Nation schooled the professional provocateur on what it takes to be in a band . The CBS sportscaster , who has earned a reputation for name-calling and starting fights , started the controversy on Thursday with a tweet that has since been deleted . "  Is there anyone not in a marching band who thinks those dorks running around with their instruments are cool ? " Musicians and marching bands responded using the hashtag #MarchOnRome with a few examples of why being in a marching band is more than running around a field , prompting Rome to apologize . For example , when was the last time you or Rome had an audience with the Pope in Italy ? Also , marching band is not just a college thing . The U.S. Army has its own marching band consisting of active service members . The controversy has even prompted an online petition asking CBS Sports to air the Drum Corps International 's World Championship Finals this fall . Here 's to hoping !	CBS sportscaster calls marching band members "  dorks running around " with instruments Band nation responses with #MarchOnRome showing what being in a band means to them
CNN  -- Before there was the famous Red Bull , there was Krating Daeng , a sweet energy drink sold in Thailand and a few other countries . Its labels feature two red bulls charging one another . Chaleo Yoovidhya , who with an Austrian entrepreneur transformed his noncarbonated concoction into the global brand Red Bull , died of natural causes Saturday , according to MCOT , Thailand 's national news agency . Chaleo was in his 80s . The self-made business mogul was ranked 205th this year in Forbes ' list of billionaires , with a net worth estimated at $ 5 billion . That made him Thailand 's third wealthiest person . Chaleo also founded TC Pharmaceuticals . Chaleo and Dietrich Mateschitz adapted the formula to Western tastes in 1984 . Krating Daeng translates to Red Bull in English . They each owned 49 % of the privately held company , with Chaleo 's son holding the balance of 2 % . Mateschitz ran the company , according to MCOT . The battling bovines , the slogan "  Red Bull Gives You Wings " and the berry-flavored drink blended to become a worldwide commercial bonanza . Red Bull , headquartered in Austria , is available in 164 countries worldwide . The company also owns sports and racing teams . Much of Red Bull 's marketing and distribution success is due to Mateschitz , who became aware of "  tonic drinks " in the Far East . Krating Daeng became popular in Asia in the 1970s and 1980s , especially among truck drivers , construction workers and farmers , according to MCOT . On business trips , Mateschitz tried a drink sold in Thai pharmacies as a revitalizing agent . He noticed it put a dent in his jet lag . "  I realized that these little syrups developed in Japan did extremely well all over Asia , " Mateschitz told Forbes in 2005 . The Austrian , after studying the market , and Chaleo decided to co-found Red Bull , each investing $ 500,000 in their bid to reach the global market , according to Forbes . Since 1987 , an estimated 30 billion cans of Red Bull have been consumed , according to the company .	Chaleo Yoovidhya co-founded Red Bull , the energy drink company He and an Austrian entrepreneur started the brand in the mid-1980s Chaleo had created an early version of the drink in Thailand
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Interior Ministry backtracked Tuesday on its statement that Benazir Bhutto died because she hit her head on a sunroof latch during a shooting and bomb attack . The two suspects  circled  who the Pakistan government believe were involved in Bhutto 's assassination . The government also published a reward offer in several national newspapers to anyone who could identify two suspects from the killing . Interior Ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema told CNN the ministry will wait for the findings from forensic investigators before making a conclusion about her cause of death . Cheema said he based his statement Friday about the sunroof latch "  on the initial investigations and the reports by the medical doctors " who treated her at Rawalpindi General Hospital . "  I was just narrating the facts , you know , and nothing less nothing more , " Cheema said . "  There 's no intention to conceal anything from the people of Pakistan , " an Interior Ministry news release said . The reward offer , which appeared with photographs of the dead suspects , said that "  the person identifying these terrorists will be awarded a cash prize of 5 million rupees  about $ 81,400  and his identity will also be kept confidential " -- a total reward available of 10 million . "  The response from the public has been nil so far , " Punjab spokesman Ashfaq Gondal said Tuesday afternoon . Athar Minallah , a lawyer on the board that manages Rawalpindi General Hospital , told CNN Monday that doctors did not make the statements attributed to them by the government . The medical report -- obtained by CNN from Minallah -- made no mention of the sunroof latch and listed the cause of death as "  Open head injury with depressed skull fracture , leading to Cardiopulmonary arrest . " Read Bhutto 's full medical report Pakistan 's Interior Ministry said Thursday it was from a bullet or shrapnel wound , but then it announced a day later that Bhutto died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or the explosion and crashed her head into a sunroof latch . Bhutto 's family and political party maintain that the government is lying , and insist she died from gunshot wounds . Several videos show a gunman firing a pistol toward her just moments before a bomb detonated nearby as she left a rally . The U-turn on the sunroof claims will only heighten speculation as to the exact cause of Bhutto 's death . Minallah issued an open letter Monday and released the doctors ' clinical notes to distance them from the government statement . In the letter , Minallah said the doctors "  suggested to the officials to perform an autopsy , " but that Saud "  did not agree . " He noted that under the law , police investigators have "  exclusive responsibility " in deciding to have an autopsy . Minallah told CNN that he was speaking out because the doctors at the hospital were "  threatened . " "  They are government servants who can not speak ; I am not , " he said . He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors . He said the lack of an autopsy has created "  a perception that there is some kind of cover-up , though I might not believe in that theory . " "  There is a state within the state , and that state within the state does not want itself to be held accountable , " Minallah said . The three-page medical report , which was signed by seven doctors , described Bhutto 's head wound , but it did not conclude what caused it . It noted that X-ray images were made after she was declared dead . The wound was described as an irregular oval of about 5 centimeters by 3 centimeters above her right ear . "  Sharp bones edges were felt in the wound , " it read . "  No foreign body was felt in the wound . " Rawalpindi 's police chief was accused Monday of stopping doctors at the hospital where Bhutto died from conducting an autopsy . It was a violation of Pakistani criminal law and prevented a medical conclusion about what killed the former prime minister , said Minallah . However , the police chief involved , Aziz Saud , told CNN that he suggested an autopsy be done -- but that Bhutto 's husband objected . Cheema said the government had no objection to Bhutto 's body being exhumed for an autopsy if the family requested it . Her widower , Asif Ali Zardari , has said the family was against exhumation because it did not trust the government . Minallah said the family could not have prevented an autopsy at the hospital without getting an order from a judge . The revelations about the exact cause of Bhutto 's death came after new videotape of her assassination emerged , showing her slumping just after gunshots rang out . The tape provided the clearest view yet of the attack and appeared to show that Bhutto was shot . That would contradict the Pakistan government 's account . A previously released videotape showed a man at the right of her vehicle raising a gun , pointing it toward Bhutto , who was standing in her car with her upper body through the sunroof . He fired three shots , then there was an explosion . In the video that emerged on Sunday , Bhutto was standing , and her hair and scarf appeared to move , perhaps from the bullet . Bhutto fell into the car , then came the blast . Watch new tape showing apparent gunman " These images seem to support the theory that Bhutto died at the hands of a shooter before a bomb was detonated , killing another 23 people . Bhutto 's husband , in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Monday , called for an international investigation into his wife 's death , saying the new video proves the Pakistani government "  has been trying to muddy the water from the first day . " See the likely sequence of events " "  Everything is now very clear that she was shot , " Asif Ali Zardari said . Zardari also called on the U.S. government to push for an international probe . "  I want them to help me find out who killed my wife , the mother of my children , " he said of the Bush administration . The reward offer announced : "  The public is hereby informed that the two individuals in the above photograph are the accused terrorists involved in the Liaqat Bagh , Rawalpindi Terror Attack , which resulted in the death of the Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto and others . " ` Mohtarma ' is a title of respect in the Urdu language . "  The person identifying these terrorists will be awarded a cash prize of 5 million rupees  about $ 81,400  and his identity will also be kept confidential , " said Punjab Chief Minister Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi -- a total reward available of 10 million . "  The response from the public has been nil so far , " Punjab spokesman Ashfaq Gondal said Tuesday afternoon . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	NEW : Ministry backtracks on claim Bhutto died because of sunroof latch Reward offered for ID of two suspects believed involved in assassination Doctors claim Pakistani police prevented an autopsy on Benazir Bhutto Lawyer Athar Minallah said the move violated Pakistani criminal law
CNN  -- The creators of the Swiss Army Knife are expanding into more "  ca n't leave home without it " products . This time , the company behind the much-loved pen-knife is turning its design skills to socks . Victorinox is expanding into new areas as it seeks to combat the pressures of Switzerland 's strong currency . Alongside socks , time pieces and fragrances are on offer . While the products may seem diverse , there are commonalities , Victorinox chief executive Carl Elsener told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  They are a companion for our customers , and they all are inspired by the values , and the heritage , of this little red knife . And these values are high quality , functionality , innovation and iconic design , " he said . Elsener said the strength of Switzerland 's currency , the franc , had eaten into margins , forcing the company to be "  more innovative than our competitors in the rest of the world . " Last year Switzerland 's central bank pegged the franc to the euro in attempt to stabilize the currency . The Swiss National Bank 's move meant the franc would not drop below 1.20 to the euro . Elsener said this tactic extinguished the fear among Swiss companies that the franc would go to parity with the euro . He said "  This was a big relief for most Swiss companies who depend on exportation . " The Victorinox dynasty was founded in 1884 by Karl Elsener Sn . and the company -- famed for its cross in a shield emblem -- has been handed down through generations . Elsener said corporate sustainability rather than quarterly results were of paramount importance to the group . He said : "  Our family has always really considered the company not just our own , but as something that has been entrusted to us . "  The goal of the foundation is to try to keep Victorinox , in the long term , financially independent , and to make sure that during an inheritance the company is not financially weakened , " he added . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	The makers of the Swiss Army Knife , Victorinox , are expanding into more "  ca n't leave home without it " products A strong Swiss franc has forced the penknife maker to innovate and produce a range of consumer goods The company is now selling socks , time pieces and fragrances
CNN  -- Crews battling the Arizona wildfire that killed 19 firefighters made significant progress Thursday , moving within sight of fully corralling the blaze , authorities announced . Despite still gusty winds and temperatures in the 90s , the Yarnell Hill Fire near Prescott was 80 % contained as of Thursday evening , according to Inciweb , a federal website that disseminates information from agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . That 's a significant upgrade from earlier in the day , when it was 45 % contained . "  Praise the Lord ! " wrote one person on an official Facebook page dedicated to the fire . The Yavapai County Sheriff 's Department has lifted an evacuation order for residents of Peeples Valley , according to Inciweb . Those in the community of Yarnell , which is about 75 miles northwest of Phoenix , still face a mandatory evacuation order . On average , workers are putting in 13 - or 14-hour shifts but are able to sleep , shower and eat when they need to , U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Suzanne Flory had said . "  We 're very safety conscious and we 're very careful about not overstressing or overworking anybody and making sure they get that rest that they need . " There are four helicopters battling the blaze , she told reporters . Temperatures reached into the 90s on Thursday , with winds gusting in excess of 20 mph . It should get a little cooler in the coming days , with the thermostat peaking in the 80s and winds expected to be a little calmer . There 's also a chance of showers and thunderstorms for the coming week , at least . Rain would be welcome in many ways , though thunderstorms also bring the possibility of lightning that could spark more fires . And wet conditions could also hamper efforts because people could get stuck in mud , explained National Weather Service meteorologist Jim Wallman . The fallen firefighters : Who they where The Maricopa County medical examiner 's office performed autopsies and said Thursday that the causes of death for all 19 were "  fire-related injuries . " The manners of death were described for each as an "  accident . " Plans to remember the 19 firefighters include a memorial service scheduled for Tuesday . Vice President Joe Biden will attend the service in Arizona , a senior administration official told CNN on Friday . On Wednesday nearly 600 firefighters and support workers assigned to the fire took a brief break from their hard work to observe a moment of silence in honor of the 19 members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots , who died Sunday when the fire took a sudden , unexpected turn . Lookout warned team before fire killed 19 The pause coincided with the movement of a convoy of vehicles driven to the fire by the Granite Mountain team . The vehicles are being returned to Prescott , where they were based . To start Wednesday 's moment of silence , a loud alert tone sounded on firefighters ' radios and an unidentified fire team commander announced , "  As the crew carriers for the Granite Mountain hot shots leaves the Yarnell Hills fire and begin their journey home , all personnel in the incident will observe an operational pause , in observance of our fallen comrades . " How to help the families The first official service to remember the lost firefighters will be held Tuesday in Prescott Valley . A ceremony is expected to begin at 11 a.m. local time at Tim 's Toyota Center , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . The bodies are being guarded by members of the Phoenix Fire Honor Guard at the medical examiner 's office in downtown Phoenix , the affiliate reported Thursday . Remembering those who were killed Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate CNN 's Jackie Castillo and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President Joe Biden to attend memorial service Tuesday , senior administration official says The medical examiner 's office issues causes and manners of death Workers were putting in 13 - or 14-hour shifts to fight the Yarnell Hill fire The temperature should cool , and winds should calm somewhat this week
If you 're using a fake name on your Facebook account , maintaining a personal profile for your beloved pet or have a second profile you use just for logging in to other sites , you have one of the 83.09 million fake accounts Facebook wants to disable . In an updated regulatory filing released Wednesday , the social media company said that 8.7 percent of its 955 million monthly active users worldwide are actually duplicate or false accounts . "  On Facebook we have a really large commitment in general to finding and disabling false accounts , " Facebook 's chief security officer Joe Sullivan told CNN in a recent interview . "  Our entire platform is based on people using their real identities . " Facebook inspires status envy So what are those 83 million undesired accounts doing ? They 're a mixture of innocent and malicious , and Facebook has divvied them up into three categories : duplicate accounts , misclassified accounts and "  undesirable " accounts . Duplicate accounts make up 4.8 %  45.8 million  of Facebook 's total active member tally . According to the network 's terms of service , users are not allowed to have more than one Facebook personal account or make accounts on behalf of other people . Parents creating Facebook accounts for their young kids are violating two rules , since people under 13 are not allowed to have Facebook profiles . Misclassified accounts are personal profiles that have been made for companies , groups or pets . Those types of profiles  22.9 million  are allowed on Facebook , but they need to be created as Pages . Facebook estimates that 2.4 % of its active accounts are these non-human personal accounts . These accounts can be converted into approved pages without losing information . Pets such as Boo , the self-anointed "  world 's cutest dog , " are typically classified as Public Figures . The third group is the smallest -- just 1.5 % of all active accounts -- but most troublesome . There are 14.3 million undesirable accounts that Facebook believes have been created specifically for purposes that violate the companies terms , like spamming . Face it , Facebook : Sometimes you suck "  We believe the percentage of accounts that are duplicate or false is meaningfully lower in developed markets such as the United States or Australia and higher in developing markets such as Indonesia and Turkey , " the company said in the filing . The tallies were based on an internal sampling of accounts done by reviewers , and Facebook says the numbers may represent the actual number . Facebook disables any false accounts it finds , and while it wipes all the information associated with the name from public view , it does n't delete the account from its servers "  for safety and security " reasons . The disabled account goes into a sort of Facebook limbo , where the owner of the account ca n't get their hands on any of the content -- photos , posts , videos -- not even by requesting a copy of the data , according to Facebook . If Facebook does shut down your account , it says you ca n't create a new one without permission from the company . Complete coverage : Facebook	Fake and duplicate profiles and spam accounts make up 8.7 % of Facebook active pages Facebook is always looking for and disabling these types of accounts Some 14.3 million undesirable accounts have been created for purposes like spamming
CNN  -- The rebellion by paramilitary Bangladesh Rifles troops apparently ended Thursday after they handed over their weapons inside their headquarters in the capital city 's Pilkhana district , the national press agency quoted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as saying in a nationwide televised address . However , the fate of top military officers who were taken hostage Wednesday was unclear , according to the news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha , or BSS , on its Web site . Home Minister Sahara Khatun "  oversaw a rescue campaign along with a government delegation in search of bodies of officers , BDR soldiers , their family members and relatives , " the agency said . The Bangladesh Rifles is also known as the BDR . Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday . Earlier Thursday , the country 's home minister , Sahara Khatun , said mutinous paramilitary troops were close to laying down their arms and many had returned to their barracks . "  They have raised white flags and the situation is in its last stages , " added a government official who did not want to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  The army presence is a means to secure the area and there is nothing to be worried about . " Still , for a jittery city , the heavy military presence near the gates of the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  headquarters in the Pilkhana area raised fears of a potentially deadly confrontation . "  This can not be good , " said Palash Chowdhury , who was watching the drama unfold from his uncle 's house a few blocks away . "  This can not be good . " Meanwhile , police in about six other towns reported shooting incidents involving Rifles troops , another government official confirmed to CNN . The incidents do not appear to have resulted in casualties , but had raised fears that the mutiny would spread outside the capital . Bangladesh Police spokesman Kamrul Ahsan disputed the reports to CNN . But concerned residents were not so readily appeased . "  Yesterday , people thought this was an internal BDR grievance and it would be worked out , " said Rashid Zaman , a Dhaka resident . "  Now , we see the scope is much broader , that it 's getting serious . There 's an uncertainty . No one knows which way things will turn . " Watch a witness describe seeing and hearing the gunbattle " Shops and offices in the capital sent workers home . Adding to the city 's paranoia : Dhaka residents suddenly found themselves unable to make or receive calls from elsewhere in the country . "  Many people are finding this troubling , " said Zahid Hussain , a former journalist who is now part of a U.S.-funded effort to create an investigative journalism center in the country . "  Whenever the army has gone into action in the past , they cut off the mobile connection so nobody can pass information . " The standoff at the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters began Wednesday morning after a gun battle . At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead in the gunfire , the country 's law minister said . Watch how paramilitary revolt has spread " As dawn broke Thursday , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles allowed government officials entry into the headquarters . They went door-to-door at officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out . CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number would come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies . At least six bodies were recovered from rivers and drainage ditches Thursday , bringing the total to eight . Many of them had on military uniforms , government officials said . Authorities say the men had been killed and their bodies dumped in sewers . They were recovered after they floated for miles down rivers . The Bangladesh Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , numbering more than 65,000 , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . At least 5,000 BDR personnel were inside the compound when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry . The rebelling troops were low-ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said . "  They have several demands , " Haider said . "  They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . " The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army-backed rule . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	NEW : Mutineers hand over arms at headquarters , prime minister is quoted as saying Nearly 50 people killed in Bangladesh Rifles headquarters , minister says CNN not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count Anxiety grew as residents of Dhaka , the capital , lost phone service
A small group of masked protesters stormed Hong Kong 's government headquarters in the early hours of Wednesday , using metal barricades and hurling concrete slabs to smash through a glass door . Other protesters charged police lines , leading to police to respond with pepper spray and batons . In a statement , the government denounced the acts of the protesters , referring to them repeatedly as "  violent radicals . " It said six people were arrested , and vowed "  further arrests would be made . " The break-in was an uncharacteristically aggressive action by protesters in a movement that has frequently been praised for its politeness . In the previous seven weeks of demonstrations , not a single window of any building had been broken . Pro-democracy legislator Fernando Cheung , who tried to physically stop the protesters , said it was a "  major setback for the movement . " "  I threw myself in front of them , I told them this would only hurt the movement , that this whole campaign is about demanding genuine democracy which has nothing to do with breaking into Legislative Council , " he told CNN . "  I understand they wanted to scale up the action , but they did n't understand that that would only destroy the campaign . " Occupy Central for Love and Peace , the group that originated the idea for occupying downtown Hong Kong , now nicknamed the "  Umbrella Movement " said it "  strongly condemned " the attack on the complex . "  We urge participants of the Umbrella Movement to remember our original intention , to persist in non-violent resistance , " it said in an emailed statement . Student leaders , who did n't take part in the incident , blamed poor communication between protesters . "  The act last night did n't coordinate well ... even the occupiers disagree with the act , " Hong Kong Federation of Students leader Alex Chow told CNN . Some members of Hong Kong 's popular online forums , frustrated by the protracted stalemate , put out calls for protesters to storm the government building late Tuesday night . The incident came after a section of the main protest site was cleared Tuesday morning following a court injunction that allowed bailiffs to remove barricades outside one office tower . Hong Kong 's Legislative Council said it would reschedule its meetings and canceled public tours for the day . READ MORE : Who 's who in the protests ?	Hong Kong government condemns "  violent acts by radical protesters " Protesters smash through a glass door in the Legislative Council complex Hong Kong police arrested six for criminal damage and assaulting a police officer Pro-democracy legislator calls it a "  major setback for the movement "
CNN  -- Eight months after being shot in the head outside an Arizona supermarket , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is considering doing her first post-tragedy TV news interview this fall on ABC , her spokesman said Monday . The program is scheduled to air November 14 , the network said in a news release . That will be a day before the anticipated release of the couple 's joint memoir , co-written by Wall Street Journal columnist Jeffrey Zaslow and titled "  Gabby : A Story of Courage and Hope . " Giffords ' spokesman , Mark Kimble , said Monday that the Arizona Democrat "  has not yet decided whether she will participate in an on-camera interview . " "  She will make that decision based on her progress , " Kimble said . Her husband , Mark Kelly , "  will do an on-camera interview with Diane Sawyer , " the spokesman added . ABC , in announcing the special program , said Giffords and Kelly "  will share their remarkable story for the first time since the tragic shootings . " Giffords was among 13 people wounded , in addition to six killed , in a shooting rampage on January 8 in a Safeway parking lot in her hometown , Tucson , Arizona . The congresswoman was gravely wounded that day , but made what doctors have called a miraculous recovery after intense rehabilitation in Tucson and Houston , Texas . In early August , Giffords received a standing ovation when she returned to the House floor for a critical vote on raising the nation 's the debt ceiling . But except for a few statements from her office , she has remained out of the spotlight and has not spoken to the media since the shooting . Meanwhile , the man accused of trying to kill her , Jared Lee Loughner , is in custody and undergoing mental health treatment . Authorities will determine whether he is competent to stand trial . Giffords ' husband , Kelly , was a combat pilot before joining NASA and becoming an astronaut . He commanded the final flight of the Space Shuttle Endeavour this spring , then announced his retirement from the space program and the U.S. Navy in part so he could spend more time with his wife .	NEW : Giffords will decide on a TV interview "  based on her progress , " her spokesman says NEW : Her husband , astronaut Mark Kelly , will be on camera with Diane Sawyer , he adds The show will air November 14 , one day before the couple releases their joint memoir Giffords has made an incredible recovery since being shot in the head in January
CNN  -- From Pac-Man to "  Pretty in Pink , " Dungeons and Dragons to Devo , Rush to "  School House Rock " : If this pop culture laundry list brings back fond memories , then do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of Ernest Cline 's new novel , "  Ready Player One . " Packed with '80s nostalgia , it is part intergalactic scavenger hunt , part romance and all heart , a love-letter to growing up geek . Described as "  Willy Wonka meets the Matrix " the book takes place in a dystopian future . The year is 2044 and the real world is an ugly place . People escape their grim surroundings by accessing the OASIS , kind of like the Internet on steroids . Hidden somewhere deep inside this virtual utopia is the ultimate golden ticket , the key to unlimited fortune and power , but to find it , players will have to unlock an increasingly difficult series of pop culture puzzles . It 's an addictive read . The book has become a best-seller and a movie is in the works . "  Ready Player One " came naturally to author Cline . He 's a self-described geek , a fan of video games , manga and Monty Python . He wrote the 2009 cult classic movie "  Fan Boys , " an ode to obsessed "  Star Wars " fans . How serious is Cline 's geek cred ? He has spent the last few weeks driving cross-country to promote his book in a souped-up DeLorean . Cline 's tricked out car incorporates elements from his favorite movie vehicles , including "  Back to the Future , " "  Knight Rider , " "  Buckaroo Banzai " and "  Ghostbusters . " He 's even got an "  ECTO 88 " personalized license plate . CNN spoke to Cline recently about his debut novel . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark that led you to write "  Ready Player One " ? Cline : The initial idea for the story came to me way back in the summer of 2001 . I was working a technical support job at the time , helping people use computers and the Internet , and so I spent a lot of time thinking about the future of the Internet . I believed it might evolve into a sprawling virtual universe , sort of a cross between World of Warcraft and Facebook . When I start imagining what sort of person would create such a virtual world , I pictured a Willy Wonka-esque video game designer holding a grand video game contest inside his virtual world , and the rest of the story grew out of that first idea . CNN : What was your introduction to geek culture growing up ? Cline : That 's hard to say . I feel like I was hit by all of geek culture at once while I was growing up in the '70s and '80s . Saturday morning cartoons like "  Star Blazers " and "  Robotech . " Live action Japanese shows like "  Ultraman " and "  The Space Giants . " I spent most of my childhood welded to my Atari 2600 , until I got my first computer , a TRS-80 . I grew up immersing myself in all of these things , and they informed my whole adolescence . CNN : You demonstrate an encyclopedia-like knowledge of '80s pop culture . It seems like a lifetime of research went into your novel . Cline : It did , in a way , because I was writing about everything I love . It took me a long time to write this novel , and I maintained my interest in the project by filling the story with things I 'm passionate about . I was also being lazy , in a way , since I did n't have to do a lot of new research . Now , all of the geeking out I 've been doing my entire life can retroactively be classified as "  research " for my novel . CNN : Tell me about "  Ready Player One " the movie . I hear you 're writing the screenplay ? Cline : Yes , I wrote the first draft of the screenplay adaptation earlier this year , and that 's what Warner Bros. is using to find the right director . They 're very excited about the reception the book is receiving , so the movie could go into production as early as next year . Fingers crossed . CNN : You also wrote the movie "  Fanboys . " How did that experience compare to writing your first novel ? Cline : It was a lot more frustrating , because I had to give up control of the story to get the movie made , and so the end product did n't turn out exactly the way I 'd hoped . That experience actually motivated me to finish "  Ready Player One , " because I wanted to see what would happen if I was able to have total control of my story , with no filters between me and the audience . CNN : Tell me about your "  Ecto 88 " DeLorean . I understand you 're wrapping up a cross-country road trip ? Cline : Well , I 've wanted to own a DeLorean since I was 10 years old , but it always seemed like a silly daydream . Like owning the "  A-Team " van or something . But once I sold my novel , it occurred to me that I could finally buy a DeLorean and us it to promote the book , since the protagonist drives one in the story . I could pose with the car in my author photo , then drive it across the country on my book tour , thus making it a business expense ! It 's one of the best ideas I 've ever had . When I bought the car , I knew I wanted to trick it out like the DeLorean in the book , which combines elements from Doc Brown 's Time Machine , KITT from "  Knight Rider , " the "  Ghostbusters " Ecto-1 , and "  Buckaroo Banzai 's " Jet Car . So I went on the Internet and found a Flux Capacitor , an Oscillation Overthruster , and a wide array of Ghostbusting equipment , including a screen-accurate Proton Pack  which rides shotgun  . Then I installed a blue KITT scanner on the front of the car and got some personalized ECTO88 license plates . Then I took my time traveling , Knight Riding , Ghostbusting Jet Car out on the road . It was a big hit at every bookstore I stopped at on my tour . Get a guided tour of Cline 's tricked out 1982 DeLorean . CNN : It seems like recently geek culture has gone mainstream . Would you agree ? Does that change anything about being a geek ? Cline : I have no choice but to agree . I wrote the geekiest novel in history and it 's now been on The New York Times best-seller list for several weeks . From my perspective , it definitely seems that the geeks have inherited the Earth . It 's changed my whole life . CNN : What are you geeking out to now ? Cline : Neal Stephenson 's new novel , "  Reamde . " I managed to snag an advance copy and I ca n't put it down . Mr. Stephenson is one of my favorite writers . CNN : What 's next for you ? Cline : Well , I 've started working on an outline for a possible sequel to "  Ready Player One . " But at the moment , I 'm working on a geeky coming-of-age movie set in the late '80s . Sort of my version of "  Dazed and Confused , " but instead of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , my characters are steeped in Dungeons and Dragons , arcade games and comic books . It 's going to be the nerdiest coming-of-age movie ever made . Read an excerpt from "  Ready Player One . "	Ernest Cline 's novel is described as "  Willy Wonka meets the Matrix " A love letter to growing up geek , it combines an intergalactic scavenger hunt and romance Cline also wrote "  Fan Boys " movie , an ode to "  Star Wars " fans
CNN  -- The racing sanctioning body IndyCar held a public memorial service , punctuated by laughter and tears , Sunday to celebrate the life of two-time Indianapolis 500 champ Dan Wheldon . Those at the memorial , held at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis , recalled Wheldon not only as a successful driver , but remembered his winning charm , his sense of humor , and his devotion to his family and his fans . Wheldon , 33 , was near the back of a 34-car field at the Las Vegas Indy 300 on October 16 when he got mixed up in a crash that saw several cars spin out of control and burst into flames , spewing smoke and debris . He died of head injuries . "  The victories and the accolades , they did n't define him , " said IndyCar CEO Randy Bernard . "  His strong character , his enthusiastic approach to life , and the love of family , friends and fans did . "  There was a reason he was a fan favorite , " Bernard said . "  I 'd see him go out of his way to shake a serviceman 's hand , or sign a young man 's autograph , or do that extra interview , or just joke around with the drivers . Dan loved life and it always showed . " Featured on stage beside the speakers Sunday was a car Bernard said Wheldon had been testing . It had "  cutting-edge enhancements that promised to move the sport of racing and automotive engineering forward . " It also had additional safety features , testament to Wheldon 's commitment to improving the sport and increasing safety for drivers , he said . "  He would want the drivers and the teams and the series to unite and to work together , " Bernard said . "  He 'd want us to strive to make our sport safer . " The memorial featured music from country artists Reba McEntire and The Band Perry . Wheldon 's family was in attendance . "  It was a privilege for us to witness a young , carefree racer blossom into a true champion and a devoted family man , " said one of Wheldon 's managers , Mickey Ryan . He recalled Wheldon partying all night after his first Indianapolis 500 win in 2005 , then falling asleep while on hold waiting for an early morning radio interview . After his second win in 2011 , he pledged to take his children to a Disney park , and dedicated the win to his mother , who was battling Alzheimer 's disease , Ryan and manager Adrian Sussman said . The two issued a message of gratitude from Wheldon 's family . "  They 'd like you to know how much they appreciate the amazing outpouring of sympathy , flowers , gifts and notes of condolences , " Sussman said . "  It 's been a great comfort for them to know that there are so many others that share in their grief . " Despite the somber event , speakers recalled many humorous moments , recalling Wheldon 's penchant for practical jokes , his compulsive neatness and his liking for tight racing suits . Drivers Brian Herta , Tony Kanaan and Dario Franchitti -- Wheldon 's former teammates -- recalled messing Wheldon 's locker up on purpose once and then waiting for him before a run , as he could not come out and drive unless the locker was straightened . "  He made us look like pigs , " Herta said . They also recalled entering Wheldon 's hotel room in Japan once , stealing one of each of his shoes and sending them back to America , along with taking his television and some of his hair products . Herta said he was not saying goodbye to Wheldon . "  Goodbye is final , " he said . "  Our friendship wo n't end . " On Saturday , hundreds gathered in St. Petersburg , Florida , for Wheldon 's funeral . Born in Emberton , England , Wheldon had settled in the west Florida city with his wife and two young sons . Susie Wheldon spoke to her late husband through a letter read aloud by family friend Michael Johnson at the First Presbyterian Church . Audio from that message , and other parts of Saturday 's otherwise private ceremony , were recorded and released by CNN affiliate WTSP . "  I am so scared . Scared I 'm going to forget things as time goes by : the way you smell , the sound of your voice , the touch of your hand , " she wrote . Country singer Wynonna Judd -- whose half-sister , actress Ashley Judd , is married to Franchitti , one of Wheldon 's pallbearers -- sang at the funeral . Besides those inside , dozens of people stood nearby the church to pay their respects . NASCAR said it will provide teams at the Talladega Superspeedway this weekend with a decal in honor of Wheldon . The decal features an image of a knight and the word "  Lionheart . " Wheldon likened himself to Richard the Lionheart , the 12th-century British warrior king , and often wore the image on the back of his helmets . "  When I first started racing , a lot of the guys said that I raced with a lot of heart , occasionally not my head , but always with a lot of heart , like the way that Richard the Lionheart fought in battle , " Wheldon wrote on a sponsor 's blog in 2010 . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : The memorial is by turns emotional and humorous NEW : Dan Wheldon 's teammates recall practical jokes NEW : He is remembered as a devoted family man The two-time Indy 500 winner died October 16 after a crash in Las Vegas
According to court documents that surfaced this week , General Motors ' engineers knew about ignition-switch problems in the Chevrolet Cobalt as early as 2009 . The company may have been aware of the dangers as early as 2005 soon after the first Cobalts rolled off the assembly line in 2004 . Since 2009 , at least a dozen deaths have resulted from the flaw in which , upon impact , the ignition switch slips out of the "  on " position and thus prevented airbags from deploying . Last month , GM announced the recall of 1.6 million Cobalts . In a June 2013 deposition , Gary Altman , program engineering manager for the 2005 Cobalt , was asked whether GM made a business decision not to address the problem . "  That is what happened , yes , " said Altman . This news comes just a week after Toyota Motor Corporation announced it would pay $ 1.2 billion to settle pending criminal charges from the Department of Justice alleging Toyota covered up evidence of safety defects in its vehicles . "  The private sector is more efficient , " says Sen. Rand Paul and his fellow conservatives . Really ? Efficient at what , exactly -- fraud , deception and disaster ? Many of the public policy disagreements between conservatives and progressives are at essence a debate over whether government or the private sector is best equipped to provide vital services . Conservatives argue that government can be bloated and inefficient , which is certainly true sometimes , but attributing those characteristics to all government is like accusing every small businessperson of being Bernie Madoff . At its heart , whatever the occasional shortcomings , government exists solely for the purpose of advancing the public good . That 's the mission . That 's the entire design of the enterprise . Corruption , waste and falling short on delivery are inherently anathema to the core principles and existence of government . On the other hand , the point of the private sector is to make money . That 's a good thing . Private enterprise is a vital engine of economic growth and opportunity in America and worldwide . That said -- if your primary goal is to make money , then hiding inconvenient facts , deceiving customers , cutting corners or sweeping risks under the rug are endemic to your enterprise . In an era of capitalism where businesses are increasingly massive and removed from the direct consequences of their business practices on employees , customers and communities , these profit-at-all-cost impulses are increasingly unbound . That 's how you end up with companies knowing that its products are killing or hurting people and yet still refusing to do something about it lest it hurt their bottom line . Today we 're talking about the Chevy Cobalt , but before that it was securitized sub-prime mortgages and before that it was tobacco companies selling cigarettes to kids . The list goes on and on and on . And this week , we have the Supreme Court hearing arguments in the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood cases that private businesses should be able to claim religion in order to evade tenets of the law . The litigants want to evade compliance with the Obamacare mandate that they provide health insurance that covers contraception . But , as Justice Elena Kagan asked during oral arguments , what 's to stop a company from using religion to object to vaccinations ? Or blood transfusions ? Or minimum wage laws or family medical leave or child labor laws ? We 've already ushered in unprecedented corporate rights through Citizens United and various doctrines of corporate personhood . Do we really need to go a step further and let corporations use religion as a loophole to rationalize their whims ? More importantly , in spite of example after example to the contrary , why do we trust corporations to tell us the truth and do the right thing when they are not only designed but incentivized to do the opposite ? Why on earth would we trust oil companies to tell us that fracking poses no harm to our drinking water ? Or that our old health insurance policies are good ones ? Or that our education system would be better off in their hands ? It seems that almost every day there 's yet another corporation covering up how it endangered people 's safety and well-being for the sake of profit . This is why we need to strengthen checks and balances of government regulation and be wary of privatizing vital public services .	General Motors may have known about problems with Chevrolet Cobalt back in 2005 Sally Kohn : GM recall and recent Toyota settlement shows companies can not be trusted She says conservatives say private sector is efficient , but it 's also about fraud and deaths Kohn : Despite occasional shortcomings , government exists to advance public good
CNN  -- "  I hope you have n't made a mistake , " Pope Francis told the cardinals at his celebratory dinner after he was chosen to lead the Catholic Church . He then urged the assembled hierarchy to nourish their bodies , and said with a grin , "  May God forgive you for what you 've done . " It brought down the house . Pope Francis has already brought surprising changes . He broke with tradition by asking the crowd in St. Peter 's Square to pray for him , and then bowed to receive it . This struck at least one young Catholic male , interviewed for the TV cameras , as "  the most humble thing I 've ever seen a pope do . " Pope Francis refused to mount the platform previous popes stood on to receive the cardinals , one by one . "  I 'll stay down here , " he told Vatican staff . He shocked many cardinals by choosing the name "  Francis , " after St. Francis of Assisi , a young man born to wealth , but who lived his life in rags , sitting with lepers and the poor outside the Sistine Chapel . Saint Francis is the patron saint of animals as well as the poor . He is often depicted in art with birds on his shoulder or held in his hands . Some saw it as a sign when a seagull landed on top of the chimney that vents the smoke from burning ballots . What the press began to call "  The Holy See Gull " sat for 40 minutes on the tin top over the smokestack . It then flew off , but shortly a gull landed again in the same place . The next smoke was white , for Pope Francis . Opinion : Pope Francis is no herald of big changes Judging from the cardinals I saw interviewed , the new pope is widely considered to be a centrist . He is socially conservative , opposing same-gender marriage , free condoms and abortion , yet he is also known for his care for AIDS patients , washing and kissing their feet , and for baptizing the babies of unwed mothers who other clerics had turned down . He brings a number of "  firsts . " He is the first modern non-European pope . He is the first pope from Latin America  his father was an Italian immigrant  a continent that has 39 % of the world 's Catholics . He is the first pope who is a Jesuit , a Catholic order that focuses on teaching youth and social justice . But while reporters focus on these firsts , there are other reasons that help explain why the cardinals , in Pope Francis ' words , went "  to the end of the Earth " to find the man to lead the Catholic world , with its 1.2 billion members . Opinion : Pope Francis , open up the church Four reasons repeatedly came up in interviews with Catholic clerics : They felt it was time to shift the church 's geographic center , they like his pastoral centrism , they believe emphasis on ministering to the poor has been missing and they hold a strong conviction that Pope Francis is the man to reform and rebuild a church that has been beset by scandals . That phrase , "  rebuilding the church " was mentioned by him , according to reports of the pope 's first homily . The phrase also comes from the story of St. Francis , who began his ministry by hearing a call to "  rebuild my church . " Pope Francis put his emphasis on the spirituality of the church as being first , lest the church be seen as little more than "  a compassionate NGO "  non-governmental organization  . Navarrette : Pope pick a signal to Latino Catholics As a practicing Catholic , my personal , fervent hope is that Pope Francis will revive an interest and compassion for the poor . "  We live in the most unequal part of the world , which has grown the most yet reduced misery the least , " Pope Francis said in 2007 . "  The unjust distribution of goods persists , " he said , "  creating a situation of social sin that cries out to heaven and limits the possibilities of a fuller life for so many of our brothers . " There are indications some cardinals hope this pope will be Christian-friendly to Islam and the developing world . Cardinal Angelo Scola , the archbishop of Milan , heads a foundation to promote Muslim-Christian understanding , and looks after Afghanistan 's only Catholic Church as if it were in his diocese . Slamet Effendy Yusuf , a Muslim and head of the Indonesian Ulema Council , told the Christian Science Monitor , "  We believe this is a new chapter in the history of relations between Muslims and Catholics . " I noticed that many cardinals remarked with wonder over the news that Pope Francis , while he was in Buenos Aires , lived in an austere apartment , cooked his own food and took the trolley and subway by himself . That this is a matter of wonder to some who live in stone mansions and have chauffeured cars and chefs is a strong indication change has already arrived $ " brought by example . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Pope Francis has already shown humility since being named She says he can be seen as centrist : socially conservative , but champion for poor , afflicted She says among reasons he was chosen was belief he can reform church after scandals Brazile hopes he 'll focus on inequality , set example of compassion
WIRED  -- From the results of the Pwn2Own hacking competition , it looks like Android and Windows Phone 7 are tough nuts to crack . It took only two days for hackers to crack into the Apple and Blackberry operating systems during the three-day Pwn2Own tournament last week , while Android and Windows Phone 7 models were abandoned and left unhacked by the end of the contest . Is this because their operating systems are more secure ? Yes and no . "  The survival of a target at Pwn2Own does not automatically declare it safer than a target that went down , " last year 's Internet Explorer Pwn2Own winner Peter Vreugdenhil cautions . The contestants who were lined up to beat the Android and WP7 devices in the competition withdrew for a variety of reasons . Pwn2Own , now in its fifth year , is a hacking competition divided into two areas : web browsers and mobile phones . This year , Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 , Apple Safari 5.0.3 , Mozilla Firefox , and Google Chrome were the web-browser targets . In the mobile phone category , the Dell Venue Pro  Windows Phone 7  , Apple iPhone 4  iOS  , BlackBerry Torch 9800  Blackberry 6  and Nexus S  Android  were targeted . The OS and browser versions were frozen last week  so for example , Apple 's Safari 5.0.4 update was not used  , ensuring that all contestants are working on the same version of each OS . Pwning and owning occurs if the hacker defeats the frozen version . If the exploit they used still exists in the current firmware , they are also eligible to receive a monetary prize . The 2011 Pwn2Own competition ran March 9 to 11 . Vreugdenhil says many different factors determine how hard a target is to hack . There 's the safety of the software itself , the exploit mitigations that are already in place for that software , and then the amount of research that has already been conducted  which can speed up the process of writing an actual exploit  . Firefox and Chrome web browsers were also left undefeated because contestants withdrew from Pwn2Own . "  Chrome has the advantages of having multiple exploit-mitigation techniques that certainly make it more difficult to hack . As for Android , we see no particular reason why Android would be harder to hack than one of the other targets . " Safari , Chrome , iPhone , Android and Blackberry all use WebKit in their browsers , which means that they are all susceptible to exploitation through the browser -- and that 's exactly how the iPhone and Blackberry were attacked . Charlie Miller , a Pwn2Own veteran , worked with Dion Blazakis to hack the iPhone 4 in this year 's competition using a flaw in its Mobile Safari Web browser and a "  specially-crafted webpage . " A team of 3  Vincenzo Iozzo , Willem Pinckaers , and Ralf Philipp Weinmenn  defeated the BlackBerry Torch using a similar technique . So what did the contest 's organizers think of the outcome of 2011 's Pwn2Own ? Vreugdenhil and other organizers were not surprised that the iPhone went down quickly . It has been a major target and a lot of research has already been done on that platform . Android 's survival was a bit of a surprise , since it is also a big target and had four contestants lined up . Although no device is unhackable , some factors contribute to a safer product . For those that are out to find the safest phone on the market , Vreugdenhil says you 'll want to compare features such as DEP  Data Execution Prevention  , ASLR  address space layout randomization  , Sandboxing , code signing and the ease with which software can be updated on the device . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	At Pwn2Own hacking competition , Android and Windows Phone 7 tough nuts to crack Took only two days for hackers to crack into the Apple and Blackberry operating systems "  Survival of a target at Pwn2Own does not automatically declare it safer , " winner cautions
CNN  -- Singer Amy Winehouse , infamous for erratic public behavior , arrests and drug problems , was found dead at her apartment in London Saturday , police and her publicist confirmed . She was 27 . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks following a disastrous performance where she was booed off a Belgrade , Serbia , stage by disappointed fans . Winehouse died at the same age as four other music legends . Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison each died of drug overdoses when they were 27 . Kurt Cobain was 27 when he committed suicide , soon after his release from rehab . London Police Superintendent Raj Kohli said at this "  early stage " of the investigation the death remained "  unexplained . " "  I am aware of reports suggesting this death is the result of a suspected drugs overdose , but I would like to re-emphasise that no post-mortem examination has yet taken place and it would be inappropriate to speculate on the cause of death , " Kohli said . Police were called to her Camden Square apartment just after 4 p.m. Saturday in response to report of "  a woman found deceased , " he said . "  On arrival officers found the body of a 27-year-old female who was pronounced dead at the scene , " he said . She was later identified as Winehouse . Winehouse spokesman Chris Goodman confirmed her death for CNN Saturday . "  Everyone who is involved with Amy is shocked and devastated , " Goodman said . "  Our thoughts are with her family and friends . The family will issue a statement when ready . " The "  Rehab " singer had a history of battling drugs and alcohol and recently left a British rehab program that a representative said was intended to prepare her for scheduled European concerts . But she cut short the European concert tour last month following a concert in Belgrade , where she staggered around the stage and stumbled through several songs . Audience members booed Winehouse off the stage that night just a few songs into the concert , the first of the tour . Winehouse spokeswoman Tracey Miller told CNN at the time that the singer "  agreed with management that she can not perform to the best of her ability and will return home . " "  Everyone involved wishes to do everything they can to help her return to her best and she will be given as long as it takes for this to happen , " representative Chris Goodman said in a statement in May . A new , but almost identical , similar statement appeared on her website Saturday , saying "  Amy Winehouse is withdrawing from all scheduled performances . " None of her representatives immediately responded to CNN requests for comment . Winehouse 's soulful , throaty vocals brought the British musician stardom in 2007 , but her off-stage life gained her notoriety . The lyrics of her songs , especially the hit "  Rehab , " chronicled her troubled life . The song , in which she sang "  They tried to make me go to rehab , I said no , no , no , " helped form the public 's view of Winehouse . "  I do n't care enough about what people think of me to conform to anything , " she said in a 2007 CNN interview . Winehouse , born in London in 1983 , became a picture of a tattooed teenage rebel after she was expelled from a prestigious performing arts school . Her first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when the singer-songwriter was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back To Black , " which included the single "  Rehab . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's volatile marriage to Blake Fielder-Civil took a toll on the singer 's career . The couple divorced in 2009 after a stormy two years filled by drug addiction and arrests . Winehouse 's parents went public with their efforts to help their daughter , telling the London Telegraph in 2009 that she was on the road to recovery . "  A gradual recovery , which is good , " Winehouse 's father , Mitch , told the Telegraph . "  With slight backward steps -- not drug backward steps , more drink backward steps if you follow my drift . I think that will be the pattern of recovery . " Her father got word of his daughter 's death Saturday while in New York preparing for a Monday night show with his band at the Blue Note club , his publicist said . He immediately canceled the performance and caught a flight back to London , the publicist said . The organization that awards the Grammys issued a statement Saturday calling Winehouse "  a dynamic performer and musician who seamlessly blended rock , jazz , pop , and soul and created a sound all her own . " "  Her rich , soulful and unique voice reflected her honest songwriting and earned her a devoted fan following , critical acclaim , and the genuine respect and admiration of her musical peers , " the Recording Academy statement said . "  She will forever be remembered for her immense talent , and her music will live on for generations to come . Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , friends , and fans during this difficult time . " CNN 's Bharati Naik and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	It 's too soon to know if Winehouse died of a drug overdose , a police official says Winehouse spokesman : "  Everyone who is involved with Amy is shocked and devastated " The death is "  unexplained , " police say Winehouse canceled a European tour last month after being booed off stage
CNN  -- The 2012 Olympic Games in London will see world-class competitors display their skills across 39 disciplines , with the British capital also taking the opportunity to showcase itself as a vibrant , modern , cultural center . A series of 12 Olympic and Paralympic posters were commissioned to promote the Games and show how art is firmly entrenched in London 's plans for "  the greatest show on Earth . " Acclaimed British artist Tracey Emin was tasked with composing one of the posters ; the 48-year-old is championing the involvement of art in the hosting of the Games . "  Culture runs alongside the Olympics , " Emin told CNN . "  London , and Britain , has a lot more to offer than just sport . " Emin hoped her Paralympic poster , which bears the words "  You inspire me with your determination and I love you " and pictures two birds , would be a complete contrast to the marketing material for previous Games . "  I want people to smile and feel kind of warm and feel that they 're part of something and not excluded , " she explained . "  The previous posters were a little bit on the macho fascist side . I wanted to do something which was the complete antithesis . " Art historian and exhibitions curator at London 's Victoria and Albert Gallery , Ghislaine Wood concurs with Emin 's views , explaining how Olympic posters provide an insight into the political mood of years gone by . "  Olympic posters provide a fantastic snapshot , " said Wood . "  They really do provide a real insight into how posters communicate ideas at different points . Wood highlights the Munich Games of 1972 as an example of how Germany attempted to use the posters to change the way it was perceived globally following World War Two . "  There was a very conscious effort to change the look and feel of that Olympics . Fascist connotations of Berlin 1936 have been utterly changed to brand it as a modern , democratic event . " According to Wood , London 's push to display itself as a forward-thinking city is not confined to its poster . The logo , the brainchild of designers Wolff Olins , and the spectacular Aquatics Centre also show how the city is attempting to stamp its identity on the Games . "  The Wolff Olins logo was a very powerful element in the whole branding of the London Olympics . If you look at  architect  Zaha Hadid 's Aquatics Centre , a fantastic piece of modern , contemporary design , and the tower . " The tower Wood refers to is a 115-meter high steel sculpture designed by Britain 's Anish Kapoor known as the Orbit , which has been erected at the Olympic Park . Kathryn Findlay works for Ushida Findlay Architects , a firm that was involved in the construction of the Orbit . She says the red twisting structure will provide a visual thrill for viewers both near and far . "  From afar , people in different parts of London will get glimpses of it , " said Findlay . "  As you go there on the train you 'll see this object appearing . As you go closer to it , the scale of the sculpture , and the color , are quite surprising . "  There are these mirrors on either side , which invert people and they 'll see themselves reflected in the sculpture . "  It is eclectic , unexpected , it 's inventive . Whether you like it or you hate it , you will always see it , like Big Ben or the London Eye , as one of these eccentric British creations . "	The 12 Olympic and Paralympic posters which will be used in 2012 have been unveiled Art and design has been central to the planning of London 2012 Olympic posters can provide a snapshot of the political environment of the time Anish Kapoor 's Orbit is a 115-meter high steel sculpture
Rumors and speculation are running wild , as the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  prepares for its 18th Party Congress . So far , though , the most tangible thing about the Congress is the massive deployment of extended security measures in China , resulting in the cancelation of academic conferences , art exhibitions , performances and even private meetings . In a way , the CCP is asking the entire Chinese nation to hold its breath until the Congress ends . All this effort is expended over the transfer of power to the "  next generation " of Chinese leaders . Indeed , these extra security measures indicate that the leaders of the CCP understand well their weakness : that the fragility of an authoritarian system lies in its transfer of power . China 's next leaders : Who 's who That is , despite its domination over the lives of the Chinese people , even the Communist party is not exempt from the general political axiom that a governing rgime relies on popular acceptance of its authority . The problem is that is no one , not even the Party 's own members , voted for the next generation of CCP leaders . There are no laws -- or even any clear rules -- that govern the selection of leaders , leaving the matter of choosing the top leaders of the most populous nation on earth entirely at the mercy of the Party 's forever changing internal logic . Read about the struggle of ideas among China 's leadership Even after a decade as the top leader of China , how exactly President Hu Jintao became Jiang Zemin 's designated successor remains a mystery even to expert analysts and historians . The selection process is and will always remain at the highest level of state secrets , guarded even from the majority of Party members . The most important reason is that any detail , if known , could be used as ammunition for internal party strife and dangerously expose the leadership 's vulnerabilities . On April 30 , 1976 , after Premier Hua Guofeng had accompanied Chairman Mao Zedong to a meeting with New Zealand Prime Minister Robert Muldoon , Hua told Mao that he would summon activists from Sichuan and Guizhou provinces to Beijing for a conference to strengthen the "  Criticize Deng Xiaoping Campaign . " Mao was already suffering from a neural disease that made him unable to speak , so he replied by jotting down a note that read : "  With you in charge , I am at ease . " Five months later , Mao died , and Hua became his successor as chairman . That note became the main vehicle of state propaganda efforts to lend Hua legitimacy . And in order to keep its original limited context a secret , Foreign Minister Qiao Guanhua , an eyewitness to the original exchange , was sacked . It is unlikely that the public will ever know how Xi Jinping became the designated successor of Hu Jintao . Whether or not he was actually handpicked by Jiang Zemin , as rumored , will remain a secret , and even if Jiang were confirmed to have picked Xi , Jiang does not have the charismatic stature of Mao to lend instant legitimacy to his chosen successor , and the lack of public consent would only be highlighted . In Hua 's case , details surfaced only after he was politically sidelined and excluded from positions of power . In addition to the selection of president and the party 's general secretary , the selection of the powerful Politburo Standing Committee is another top level state secret , because the details of who nominated whom would allow political analysts to figure out factional affiliations and map out the complex web of entrenched interests . Read why China 's new leaders must focus on rights Under certain circumstances , information regarding top leaders is released to the public only with intent . Deciding which details to release or not to release on the fallen Bo Xilai must have been a real headache for the Chinese leadership . When the case against his wife , Gu Kailai , was first announced , there was no mention of Bo himself . Too many details would only confirm the longstanding public impression that families of high-level Party officials use their connections to rapidly accumulate millions and live their private lives in stark contrast to the Party 's claims of altruism . Yet , some details needed to be released , as authorities built their case against him . Thus , the decision of what and when to release information has seemed painfully slow and cautious , creating the perfect environment for rumors and speculation to feed public curiosity . In today 's global information environment , details on the Chinese leadership can now reach millions of people in a matter of minutes via online media and social networks . More than likely , Chinese leaders do not like the way the public reacts to news that is not carefully crafted by the state 's propaganda machinery . In March 2012 , a young man driving a Ferrari 458 Spider with two young women aboard died in a fatal high-speed crash . Information about the incident went viral online before it could be suppressed . The driver was reportedly found to be Ling Gu , the son of Ling Jihua , President Hu Jintao 's protg , who was demoted six months after the Ferrari incident . Recently , the New York Times report of Premier Wen Jiabao 's alleged family business ventures spread throughout the Chinese online network shortly after publication , even after Chinese authorities had blocked access to the newspaper 's English and Chinese websites . The same happened after Bloomberg reported on the wealth of Xi 's extended family . That is a far cry from September 13 , 1971 . When Mao 's comrade-in-arms Lin Biao died in a mysterious plane crash in Mongolia , it took months for the news to ripple through widening circles of the population . Thus , the Chinese leaders ' response to the new age of information has been to make their political system ever more opaque and expend enormous resources on media censorship . Such is the case with Xi , China 's designated leader , of which little is known beyond official accounts . His personality too must be kept secret through a web of media censorship , because such information could be used by opponents to figure out his political tendencies and preempt his political actions . If we have to make an intelligent guess about Xi , we might have to look at the CCP 's recent "  History of the Chinese Communist Party , Volume 2  1949-1978  , " which covers the Mao years . This grand project was led by none other than Xi Jinping , according to official reports , and reportedly under his sole discretion . The result is another Party effort to cosmetically make over the disastrous events of the Mao era . When Xi is in power , he will be turning Party history to its next page . "  He who controls the past controls the future . "	There are no laws -- or even clear rules -- that govern selection of leaders , Bao writes Bao : It is unlikely that public will ever know how Xi became Hu 's designated successor Selection of powerful Politburo Standing Committee is another top level state secret Bao : Public consent is lacking ; in media age , leaders respond by making system more opaque
CNN  -- The WBO said Wednesday it will review Timothy Bradley 's controversial victory over Manny Pacquiao at the welterweight title fight . Saturday night 's split decision rocked many who follow boxing and Pacquiao 's home country of the Philippines . WBO President Francisco "  Paco " Valc  rcel , in a statement , said the organization 's championship committee will have "  five recognized international judges to evaluate the video of the match and agree to what emerges . " Pacquiao appeared to dominate Bradley during the fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , but the judges felt otherwise . Two of the ringside judges had the fight 115-113 for Bradley while the other judge scored it 115-113 for Pacquiao . "  I want to clarify that in no way this says that we are doubting the capacity of these judges , which we consider as honest and competent judges , " Valc  rcel said of the review . After the judges ' scores were announced , most of the sold-out crowd at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas voiced its displeasure . Bradley , a native of Cathedral City , California , remained unbeaten with 29 wins , along with one no-contest . Pacquiao suffered his first loss since 2005 . Now , the question is what Bradley 's win or Pacquiao 's loss will mean for boxing . After the bout , both announced they were interested in a rematch . Many fans have called for a potential showdown between Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. . In the Philippines , where "  Pacman " Pacquiao is worshipped , there have been accusations of foul play . A Filipino congressman called the fight "  rigged . " Rep. Joseph Victor Ejercito told the local media , "  It 's obvious that Pacquiao was ahead . I ca n't see how he lost . " "  People were in shock and disbelief , " said Lito Tacujan , sports editor of the Manila-based Philippine Star daily . "  Everybody felt furious with the result . They thought the match result was set up or scripted . "	WBO committee to review fight Timothy Bradley defeated Manny Pacquiao to win WBO welterweight title Two judges scored fight for Bradley , other judge scored fight for Pacquiao Bradley remains unbeaten ; Pacquiao suffers first loss since 2005
CNN  -- A Florida woman has been charged with first-degree murder in connection with the death of a lottery millionaire whose body was found buried under fresh concrete , authorities said Friday night . Dorice Donegan Moore , 37 , was arrested last week on charges of accessory after the fact regarding a first-degree murder in the death of Abraham Shakespeare , 43 , said Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee . She remains in the Hillsborough County Jail , he said . Moore befriended Shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 and was named a person of interest in the case after Shakespeare disappeared , authorities said . Before her arrest , Moore proclaimed her innocence during a tearful , impromptu news conference outside her home . She said she was planning to help Shakespeare write a book about the challenges of winning millions and that she was helping him manage the money . "  Abraham had a life of drama because of the money , " she told CNN affiliate WTSP . "  The money was like a curse to him . And now it has become a curse to me . " Moore might have committed fraud to obtain parts of Shakespeare 's fortune , and she bought lime to deal with his body and was trying to find someone to move the corpse to another location , Gee said at the time of her arrest . Shakespeare was killed on April 6 or April 7 , and Moore has admitted trying to convince Shakespeare 's family members that he was still alive , Gee said . Deputies found Shakespeare 's body outside a home in Plant City in late January after receiving a tip from an associate of Moore , Gee said . The investigation is continuing , Gee said .	Dorice Moore says she helped manage Abraham Shakespeare 's lottery winnings Shakespeare 's remains were recently found buried under fresh concrete Authorities : Moore tried to convince Shakespeare 's family that he was still alive
CNN  Father Theodore M. Hesburgh , who led the University of Notre Dame to national academic prominence and became an influential figure in both the spiritual and political worlds , has died . He was 97 . Hesburgh died Thursday . His death was confirmed by a posting on the university 's website . "  We mourn today a great man and faithful priest who transformed the University of Notre Dame and touched the lives of many , " said the Rev. John I. Jenkins , Notre Dame 's current president , in a statement . "  With his leadership , charisma and vision , he turned a relatively small Catholic college known for football into one of the nation 's great institutions for higher learning . In his historic service to the nation , the Church and the world , he was a steadfast champion for human rights , the cause of peace and care for the poor . " Over the course of a career that spanned more than seven decades -- 35 of them as president of Notre Dame -- Hesburgh ended up at the highest levels of both church and state . He marched with civil rights leaders . He was instrumental in giving influence to the laity at Catholic universities . He was a Vatican representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency . He was an adviser to presidents , serving on commissions concerning civil rights , immigration and military clemency issues .  And , incidentally , angering Richard Nixon over a report about racial discrimination , which prompted Hesburgh 's resignation . In 1962 , he made the cover of Time magazine -- back when that was one of mainstream America 's most powerful indicators of influence -- for a story about Catholic intellectuals . He was even one reason that the former Eppie Lederer ended up as advice columnist Ann Landers . As she told the story , when she applied for the position , she was given a handful of letters to answer as a test . For help on some topics she called her friends , including Supreme Court justice William O. Douglas and Hesburgh . Needless to say , she got the job . Hesburgh , a close friend , remained one of the column 's go-to experts . But Hesburgh 's primary focus was always the school he loved and first attended when he was 16 . At the time -- the mid-1930s -- the college in South Bend , Indiana , was known for its football team , its seminary and little else . Hesburgh , a native of Syracuse , New York , graduated from a university in Rome , Italy , and was ordained in 1943 . He wanted to become a military chaplain but ended up pursuing a doctorate at Washington 's Catholic University . He returned to Notre Dame after the war and became head of its Theology Department , rising in its administration . He made his passions clear even before he became president , clashing with football coach Frank Leahy . When he took over the university in 1952 , his goal was to create a "  Catholic Princeton . " "  The Catholic university should be a place where all the great questions are asked , where an exciting conversation is continually in progress , where the mind constantly grows as the values and powers of intelligence and wisdom are cherished and exercised in full freedom , " he once wrote . People we 've lost in 2015 He used Notre Dame 's athletic fame for bigger ends . The number of students doubled during his tenure . A library now named for him opened in 1963 . Its famous mural , visible from Notre Dame 's football stadium , is referred to as "  Touchdown Jesus . " And when he started at Notre Dame , its endowment was $ 9 million . Today it stands at close to $ 10 billion , the 12th-largest in the country . "  The great challenge ... at Notre Dame was to create the greatest Catholic university of all time . And I think we achieved that , " he told Maureen McFadden of South Bend TV station WNDU , a CNN affiliate . There was criticism , of course . He traveled so much he became the subject of a campus joke : God is everywhere , Hesburgh is everywhere but Notre Dame . He disliked the Vietnam-era campus protests and threatened to expel students who were too disruptive . He sometimes butted heads with Catholic leaders . But he was , usually , beloved -- not least by the Notre Dame community . He was known for his availability to students and liked to chat with them . Perhaps his greatest influence "  was on the lives of generations of Notre Dame students , whom he taught , counseled and befriended , " said Jenkins , the Notre Dame president , in his statement . He was amply honored during his long life . He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the Congressional Gold Medal and more than 100 honorary degrees . For all his influence , Hesburgh never saw himself as high and mighty . His calling was service , and that alone was enough . "  I never wanted to be anything but a priest , which is in itself a great and unearned grace , " he said . "  I hope to live and die a priest , nothing more , but nothing less either . "	Father Theodore Hesburgh was leader of Notre Dame for 35 years Over his tenure , he revolutionized university and made it academic powerhouse He was adviser to presidents , served key position for popes
CNN  -- Mitt Romney has won the New Hampshire primary . That much was clear as soon as the polls closed Tuesday night . It took a little while longer to sort out exactly where the other candidates finished behind him , but that barely matters . Regardless of the other candidates ' performances in New Hampshire or even what happens in the South Carolina primary next week , Mitt Romney is extremely likely to be the Republican nominee . How can we know this so early , after only one primary election and the Iowa caucus ? The dominant political science explanation of the presidential nominating process is contained in the book , "  The Party Decides " by Marty Cohen , David Karol , Hans Noel , and John Zaller . They point out that candidates need support from their party 's politicians and activists across the country . From 1980 to the present , no candidate who significantly trailed in party endorsements has won the nomination . A few candidates have been nominated in years when no candidate took an early endorsement lead . These include Mike Dukakis in 1988 and Barack Obama in 2008 . But no candidate has succeeded when significantly trailing by that measure . There are reasons to believe that this pattern is not a coincidence . Your party 's politicians and activists can help you organize and raise money as you hopscotch to primaries and caucuses across the country . On top of this is the effect of national media figures on TV , radio and the Internet closing ranks around the candidate most leaders in their party support . We got an excellent example of this in December when Newt Gingrich opened up a fairly large lead in Iowa and national polls . Romney 's supporters used his fundraising advantage to pummel  through a sympathetic super-PAC  Gingrich with negative ads . On top of this , Republican pundits almost universally condemned Gingrich . As Ben Smith of Politico noticed , on December 14 , just about all columnists on the Washington Post op-ed page , regardless of their ideologies , criticized Gingrich . On his morning show on MSNBC , former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough , who served with Gingrich in the 1990s , called him a "  bad person " who "  will destroy our party . " This would continue if someone like Gingrich had initial success in the primaries and caucuses . As chronicled by Nate Silver , Mitt Romney now has a big lead in Republican Party endorsements , giving him a huge advantage moving forward . Through the end of November , Romney had 55 % of all Republican endorsements and his share has only increased in December and after his slim victory over Santorum in Iowa . The only other person with a non-trivial number of endorsements is Texas Gov. Rick Perry . Consequently , Perry remains the only candidate who could somewhat plausibly challenge Romney in a drawn out fight for the nomination . How did this happen ? How did a candidate who relatively recently supported abortion and gay rights , and who as governor passed a health reform bill remarkably similar to the president 's , manage to lock up the Republican establishment 's support ? It was n't inevitable . The most plausible alternatives were former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Perry . Pawlenty likely miscalculated by dropping out after weak performances in debates and in the Iowa straw poll . Pawlenty 's campaign was low on cash . But many Republican endorsers were late in deciding to go with Romney . If Pawlenty had laid off campaign staff but stayed in the race , he might have benefited from a late surge in endorsements and in the polls .  Pawlenty 's mediocre debating performances would have evoked Cicero in comparison to Perry . Which brings us to the second candidate who could have won support from Republican elites : Perry . Right after he announced , it appeared that he might be able to match or even surpass Romney in establishment backing . But he has been hurt by his extremely weak campaign skills , including disastrous performances in debates and on the stump . In Republican eyes , he may be a reliable conservative , but he appears to be someone incapable of running a competent campaign against Barack Obama . Still , Perry remains the only candidate besides Romney with nontrivial support from Republican elites . If he could somehow manage to run a respectable campaign and win a substantial number of votes in South Carolina , he would be Romney 's only halfway plausible threat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Ladd .	Jonathan Ladd : It 's a good bet that Mitt Romney will win the GOP nomination He says we can make that judgment based on his support among party insiders Candidates with the endorsement of party elites have typically won the nomination Ladd : The only candidate who even approaches Romney 's party endorsements is Perry
CNN  -- Last Saturday , Sarah Palin stood before the huge crowd at the 2014 National Rifle Association annual meeting and condemned liberals for coddling terrorists . She loaded her speech with religious metaphors , claiming that true leaders would put "  the fear of God in our enemies . " She said , "  They obviously have information on plots to carry out jihad . Oh , but you ca n't offend them , ca n't make them feel uncomfortable , not even a smidgen . Well , if I were in charge , they would know that waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists . " Palin 's invocation of forced baptism shocked both conservatives and liberals , inspiring few defenders . Christian commentators , in particular , focused on her link between torture and baptism . On Wednesday , the National Religious Campaign against Torture released a powerful condemnation of the speech . To Palin , the organization 's executive director wrote , "  Your statements play into a false narrative conveying that somehow , the conflict between the United States and the terrorist cells is a conflict between Christianity and Islam , or Islam and ` the West . ' " The group 's letter to the NRA , signed by 17 faith leaders from many different religions and denominations , reads , "  For Christians , baptism is a profoundly holy act . It is in stark contrast to the abhorrent act of waterboarding . Equating baptism to an act of torture like waterboarding is sacrilegious -- and particularly surprising coming from a person who prides herself on her Christian faith . " But it 's not actually all that surprising . Palin 's public rhetoric relies on crafting existential binaries between "  us " and "  them , " creating a kind of sacred empowered victimhood among her listeners . She draws from the language of militant Christianity to claim the status of both persecutor and persecuted . This is not an accident , and I do not believe she will repudiate her remarks . I 'm an historian . While people of faith such as the National Religious Campaign against Torture are concerned about blasphemy , I worry about history . When powerful Christians such as Palin start speaking about forced baptism to a cheering throng , they evoke , intentionally or not , some of the worst episodes in Christian history . Here 's one . On Valentine 's Day 1349 , the citizens of Strasbourg , Germany , rose up against the Jewish population of their city . The Chronicle of Mathias of Neuenburg describes it as follows : "  And so , on the following Saturday  February 14  , the Jews were conducted to the cemetery to be burnt in a specifically prepared house . And 200 of them were completely stripped of their clothes by the mob , who found a lot of money in them . But the few who chose baptism were spared , and many beautiful women were persuaded to accept baptism , and many children were baptized after they were snatched from mothers who refused this invitation . All the rest were burnt , and many were killed as they leaped out of the fire . " This is just one of the many examples of forced baptism of Jews and Muslims under threat of massacre . Notice the specifics . The Jews were forced into a building , stripped , robbed and burned alive . Their only pathway out was through baptism and rape . As parents died , babies were taken from their mothers to be baptized . The church condemned these practices , but if someone went into a church and was baptized , even under threat of death , it counted . Such issues led to the terrible excesses of the Spanish Inquisition in which forcibly converted Jews and Muslims were held under constant scrutiny and suspicion . When Palin stood before the huge crowd of mostly white people , she told her audience to be afraid and to be prepared for civilian violence . She spoke about "  that evil Muslim terrorist Maj.  Nidal  Hasan ... his Allah Akbar  sic  praising jihad . " She said , "  Ammo is expensive , do n't waste a bullet on a warning shot . " She divided the world between "  us " and "  them , " with no room for dialogue . At one point she pretended to apologize for saying all liberals were hypocrites , then joked , redrawing the divisive line , "  I 'm kidding , yes they are . " Finally , she said , "  If I were in charge , " and paused to let crowd cheer . Then , with great deliberation , she linked a torture method that makes the sufferer feel like they are dying to the ritual of Christian inclusion . The crowd went wild . "  Thank God , " she said , "  more and more Americans are waking up . " I do n't read her invocation of a deity as accidental . For Palin , this is a holy struggle . Last Sunday was n't the first time Palin used rhetoric invoking one of the worst chapters of Christian history . In January 2011 , in the wake of the Gabrielle Giffords shooting in Arizona , she and some right-wing defenders used the term "  blood libel " to describe those linking the shooting to Palin 's martial rhetoric .  She had used on her website a map with cross hairs on Giffords ' district  . Blood libel refers to the medieval myth that Jews murdered Christian children in religious rituals and baked their blood into matzos for Passover . It 's a myth that has resulted in massacres of Jews for centuries . I appreciate the efforts of the National Religious Campaign against Torture and others to contest this language in public . We ca n't pretend , though , that Palin 's invocation was an aberration or that her status as a failed politician makes her irrelevant . The crowd was cheering ; then they went into the exhibition hall to buy weapons . Sarah Palin and her followers want it both ways . They are the persecuted chosen people of God , targeted by lies and threatened with violence by those who do not share their faith . They are also the Christian triumphalists , ready for a Day of Reckoning in which all will be converted or destroyed . This is not a joke or an accident . This is not new rhetoric . And it never ends well .	Sarah Palin told NRA meeting , "  Waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists " Interfaith group of religious leaders called on her , NRA to repudiate those remarks David M. Perry : Equating torture with religious sacrament evokes horrors of the past He says Palin 's divisive rhetoric evokes persecution of Jews and Muslims
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A top executive with AEG Live insists Celine Dion is a "  bigger " artist than Michael Jackson . John Meglin , testifying Wednesday at the wrongful death trial of AEG Live , also downplayed how many tickets Jackson could have sold if he had not died while preparing for his comeback concerts . AEG Live lawyers are challenging an entertainment expert hired by Jackson lawyers who estimated the King of Pop would have earned $ 1.5 billion touring the world before his 66th birthday had he not died from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic at age 50 . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children contend the company is liable for damages because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death . If jurors agree , they could then use estimates of Jackson 's lost earnings as a guide to determine how much AEG Live -- the promoter and producer of his "  This Is It " tour -- must pay the Jacksons in damages . AEG Live lawyers argue that Jackson -- not its executives -- chose and controlled Dr. Conrad Murray , the doctor who signed a $ 150,000 a month contract with the company to serve as Jackson 's doctor for the tour . AEG Live executives never signed the contract , which Murray returned to them just hours before Jackson 's death . A nurse anesthetist will testify Thursday about administering anesthesia to Jackson during a medical procedure . He will be the first of what AEG Live lead lawyer Marvin Putnam said would be a parade of "  many , many " medical professionals who treated Jackson . The company will try to prove that Jackson was a secretive drug addict , which prevented promoters from knowing about the dangers he faced under Murray 's care . AEG Live tries to show Jackson had secret drug addiction Meglin , who has been a concert promoter since the 1970s , is the CEO of Concerts West , the division of AEG Live that was in charge of Michael Jackson 's tour . He was the first witness called as the company began presenting its defense in the 13th week of the trial . Much of his testimony was focused on attacking the analysis of certified public accountant Arthur Erk , who testified last week that he was "  reasonably certain " that Jackson would have performed 260 shows around the world as part of his "  This Is It " tour . He would have earned $ 890 million over the three years of concerts in Europe , Asia , South America , North America and Australia , Erk said . Jackson would have earned at least $ 1.5 billion from touring , endorsements and sponsorships had he lived to age 66 , Erk said . Erk 's analysis suggested Jackson would stage many of his shows in large stadiums , with more than 90,000 fans buying tickets to many of the concerts . But Meglin testified that his experience told him that no stadiums would seat that many people for Jackson 's kind of show . The Erk estimates were inflated by about 30 % , Meglin testified . The Rose Bowl would only seat 60,000 , Meglin said . Although Billboard Magazine reported that U2 performed for 97,000 people in the Pasadena , California , venue in 2009 , Meglin said he was "  trusting my gut " that the numbers were inflated . "  I know how those numbers can be manipulated , " he said . Jackson lead lawyer Brian Panish noted that 98,000 people were in the Rose Bowl seats when Michael Jackson performed the halftime show for Super Bowl 27 in 1993 . Jackson 's mom faces cross examination Meglin also contested Erk 's suggestion that Jackson would have taken his tour to India for at least three shows . "  Nobody goes to India , " he said . He later acknowledged that Jackson performed there during his HIStory tour . "  It 's not a very big market , " Meglin said of India , which is home to about 1.25 billion people . Meglin also disagreed with what one of his superiors , AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips , wrote in an e-mail that there was enough demand in England alone to sell out more that 200 Jackson shows . "  He believed that , " Meglin testified . "  I do n't believe that . " Fans bought all 750,000 tickets put on sale for 31 shows in March 2009 in just two hours , Phillips said . Enough buyers were already registered to sell out another 100 shows , Phillips wrote . Meglin also disagreed with Phillips ' opinion that Michael Jackson was the biggest entertainment artist ever . "  I do myself personally believe that that is not true , " Meglin testified Wednesday . "  In my opinion Celine Dion is right up there with Michael Jackson and , to me , she is bigger . "	AEG Live 's John Meglin disputed an estimate of how much Michael Jackson could 've earned An expert said Jackson would have earned at least $ 1.5 billion had he lived to age 66 If jurors decide AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death , the estimate could guide damages A nurse who gave Jackson anesthesia is set to testify Thursday
CNN  -- We already knew that Christian Bale probably was n't going to show up as Batman in the upcoming Justice League movie , the Avengers-style supergroup of DC heroes . First , Bale said that he would n't do another Batman movie unless Nolan opted for a fourth Dark Knight chapter , which Nolan says is n't happening . Then ` Man of Steel ' and ` Dark Knight ' screenwriter David S. Goyer confirmed that the Justice League 's Batman would be a rebooted character . So that pretty much closed the book . Still , with news like this , sometimes you just have to hear it from the man himself . Why the next nemesis for ` The Avengers ' may be the ` Justice League of America ' "  We were incredibly fortunate to get to make three -LSB- Batman films -RSB- . That 's enough . Let 's not get greedy , " says Bale , who called EW to promote his upcoming revenge drama ` Out of the Furnace '  in theaters Nov. 27  . "  Chris -LSB- Nolan -RSB- always said he wanted to make it one film at a time . And we ended up sitting there looking at each other , saying ` We 're about to make the third . ' We never really knew if we were going to get to be there , but if that was how it was going to be , this was where it should end as well . " Henry Cavill talks ` Justice League ' : It wo n't be right away The actor says he has n't even been involved in official talks about a Justice League movie . "  I have no information , no knowledge about anything . I 've literally not had a conversation with a living soul . I understand that they may be making a Justice League movie , that 's it . " But he says he 's not sad to pass Batman 's cowl into new hands : "  It 's a torch that should be handed from one actor to another . So I enjoy looking forward to what somebody else will come up with . " See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christian Bale officially opted out of playing Batman in the ` Justice League ' movie Bale said he would only reprise the role if Christopher Nolan directed the film "  The Dark Knight " screenwriter said the new Batman would be a rebooted character
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The banners hanging on Israeli street corners boast of the "  Unbreakable Alliance " with the United States , and the Stars and Stripes is flying side by side with the Star of David all across Jerusalem . It is a proud moment for the host nation . But as President Barack Obama heads to Israel and the West Bank for the first time since moving into the White House , there is no expectation of any significant policy breakthroughs and countless questions about his frosty relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  It is the most dysfunctional relationship in the history of U.S.-Israeli relations , " former U.S. Mideast negotiator Aaron David Miller told CNN . "  There is no real sense of confidence or trust . There is no capacity to give the other the benefit of the doubt . " Miller : Obama 's Israel trip about legacy And yet , Miller sees a chance that this meeting , on Netanyahu 's turf , could at least usher in a period of greater cooperation if not personal warmth . "  I think both have decided for different reasons that it is time to test the proposition that they can work together . " The prime minister clearly supported Obama 's Republican opponent , Mitt Romney , in last year 's U.S. election , and he has made clear at times he does not think the American president understands Israel 's security challenges . Obama , in turn , was recorded on an open microphone bemoaning having to deal with Netanyahu . And the White House has compiled a list of what it sees as slights by the Netanyahu government , including issuing permits for settlement building during a visit here by Vice President Joe Biden . And yet , the crowded and messy issues agenda , and the fact the two leaders need each other both for policy and domestic political reasons , is why some like Miller see the possibility of a more cooperative relationship . Obama , said Miller , "  does n't want to be the American president on whose watch Iran either gets the bomb or he needs to bomb . And he does n't want to be the American president on whose watch the two-state solution formally expires . " On eve of Israel trip , Obama tells Iran to disarm An eye on history Netanyahu is perhaps chastened a bit by his own recent elections , just now forming a new coalition that nudged his government somewhat to the left . Not to mention a concern he shares with Obama : an eye on history . "  The clock is running down for both of these guys , " said Miller , a former State Department Middle East hand . "  He  Netanyahu  wants to be viewed as the prime minister who did something and not a do-nothing leader . I think that combined with the likelihood the new Israeli government is a tad more pragmatic than the first Bibi government suggest there are some broad areas for cooperation . " Ambassador : Trip shows Obama 's ties with Israel A look at the regional map gives a better perspective of the messy state of the neighborhood and the urgency of the Obama-Netanyahu meeting . The major topics : Iran : Obama made clear in recent days he believes he has a year or so before Iran reaches the tipping point in its nuclear program , and he comes to Israel to make the case Netanyahu needs to give diplomacy more time . While skeptical there can be a negotiated solution , Israeli officials say Netanyahu is open to months of additional diplomacy but hopes to get a firmer commitment from Obama on when the United States would shift to military options . Syria : Israel is a critical source of intelligence to the United States about developments within Syria , including movement of regime military assets . While long on record , even before the Obama White House , in saying it was time for Bashar al-Assad 's regime to yield power , the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has Israel nervous about possible regime change in Syria . Still , the Obama administration is now saying it would not discourage allies from doing more to help the Syrian opposition . Weapons movement in Syria an issue as Obama visits Israel The Israeli-Palestinian dispute : White House officials say Obama is not carrying a new peace initiative and is hardly optimistic there is solid ground to try to revive negotiations . Most of all , the president 's aides say , he wants to assess how prepared , if at all , Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas are to return to negotiations . Because the prospects for that are considered so low , the dispute that often has dominated any U.S. presidential visit to the region is now almost a back-burner issue . Almost . "  I know the president really believes that Arab-Israeli peace is important to America , " said Shibley Telhami , a Middle East scholar who leads the University of Maryland 's Sadat Center . "  Although I am not sure he fully understands what that means in terms of commitment . " Visits to Ramallah , Gaza and several Israeli settlements in the West Bank in recent days bring constant evidence that tensions are increasing again , including some rock attacks on settlers on roads that run between Israeli and Palestinian neighborhoods . Abdallah Abu Rahma , a Palestinian political organizer , said during a weekend conversation in Ramallah that he constantly preaches nonviolent demonstrations as the best way to air grievances and put pressure on Palestinian leaders and get the attention of Obama . Rahma argues Netanyahu would benefit politically from any Palestinian violence . But he says he senses growing frustration and worries his advice may not always be heeded . Wanted : More action , fewer words "  At the beginning there was hope for him , " he said of the U.S. president . "  But it was just words , and Palestinians are tired of more words . " Nonviolent resistance key to Middle East breakthrough Palestinians want Obama to prove there are consequences if his call for an Israeli settlement freeze is again ignored -- as it is being ignored at this very moment with construction of subdivisions . And their grievances are evident in more personal ways : Posters on Ramallah streets sarcastically advise Obama not to bring his smartphone because Israel does not allow 3G or better service in the Palestinian territories . The nagging sense of rising tensions can be heard in the form of gunfire a short drive from Ramallah in an industrial area tucked between Israeli settlements . Up one dusty road , the Caliber 3 security training academy is tucked into the hillside . Inside , there are several ranges where students fire live ammunition , as well as indoor gymnasium space for hand-to-hand combat training . Among the students as we visited : residents of a local Israeli settlement who are part of its security structure , and a half dozen men being trained for anti-terrorism patrols on the light rail system that runs through Jerusalem . The academy is run by Sharon Gat , a colonel in the Israeli reserves , who says beyond teaching students good marksmanship , he has to disabuse them of any complacency . "  Our enemies are very motivated to do attacks on us in the cities and in the settlements , wherever there are Jews , " Gat told us . "  We are not waiting for the suicide bomber to come . We want to be prepared . " Conversations at Caliber 3 and in two of the nearby settlements eerily mirror those we had in Ramallah and Gaza : a nagging sense from people who have lived here a long time that tensions are building toward more violence . "  The security guards are preparing for attacks , and not for attacks from the Gaza Strip , " Gat said . Laying the groundwork for progress later While not carrying a dramatic new peace plan , White House officials say Obama hopes his conversation on this trip begins to lay the groundwork for progress not too far down the road . Given the mistrust , scholar Telhami said he worries about potential violence and a frustrated Palestinian political leadership . "  They want something concrete , " Telhami said . "  They need a game-changer . They need a paradigm-changer . The president is not going to offer that on this trip . " Instead , Telhami said , as long as there is follow-through , he could understand the president 's longer-term horizon . "  I think that 's the way they have to approach it -- looking ahead , not just looking at what you are going to get out of this trip per se , " Telhami said . But Gat says he sees no hope for a major breakthrough , in the short or longer term . "  I remember my mother said , ' I hope you do n't have to go through the army . ' I told her always , since I was a child , I told her I do n't think that will true . And I 'm not telling that to my kids . I 'm telling them , ` Listen guys : these are the facts -- You live in Israel . You probably will have to go in the army . ' "	President Obama makes his first trip to Israel as president ; later goes to West Bank and Jordan One expert says U.S.-Israeli relations are the "  most dysfunctional " in their history Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu have eyes on their places in history
CNN  -- Egypt 's president says comments he made more than two years ago that are being criticized as anti-Semitic were taken out of context , Egypt 's official news agency reported Wednesday . President Mohamed Morsy said the statements , made in 2010 , were about Israeli aggression against Palestinians in Gaza , not about the Jewish people , according to a statement published in Egypt News . U.S. senators visiting Cairo on Wednesday confronted him about the comments , according to one of the senators . "  In our meeting with President Morsy , we voiced our strong disapproval of statements he made a few years ago that have recently surfaced , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in a written statement . "  We had a constructive discussion on this subject . We leave it to the president to make any further comments on this matter that he may wish . " The congressional trip also included Sens. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina ; Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island ; Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire ; Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York ; Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut ; and Chris Coons , D-Delaware . The group met with leadership , business and other Egyptian groups . Morsy told the American delegation he is committed to respecting religions , and to the principle of freedom of belief and religious practice . Morsy backs Syrian calls for al-Assad to face war crimes "  President Morsy also added that it 's necessary to separate between Judaism and the Jewish people , and the violent practices against the unarmed Palestinians and the assaults on their lives and properties , " according to the Egyptian News report . On Tuesday , the Obama administration strongly condemned Morsy 's recorded comments and called on him to repudiate what he said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland called the comments "  deeply offensive ... language that espouses religious hatred . " In the recording , Morsy says Arabs and Muslims "  must cut off all relations with this plundering criminal entity " and "  besiege the Zionists , " whom he calls "  bloodsuckers , " "  warmongers " and "  descendants of apes and pigs . " "  We want to see President Morsy make absolutely clear to his own people , to the international community that he respects people of all faiths , " Nuland said on Tuesday . The White House , in a clearly coordinated statement , also condemned Morsy 's statements . Spokesman Jay Carney told reporters , "  This kind of discourse has been acceptable in the region for far too long and is counter to the goal of peace . President Morsy should make clear that he respects people of all faiths and that this type of rhetoric is not acceptable or productive in a democratic Egypt . " The comments , which Morsy made as a then-leader of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , immediately raised questions about whether he can be trusted to respect Egypt 's 1979 peace treaty with Israel . Even as she condemned Morsy 's remarks , the State Department spokeswoman noted that since he has been president , Morsy "  has reaffirmed again , and again " Egypt 's commitment to peace with Israel . "  He has been willing to work with us , and with Israel , on shared objectives , including the cease-fire in Gaza , " Nuland said . "  He 's been committed to our bilateral relationship . So ... that is the basis on which we are continuing to work together going forward . " She added , however , "  We will judge him by what he does ... but we 'll also judge him by ... what he says . And we think that these comments should be repudiated and they should be repudiated firmly . " Asked whether Morsy 's comments could damage relations with the United States , Nuland said U.S. officials hope that making the administration 's views clear to the Egyptian leader and inducing him to publicly step away from his comments might tamp down what could be an angry reaction from members of Congress . She told reporters , "  We certainly have made the Egyptians aware that we are continuing to seek economic support funds for Egypt on the Hill , and they are very well aware that these kinds of issues are of concern there , too . " Last autumn , Rep. Kay Granger , R-Texas , chairwoman of the Appropriations subcommittee on foreign operations , placed a hold on $ 450 million in U.S. economic support for Egypt after that nation cracked down on democracy support groups .	Morsy says his "  apes and pigs " comment was aimed at Israeli aggressors "  We had a constructive discussion on this subject , " U.S. Sen. McCain says in Cairo Morsy told the American delegation he is committed to respecting religions The White House and State Department demanded Morsy repudiate the remarks
CNN  -- By the year 2050 , China will no longer be the most populous country in the world . India will see its population grow by 700 million people by 2050 , the U.S. Census bureau estimates . That distinction will pass to India , where more than 1.8 billion people could be competing for their country 's resources , according to the U.S. Census Bureau 's International Data Base . The 2007 population estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau and the United Nations Population Division set China 's current population at around 1.3 billion people , and India 's at around 1.1 billion . If population continues to grow at the estimated rate , such rapid growth in India between now and mid-century could lead to overpopulation and an uncertain future for the environment and the people living there . And while organizations like the Population Institute and the United Nations Population Fund are working to promote the human rights and environmental consequences of overpopulation , not everyone views the newest population estimates with pessimism . "  Nothing ever continues at its present rate , neither the stock market nor population growth , " said Doug Allen , the dean of the school of Architecture at the Georgia Institute of Technology , and an expert in the history of cities and urban design , which he 's taught for more than 31 years . "  There is a substantial body of evidence that the world population will flatten out in about 30 years , " he said . "  Built into that model would be an assumption that more of the world 's population will become urban , and as such the population will begin to decline . " Citing historical evidence of falling birthrates in urban populations , Allen looks to Italy as a current example of the phenomenon . "  Italy right now -LSB- is -RSB- not at a point where it can sustain its current level . And I do n't think that 's because people in Italy have suddenly become aware of the need to conserve resources . I think it has more to do with decisions that are made by families on the margin not to have as many children . " Consequences of overpopulation Overpopulation occurs when a population 's density exceeds the capacity of the environment to supply the health requirements of an individual , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . Environmentalists have long been concerned about the resources threatened by rapidly growing human populations , focusing on phenomenon such as deforestation , desertification , air pollution and global warming . But the worst-case scenario for people experiencing overpopulation , according to Lawrence Smith , president of the Population Institute , is a lack of fresh , clean water . "  If the water goes , the species goes , " he said . "  That sounds kind of alarmist , " Smith conceded , "  considering there 's water all around us , but 97 percent plus is saltwater , and the freshwater that we use to sustain ourselves is just native to 3 percent . ... So the accessibility of water , the competition for water , the availability of water is going to be a major , major threat , " he said , noting world population growth estimates at more than 9 billion people by 2050 . Nine billion is an exceptional amount of people , considering the world 's population only reached 1 billion in 1830 , according to the Population Institute , a nonprofit organization that works to fund population and family planning programs around the world . By 1999 , world population reached 6 billion , and in the relatively short time between 2007 and 2050 , there could be roughly 2.4 billion more people on Earth needing clean water , space and other natural resources from their environment in order to survive . Governments facing overpopulation will also struggle to manage waste , said Allen . "  Handling your waste and the public health consequences of not handling it well is the biggest problem that will be faced in rapidly growing urban areas in the developing world . " When London , England , faced a population boom in the 1850s , for example , its infrastructure was not prepared for the excess waste , which resulted in Cholera outbreaks . "  Huge outbreaks , " said Allen . "  Fifty-thousand people dying over the summer . That 's the kind of thing that in the developed world we no longer have problems with , but in the developing world are very , very real . " Smith said that 97 percent of world population growth between now and 2050 will occur in the developing world , where governments face serious economic and social challenges . "  I would say most of this is in sub-Saharan Africa , where by every other health indicator , they rank at the bottom , " Smith said . "  This growth rate is taking place despite the high levels of HIV and AIDS and -LSB- tuberculosis -RSB- and malaria . " Health care -- and the lack of it -- is also a factor in the rising populations in developing countries , according to Stan Bernstein , United Nations Population Fund senior policy adviser . "  We 've seen a global trend of people wanting smaller families , but in the poorer settings that 's not quite the case yet , " Bernstein said . "  And it 's certainly not the case within countries that the poor -LSB- do not -RSB- have access to the kinds of services that the wealthy avail themselves of . " Globally , Bernstein said the poorest fifth of people in countries with rapid population growth have twice as many children , on average , as the wealthy people in those same countries . Birthrates make a difference The massive growth in developing nations is due in large part to fertility rates , where women during their reproductive years will have an average of five children , said Smith . "  That 's considerably higher than it is in the developed world . " In addition to the growing demands of developing nations , emerging countries like China and India are rapidly industrializing , said Smith . "  Their demands for food alone will have considerable impact on global markets . " China 's government has instituted population control methods in order to curb growth . Their controversial "  one child " policies have garnered an uneasy reception , especially in rural populations , where people complain of stiff fines or forced sterilizations and abortions as a result of breaking population laws . Traditionally , rural populations are larger than urban populations , said Smith . This is because rural families need to be larger in order to work and live off the land , and urban populations -- with better education , health care and family planning opportunities -- offer parents the luxury of choosing how many children they will have , he said . This year is the first year that rural and urban populations are nearly equal , according to the United Nations Population Fund 's annual report . This creates a mixed bag of concerns , according to Smith , that include susceptibility of young urban populations in poor countries with weak governments to recruitment for terrorism and conditions of instability . "  We have never in the history of the world experienced urban growth rates or metropolitan growth rates at the same level that we are experiencing now , " said Allen . E-mail to a friend	India on path to become most populous country Overpopulation will tax water supplies worldwide Largest population growths occurring in developing nations
For the first time , a patient in an American hospital has been diagnosed with Ebola . The unidentified man , who is being treated at a Dallas hospital , did n't show symptoms until several days after he arrived in the United States from Liberia . Officials are tight-lipped about how he contracted the virus or how he 's being treated , citing privacy concerns . But shortly after the news broke Tuesday evening , more than 50,000 tweets about Ebola flew through Twitter in a one-hour period , many of them panicked responses . Should we be concerned ? The short answer : no . Now let 's get to the long answer . Could the patient 's fellow passengers be infected ? The patient being treated in Texas flew from one of the Ebola hot zones -- Liberia -- to Dallas . But his fellow passengers are n't thought to be at risk because you can only contract Ebola through direct contact with the bodily fluids of someone who 's actively sick with it . It 's not like a cold or the flu , which can be spread before symptoms show up . And it does n't spread through the air . "  It 's very unlikely that  Ebola victims  would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " said Stephan Monroe of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . What 's to stop other Ebola patients from getting on a flight and coming here ? The CDC has issued warnings to avoid nonessential travel to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , the countries hit the hardest by the outbreak . And it 's also working with airport officials in those nations , and in Nigeria , so every person getting on a plane is screened for fever . "  And if they have a fever , they are pulled out of the line , assessed for Ebola and do n't fly unless Ebola is ruled out , " CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said . How do airport authorities know what to look for ? Those stricken with Ebola suffer ghastly symptoms -- including vomiting , diarrhea , muscle pain , fever and unexplained bleeding . That 's part of the reason why the odds of getting Ebola from plane passengers is very low , the International Air Transport Association said . "  It is highly unlikely that someone suffering such symptoms would feel well enough to travel . " What 's being done when the planes land in the U.S. ? The United States is n't planning on banning flights coming from the hot zones in West Africa , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in August . But once flights land at a U.S. airport from one of those countries , passengers are screened again . "  And there are facilities available that if an individual is detected exhibiting these symptoms , that they can be quarantined and promptly evaluated by a medical professional , " Earnest said . Are those procedures being followed ? CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen said when she and two colleagues recently returned from reporting in Liberia , they got a mixed bag of responses from Customs and Border Protection officers . "  We all said we were journalists who had just been in Liberia covering Ebola , " Cohen said . "  One of my colleagues was told , ` Oh , OK , welcome back home , sir ' -- and  was  just let in -- that was it . " Cohen herself got a different response . "  I was told , ` Wait a minute , I think I got an email about this , ' and the border patrol officer went and consulted with his colleagues , " Cohen said . That officer later told her she should check her system for 21 days . "  I said , ` What should I be checking ? ' And he was n't sure , " Cohen said . The third colleague merely had his boots checked to see if there was mud on them . "  Three very different responses . They ca n't all be the way to do it , " Cohen said . "  I was surprised at how sort of chaotic it felt . " So , how did Dallas patient slip through ? The Ebola patient in Dallas did n't start showing symptoms until several days after he landed in the United States , Frieden said . Is n't he putting others at risk ? The paramedics who took the patient to the hospital have been isolated , the chief of staff for Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings told CNN . They have not shown symptoms of the disease so far . The ambulance that carried the patient -- ambulance No. 37 -- was in use for two days after the transport but was properly decontaminated , said Dallas city spokeswoman Sana Syed . Frieden said the patient himself had a handful of contacts with people after he fell ill and before he was isolated -- a period of about four days . A CDC team arrived in Texas to investigate the people who came in contact with the man . Those people will be monitored for 21 days to see if they develop symptoms . If they do , they 'll be isolated . "  It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks , " Frieden said . "  But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here . " How is this not concerning ? Although there 's no vaccine and no cure , the one real advantage we have with Ebola is that doctors know how to control it . Ebola is n't "  some mystical pathogen  with  some bizarre mode of transmission , " said Bruce Ribner , director of Emory University Hospital 's Infectious Disease Unit . And we have the resources to contain it . How are we so confident ? For starters , the United States has the luxury of better health care compared to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . The U.S. has facilities that can "  do the kind of isolation that apparently is very difficult to do within the health care infrastructure in the African countries that we are talking about , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institutes of Health . Secondly , remember Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol ? The doctor and the American missionary were infected in Liberia , brought to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , placed in isolation units , treated and discharged . They were the first humans with Ebola to ever arrive in the United States . And they are now fine .	Unlike a cold or the flu , Ebola can not be transmitted before symptoms show up CDC director : All passengers boarding from Ebola hotspots are screened for fever A man being treated for Ebola in Dallas had symptoms for about 4 days before he was isolated CDC team trying to find those who came in contact with him ; will monitor them for symptoms
CNN  -- Typhoon Matmo has slammed in Taiwan , bringing heavy rain , strong winds and the threat of landslides on the mountainous island . Winds traveling at up to 64 knots  33 meters per second  swept over the territory , downing trees , cutting electricity and sending water gushing over roads . "  The water is just sheeting off the mountains -- waterfalls flowing off cliffs , rivers in full flood . I 've seen trees down , flash floods across the roads , so it 's a really very hazardous environment at the moment , " storm chaser James Reynolds told CNN Wednesday morning , approximately 7 a.m. local time  7 p.m. ET  . Reynolds was driving north along the coastal road on the eastern side of the island , a journey he described as "  not easy , " as he swerved around fallen rocks and trees . Although the damage to buildings was still being assessed , Reynolds said many seem to have withstood the pounding winds . "  The infrastructure in Taiwan is built very well to withstand the wind so structural damage is to a minimum . But the electricity is out in small towns and villagers in the south east part of the island , " he said . Offices and school were closed , and flights were postponed or canceled , as residents braced for the typhoon 's impact . Matmo lost strength as it passed over Taiwan and was downgraded to a tropical cyclone . It 's now heading across the Taiwan Strait to mainland China , according to the U.S. Joint Typhoon Warning Center and Taiwan 's Central Weather Bureau . It 's projected to hit coastal provinces in eastern China , including Fujian , Zhejiang , Jiangxi and Anhui , according to Chinese state news agency Xinhua . Typhoon Matmo comes on the tail of Super Typhoon Rammasun , which hit the Philippines last week and went on to cause havoc in southern China . More than 100 people were killed , mostly in the Philippines , as the storm downed buildings and caused flooding . The China Meteorological Administration said Rammasun was the strongest storm to strike southern China since 1973 . Travelers are advised to check with their airlines about the status of flights in the region .	Strong winds , rain raises threat of mudslides in Taiwan Typhoon Matmo passed over the island in the early hours of Wednesday morning "  Water is just sheeting off the mountains , " storm chaser James Reynolds tells CNN
CNN  -- While the Maasai delicacy of raw beef washed down with a bloody milk cocktail may not be to everyone 's taste , a new class of Maasai master chefs is cooking up something special . Deep in the Kenyan Serengeti , young apprentices from the warrior tribe are tackling haute cuisine from around the world as they strive to become gourmet chefs . This is not just cooking school ; this is Maasai cooking school . Opened in 2012 , the school is run by the Karen Blixen Camp -- a luxury eco-friendly getaway -- set in the Maasai Mara region in Southwest Kenya , near the border with Tanzania . Students are taught how to master culinary delights from all over the world including French , Italian , Indian and Mexican as well as refining local delicacies . Inka Kanae Simion , 21 , graduated last year after leaving his job as a butcher and joining the camp in 2012 . He said : "  It was my dream to be a chef . -LSB- When -RSB- the school opened , I decided that I would not go and look for other schools in Nairobi . " Simion said he wants to be the first of the Maasai students to become a qualified chef , adding : "  My ambition is to run a restaurant where I will be the head chef and start training young educated Maasai students . " Read more : Maasai Cricket Warriors : ` Bowling is just like throwing a spear ' The cooking school offers an 18-month course recognized by the Kenyan government and is designed to give students a comprehensive and hands-on approach to international food . "  The cuisine that interests me the most is French ... for instance coq au vin , " Simion said . " -LSB- I -RSB- have visions of getting outside to other countries for further education that will benefit my community . " Throughout the apprenticeship , students are taught to prepare meat , fish and vegetables ; make sauces and soups ; bake cakes ; plan menus and cost food with a special focus on hygiene and storage . Julius Simanka Kireu , 24 , is one of a current crop of students trying to make it as a chef . The eldest of eight children , he recalled how just getting to school as a child was difficult enough . "  I left my home every morning and walked five kilometers to school and returned home at 7pm , " he said . When Julius reached high school he decided to focus on his studies on tourism , a major source of income for the Maasai Mara region . He added : "  I have learned a lot -LSB- at the -RSB- Karen Blixen Hospitality School , even though I 'm still a beginner ... I can make potatoes into soup , saut  , onion rings and many others . " Read more : Maasai tribe 's ` last stand ' to keep land from game hunters Since the school opened , 15 students have graduated from the course , with 12-14 of the chefs finding a job and many joining local tourist resorts in the Maasai Mara region . Each year , staff from the Karen Blixen Camp puts up posters in the Mara 's biggest communities advertising the program . The chefs and camp managers then begin the selection process to pick the students best suited to the school . Applicants must fill in a form detailing their qualifications from secondary school . If they pass the first stage , it 's onto the camp for a written test in basic math and English before a final interview with the head chefs . The college allows students in remote areas , who want to continue their education but might not have the money to move to Kenya 's capital , Nairobi , to do so , according to Rune Eriksen , a cooking instructor at the school . "  We are targeting the youth , " he said , "  so hopefully they will have employment for the rest of their lives ... Our vision is to try and equip our students with the same knowledge and skills as other schools . " In the first term , students learn basic cooking skills before taking up an internship at a camp or lodge in the second term . In the final six months , the young chefs return to school and are taught how to cook creatively and perfect presentation . Watch this : Eat like a Maasai Eriksen , who is from Denmark , said each student pays a fee of 27,000 Kenyan shillings -LSB- $ 314 -RSB- to attend the school , which also receives funding from the Danish government as part of a long-term aid project . But the rapid population growth in the Mara is causing a "  major problem " for employment , according to Eriksen , and the local tourism camps are struggling to cope . "  With this expansion comes more livestock to support the Maasai , " he said . The cattle herds prefer to use domestic dogs to guard their cattle but "  these dogs are slowly turning feral and pushing the wildlife away , " Eriksen added , which is posing a problem for the resorts and tourists , hoping to catch a glimpse of the Serengeti 's exotic animals . As a non-profit organization , the Karen Blixen school -- named after the Danish author who wrote the memoir "  Out of Africa " -- appeals to donors to sponsor the school fees of young Maasai students for a chosen period , covering learning equipment , books and kitchen tools . In return for the fee , aspiring chefs are given full board and food and are taught additional English and IT skills to prepare them for work in the tourism sector . "  Most students do n't own or have a computer at home , and some of them have n't even been exposed to a computer before , " said Eriksen . "  The very first IT lesson is to learn how to turn on a computer , then eventually how to write an application and so on . " He continued : "  The students are often quite skilled in English , so our English lessons are focusing more on words and phrases used in the kitchen ... Classes -LSB- in -RSB- business , math -LSB- and -RSB- German are turning the chefs into professionals . " When the qualified chefs complete the course , they are presented with a diploma at a graduation ceremony attended by friends and family ; guests are then treated to some traditional Maasai dancers from the local community . After graduating , students are encouraged to branch out of the Mara region ; to become head chefs at restaurants in Kenya 's capital city , Nairobi , and even overseas while gaining valuable life experience , according to Eriksen . Read more : Tribal elder modernizing the Maasai to avoid extinction	Karen Blixen Cooking School trains young Maasai the art of cooking and fine cuisine Students taught to prepare meat and fish , prepare sauces and soups and bake cakes "  The cuisine that interests me the most is French , " says one Maasai student The school , part of the Karen Blixen Camp , is funded by the Danish government
Beijing  CNN  -- Anyone interested in world affairs , Chinese diplomacy and China 's future should know more about Xi Jinping . Xi  pronounced "  shee "  , China 's vice president , will be visiting the United States this month for meetings at the White House in Washington and will travel to other cities . "  The visit is important to boost his stature at home -- here is the man the U.S. takes seriously , and he can deal with them on our behalf , " says Anthony Saich , a China expert at the Harvard Kennedy School . "  For the U.S. , it provides an opportunity to introduce him to key U.S. politicians and the American public . The same approach was taken with Hu Jintao before he took over . " Xi , 58 , is in line to be China 's next paramount leader . He is expected to succeed Hu when his second term ends in autumn this year and could rule China for 10 years . But who is Xi ? Some key information about him :  He comes from a clique known as "  princelings , " sons and daughters of revolutionary veterans . His father , Xi Zhongxun , was a revolutionary hero who was banished during the Cultural Revolution .  When his father was in limbo , Xi spent time as a teenager doing manual labor in China 's countryside and went on to become a local party chief .  He holds chemical engineering and law degrees from the prestigious Tsinghua University , the alma mater of Hu and other senior leaders .  He served in the People 's Liberation Army as an officer in the General Office Department and assistant to the chief of the policy-making Central Military Commission .  He worked his way up from party chief to governor or party chief of three provinces -- Fujian , Zhejiang and Shanghai .  He became party chief of Shanghai in 2007 to replace Chen Liangyu , who was sacked because of a corruption scandal .  He served as a point person for the 2008 Beijing Olympics and other recent major events .  In addition to being vice president , he is a member of the communist party 's secretariat and head of the Central Party School , a political training ground for party cadres .  He has been married twice , more recently to Peng Liyuan , a famous folk singer in China . Their daughter , Xi Mingze , is now enrolled at Harvard . What makes Xi click ? Analysts say Xi is generally liked for his pragmatism , competence and a heritage of political reliability . "  He has avoided controversy in his career and has worked in provinces that could be deemed a success , " Saich said . "  He appeals to the broadest range of factions within the party , he is one of them , and he is not going to upset their privileges . " "  His ` birthmark ' is obviously a factor that propelled him to the top , " says Yawei Liu , a China-watcher at the Carter Center in Atlanta . Liu also notes that Xi is generally perceived as "  unassuming and unpretentious . " Singapore 's retired leader Lee Kuan Yew recalled a one-hour meeting in late 2007 and found Xi to be a thoughtful man who has been through many trials in life . "  I would put him in the Nelson Mandela 's class of persons , a person with enormous emotional stability who does not allow his personal misfortunes or sufferings to affect his judgment . In other words , he is impressive . " What kind of a leader might Xi be as a driver of China 's foreign policy ? Will he be dovish or hawkish ? "  Most see him , given his previous work experience , as likely to be on the collaborative side , " Saich said . "  People who know him say he is thoughtful and wants a good relationship with the U.S. His daughter is here , his sister is in Canada . " However , given the strong nationalistic sentiments in the military and among sections of the youth , Saich thinks "  it might make him feel that he has to be aggressive , at least to start with , to consolidate his position . " In one occasion , during a visit in Mexico in 2009 , he was caught on camera chastising foreigners while speaking informally to a group of overseas Chinese . "  Some bored foreigners have nothing better to do than point their fingers at our affairs , " he said . "  But  China does not , first , export revolution , second , export poverty and hunger , and third , cause unnecessary trouble for them . What else is there to say ? " "  If his off -- the-cuff remarks in Mexico are any reflection of his tendency , he could be hawkish in conducting Chinese foreign policy , " says Liu of The Carter Center . Little is actually known about Xi 's political views , but analysts say he shares concerns about maintaining the rule of the communist party and social stability . Recent ethnic unrest in Xinjiang and Tibet , strikes in factories and mass protests in towns and villages have made China far cry from Hu 's dream of a "  harmonious society . " The rapid economic growth the leadership has depended on to claim political legitimacy and to ease social tensions has been sputtering as key export markets in the U.S. and Europe continue to shrink . "  The international and domestic situation has changed so much he will have to introduce orderly political reform to ensure the nation does not implode as a result of rampant corruption , stagnant economic growth and popular frustration over the lack of freedom of speech and government accountability , " Liu said . Saich believes Xi 's biggest challenge is how to deal with the new social media , given the divergent opinions within the Communist party . "  Some want to treat it like the old-fashioned print media and try to mimic the same kinds of controls and institutional structures , " he explained . "  Others recognize the world is changing and that a new way of dealing with the social media and citizen participation has to be found without undermining the party 's paramount position . " "  This challenge is fundamental to the future of the party , " Saich added . Netizens are not upbeat . "  Do n't expect too much change from Xi , " said "  Berlinbear , " a microblogger posting on Sina Weibo , a social media site in China . "  Tianxiaoyu " writes : "  I do n't really expect the Communist Party to start holding general elections , but I do hope Xi can bring some substantial reform to keep the despotic ` people 's servants ' within limits ... I want to at least have the right to remove someone from office when I do n't want him there . " Perhaps Xi can pick up pointers , good and bad , when he visits the United States .	Xi will visit the White House in Washington , travel to other U.S. cities The 58-year-old is in line to be China 's next paramount leader after Hu Xi faces challenge of social media
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A lot of work remains to be done at the venues and athletes ' village at the Commonwealth Games in India , just a week before they are due to begin , the head of the games said Saturday . "  It 's not over yet . There is still a lot of work to be done , " said Mike Fennell , president of the Commonwealth Games Federation . Fennell spoke to reporters in New Delhi after a week of criticism and concern about safety and security , and the apparent poor state of the athletes ' accommodation . He said the Indian organizing committee was "  responding to the needs in a very positive way " and that now was not the time for finger-pointing , with the games due to open Oct. 3 . "  I 'm well aware that we could say to them this should have been done before , yes , but right now we 're concentrating on getting it right , and all systems are geared toward ensuring that the remedial work that 's necessary is done and completed in time , " Fennell said . The "  great concern " remains safety and security at the athletes ' village and making sure the buildings are equipped with the necessary fire and alarm systems , Fennell said . Organizers scrambled to pull the games together after a pedestrian bridge at a stadium collapsed Tuesday and officials called village accommodation uninhabitable and filthy . Pictures emerged showing soiled rooms that included excrement , exposed wiring , and animal footprints on a mattress . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other top officials got involved . Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram told CNN on Friday that all security issues had been addressed and that the midnight Friday deadline to clean up the venues was met . Chidambaram said 10 of the 11 village venues had been taken over by security , with another to be taken over shortly . More than 1,000 cleaners entered the athletes ' village Friday , armed with brooms , mops and other cleaning supplies to get the facility into shape . Asked why there had n't been more monitoring of the progress in the seven years since New Delhi was awarded the games , Fennell said on the contrary , he has noted the poor progress before . "  Last year , when I paid a visit , I made some very critical remarks about what needed to be done , and there were a lot of people that were upset about those remarks at the time , " Fennell said . "  But I said far more needed to be done very urgently , and I have had visits subsequently ... and we pointed out all along the way what needed to be done . So this is not something that was just discovered now . " Fennell said it is the local organizing committee that is ultimately responsible for the preparation of the games . He pointed out the committee depends on developers to deliver the venues on time , though he said organizers must monitor the progress of that construction . New Delhi organizing committee Chairman Suresh Kalmadi said Fennell was not singling out organizers for blame . "  We have taken on the venues a little late , and that 's where the problems came , " he said . As head of the committee , "  I will take on the blame , " he said , "  but I wish the venues were handed over to me last year . " Concerns about the conditions for the New Delhi games have prompted some teams like Canada and New Zealand to delay their departures and some athletes to cancel their trips altogether . Other teams , like Scotland and Wales , departed for the games after receiving assurances from organizers . English diver Peter Waterfield on Saturday became the latest athlete to withdraw , citing security fears and conditions at the village . "  I have a wife and two young children who were very concerned about me attending the event and this decision is one that we have made as a family , " said Waterfield , an Olympic and Commonwealth Games medalist . "  My decision to pull out of the Commonwealth Games has been especially hard because I am probably in the best form I have ever been in at the moment . " Such concerns led to the withdrawals Friday of New Zealand cyclist Greg Henderson and four British cyclists -- Peter Kennaugh from the Isle of Man , Geraint Thomas from Wales , and Ian Stannard and Ben Swift from England . The withdrawal of the four British cyclists was confirmed by Team Sky , their professional cycling team . The Commonwealth Games take place every four years among members of the former British empire . Fennell defended the decision to give the games to India and called it the right host for the competition . "  We 've got to give these people an opportunity to learn how to host these events , " he told Olympic news website Around the Rings after arriving in New Delhi . "  India 's the largest Commonwealth country that we have , with 1.2 billion people . How will you ever know unless they 're given an opportunity to make an effort ? "	Mike Fennell says a lot of work still needs to be done at the games Indian organizers are responding to the needs , he says Now is not the time for finger-pointing , Fennell says
CNN  -- As the 1961 Lincoln Continental convertible rolled down Elm Street in Dealey Plaza , three shots rang out in Dallas , their echoes lodging in the memories of America 's youth for years to come . Derek L. Farthing was in third grade in Jersey City , New Jersey , when the school 's janitor came to tell his teacher , Ms. Melvin , the horrific news . "  Her hands rose to cover her face and to still her ... shocked voice from raising our concerns , " he told CNN iReport . "  After composing herself , she turned to us and stated , ` The President , President Kennedy , was shot and killed in Dallas , Texas . ' " Farthing was released from school early and went home to tune in to the black-and-white CBS broadcast of Walter Cronkite , who famously removed his glasses as he confirmed JFK 's death . Amid cloudy conspiracy theories swirling around the assassination of John Fitzgerald Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 , many baby boomers have a moment of clarity from that day ; they remember where they were when Camelot fell . One JFK conspiracy theory that could be true Flashbulb memories , as they 're called by memory experts , are vivid remembrances of significant events ; a mental snapshot of the who , what , when and where -- and the emotional fallout . These memories , according to neuroscience writer and professor W.R. Klemm , can be particularly reinforced by the images associated with them . Kennedy was the first TV-ready president . His charismatic good looks were a deciding factor in an early debate victory over Richard Nixon , and he went on to use television to deliver unprecedented live press conferences to the American people . Clinical psychologist Ditta Oliker , who blogs about childhood memories on Psychology Today , said for many , the Kennedys were America 's couple upon a hill -- wealthy , well-connected and glamorous . Their newfound vulnerability made the country feel vulnerable . JFK 's assassination : a look at the facts "  Before that dreadful day , we worried about whether we could dye our peau de soie shoes the exact same color as our party dresses , and whether we could get a nice bouffant , " Marcia Wendorf told CNN iReport ; she was 13 at the time . Children who previously had n't a care in the world now knew death firsthand . Kathi Cordsen , who was 11 then , told iReport : "  More fear came over me when Jack Ruby shot Lee Harvey Oswald , because what came into my head was this was going to keep going and going until finally they kill every man -- including my dad . I was so emotional and very afraid . " CNN iReporter Gail Powell was just 8 years old when America 's 35th president was assassinated on that sunny November day . 5 things you might not know about JFK 's assassination "  What upset me the most was seeing my mother so upset about what happened to Kennedy , " Powell told CNN . "  I was young , but I understood enough that something terrible had happened and that many people were very sad . " Klemm said memory is reinforced by dramatic circumstances , "  and this was certainly an emotionally charged circumstance . " For many children of the '60s , the assassination was also the first national event played out on television , its scenes repeatedly flashing onscreen over several days . Even on this day 50 years later , the images remain instantly recognizable . Klemm said this repeating retrieval of a memory only strengthens it in the brain . These types of memories are similar to what later generations would experience after images were played on TV news of the second airplane crashing into the World Trade Center or of Columbine High School students running out of the building with their hands in the air . For some , it 's even O.J. Simpson 's white Ford Bronco leading a slow-speed chase on Interstate 405 . Oliker said a powerful reaction from a parent or another adult also makes a huge difference in how children encode a memory . Then-5-year-old Natalie Montanaro remembers having to go to bed early on that day in 1963 , amid the hushed whispers of her parents in the next room . "  Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country . " The iReporter remembers those words replayed over and over . She would later join the Peace Corps , which Kennedy established in 1961 , to commit to that promise . For many children , the events of November 22 signaled their loss of innocence most of all . "  Back in that era , prior to JFK 's death , I think we lived in an idealized world , where it seemed that all things were possible , that nothing was foreclosed , and certainly that a presidential assassination was not even possible , " Paula Matuskey , who was 15 , told CNN 's iReport . "  It was an exciting time , in other words , and a pretty happy time . " Farthing echoed her sentiment : "  I believe that the death of President Kennedy gave more awareness that there was more to just where I lived . I became more aware of the nation and the world . " Where were you when you learned of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ? Please share your experience in the comments below . CNN 's Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	Many children of the '60s can recall exactly where they were on November 22 , 1963 Experts call JFK 's assassination a "  flashbulb memory , " which sticks in the collective mind Because of TV , American families felt they knew JFK and were devastated at his loss
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia says torture -- depending on the circumstances , like if a nuclear bomb was planted in Los Angeles -- is n't necessarily off limits . The justice who 's been a mainstay of the high court 's conservative wing for 28 years condemned the "  self-righteousness of European liberals " who oppose torture "  so easily " Friday in an interview with Swiss National Radio . "  I do n't think it 's so clear at all , " Scalia said . "  I think it is very facile for people to say ` Oh , torture is terrible , ' " he said . "  You posit the situation where a person that you know for sure knows the location of a nuclear bomb that has been planted in Los Angeles and will kill millions of people . "  You think it 's an easy question ? You think it 's clear that you can not use extreme measures to get that information out of that person ? " Scalia also discussed the death penalty , saying he thinks it 's "  too bad " that a campaign in Switzerland to re-institute capital punishment has been thwarted by the the country 's membership in the Council of Europe , which has made the issue a requirement for all participating countries . "  What are human rights is not written up in the sky , and if it were written up in the sky , it would not be up to judges , lawyers , just because they 've gone to law school , to know what human rights ought to be and therefore are , " Scalia said . "  And therefore each society 's perception of what it believes human rights should be ought to be up to that society , and I think it 's very foolish to yield that determinations not only to a foreign body but to a foreign body of judges , " he said . "  I do n't know why anyone would want to do that . " And he brushed off questions about whether Supreme Court decisions opening the door for outside groups to spend unlimited sums of money on elections have hurt the country , saying that "  the amount of money that is spent on all elections -- state , local and federal -- in the United States , is less than what women spend on cosmetics for a year , OK ? " He said the alternative is having Congress impose limits on "  who can speak and how much who can speak . " "  If you think that a fair system of election speech is going to be devised by the incumbent senators and congressmen , you are naive , " he said . "  They will for sure , as they have in the past , devise a system that favors the incumbent . If that 's the choice of evils -- have a system that always favors the incumbent or , you know , let people speak as much as they want with as much money as they want -- I choose the latter . I do n't even regard the latter as an evil . " Scalia said he does n't agree with the notion that outspending the other side is the key to winning elections . He said if people really believe "  the masses are so ignorant that they are swayed by television ads , " then "  let 's have a king . Right ? Let 's have a king . "	Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia says torture is n't "  an easy question " Scalia also criticized European rules against individual countries imposing the death penalty He defended unfettered campaign spending
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher has told CNN that the Red Bull team should have already tied up the Formula One drivers ' title -- and can only blame themselves for not having done so . Fernando Alonso is in pole position to win his third crown , this time for Schumacher 's former team Ferrari , at the 2010 season finale in Abu Dhabi this weekend . The Spaniard has an eight-point lead from Mark Webber , with the Australian 's Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel another seven points off the pace . The Austrian outfit has already clinched the constructors ' title , but Schumacher claims the drivers ' battle should not have gone to the final race -- hinting at the widespread reports of tension between Vettel and Webber . "  I guess the main reason why the championship is still open is due to the fact that one particular team has made quite a few errors this year , " he said . Blog : Vettel win ushers in new era "  And if you think out of 18 races they took 15 pole positions and still only being second and third in the drivers ' championship -- they want to win the championship , yes . "  But that shows a little bit that something has gone wrong somewhere ... not wanting to go into the details . But it 's been exciting , and lots of happenings even from other teams -- so let 's see what the final race will bring to us . " The F1 title race lowdown Schumacher 's return to F1 may not have been quite as successful as he would have hoped , but the German believes his past success has helped his younger compatriots . The 23-year-old Vettel has impressed as the best of a new line of German talent including Williams ' Nico Hulkenberg and Schumacher 's Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg . Add Virgin 's Timo Glock and Force India 's Adrian Sutil to the mix -- both of whom are still under 30 -- along with Sauber 's comparative veteran Nick Heidfeld , and there will be seven Germans on the starting grid at Yas Marina . Latest F1 championship standings Schumacher , who dominated motorsport 's elite class with Ferrari before retiring in late 2006 , said he deserved some credit for raising F1 's popularity in his home country . "  No doubt I did , yes -- I mean the reason me being successful initiated a lot of manufacturers that we do have in Germany , " the 41-year-old said . "  I mean we are probably the biggest manufacturers of road cars in Germany , in terms of high-end cars , and having F1 to be so popular in Germany obviously triggered interest of all those manufacturers . Alonso ignores talk of Red Bull team orders "  And on this principal they initiated young driver programs where Sebastian is a result out of this one , and I guess I can take some credit from that . " Schumacher is ninth in the drivers ' standings , having been unable to add to his record 154 podium finishes this year , while Rosberg is seventh with three third-place finishes . He is looking forward to the second year of his contract with Mercedes , which has struggled to build on the success of last year 's world champion Brawn outfit since taking it over late last year . Is Ferrari 's Fernando the best on the grid ? "  Well the future is very clearly to make step by step the development that we really have initiated this year and take the fruits of it by starting -LSB- well -RSB- next year , " Schumacher said . "  Who knows how quick we can recover from our slightly down performance this year ... whether we can immediately go back into the championship fight next year or it needs a little bit more build-up time and lead time until the year after . "  But I 'm pretty sure next year we 'll be much more competitive and we should be able to win races . "	Michael Schumacher hints at problems in Red Bull camp ahead of title decider Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber battling to overtake F1 leader Fernando Alonso Red Bull won constructors ' title in penultimate race of season in Brazil Seven-time world champion Schumacher looking forward to a better 2011 season
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- White House spokeswoman Dana Perino on Friday said she would do the job again -- but only if she could work for her current boss . Dana Perino said goodbye to the White House press corps at her last briefing as White House spokeswoman Friday . "  I would n't do it for anybody but President Bush , " Perino said as she briefed reporters for the last time Friday . "  If given the chance to do it over again , would I ? Yes , " Perino said . "  But would I ever come back and do this ? No . ... I think it 's good to get off the stage . " Perino also thanked the White House press corps . "  We all have difficult jobs , we all work long and tough hours , and it 's been an exciting challenge , " said Perino , 36 . "  I know I had some big shoes to fill when I got here -- and I still only wear a size six . " Watch Bush 's farewell address " And she wished President-elect Barack Obama 's spokesman , Robert Gibbs , "  all the very best . " "  Please go easy on him -- for a week , " Perino joked with reporters . In the 80-year history of official White House press secretaries , only two women have been named to the job : Dee Dee Myers , who served former President Bill Clinton , and Perino . It 's been 15 months since Bush named Perino to succeed Tony Snow , who later died of colon cancer , as White House press secretary . View key moments in the Bush presidency " "  It was about two weeks into the job when I realized that I am never going to be like Tony Snow , " Perino said . Her first goal was to make briefings less heated . She still pushed back , but chose her confrontations carefully . "  If I was testy all the time as a woman in this position , I can only imagine what people would have said about me , so there is a delicate balance , I think , in this position . " During her time behind the White House podium , Perino sparred almost daily with the media on a number of contentious issues , including the president 's decision to "  surge " troops into Iraq . Perino said there are some things that she would have done differently . "  I 'm sure that I 'll have lots , " she said Friday when asked if she had any regrets . "  I 'm going to go on a six-week trip with my husband , and I 'm sure there will be long-enough flights for me to think about all the things we could have done better . View iconic images from Bush 's time in the White House " "  Any press secretary always wants to be more proactive , but news happens all over the world , " Perino said . "  And now with the 24/7 news cycle , in many ways , sometimes , you feel like you 're just trying to keep up with that . " "  That 's not a regret or a disappointment . It 's just a fact of life , " she added . As she begins to look beyond her years in the West Wing , Perino , a native of Wyoming who was raised in Colorado , says she is looking forward to spending more time in her own neighborhood in Washington with her husband , Peter McMahon , and their dog , a Hungarian Vizsla named Henry . Watch Perino prepare for life after the White House " She is also looking forward to sleeping in . When asked what she will miss the least from her time in the White House , Perino said , "  Absolutely has to be getting up at 4 o'clock in the morning . "  I do n't mind working long hours , I do n't mind working hard , but getting up when the four is still on the clock is something I hope I never have to do again unless I 'm catching a flight to some exotic location , " she said . After January 20 , Perino does plan to take a vacation -- which she says will include volunteer work for President Bush 's HIV/AIDS relief program in Africa . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	White House spokeswoman Dana Perino gave last news briefing Friday Perino , 36 , succeeded Tony Snow , is only second woman to hold post Perino plans six-week vacation , will volunteer with HIV/AIDS relief program in Africa
Gardena , California  CNN  -- About 300 mourners remembered legendary singer Etta James on Saturday as an authentic voice whose velvety vocals bridged genres from blues to rock . Another legendary singer , Stevie Wonder , gave a musical tribute to James at her funeral : He played the electronic keyboard and sang his "  Shelter in the Rain . " He then performed on the harmonica and sang The Lord 's Prayer . Also performing at the service was Christina Aguilera , who sang James ' signature song "  At Last " and ended her rendition to a standing audience with a farewell directed at James ' casket : "  May you rest in peace . " After the service , Aguilera told CNN that James was her idol . "  It was so emotional , " Aguilera said . "  I went through the lyrics last night , and I did rehearsal ... and it took on a whole new meaning having been invited by her close friends and family to sing that classic song at her service . And I started crying every time I started to sing it , and I thought , ` My gosh , what if that happens tomorrow ? I just want to do justice to Etta James . She meant the whole world to me , and it was a huge honor to be here today . " The Rev. Al Sharpton presided over the funeral in southern California where James was raised , and he began the service by reading aloud a note from President Barack Obama , who said that James ' talents transcended genres . Obama wrote that James will be remembered for her voice , Sharpton told family and friends at Greater Bethany Community Church City of Refuge in Gardena . "  I know she will be sorely missed by all those who knew and loved her , " the president 's note said , according to Sharpton . James died January 20 at the age of 73 of complications due to leukemia at a hospital in Riverside , California . She would have turned 74 last Wednesday . Her assertive , earthy voice lit up such hits as "  The Wallflower , " "  Something 's Got a Hold on Me " and the wedding favorite "  At Last . " Sharpton said that James first developed her voice in a local Baptist church as a little girl singing gospel -- which "  was just race music when she started . " When she died this month , he said , her photograph appeared on the front page of the New York Times , a mark of a triumphant life . "  Etta James has given us too much to work with , " Sharpton said . "  Etta James was for real . She was authentic . "  I think it was her authenticity that was part of the charisma that drew people to her , " Sharpton said . "  She really became a bridge of American culture that changed the culture of the world . It was Etta James that bridged rhythm and blues with rock and roll . "  Etta James helped break down the culture curtain of America before the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , " Sharpton eulogized . "  She was able to get us to sing the same rhythms and melodies . " Evoking the title of a signature song of James , Sharpton raised his voice : "  At last , you can find peace now ! "  At last , you can get the gratitude of the savior now , " Sharpton continued . "  Etta , you made it , you 're going home . At last ! At last ! At last ! " Donto James , the older of James ' sons , recalled how his mother had a soft spot for anyone who lost their mother . Donto James played drums in his mother 's band . "  She 'd give them a job like that , " he told the mourners . "  She loved her band . She would pick up anybody to work for , " he added . In a lighter moment , the son recalled how high-spirited his mother was . "  She was feisty , very feisty , " he said . "  I found myself as a son trying to clean up some things . I should have tried to stay out of it . I do n't know what I was doing . " Fans got the opportunity Friday to bid farewell to James during a public viewing at the Inglewood Cemetery Mortuary . Hundreds of people waited for hours to sign registers and attend the viewing for James . The family has requested donations be sent to The Rhythm & Blues Foundation . The powerhouse singer , known as "  Miss Peaches , " first hit the charts as a teenager , taking "  The Wallflower  Roll With Me , Henry  " -- an "  answer record " to Hank Ballard 's "  Work With Me , Annie " -- to No. 1 on the R&B charts in 1955 . She joined Chess Records in 1960 and had a string of R&B and pop hits , many with lush string arrangements . After a mid-decade fade , she re-emerged in 1967 with a more hard-edged , soulful sound . Throughout her career , James overcame a heroin addiction , opened for the Rolling Stones , won six Grammys and was voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Despite her ups and downs -- including a number of health problems -- she maintained an optimistic attitude . "  Most of the songs I sing , they have that blue feeling to it . They have that sorry feeling . And I do n't know what I 'm sorry about , " she told CNN 's Denise Quan in 2002 . "  I do n't ! " Through it all , she was a spitfire beloved by contemporaries and young up-and-comers . "  Etta James is unmanageable , and I 'm the closest thing she 's ever had to a manager , " Lupe De Leon , her manager of 30-plus years , told CNN . British songstress Adele named James as one of her favorite singers , along with Aretha Franklin . "  If you were to look up the word ` singer ' in the dictionary , you 'd see their names , " Adele said in an interview . Etta James was born Jamesetta Hawkins in south Los Angeles to a teen mother and unknown father . She suspected her father was Rudolph Wanderone Jr. , the famous pool hustler known as Minnesota Fats . CNN 's Denise Quan in Gardena , Alan Duke and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Donto James recalls his mother 's love for her band and her feisty nature Christina Aguilera sings James ' signature song "  At Last " "  At last , you can find peace now , " the Rev. Al Sharpton eulogizes at the funeral
CNN  -- For nearly 30 years , one man has dominated Egypt . Hosni Mubarak , 82 , has survived would-be assassins and ill health , crushed a rising Islamist radical movement and maintained the peace with neighboring Israel that got his predecessor killed . His government 's continued observance of the Camp David accords with Israel is the cornerstone of what peace has been achieved in the decades-long Arab-Israeli conflict . Following the revolt that toppled Tunisia 's longtime strongman , demonstrators in the streets of Cairo are standing up to riot police and chanting , "  Mubarak , Saudi Arabia is waiting for you . " Experienced observers say it 's the most most significant challenge to his rule yet . It 's far from clear , however , that the demonstrators have the support or the coordination to bring down the man critics have called Egypt 's last pharaoh . "  He 's been in power a very long time , and he is very wily , " said Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan . "  He 's developed all kinds of techiniques for dealing with opponents that have proven relatively successful . " But longtime observers of the region say the stability Mubarak has purchased has come at the cost of entrenched poverty and repression in the Arab world 's most populous nation . "  Egypt is a broken country , " Fawaz Gerges , a professor of Middle Eastern relations at the London School of Economics , told CNN . "  It used to be the jewel of the Middle East . It 's the capital of its cultural production . " But now , Gerges said , "  Egyptians have no outlets . They do n't feel that they have a sense of hope for the future . " Mubarak was a Soviet-trained pilot who was chief of staff of Egypt 's air force during the 1973 Mideast war . The early success of Egyptian pilots against Israel made him a national hero , and then-President Anwar Sadat made him vice president in 1975 . Six years later , Sadat died in a hail of gunfire at a military parade , killed by Islamic militants from within the army 's own ranks after he took the dramatic step of making peace with Israel . Upon assuming office , one of Mubarak 's first acts was to declare a state of emergency that allowed barred unauthorized assembly , restricted freedom of speech and allowed police to jail people indefinitely . He has made extensive use of those powers in the ensuing decades . The Egyptian army put down riots by disgruntled police officers in 1986 , and he threw an estimated 30,000 people in jail when jihadists carried out a string of attacks on tourists . "  He pretty much wiped them out , " Cole said . "  It 's not an accident that they were in Afghanistan instead of Egypt . " And the government has also penetrated opposition movements so thoroughly that "  If five people sit down to plot something , the fifth person writes a report to Hosni Mubarak about it , " he said . The result is "  a regime that has very little legitimacy , but presents itself as something there 's no point in trying to change , " said Nathan Brown , a professor of Middle Eastern politics at George Washington University in Washington . But Brown said the January 14 overthrow of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , who fled to Saudi Arabia after 23 years in power , has changed the thinking of many in the region . "  I think what the events in Tunisia did was take that sense that nothing could ever change and lead a few people to question it , " he said . Mubarak has headed off a similar movement before , in 2005 , when Egyptians mounted large-scale protests to demand fundamental and widespread reform . He intimidated the leaders of the officially banned but tolerated Muslim Brotherhood , harassed middle-class demonstrators and managed to pick off the leadership of those protests , Brown said . But the current movement "  has no real leadership , so it ca n't be decapitated the same way , " he said . "  If Mubarak decided tomorrow , ` I 'll sit down and engage with you , ' it 's not clear who that ` you ' is . " Mubarak won four terms as president in elections that were considered formalities . His fifth , in 2005 , was Egypt 's first multi-party presidential vote , but it was widely criticized as a "  sham , " Cole said . Meanwhile , the country 's economy stagnated for the first 20 years of his rule . Development has picked up in the past decade , fueled by a move away from state control and by billions in tourist dollars , but its gains have been "  very unevenly distributed . " About 40 percent of Egyptians currently live in poverty , Gerges said . The aging autocrat has escaped at least two assassination attempts , including a close call in 1995 when Islamic militants opened fire on his motorcade at a pan-African conference in Ethiopia . And in recent years , he has had several bouts of illness but has never picked a vice president . He is widely believed to have anointed his son Gamal as his successor , but no formal announcement has been made . In 2003 , he collapsed while delivering a televised speech to the Egyptian parliament -- returning later to blame his illness on the flu . He had back surgery in Germany in 2004 , returning in 2010 to have his gall bladder removed . He has largely withdrawn from public view in recent years and has not addressed his country during the current crisis , Brown said . His situation is being closely watched overseas , particularly in the United States . In the past decade , Egypt has been major player in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks , and it contributed troops to the U.S.-led coalition that drove Iraq out of Kuwait in 1991 . It gets about $ 1.3 billion in military aid from Washington every year , second only to Israel , and has received nearly $ 30 billion in economic aid since 1975 , according to State Department figures . But it opposed the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 -- and while sticking with Camp David , Egypt 's ties with Israel amount to a "  cold peace , " Cole said . President Barack Obama noted Thursday that Mubarak has been "  very helpful on a range of tough issues , " but he said he has pushed the Egyptian leader to take steps toward reform . "  You can see these pent-up frustrations that are being displayed on the streets , " Obama said . He urged the Egyptian government to avoid resorting to violence to put down the demonstrations , adding , "  I think it 's very important that people have mechanisms in order to express legitimate grievances . " Brown said Mubarak probably has to endorse some political form to survive . But he will have to do it "  extremely carefully , so it 's not seen as a desperate measure of last resort . " Cole said Mubarak could bow to one of the protesters ' demands and lift the state of emergency . "  Egypt does have a fairly liberal constitution and it does enshrine a lot of rights in it , " he said . "  But it 's just a piece of paper . It 's sidestepped by the emergency . " If lifted , "  The judges and the courts in Egypt are very feisty , and they will take on the government . " He could also hold a free and fair presidential election this year , "  but it 's asking a lot , " Cole said . But Gerges said the Middle East has seen "  the barrier of fear " removed since the events in Tunisia . "  Arabs really no longer feel terrified of the security apparatus , regardless of whether Mubarak remains or goes , " he said . "  We 're going to have a new era of politics . "	Hosni Mubarak has held power since 1981 A 30-year state of emergency has aided his rule He now faces widespread demonstrations after Tunisia 's revolt The uprising removed the "  barrier of fear , " one analyst says
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Saudi army lieutenant colonel died Tuesday during a training flight at a Spanish air base , the Spanish Defence Ministry said . The incident happened around 9:30 a.m.  3:30 a.m. ET  during a training flight aboard a Eurofighter Typhoon jet . A few minutes after takeoff , the plane hit the ground for unknown reasons , the Defense Ministry said . A Spanish pilot who was also on board ejected before the plane hit the ground , the ministry said . A special committee has been sent to the Moron Air Base in Seville to investigate , the Defense Ministry said . The Saudi pilot was at Moron to sign an agreement on Spanish-Saudi cooperation , which includes training for Saudi pilots on the Eurofighter , the ministry said . Saudi Arabia is one of the customers for the Eurofighter , which is manufactured by an international consortium of Britain 's BAE Systems , the German and Spanish arms of EADS , and Italy 's Alenia Aeronautica . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza in London , England , contributed to this report .	The Saudi army lieutenant colonel was on a training flight near Seville He was training on the Eurofighter Typhoon , which crashed after takeoff His Spanish co-pilot ejected before the crash and survived
CNN  -- In the second such incident in three days , fighter jets escorted a diverted commercial flight on Friday after an unruly passenger caused alarm onboard . The military sent up two F-16s in response to reports of an unruly passenger aboard AirTran Flight 39 , the North American Aerospace Defense Command said in a statement . The passenger had become belligerent and refused to leave the restroom , airline spokesman Tad Hutcheson told CNN on Friday . The passenger appeared to be intoxicated , he said . The flight , bound for San Francisco , California , left Atlanta , Georgia , at 9:48 a.m. ET , according to AirTran 's Web site . NORAD dispatched the fighters at 1:44 p.m. ET , escorting the aircraft to a safe emergency landing in Colorado Springs , Colorado , officials said . The passenger was detained there and FBI agents from Denver , Colorado , were called to question passengers , Hutcheson said . The other passengers were scheduled to continue their trip at 4:30 p.m. ET , he said . On Wednesday , NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland , Oregon , after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening , the federal complaint and supporting affidavit said Friday . The passenger , Joseph Hedlund Johnson , 56 , told the FBI he had n't intended to scare anyone with the note , which began , "  I thought I was going to die , " and referenced the television show "  Gilligan 's Island . "	NORAD : Two F-16s dispatched Friday on reports of unruly passenger aboard AirTran flight Passenger was belligerent , would n't leave bathroom , airline spokesman says Atlanta-to-San Francisco flight was diverted to Colorado Springs , Colorado Fighters escorted jet bound for Hawaii back to Oregon on Wednesday in similar scenario
CNN  CNN  -- Veteran DJ and TV personality Jimmy Savile , who entertained generations of British children on television and radio , has died at the age of 84 . Savile was one of the most recognizable figures in British showbiz from the 1960s to the 1980s , presenting shows on BBC TV and radio . He was the first host of the BBC 's hugely popular "  Top of the Pops " music show , and his own program , "  Jim 'll Fix It , " ran for almost 20 years . The show saw him helping to grant the wishes of hundreds of children , "  fixing it " for them to take part in episodes of their favorite TV shows , sing with chart-topping bands , and meet their heroes . In the most famous "  fix , " he arranged for an entire Cub Scout troop to eat their lunch on a roller-coaster as it sped around its track -- with predictably messy results . At the height of its popularity , the BBC says , "  Jim 'll Fix It " attracted up to 20,000 letters a week . A colorful character , Savile was as well known for his bright tracksuits , chunky jewelry and cigars as he was for his catchphrases : "  Now then , now then , " and "  How 's about that then ? " which were much copied by impressionists . Mark Thompson , Director-General of the BBC , said he was "  very sad " to hear of Savile 's death . "  From ` Top of the Pops ' to ` Jim 'll Fix It , ' Jimmy 's unique style entertained generations of BBC audiences . Like millions of viewers and listeners , we shall miss him greatly . " Savile was also well known for his fund-raising efforts , and ran several marathons for charity . He was awarded a knighthood for his charitable work . Savile 's body was found at his home in Leeds , northern England , on Saturday . Police were called to the scene , but said they were not treating his death as suspicious . UK media reports said he had recently been hospitalized suffering from pneumonia .	Jimmy Savile entertained generations of British children on TV and radio Best known for ` Top of the Pops ' and ` Jim 'll Fix It ' ` Jim 'll Fix It ' saw him grant wishes of children who wrote in to show Colorful character famous for chunky jewelry , tracksuits and cigars
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- After months of delays the trial of the lone surviving suspect in the Mumbai terror attacks finally got underway Friday . Soldiers patrol in Mumbai on the eve of the trial of a key suspect in last year 's attacks in the Indian city . Mohammad Ajmal Kasab is charged with 12 criminal counts including murder , attempted murder , and waging war against India . Police say he was caught on surveillance camera holding a gun as he stalked and killed people inside Mumbai 's main train station . Kasab is also accused of shooting down people at Mumbai 's Cama hospital . Kasab is one of 10 Pakistani nationals who police say reigned down terror on Mumbai , India 's financial capital , for four days and three nights . Police say the men gunned down more than 160 people in the attack as they took over three luxury hotels and a Jewish center and shot up several other places including a popular restaurant . Police say Kasab is the only suspected gunman caught alive . In his opening statements Prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam read from Kasab 's alleged confession about how he trained for the attack . Nikam said , "  The terror attack was in order to capture Kashmir . " Kashmir has long been a source of tension between India and Pakistan . The dispute over who owns the territory has resulted in wars between the two countries . It 's alleged Kasab and his cohorts traveled to India from Pakistan by boat for the sole purpose of attacking India . Late in the day Kasab 's newly appointed defense attorney Abbas Kazmi said Kasab was now retracting his statements , saying he confessed under police pressure . Kazmi also argued that Kasab was under age at the time of the attacks and should be tried in Juvenile Court , but Judge M.L. Tahilyani disagreed saying Kasab was older than 17 at the time of the attack . The prosecutor put Kasab 's age at 21 . The trial was supposed to get underway April 15 but in a stunning turn of events the original court appointed defense attorney for Kasab was dismissed from the case that day . Tahilyani removed lawyer Anjali Waghmare from the case saying she failed to disclose pertinent information to the court . The court said it was brought to its attention that Waghmare was listed as an attorney for a victim of the Mumbai attacks who was seeking compensation from the state . That victim also happens to be a witness against Kasab in this trial . In court Waghmare said she did not agree to take the victims case but had talked to him . She also said she was unaware that he was listed as a witness in Kasab 's trial . The next day the judge appointed Kazmi , who was in the court during the proceedings observing the trial as a member of the Indian Bar Association .	After months of delays trial of suspect in Mumbai terror attacks finally gets underway Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , is accused of being the only gunmen to survive siege The November siege targeted victims at Mumbai hotels , hospitals , railway stations
CNN  -- A Syrian general was gunned down in the heart of the capital on Saturday , according to state media , as fresh violence flared in several cities and world powers mulled a way to halt the government 's bloody offensive against civilians . An "  armed terrorist group " assassinated Brig. Gen. Issa al-Kholi , a military physician who was the director of Hamish Hospital , in front of his Damascus house Saturday morning , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . Three gunmen shot him to death , the media outlet said . The killing occurred "  In the framework of targeting the Syrian intellectuals and the medical and technical cadres , " SANA reported . "  A number of efficient , skilled and specialized national cadres were assassinated by armed terrorist groups , " said SANA , which cited the killings of a professor , a nuclear specialist , a teacher and a couple of engineers . Al-Kholi once headed the arthritis division at Tishreen Military Hospital and received medical training in Romania and Paris . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said al-Kholi is from a powerful Alawite military family and is a relative of Mohammed al-Kholi , the former head of air force intelligence under Hafez al-Assad , President Bashar al-Assad 's father and predecessor . The al-Assad family is Alawite , a minority in Sunni-dominated Syria that has a major presence in the military and government . Tabler said air force intelligence is a powerful unit that is in charge of missile systems and investigating military defections . Hafez al-Assad was in that military branch . Jeffrey White , a defense analyst also at the institute , told CNN that al-Kholi was not likely a senior officer or affiliated with a key regime unit . White said he believed the assassination was the first of a higher-ranking Syrian officer in the capital . The capital has not been engulfed with the same kind of daily violence other cities have during the 11-month Syrian uprising , but the killing and recent attacks in Damascus could be a sign that the resistance is spreading to the seats of power . Free Syrian Army Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamado said al-Kholi is "  definitely close to Bashar 's inner circle " and that his family has been close to both Bashar al-Assad and his father . The FSA is the anti-regime resistance group led by military defectors . The deputy head of the Free Syrian Army said the killing could have been carried out by the regime itself . The al-Assad regime "  is now assassinating and targeting anyone they suspect of joining the revolution or thinking of defecting . That may have been the case with General al-Kholi , " Col. Malek Al Kurdi told CNN . Al Kurdi claims the regime "  assassinated " the deputy head of the armed forces , Gen. Bassam Najm el-Din Antakiali , in September , even though state media reported that he died of an "  acute heart attack . " At least 30 people were killed in Syria on Saturday , including 12 in Homs , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Homs , located in the country 's west , is Syria 's third largest city . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group , put Saturday 's toll at 46 , 32 of them civilians . Over the past week , 687 people , including 59 children , have died , the LCC reported late Saturday . About two-thirds of those occurred in Homs . "  Today is the seventh day in a row we 're under shelling -- nonstop bombardment , " an activist named Omar said Saturday . He said government forces have surrounded the area with thousands of soldiers and dozens of tanks : "  Not the normal tanks . Big tanks . Russian tanks . " "  We just want from Assad to give us permission to move the injured baby -- they are just the babies , " Omar said , referring to al-Assad . "  They have to leave the area to have a good treatment . ... He do n't even let us save and treat our  injured  babies . " Unrest rippled in the south as five men in the southern province of Daraa were killed when a a tank attacked them in the town of Al Musefra , LCC activist Abu Oudai said . They were among 13 people killed in Daraa , where the government security crackdown and the nationwide uprising started in mid-March . Funerals were held , meanwhile , for 39 members of the Syrian army and law enforcement units . SANA said the officers were targeted while on duty near Damascus and in Homs . World leaders have tried to pass resolutions denouncing the regime 's bloody crackdown , but have been stymied by Russia and China in sending a unified message . Almost a week after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution intended to stop the killing , Saudi Arabia has drafted a similarly worded document -- but one that lacks the same punch . The Saudi draft resolution will be submitted to the U.N. General Assembly , where vetoes are not allowed , but resolutions are not legally binding . The three-page draft "  strongly condemns " the violations of human rights by Syrian authorities . It cites "  the use of force against civilians , arbitrary executions , killing and persecution of protesters , human rights defenders and journalists , arbitrary detention , enforced disappearances , interference with access to medical treatment , torture , sexual violence and ill-treatment , including against children . " The text was provided to CNN by a diplomatic source on the condition that it not be posted in full because it could be amended . The U.N. General Assembly will convene Monday . Both Russia and China , which have major trade ties with Syria , have said they support an end to the violence but disagreed with the text of the draft resolution they rejected last week . "  We do believe that , in order to stop violence , armed methods must be stopped not only by the government , but also by the opposition , " said Russia 's U.N. ambassador , Vitaly Churkin . "  That was the key flaw of the draft resolution . " CNN can not independently confirm details of the fighting in Syria because the government has severely limited the access of international journalists . But virtually all reports from within the country indicate al-Assad 's forces are slaughtering protesters and other civilians en masse . Opposition activists in Homs describe relentless bomb explosions from Syrian forces , wounded people bleeding to death in the streets because they ca n't get medical attention and snipers picking off civilians running for cover . U.N. officials estimate 6,000 people have died since protests seeking al-Assad 's ouster began nearly a year ago . The LCC says the toll has far exceeded 7,000 . Al-Assad 's regime has insisted its crackdown is aimed at armed gangs and foreign terrorists bent on destabilizing the regime . But U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford said the truth is obvious . "  We know who 's shelling Homs , " he said . "  It 's not the opposition , it 's the government . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Ivan Watson , Amir Ahmed , Joe Sterling , Richard Roth and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 700 have died in past week , opposition group says Slain Brig. Gen. Issa al-Kholi was a physician Free Syrian Army officer says the regime could have killed the general Violence rages in Homs , Daraa and the Damascus region
CNN  -- Back in February the worldwide union for professional footballers FIFPro , conducted a survey of thousands of players in Eastern and Southern Europe , detailing the true extent of match-fixing , racism and violence in European football . Just over nine percent of respondents in FIFPro 's Black Book survey reported examples of racism or other forms of discrimination , mainly caused by supporters  65.3 %  . The survey included the testimony of Dragisa Pejovic of FC Novi Pazar , who detailed what it was like to play football in Serbia . "  I have played for FC Borac Cacak for six years , " said Pejovic . "  In that time , there were always problems of violence and racism . "  I remember a game where fans of my team insulted my colleague from Zimbabwe , Mike Tamvanjera , because he is a black man . This was the first case of racism in Serbia and the racism is still present . " But it was n't just racism that Pejovic encountered . "  I do not know any professional player in Serbia who has been able to provide the most basic requirements for life , " added Pejovic . "  Football in Serbia is full of crime and criminals and I could not cope , nor fight , with them alone . "  The criminals in Serbian football always look after their own interests first and use all means to achieve their goals , while the players have to keep silent and suffer . " Fast forward to October and Serbia is facing more scrutiny after England 's Football Association reported "  a number of incidents of racism " to European governing body UEFA following the second-leg of an Under-21 Euro 2013 playoff match on Tuesday . Danny Rose , a midfielder on loan at English Premier League side Sunderland from Tottenham Hotspur , claims he was subjected to monkey chants before , during and after the match , while also alleging he had stones thrown at him by the crowd during the game . Rose was given a red card for kicking a ball into the stands after England scored a winning goal with the last kick of the match , sparking a mass brawl between both sets of players and staff . Genocidal war The Serbian Football Association painted a very different picture of events on Tuesday , saying it "  absolutely refuses and denies that there were any occurrences of racism before and during the match at the stadium in Krusevac " . However , that view was directly contradicted by the Serbian technical director Savo Milosevic who went into England 's dressing room after the game to apologize . "  I have a lot of friends in England , I played there , " referring to his spell playing for Aston Villa between 1995 and 1998 . "  I feel terrible about what happened because the people in England received us really well and I wanted to give them the same thing in Serbia . " UEFA has subsequently charged both the English and Serbia FAs following events in Krusevac . The Serbian FA has been charged with alleged racist chanting by fans , while both associations face charges overr the behavior of their players As the Serbian and English FAs jostled for the moral high ground , British Prime Minister David Cameron waded into the debate He called on UEFA to impose "  tough sanctions " on racism while sports minister Hugh Robertson has written to European governing body 's president Michel Platini following "  extreme provocation and racism " during Tuesday game . Over the last year English football has had to grapple with the fall out of racism cases involving Liverpool striker Luis Suarez and Chelsea defender John Terry , with English FA punishing both players . The difficulty for Serbia , as shown by Pejovic 's testimony , is that it has a history of racism not just at club level but also at international level , which Milosevic acknowledged , though he insisted that the problem "  is no more than in other European countries " . Five years ago , during another U-21 match between England and Serbia , the Balkan country was fined  # 16,000  $ 26,000  by UEFA for racial abuse directed at England defender Nedum Onouha . In February 2011 , Platini warned Serbia and its clubs that a ban on competing could be imposed if fans continued to cause trouble . "  It 's important to remember that Serbia has only just come out of a genocidal war and that as events on Tuesday unfolded in Belgrade , former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is on trial in The Hague , " said professor Clifford Stott , who has advised governments and police forces internationally on crowd management policy and practice , referring to Balkan wars between 1991 and 1999 . "  So we should n't be surprised these societal problems manifest themselves in football , " added Stott , who runs his own consultancy and training company Crowd and Conflict Management Ltd. . "  What we are seeing is a failure of various authorities to regulate behavior inside Serbian stadiums . "  Over the last two years UEFA has been trying to address the problem in Serbia . It is fully aware of the problems that exist there -- and working with the European Union Think Tank -- has been undertaking visits to Serbia to initiate reforms , but clearly these interventions have n't yet worked . "  What happened reflects a lack of proper regulation within the stadiums , and the effective management of crowds through legislation , policing , stewarding and also stadium licensing . " Heysel During the 1980s , UEFA banned English clubs from competing in its club competitions for a number of years after the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985 . The English Professional Footballers ' Association chairman Clarke Carlisle believes UEFA must impose a similar sanction on Serbia -- if the racism allegations are proven . "  UEFA should ban Serbia from international tournaments , " said Carlisle . "  I believe that this is what happened to England when violence and hooliganism came to the fore and that was what caused us to address the problem . "  It 's only a ban of this nature , which has these ramifications , that will cause Serbia as a football nation to address it . " Professor Stott also backed Carlisle 's call for UEFA to act decisively . "  I would argue that UEFA now need to impose an effective sanction , " said Stott , who is a visiting professor at Denmark 's Aarhus University . "  I would support calls to ban Serbia from international football and their clubs from European football if such racist activity occurs . "  Out of all the agencies that have influence -- the EU , the European Council , the Serbian government and FA , UEFA is the most powerful in these circumstances . "  Do n't forget this is ultimately about money and a ban in UEFA competitions will hit the Serbian Football Association and the clubs in the pocket . These international and European fixtures are key sources of revenue . " Ahead of the recent Euro 2012 tournament , Stott collaborated in the running of a Pan-European police training program to share best practice among the continent 's police forces . "  Lots of European countries were involved , but countries like Serbia , Croatia and Greece were not , " added Stott . Government intervention The academic urged the Serbian government and its football association to lead by example . "  The Serbian government has to make it an offence to actually monkey chant in a stadium . It is in the UK , but I 'm not convinced it will be in Serbia . If it 's not an offence the police can do nothing about it nor the FA even if they wanted to . "  At the same time the FA and the clubs need to create an environment of authority and governance to regulate behavior and expel those involved in it inside the stadiums . "  In the UK we have CCTV , seated stadia , ticket numbers to identify which seat someone is sitting , shared information agreements between police and clubs , effective stewarding , police steward frameworks of co-operation . "  That all comes back of the Taylor report , " added Stott , referring to Lord Taylor 's recommendation to improve stadium safety following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 . "  All of this stuff has to be in place to move the situation forward in Serbia . As you have seen the Serbian FA have simply denied it took place , and the idea of getting anti-racist legislation enacted in Serbia is almost surreal . " Milosevic accepted that action was needed from the Serbian government . "  The only difference I see is the actions of the governments in the respective countries . Some countries are more decisive and more powerful and they deal with it , " said the former Aston Villa striker . "  Unfortunately we have a lot of problems inside our country and our government right now . In the last 10-15 years we 've had other problems besides football supporters . " Additional reporting by CNN 's Tom McGowan	English FA launches racism complaint against Serbia following under-21 match England 's Danny Rose claims he was racially abused throughout Tuesday 's tie Serbian FA denies that there were any occurrences of racism English PFA chairman Clarke Carlisle calls for Serbia to be banned from international football
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- The training pitch is a dusty patch of ground used by the local police force as a car park , and the club house is located in a former women 's prison that held Winnie Mandela captive during the apartheid era . Two of the team 's players have been victims of "  corrective " rapes -- Soccer City , this is not . The facilities of the Johannesburg-based "  Chosen Few " lesbian football club could not be further from those of the glamorous teams that play in the 2010 World Cup , but the first such tournament to be held in Africa has proved inspirational to the members of this local squad . Ntombi "  Khampi " Futhi used to play defense for her side , but after South Africa 's "  Bafana Bafana " national team kicked off the opening game of soccer 's biggest event at the city 's new 90,000-seater arena a few miles away , she has turned her focus to netting goals . "  I watched many , many World Cup games . I 'm really enjoying it -LSB- and now -RSB- I want to be like Siphiwe Tshabalala -LSB- the scorer of South Africa 's sensational opening goal of the event -RSB- , " she told CNN . "  The way he ran through the ball and struck the shot ... I want to be like him , I want those skills -- I love that goal so much ! "  I asked that my team try me in the striking force in the last game we played , and I scored ! I was so happy . My teammate crossed the ball , I trapped it and took a shot and that was my goal . I was shocked . I shouted : "  I scored ! " It encouraged me to be a striker because now I want more goals . " Chosen Few , South Africa 's only openly gay female football team , was created in 2004 by the Forum for the Empowerment of Women  FEW  to fill a void for many of the passionate , soccer-loving women who attended their sessions but who had been expelled from their township teams because of their sexuality . Can soccer heal a scarred society ? From their base in what was the notorious Old Fort Prison -- a jail that incarcerated Mahatma Gandhi , Albert Luthuli , as well as Nelson and Winnie Mandela before it was converted for other uses -- the group is hoping to use sport as a tool to address the issues of homophobia by playing other women 's sides in the area . Chosen Few 's coach Dikeledi Sibanda , 27 , told CNN that soccer had helped to give her strength . "  I love football , it is the only thing that kept me going when I was being hurt by what was happening at home and in my community . Soccer is my life , " she said . Organizers hope that the all-lesbian team offers a safe haven for the players who previously suffered discrimination for being openly gay -- the worst manifestation of this being the "  corrective rape " of two of the squad members . Phindi Malaza , program coordinator of FEW , said that South African society had not always proved an easy place to live for those involved with the team . "  One of our players , Tumi Mkhuma , was attacked in her township . She was out with her friends and these boys followed her . They beat her up until she was unconscious and then they raped her , " Malaza said . From death row to defense : Soccer behind bars "  This happened in 2009 but the police have still been unable to find the guy . We 're hoping they will keep pursuing the case as she stills lives in fear it will happen again . " Sibanda added : "  They want to correct us , to show us what a man can do . They think that being a lesbian is immoral and uncultured . The corrective rapes are getting higher every day . " Pinkei Zulu , the 23-year-old captain of the side , said she had been affected by what had happened to her teammate . "  I do n't walk at night now and I do n't party unless it is a gay night . I walk hand-in-hand with my girlfriend , but we get called names . I just try to ignore them , " she said . History of the vuvuzela : Battle of the horn Though the past of the players -- who warm up by singing protests songs as they walk to training every Tuesday and Thursday -- may be troubled , the coming of the World Cup to South Africa means they have their thoughts firmly focused on the future . "  We played in a tournament recently where we lost in the final 3-2 . But after watching the World Cup I wish my team would play like Germany , Argentina and Brazil because they play as a collective , not as individuals , " Zulu said . Sibanda added : "  We are going to Germany to play in the Gay Games World Cup in July . In 2006 and 2008 we won bronze medals but in 2010 we will win gold . Bafana Bafana may not win the World Cup but we will win ours ! "	South Africa 's only openly gay female team formed by women expelled from township sides "  Chosen Few " club based in what was formerly a notorious Johannesburg prison Its players say they have been inspired by the World Cup being played in Africa Organizers hope the team offers a safe haven for players who have suffered discrimination
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry warned his Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov , on Saturday that "  Russia should not intervene in Ukraine under the guise of humanitarian convoys or any other pretext of ` peacekeeping , ' " according to a senior State Department official . Kerry urged "  all parties to work through international organizations " to provide humanitarian assistance in eastern Ukraine , the official said . In a separate call Saturday , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko agreed that any Russian action in Ukraine , even for purported "  humanitarian " purposes , without the formal , express consent and authorization of the Ukraine government would be "  unacceptable and a violation of international law , " according to the White House . Russia has denied allegations that it is supporting separatists in Ukraine and maintains it wants to see a diplomatic solution to the ongoing crisis there . But U.S. and Ukrainian officials have accused Russia of saying one thing while doing another : increasing troop levels along the border and continuing to send support to pro-Russian separatists . Pro-Russian separatists say ` fight to the death ' Despite claims by Ukrainian officials , the pro-Russian separtists hold firm that Ukrainian forces "  have never been able to take over the Donetsk districts " -- the hotbed of violence in eastern Ukraine . The self-proclaimed leader of the Donetsk people 's republic said on Saturday that pro-Russian separatists would consider a humanitarian cease-fire to bring aid to civilians but they are not ready to surrender their territory and would "  fight to the death . " "  We are ready for ceasefire to avoid escalation of the humanitarian disaster in Donbass , " Alexander Zakharchenko , prime minister of the self-styled Donetsk People 's Republic in a statement , said , referring to the populous region that includes Donetsk . Earlie this month , The United States and European Union increased economic sanctions on Moscow for supporting pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukraine government forces in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk , along the border with Russia . Ukraine : Rebel leader resigns ; militants shoot down fighter plane What is Putin 's endgame in Ukraine ? Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ?	Kerry and Lavrov discuss measures to "  prevent an impeding humanitarian catastrophe " Pro-Russian separatists to consider humanitarian cease-fire The ongoing fighting has killed close to 1,400 people -- civilians and combatants
CNN  -- California 's high court ruled Thursday that retailers do n't have the right to ask customers for their ZIP code while completing credit card transactions , saying that doing so violates a cardholders ' right to protect his or her personal information . Many retailers in California and nationwide now ask people to give their ZIP code , punching in that information and recording it . Yet California Supreme Court 's seven justices unanimously determined that this practice goes too far . The ruling , penned by Justice Carlos Moreno , overrules earlier decisions by trial and appeals courts in California . It points to a 1971 state law that prohibits businesses from asking credit cardholders for "  personal identification information " that could be used to track them down . While a ZIP code is n't a full address , the court 's judgment states that asking for it -- and piecing that 5-digit number together with other information , like a cardholder 's name -- "  would permit retailers to obtain indirectly what they are clearly prohibited from obtaining directly ,  therefore  ` end-running ' " the intent of California state laws . "  The legislature intended to provide robust consumer protections by prohibiting retailers from soliciting and recording information about the cardholder that is unnecessary to the credit card transaction , " the decision states . "  We hold that personal identification information ... includes the cardholder 's ZIP code . " Bill Dombrowski , president of the California Retailers Association , said it is "  ironic " that a practice aimed partly at protecting consumers from fraud is being taken away . "  We think it 's a terrible decision because it dramatically expands what personal information is , by including a ZIP code as part of an address , " Dombrowski said . "  We are surprised by it . " The court decision applies only in California , though it reflects a practice that is increasingly common elsewhere . It does not specify how or if all businesses that take credit cards , such as gas stations , would be affected -- though it does state that its objection is not over a retailer seeing a person 's ZIP code , but rather recording and using it for marketing purposes . The discussion began with a June 2008 class-action lawsuit filed initially by Jessica Pineda against home retailer Williams-Sonoma . In her suit , Pineda claimed that a cashier had asked for her ZIP code during a purchase -- information that was recorded and later used , along with her name , to figure out her home address . Williams-Sonoma did this tapping a database that it uses to market products to customers and sell its compiled consumer information to other businesses . Pineda contended the practice of asking for ZIP codes violates a person 's right to privacy , made illegal use of her personal information and gave a retailer , like Williams-Sonoma , an unfair competitive advantage . Williams-Sonoma claimed that a ZIP code does n't constitute "  personal identification information , " as stated in the 1971 state law . The state supreme court ruling , only addressing the "  identification information " issue , determined that a ZIP code should be protected , since the law specifically mentions protecting a cardholder 's address . The court concluded requesting a ZIP code is not much different than asking for a phone number or home address . It is not illegal in California for a retailer to see a person 's ZIP code or address , the ruling notes : For instance , one can request a customer 's driver 's license to verify his or her identity . What makes it wrong is when a business records that information , according to the ruling , especially when the practice is "  unnecessary to the sales transaction . " In reversing the Court of Appeals judgment , the supreme court remanded the case back to a lower court to order specific changes and policies "  consistent with this decision . "	California Supreme Court justices vote 7-0 to overturn two lower court decisions The decision finds that a ZIP code is protected "  personal identification information " The court objects to retailers using such info to track people down for marketing The head of a retailers association says , "  We think it 's a terrible decision "
CNN  -- A militia killed a ranger in a Democratic Republic of Congo park where authorities are trying to protect endangered gorillas threatened by civil war , the park said . Safari Kakule , a ranger at Virunga National Park , was killed Thursday in an attack by a militia , the park says . A Mai Mai militia attacked a ranger station in the Virunga National Park on Thursday night and killed ranger Safari Kakule , according to a news release from the park . Another ranger was wounded in the attack , and one of the rebels was captured , the statement said . The Mai Mai are community-based militias without specific political objectives , often involved in banditry and looting , the park statement said . "  It is not clear why the group attacked -LSB- the ranger station -RSB- but the attack went on for several hours during Thursday night and the rangers were heavily outnumbered , " the statement said . Seven rangers were at the station when the attack happened , according to the statement . That area of the park is home to an isolated population of 18 endangered Eastern Lowland gorillas . The park also is home to about 200 of the world 's estimated 700 mountain gorillas , the park has said . The Virunga park 's Web site said 15 additional rangers have been sent to the park , where they will be "  strengthening the position , which we can not abandon . " "  Because of the arrest that the rangers were able to make , we have several leads on the perpetrators of the attack , who will be brought to justice , " a statement on the Web site said . More than 100 rangers returned to the park 's gorilla sector late last year after hundreds of rangers fled the area in 2007 because of fighting involving ethnic Tutsi rebels , the Congolese army and militias . Rangers and scientists were out of contact with the park 's endangered gorillas for more than a year until rangers returned late last year , the park said .	One ranger killed , another injured in attack by militia , park says One attacker captured ; park says it does n't know why rangers were attacked Park in Democratic Republic of Congo is home to endangered gorillas Rangers are trying to protect gorillas threatened by civil war
CNN  -- Former Rutgers University student Dharun Ravi apparently tried to make amends with his estranged roommate Tyler Clementi after allegedly using a webcam to spy on Clementi 's sexual encounter with another man , according to text messages revealed in court Wednesday . Clementi committed suicide soon after the texts were sent . It is not clear if Clementi ever received the messages . "  I 've known you were gay and I have no problem with it , " read messages sent by Ravi , according to authorities . Ravi apparently sent the messages after he learned that Clementi had requested a room change . They were sent September 22 , 2010 , the same night Clementi took his own life by leaping from the George Washington Bridge , which spans the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey . Prosecutors have said Ravi and another student placed the camera in the dormitory room without Clementi 's knowledge to spy and humiliate him because he was gay . Ravi 's lawyer , Steve Altman , has said his client had switched on the webcam to monitor his personal items because he did not trust his roommate 's visitor . The man who Clementi was intimate with , identified only as M.B. , testified last week that after one encounter he "  could hear people talking in the courtyard . People joking , people laughing . " Ravi , 20 , now faces a 15-count indictment in Clementi 's death that includes charges of bias intimidation , invasion of privacy , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering and hindering apprehension or prosecution . His trial began last Friday . If convicted , he faces up to 10 years in prison . Last year , he turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Obama released a videotaped message condemning bullying .	Dharun Ravi apparently tried to make up with roommate , according to text messages Ravi apparently sent the messages to Tyler Clementi after learning he asked for a room change They were sent September 22 , 2010 , the same night that Clementi took his own life
CNN  -- The recent emergence in the United States of "  K2 , " sometimes called synthetic marijuana , is testing lawmakers to see if they 've been paying attention to the failures of marijuana prohibition and will respond to K2 with enlightened policy . The first stories on K2 , or "  Spice , " broke out with headlines labeling the mixture of herbs and spices , which are treated with a synthetic compound , as "  fake pot . " K2 was virtually unknown until the media hyped up its presence at tobacco and novelty shops . Under U.S. law , and in all 50 states , the herbal product is legal , and also unregulated . People who have tried K2 often report psychoactive effects that are comparable to marijuana , but notably less pleasurable . When lawmakers consider regulating K2 , they should keep in mind that the government has waged a futile war against marijuana and people who use the drug for decades . For another opinion , click here Elected officials have burned through billions of taxpayer dollars chasing marijuana sellers , bagging marijuana plants and jailing marijuana users . Government-funded media campaigns have sought to scare children and adults away from marijuana with grossly exaggerated claims that using the drug will lead to death and mayhem . Despite all of these efforts , the public has largely dismissed the myths and hysteria around marijuana and recognized that the drug has important medicinal benefits . Moreover , public opinion is leaning in favor of a regulated and taxed market for marijuana . Researchers who have tested K2 identified synthetic chemicals that are thought to mimic the psychoactive component in marijuana . These chemicals are thought to act on the cannabinoid receptors in the brain much the way that THC -- the principal psychoactive component in marijuana -- operates . What 's notable about these synthetic chemicals is that very little is known about them , and this legal alternative designed to deliver an experience like marijuana may actually carry more risk . Thus we have a supreme irony of drug prohibition : The government continues to criminalize marijuana -- a drug with established medical value that has undergone exhaustive study -- and entrepreneurs introduce a legal alternative to marijuana with ingredients scientists know little about . Given this potential for harm , and the growing volume of sensational media portrayals of K2 , some lawmakers have ignored the lessons learned from marijuana prohibition and moved to criminalize possession and sales of K2 . Lawmakers in Kansas , Kentucky and Missouri have already written legislation to ban the herbal mix . It seems that a reporter need only write an article about an obscure bag of twigs to spur a lawmaker to criminalize more chemicals and the people who use them . Time and time again , elected officials have dropped the ball when it comes to regulating drugs . Lawmakers have preferred to lazily pass the responsibility of controlling a drug on to law enforcement and the criminal justice system . The problem is , we know from marijuana prohibition that law enforcement has no control over the drug market and the criminals who run it . Criminalizing K2 will only worsen the devastating harm our society already suffers under drug prohibition . Rather than regulation of the supply and ingredients of K2 , criminalization leaves the question of what goes into the product up to drug dealers . Rather than passing regulations that bar K2 sales to minors , criminalizing K2 will essentially give dealers the green light to sell the product to whomever they please . By choosing to ban K2 outright , lawmakers will also forfeit badly needed state revenue from K2 sales and instead commit millions of taxpayer dollars to investigate , prosecute and jail K2 users . Plus , researchers point out that hundreds of other known synthetic chemicals will easily reach store shelves once K2 is banned . The sensible legislative response to K2 is to create effective regulatory controls on sale and possession . California and Maine have passed model legislation that formally regulates and taxes adult sales of salvia divinorium -- another product with psychoactive properties -- and criminalizes salvia sales to minors . Lawmakers should deliver a knockout to prohibition and pass laws that will actually regulate and control K2 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Grant Smith .	Grant Smith : "  K2 , " sometimes called synthetic marijuana , should be regulated for safety But , he says , lawmakers must not duplicate costly , futile war against marijuana Criminalizing the treated herbal mix K2 will turn trade over to drug dealers , Smith writes Smith : Regulating K2 generates revenue , saves millions on prosecution of users
CNN  -- A long-distance swimmer was attacked by a great white shark near the pier in Manhattan Beach , California , the Los Angeles County Fire Department said . A fisherman on the pier had hooked the 7-foot shark Saturday and was trying to reel in the struggling fish when the victim swam by , LAFD spokesman Rick Flores said . "  It was agitated and when the swimmer got close , it bit him , " Flores told CNN . The victim was part of a group of swimmers training in the waters near the pier . They did not see the shark until it was too late . The victim was bit in the torso , sustaining a wound Flores described as "  moderate . " "  The shark bit the swimmer and then released , " he said . The 40-year-old man is still in the hospital , Flores said Saturday evening . Bystanders captured the aftermath of the attack on cell phone video . CNN affiliate KTLA posted the video on its website . It shows a group of swimmers frantically trying to reach shore with the victim screaming loudly from the water and people on the pier urging him to hurry , yelling that the shark was still close by . All of the swimmers in the water made it to shore safely . The victim was treated by paramedics at the scene , then transported to a local hospital , according to LAFD 's Twitter feed . "  The male shark bit victim is reported to be in stable condition , " a tweet from the lifeguard division said . The fisherman had struggled to reel in the great white for up to 40 minutes before the attack happened . Then he cut the line and the shark swam away , Flores said . Police closed down the Manhattan Beach Pier after the incident . It will remain closed until Tuesday , according to a press release . Shark attacks are still pretty rare , but have increased at a steady rate since 1900 , "  with each decade having more attacks then the previous , " according to statistics from the International Shark Attack File based in Gainesville , Florida . ISAF says on its website that in 2013 there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans , actually the lowest number of global attacks since 2009 , when 67 attacks occurred . The research organization emphasized on its website that an increasing number of shark attacks does n't mean the rate of attacks is increasing . ISAF research shows people are spending more time at sea , which increases the interactions between humans and sharks . One-ton shark headed to Texas coast What devoured this great white shark ? Rare goblin shark was n't the only thing that surfaced CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	A great white shark bites a swimmer in waters off Manhattan Beach , California The 7-foot shark was struggling at the end of a fishing line The victim was bit in the torso , but managed to make it to shore
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Legendary pinup queen Bettie Page died of pneumonia at the age of 85 in a Los Angeles , California , hospital Thursday , a week after suffering a heart attack , according to her agent . Pinup queen Bettie Page was credited with helping to usher in the sexual revolution . "  She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , " said agent Mark Roesler in a written statement . "  She is the embodiment of beauty . " Page , said to be one of the most photographed people of the past century , became a recluse in recent decades . Yet , her images continued to be used around the world to market Bettie Page action figures , clothing lines and other merchandise . "  Her popularity as an underground , guilty pleasures phenomenon has continued to soar despite the fact that the reclusive Page disappeared almost a half century ago , leading many to believe that one of the most photographed individuals of the 20th century was already dead . " Roesler said . The Web site , BettiePage.com , logs about 20 million hits a month , Roesler said . A TVGuide.com poll recently placed Bettie Page as the "  ultimate sex goddess , " outscoring others such as Marilyn Monroe . iReport.com : Share your trubutes to Bettie Page Page was born to a poor family in Tennessee on April 22 , 1923 . While her birth certificate spelled her name "  Betty , " she changed the spelling later in life to "  Bettie . " At a time when few women pursued a college education , Page earned a bachelor of arts degree in education from Peabody College in Tennessee in 1944 , according to her official biography . Her teaching career , however , was hampered by her looks , she said . "  I could n't control my students , especially the boys , " she is quoted as saying . After her modeling career ended , Page returned to Peabody College to work on a master 's degree , the bio said . Her Southern drawl and a refusal to sleep with a Hollywood producer hampered her acting career , according to her bio . "  I did n't like his looks , " Page said . "  I would n't have gone to bed with him anyway . He was a creep . He drove off in his big car and scolded me , ` You 'll be sorry . ' I was n't . " Page said she regretted not accepting studio boss Jack Warner 's offer of another screen-test , but it came while she was trying to save her marriage to her first husband , Billy Neal . Her modeling breakthrough began after she divorced Neal in 1947 when she met a police officer whose hobby was photography . He suggested the black bangs , which became her trademark , her bio said . Not long after , her images were everywhere , gracing magazine covers and locker pin-ups . Page wore nothing but a Santa hat in Playboy 's January 1955 centerfold . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said her appearance in his magazine 's first year was a milestone . "  She became , in time , an American icon , her winning smile and effervescent personality apparent in every pose , " Hefner said . "  A kinky connection was added by Irving Klaw 's spanking , fetish and bondage photos , which became part of the Bettie Page mystique , " Hefner said . "  They were playful parodies that are now perceived as the early inspiration for Madonna 's excursions into the realm of sexual perversion . " Perhaps the most memorable photos of Page were her bondage poses , which she said were all pretend . "  I never understood how anyone believed those poses were sexy , " she later said . "  To be tied up ? I do n't get it . " "  She was a remarkable woman , truly someone that changed the social norms , not only here in this country , but also around the world , " Roesler said . "  While Jackie Robinson was changing the racial attitudes , Bettie Page was changing our attitudes on sex . She became a James Dean type of ` rebel ' figure as she allowed people to be less inhibited and look at sex in a different way . " Saucy photos of Paige in skimpy clothing or none at all helped to lead the way for the sexual revolution of the 1960s . Page suddenly disappeared from the scene in 1958 . It was only decades later revealed that she re-emerged to explain that she underwent a religious conversion and moved to Florida . Her life took a dark turn starting in 1978 after her third marriage failed , Roesler said . Page went through "  some mental instability , violent mood swings , and serious trouble with the law " and was eventually diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic , according to her bio . Page reappeared in public in December 2003 for Playboy 's 50th anniversary party , where she made a grand entrance with Anna Nicole Smith . It was the only time in the past 50 years that Page allowed her photograph to be taken , Roesler said . A private funeral service is planned for Tuesday . Page will buried at Westwood Cemetery in Los Angeles , just a few feet away from Monroe .	Pinup beauty Bettie Page dies at hospital a week after suffering heart attack Page graced magazine covers in 1950s , helped to usher in sexual revolution Page became recluse in recent years , reappeared in public in December 2003
CNN  -- Clashes near the northern Malian town of Kidal between government forces and Tuareg rebel armed groups have left eight Malian soldiers dead and 25 others injured , according to the country 's Defense Ministry , the state-run newspaper , L'Essor National , reported Sunday . There were also 28 dead and 62 wounded on the Tuareg side , the ministry said , according to L'Essor National . The government issued a statement Saturday saying Tuareg rebels from the Azawad National Liberation Movement , joined by jihadists , attacked government buildings . The Azawad National Liberation Movement -- known as the MNLA , the initials for its name in French -- is fighting for independence for the northern part of Mali , a region that it refers to as Azawad . The MNLA issued a statement about the violence , describing it as self-defense and resistance . The group claimed it took 30 prisoners , including 24 soldiers and three regional government officials . Two wounded Malian soldiers were handed over to the International Committee of the Red Cross , the MNLA added . The United Nations Mission in Mali condemned the clashes and said they violated the preliminary accords designed to bring peace and security in the northern regions , including in Kidal . French soldier killed in fight against militants in Mali	Government forces clash with Tuareg rebels , state-run paper reports The clashes end with 8 Malian soldiers ' deaths ; 28 Tuareg rebels died , paper says Government says buildings attacked by Azawad National Liberation Movement
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu launched a major review of the country 's defense strategy on Wednesday , as the embattled regional power tries to adapt to a post-Arab Spring world . Netanyahu took the rare step of summoning the entire Cabinet to discuss the new five-year strategy , his office said . "  We must be ready for the changing threats that are being directed at the State of Israel , " he told ministers as the meeting began , according to the statement from his office . "  We must see to it that the security which Israelis have enjoyed over past three-and-a-half years continues under the changing conditions . " The toppling of Egypt 's long-time President Hosni Mubarak last year destabilized Israel 's southern border , while the civil war in Syria could affect its northern frontier . Egypt has been struggling to clamp down on militants in the Sinai desert , which borders Israel . An increased defense budget is needed to counter new threats all around the country , a former Israel Defense Forces deputy chief of staff said Wednesday . "  The Muslim Brotherhood is forming a ring around Israel , out of Sinai and other places so with all this we need more money for the home front , " said the retired officer , Uzi Dayan . If the Sinai is not demilitarized , it becomes a new front , Dayan said . Syria could become a Sunni Muslim state if secular dictator Bashar al-Assad is forced out , he added . "  If ... weapons from there get into the hands of terror organizations , this is a threat , " he said , as is the ongoing possibility of missiles from Lebanon and Gaza . "  In the long run the Americans are leaving Iraq , leaving Afghanistan , so there is new pressure from the east . So these are the new threats -- not to mention the main threat posed by Iran , " he said . The government review will affect the defense budget starting next year , Netanyahu said . It is not expected to be completed in a single day , he added .	PM Benjamin Netanyahu launches a rare full-Cabinet review of defense spending The move comes after the Arab Spring upended stability all around Israel Israel is concerned about the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood , a former top officer says
CNN  -- Murder charges against an elderly woman with dementia were dropped in New Jersey Superior Court on Monday after evaluations by multiple doctors and experts determined that she was not fit to stand trial . Judge Terrence Cook dismissed the charges against Fredricka Rosa , 78 , in Burlington Superior Court . She was charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting her husband , Valpa C. Rosa , in July 2012 . She was also charged with unlawful possession of a weapon , according to court documents . Rosa was diagnosed with dementia four years ago . After Rosa was arrested , she underwent three evaluations by state and defense experts , who deemed her not competent to stand trial due to her dementia . Three doctors were also consulted and came to the same conclusion , said Burlington County Deputy Public Defender Cedric Edwards . The Burlington County prosecutor 's office did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . "  I think that 's appropriate  that charges have been dropped  , " Edwards told CNN , noting that Rosa 's dementia had progressed so far that she seemed unaware of why she was in court . "  I 'm not even sure she knows her husband is dead . After the hearing , she wanted to know where her husband was , " Edwards said . Rosa reportedly shot her husband with his own gun . He had four guns -- two handguns and two shotguns -- that he kept in the house for personal protection , according to her daughter , Rosetta . She said her father obtained gun locks but never used them . While it is unclear what Fredricka Rosa 's motive was , Edwards believes it may have been connected to abuse that Valpa Rosa reportedly inflicted on his family . "  I get the feeling that they felt the father was overbearing and abusive towards the mother and towards  their children  , " Edwards said . Rosetta Rosa said that her father was physically violent and that he had served jail time for sexually abusing her older sister , who is now deceased . She feels her mother shot her father as a result of her dementia "  flaring up " due to his verbal and physical abuse . She was at the hearing with her mother when charges were dropped , calling the dismissal a "  huge relief . " "  Ninety-five percent of the nightmare 's over . I was scared they were going to take my mother , " Rosetta said . "  I 'm just glad I did n't have to lose both my parents . " CNN 's Chris Boyette and Sho Wills contributed to this report .	A judge dropped murder charges against Fredricka Rosa , 78 , in her husband 's death She had been diagnosed with dementia and was deemed unfit to stand trial She is believed to have used one of four guns that were kept in the home
CNN  -- Ever since he was a young boy , Kenyan artist Cyrus Kabiru has envisaged breathing new life into his surroundings . "  When I woke up every morning , the first thing I 'd see was trash , " recalls Kabiru , whose childhood home faced a garbage heap where all of Nairobi 's waste was dumped . "  I used to say to my dad that when I grow up , I want to give trash a second chance . " And that 's exactly what he went on to do . A self-taught sculptor and painter , Kabiru is crafting visually striking artworks from abandoned refuse he collects from the streets of the Kenyan capital . The talented artist is best known for his "  C-Stunners , " a series of eye-catching handmade spectacles . In Kabiru 's hands , cast-aside bolts , wires , spoons and bottle tops gain a new lease of life as vital components of whimsical pieces of art . Stripped of their original value , the recycled materials are transformed into steampunk , one-of-a-kind creations that transcend traditional forms and challenge stereotypes . "  I do n't see trash as waste , " says Kabiru . "  I just see the trash as a chance for creativity . " Early struggles The resourceful artist 's fascination with glasses started at a very young age , inside the small two-bedroom house he shared with his parents and five siblings . He wanted to have a pair of his own spectacles , but his glasses-wearing father refused to give him his or get him any new ones . Back in the 1960s , Kabiru 's father was beaten by his mother after accidentally destroying a pair of expensive glasses she 'd bought him . That incident stayed with Kabiru 's father , who told his young son that if he wanted to have eyewear , he should make it himself . Read this : 3D cartoon sees Kenya 's politicians battle like ` Transformers ' Kabiru took his father 's words to heart . Soon after , he started crafting his own frames using cutlery , plastic and any other materials he could find in his house . Uninterested in studying , Kabiru would stay up at nights to sculpt and paint ; at school , he 'd use his creations to barter with his classmates . "  I never did exams , I never did homework , " explains Kabiru . "  I used to exchange : ` you 'll do my homework , I 'll give you my artwork , you 'll do my exam , I 'll give you my artwork , ' so that 's how I survived in school . " After finishing high school , Kabiru 's father wanted him to study electronic engineering , like most members of his family . Kabiru , however , had no desire to study . His rebellious attitude , coupled with his refusal to adhere to any norms , did n't go down well with his family or community . "  I grew up being a bad example , " says Kabiru . "  Grownups used to tell their kids , ` you need to work hard or you 'll be end up like Cyrus . ' " International recognition Without any support from his family , Kabiru took his artwork and moved from his house to embark on his artistic journey . He rented a studio where , apart from his arresting spectacles , he started working on colorful and satirical paintings , as well as sculptures -- all made of recycled materials collected while roaming the streets of Nairobi . "  I love nature , " says Kabiru . "  I walk every day , I ca n't survive without walking , " he adds . "  I do n't know how to sit idle . " Today , Kabiru 's remarkable creations and commitment to the environment are increasingly earning him international recognition . He 's been invited to speak at major events such as the TED2013 conference in California and Milan Fashion Week , while his work has been featured in many shows across the world . Read this : Boy 's flashy invention scares off lions Closer to home , Kabiru says things are changing as well -- his perseverance and hard work have now turned him into a "  good example " for youth in his community . Earlier this year , Kabiru 's father also visited his studio for the first time and was amazed by his son 's work . " -LSB- It made me -RSB- very proud , " says Kabiru . "  They are now understanding me , so I 'm very happy . " "  Selling poverty " It 's been an arduous journey for the soft-spoken artist , now in his 20s . "  It 's hard to be an artist in Kenya , " he admits . But Kabiru does n't want to dwell on the struggles of the past or the problems he 's currently facing . Too many Kenyan and African artists , he says , are interested in "  selling poverty instead of creativity . " "  You get people saying , ' I grew up in the Kibera slum , I grew up in this place and this place , buy my art , ' " says Kabiru . "  I want to change that -- not telling people about my problems , the poverty , " he adds . "  I think it 's good to sell the creativity you have done , telling people you have this place -LSB- so they can come -RSB- to buy your work and see your ideas . " Promoting art When he 's not crafting compelling artwork in his studio , or scouring the streets for materials , Kabiru is visiting rural communities in Kenya as part of his "  Outreach " initiative , aimed at encouraging creativity and raising awareness about ecological issues in his country . In these areas , he holds workshops and teaches people how to create art with the materials surrounding them in an environmentally friendly way . He says he targets older generations because they are the ones who can have an impact in their communities . "  If I teach grandmothers something about deforestation or taking care of nature , it 's easier for grandmothers to teach their children , " he says . And even though Kabiru 's art is winning more and more admirers of all ages both home and abroad , there 's still one older person who needs convincing . "  My grandmother is , up to now , keep looking for a good job for me , " says Kabiru . "  When you visit my grandmother , she asks you whether you work , " he adds . "  If you say you 're working , she 'll ask you whether you can get an extra job for me . "	Cyrus Kabiru is a Kenyan self-taught sculptor and painter He crafts artworks from found objects he collects in the streets of Nairobi He is best known for his series of eye-catching handmade spectacles Kabiru has been invited to speak at TED2013 conference and has shown his work around the world
The United States is on the verge of an energy renaissance . We need to recognize and seize the opportunity . This renaissance involves domestic production of natural resources ranging from clean renewables to hydrocarbons . In particular , domestic hydrocarbon production -- both oil and gas -- is increasing dramatically , with some experts predicting that the United States could become the largest hydrocarbon producer in the word -- outstripping Saudi Arabia and Russia -- by 2020 . Increased domestic production of hydrocarbons is driven by two trends . First , new technology is unlocking unconventional resources such as shale-derived oil and gas . And second , investors and policy makers are recognizing that the U.S. still has an enormous resource base of conventional oil and gas , particularly in Alaska . Opinion : Why we should look to the Arctic Federal agencies estimate that Alaska 's North Slope and federal waters off Alaska 's northern coast contain approximately 40 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil and more than 200 trillion cubic feet of conventional gas . According to the U.S. Geological Survey , this region contains more oil than any comparable region located in the Arctic , including northern Russia . However , the United States is lagging behind its Arctic neighbors in developing these resources . This is unfortunate , because we have some of the highest environmental standards in the world and we should be setting the bar for Arctic development . Developing our Arctic resources will promote our nation 's interests in many ways : securing a politically stable , long-term supply of domestic energy ; boosting U.S. economic growth and jobs ; reducing the federal trade deficit ; and strengthening our global leadership on energy issues . Leading academic researchers and economists in Alaska have estimated that oil production from Alaska 's outer continental shelf will bring federal revenues of approximately $ 167 billion over 50 years , and create 55,000 jobs throughout the country . Developing U.S. resources in the Arctic has the added benefit of enhancing global environmental protection . One of the arguments used by Arctic drilling opponents is that "  we are n't ready , " but it is obvious that no matter what preparations are made , they will argue that it is n't enough . Shell , for example , has spent billions to prepare for drilling in the Arctic this summer , incorporating the lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico , state-of-the-art equipment and extensive scientific research . Recently , the Obama administration has publically expressed its confidence in the company 's drilling plans . The U.S. has created some of the highest standards in the world for environmental protection . When we delay or disallow responsible resource development , the end result is not to protect the environment , but to drive hydrocarbon investment and production to countries with much lower environmental standards and enforcement capacity . Last year , it was reported that between 5 million and 20 million tons of oil leak in Russia per year . This is equivalent to a Deepwater Horizon blowout about every two months . Russia had an estimated 18,000 oil pipeline ruptures in 2010 -- the figure for the U.S. that year was 341 . If we do not pursue responsible development in the Arctic , countries such as Russia -- perhaps even China , which is interested in securing access to Arctic hydrocarbon resources -- will dominate energy production from the Arctic . Such a scenario does not bode well for the global environment . By embracing the opportunities in the Arctic , the United States will show the world that it can be a strong leader in responsible energy development .	Estimates are that Alaska has about 40 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil Dan Sullivan : The U.S. is on the verge of an energy renaissance ; we must seize the opportunity He says we have some of the highest standards in the world for environmental protection Sullivan : If we do not pursue responsible development in the Arctic , other countries will
CNN  All 11 service members aboard an Army Black Hawk helicopter that crashed in waters off the Florida Panhandle two days ago are believed dead , and the operation has transitioned from rescue to recovery , an Air Force official said Thursday . The military is now focused on recovering the helicopter , which searchers found at the bottom of the Santa Rosa Sound near Eglin Air Force Base , and the bodies of all seven Marines and four Louisiana Army National Guard members who were aboard , Air Force Col. Monte Cannon said . Also ahead : Trying to determine why the aircraft went down in thick fog during a training mission Tuesday , Cannon said . "  The decision to suspend is always difficult , " said Layne Carter , search and rescue mission coordinator of the U.S. Coast Guard . "  With heavy hearts , we have decided to suspend active search and rescue operations . Our thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of the members involved in this tragedy . " The bodies of at least two National Guard members were recovered Thursday , and the remains of the other two were believed to be in the underwater wreckage 25 feet below the surface , the Guard said . The troops were with 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion from Hammond , Louisiana , according to a statement from the Louisiana National Guard . The military had previously said that some remains had washed ashore Wednesday . Military officials declined to say Thursday how many bodies still were missing , and they did not release the names of the service members involved in the crash . Two Black Hawk helicopters were training near Eglin in heavy fog when one of them went down in the sound -- a narrow body of water between mainland northern Florida and a barrier island -- about 8:30 p.m. Tuesday , the military has said . A couple of military boats already were in the water for safety purposes as part of the exercise , but "  nobody saw anything because of the dense fog , " said Mark Giuliano , chief of the Eglin Air Force Base 's fire department . "  People said they heard a loud bang , and that was it , " Giuliano said Thursday . The second Black Hawk -- which , like the first , was assigned to the 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion based in Hammond , Louisiana -- safely returned to the base , some 40 miles east of Pensacola . "  Whatever the trouble was with the one aircraft , it did not involve the second helicopter that was participating in the exercise , " Eglin spokesman Andy Bourland said earlier this week . Giuliano said his fire department , which has a unit on Santa Rosa Island near the crash site , was called to help at about 10 p.m. Tuesday , roughly 90 minutes after the crash . The military boats that were part of the mission already had been searching for survivors and wreckage , he said . Investigators from the Army and the Marines will try to determine what caused the wreck , Cannon said Thursday . Military officials have said it 's too early to know whether the fog contributed to the crash . The 11 service members , all men , were involved in a seven-day training exercise of amphibious operations , said Capt. Barry Morris , a spokesman for the U.S. Marines Corps Special Operations Command . It involved small boats , and inserting and extracting Marines from the water via helicopter . Morris would not say which phase of the training the Marines were in Tuesday night . The seven Marines were with a Marine Special Operations regiment out of Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . The initial search was hampered by dense fog , to the point that searchers on boats "  could not see , " Giuliano said . On Wednesday morning , after searchers got a sonar hit , a diver found the bulk of the wreck at the bottom of the sound , Giuliano said . Divers then went into the water "  to start retrieving the aircrew , " Giuliano said , without specifying how many bodies were recovered . The helicopter had broken into several pieces in a "  high-impact crash , " he said . The Coast Guard has hired a salvage company from Mobile , Alabama , to take the wreckage from the water , but that company might not arrive until Thursday evening , and weather conditions may delay the recovery until Friday , Giuliano said . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , expressed his condolences on Wednesday . He said the crash was "  a reminder to us that those who serve put themselves at risk , both in training and in combat . " "  We will work with the services to ensure that ... their family members will be well cared for . " A Marine died Wednesday when a T-59 Hawk , an aircraft operated by a civilian contractor , crashed at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma , Arizona . The aircraft hit a government vehicle , killing the Marine . The pilot and passenger of the plane were examined and released by emergency services . CNN 's John Newsome , Brian Carberry , Victor Blackwell , Jamie Crawford and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Guardsmen aboard were based in Louisiana Four National Guard aircrew members and seven Marines were aboard the helicopter Crash happened Tuesday in foggy conditions , which hampered initial search
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- "  Freedom ! " That word , yelled out in Arabic , reverberated Friday along the banks of the Nile River in Cairo -- as well as in the port city of Alexandria , near the canal in Suez , and other pockets of Egypt . Many demonstrators voicing their desire for a new government and new political future remained on the streets well into Saturday morning , defying a curfew and revelling in a historic day in a nation whose history dates back millennia . By early Saturday , police were nowhere to be seen in the capital of Cairo , with military forces deployed on streets all around the nation for the first time in more than three decades . They were ordered out by President Hosni Mubarak , whom many demonstrators were urging to step down or , at least , institute dramatic economic and political reforms . "  We want  Mubarek  to leave , " said Ahmed , whose last name was withheld to protect his identity . "  His time is over , " the 19-year-old law student said early Saturday from Raml Square in central Alexandria . Mubarak has been in power for 30 years , during which time Egypt has established itself as one of the most important powers in the region and a strong ally of the United States . At the same time , the long-time ruler and his regime had a reputation for restricting freedoms and staunchly holding onto power . Resistance in the past had often been stifled by either political manuevering or the police , members of which were out in full force this week . But rarely have they met an opposition force as large , or as apparently determined . "  Police have always been violent , but we have n't seen it this way , " Sarah Sirgany , a reporter for Daily News Egypt who has been posting regular developments on Twitter , told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  We have n't seen this many people on the streets at the same time . " Video footage from Friday showed throngs of protesters charging down a bridge over the Nile River in Cairo , overrunning police trucks that fired off tear gas with minimal effect . Elsewhere , demonstrators torched and ransacked the headquarters of Mubarak 's ruling National Democratic Party . When protesters circled the Ministry of Information in Cairo on Friday , they were greeted by police , who responded with sharp cracks of gunfire . It 's not clear whether police shot at protesters or into the air , whether their bullets were rubber or steel , whether anyone was wounded or killed . There were many other reports of run-ins , and the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights reporting early Friday that the government had arrested more than 1,000 people , including political opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei . Mohammed Mansour , a resident of the Shubra neighborhood of Cairo , said that he and fellow demonstrators had been "  beaten and assaulted by police " since Monday , when the popular unrest began . Continuing to fight Friday , he said that his group had beaten back police , who retreated . Later he claimed , protesters set fire to three police stations and about 20 police cars . "  We went out today and we were ready to die , so our children can live in dignity , " said Mansour . Protesters ' interactions with Egypt 's military -- members of an army that is widely respected in Egypt -- were far more friendly . In Cairo and Alexandria , many protesters greeted troops with embraces and cheers , some even shaking hands with soldiers . Mansour , the Cairo resident , said he and fellow demonstrators celebrated when they saw troops roll into town , and they were not alone . "  It means we are victorious , " he said . "  If the army comes out , that means the government ... is no longer in control . " In the wee hours of Saturday , with the curfew ostensibly in effect , people continued to come up to friendly army troops , greeting them and posing for pictures by tanks . Some military personnel were stationed outside burned out police stations , but did little to prevent people from going into them and coming out with chairs , tables and various valuables . The army was n't the only side exercising restraint . The Muslim Brotherhood sent its followers onto the streets after Friday prayers , the first time Egypt 's large and venerable -- but illegal -- Islamic opposition called for protest during this round of demonstrations . And when younger Muslim Brotherhood protesters seemed ready to hurl rocks at the police in Alexandria , Egypt 's second-largest city , older men put their arms around their shoulders , calming them down . Just after midnight Saturday , Mubarak gave a speech defending and explaining the government 's response to the protests while saying that he 'd soon form a new government mindful of the demonstrators ' demands for policy changes . Still that did n't appease many on the streets , who vowed to continue demonstrating again against what they felt was an unjust ruling government that needed a fresh start -- without Mubarak . "  We are one of the richest Arab countries , and we want to live , " said a 20-year-old student named Mohammed , whose last name was withheld to protect his identity , from Alexandria . "  Let a new government form , but if we do n't get what we ask for , we will go back to the streets again and again . " Another protester in Alexandria , an 18-year-old taxi driver named Yousef , did n't even think the entrenched Egyptian ruler deserved even that much of a chance . He said Egyptians should press on with their protests , following the lead of their fellow African nation Tunisia . There , President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali left the country after 23 years in power following weeks of demonstrations against his rule . The new government , under Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi , announced new freedoms and promised to institute numerous democratic-minded reforms . "  They kept protesting until he fled the country , " Yousef said of Tunisia . "  We will do more and more , we will continue our demonstrations , and we will do 3,000 times more of what the Tunisians did . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Saad Abedine , Ben Wedeman in Cairo and Nic Robertson in Alexandria contributed to this report .	NEW : A protester in Alexandria says President Mubarak 's "  time is over " NEW : Video footage shows demonstrators overruning police on a Nile River bridge NEW : A protester in Cairo says : "  We 'll do 3,000 more than what the Tunisians did " Protesters greet military troops on the streets with hugs and handshakes
CNN  -- Days before Russia hosts the world for the Winter Olympics , authorities have acted to punish those they say violated a ban on "  gay propaganda , " a prohibition derided by activists and defended by conservatives , who say it protects young people . Those penalized include Lena Klimova , the creator of an online support group for Russia 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender teens , state-run RIA Novosti reported Friday . According to the news agency , the support group features posts from gay teens about dealing with homophobia and trying to gain acceptance in Russia Activists said Klimova , who set up the Children-404 group on the social networking website Vkontakte , faces a fine of up to 100,000 rubles  about $ 2,850 U.S.  , after an ultraconservative lawmaker urged authorities to look into the site . Vitaly Milonov , who helped lead the push to enact the legislation , told RIA Novosti he made the request believing the group spurs teenagers to question their sexuality . "  Without such groups , no kids like that would exist , " Milonov said . Passed last summer , the "  gay propaganda " law makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . It has been widely criticized not only by LGBT advocates but also by Western leaders , who have called it archaic and discriminatory . RIA Novosti called Klimova 's case the fifth related to the "  gay propaganda " law since it has been enacted . Another case reported by the same agency on Thursday ended with the editor-in-chief of Molodoi Dalnevostochnik newspaper , in Russia 's far eastern Khabarovsk region , being fined 50,000 rubles . Alexander Suturin was punished for a September article about a geography teacher and gay rights activist who said he was pressured into quitting his job and assaulted by neo-Nazis because of his sexuality , according to a RIA Novosti report . Suturin denied during his trial that this story was propaganda and vowed to appeal . These two incidents come about 10 days after Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he had not "  heard that this law " -- meaning the "  gay propaganda " prohibition -- "  was applied in practice . " "  There are many talks , but no application of the law , practical application , " Medvedev said , adding that much of the criticism has come from outside Russia . "  So , I believe that this has nothing in common with the real situation in our country . " Days earlier , on January 17 , Russian President Vladimir Putin defended a law that he said was about protecting children , not about banning homosexuality . Putin : Gays ` can feel safe ' at Sochi Winter Olympics "  We have just recently passed a law prohibiting propaganda , and not of homosexuality , but of homosexuality and child abuse , child sexual abuse . But this has nothing to do with persecuting individuals for their sexual orientation , " he told reporters . "  So , there is no danger for people of such nontraditional sexual orientation who are planning to come to the games as guests or participants . " The scrutiny over the law comes at a time when Russia is under the spotlight as host of the upcoming Winter Olympics . They start February 7 in the Black Sea city of Sochi .	The founder of an online support group for gay teens is fined , state news reports So is an editor whose paper published a story on a teacher and gay activist Both punishments relate to a Russia 's controversial law barring "  gay propaganda " Critics call the law archaic ; Russia 's President says it protects children
EW.com  -- Colombia 's most popular  legal  export is always at her best when you can see her -- the magic of those whirligig hips has been turning Spanglish jingles like " Whenever , Wherever " and " She Wolf " into video hits for a decade . And Shakira clearly knows it . ` Boardwalk Empire ' showrunner explains shocking finale , talks season 3 On the "  Live from Paris " combo-pack album/DVD , she writhes and dry-humps through her catalog like the world 's - highest-paid strip-aerobics instructor , showing off plenty of skin -- but sadly , not much musicianship . C + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Shakira 's hips have turned Spanglish jingles into video hits for a decade . " Whenever , Wherever " and " She Wolf " are two of the artist 's popular videos The "  Live from Paris " combo-pack album/DVD features plenty of skin , little musicianship
They 'd just finished their middle school exams and were heading home to Kobani , Syria . But rather than relief and celebration , scores of Syrian Kurdish children say they endured torture and humiliation -- at the hands of ISIS . Human Rights Watch , an international advocacy organization , reported the allegations Tuesday based on interviews with four boys who said they were held by the Islamist extremist group for months . While CNN could not independently verify the claims , there certainly is precedent . International authorities , witnesses and people in the middle of yearslong strife in Syria and Iraq have accused ISIS of many misdeeds and war crimes in the past , including enslaving young women and children . Every story is hard to take , and those documented by Human Rights Watch are no exception . Yazidi women sold , raped , enslaved by ISIS The boys , ages 14 to 16 , said they were part of a group making the roughly 150-kilometer  100-mile  trek back from Aleppo from exams when ISIS militants halted and detained them on May 29 . ISIS let approximately 100 girls go within hours , but they kept the boys at a school in Manbij , some 50 kilometers southwest of Kobani , according to the Human Rights Watch report . Their living conditions there were sparse : sleeping with blankets on the floor , bathing once every two weeks , eating twice a day and getting occasional visits and calls from their parents . And it got much worse from there . The interviewed boys talked about being forced to watch videos of ISIS beheadings and attacks , pray five times daily and memorize parts of the Quran . If they did not do well enough on their religious lessons , if they tried to escape , if they did anything that was construed as misbehaving -- or even if they did not -- the young captives could be beaten with hoses and electrical cables , according to the Human Rights Watch report . The advocacy group said one child was tied up with his hands tied behind his back and one hand tied to his foot after calling out for his mother . "  They sometimes beat us for no reason , " a 16-year-old boy said . A 15-year-old boy said that the detained children who had relatives in the Kurdish militia known the People 's Protection Units , or YPG , were treated the worst . YPG members were seen as nonbelievers in ISIS ' extreme brand of Sunni Islam , thus making them second-class citizens at best and mortal enemies at worst . "  They  ISIS  told them to give them the addresses of their families , cousins , uncles , saying , ` When we go to Kobani , we will get them and cut them up , ' " the boy said . Some of the boys escaped , were released or were swapped for captive ISIS fighters between June and September . The terrorist group released about 75 boys -- including the four interviewed , who have since made their way across the border to Turkey -- in late September , with the equivalent of a U.S. dollar and a DVD featuring religious material . Kurdish officials said , according to HRW , that the remaining 25 boys were released a month later . The children 's hometown of Kobani has been the site of a fierce weekslong battle between ISIS and Kurdish fighters . Local Kurds have been aided by U.S.-led airstrikes , as well as the recent arrival from Iraq of Kurdish fighters known as Peshmerga . Iraqi Kurdish fighters join Kobani fight Situated on the Turkish border , Kobani is seen by many as a key battleground in ISIS ' fight to expand its already vast territory in Syria . The extremist group has ruthlessly taken over much of this country in the past three-plus years as well as neighboring Iraq , with the U.N. Security Council and others alleging it has "  killed , kidnapped , raped , tortured or recruited as child fighters " in the process .	Group : 4 say they were among 100 boys taken by ISIS on way back from exams The boys say they and their fellow captives were beaten with hoses and cables ISIS militants forced them to take religious lessons , watch beheading videos ISIS has allegedly kidnapped , raped and killed in its campaign in Syria , Iraq
Solana Beach , California  CNN  -- I dont tlk on th fone . txt im fb me . I tried to reach my teenage daughter the other day . I left a voice mail , sent an e-mail message and finally texted her and told her to check both and call me back . Seconds later , she texted back one letter : "  K. " She is 19 and has been sending and receiving upwards of 3,000 texts per month . One month , she hit 7,500 ! She is not unusual at all . According to Nielsen Mobile , in the first quarter of 2009 , the average U.S. teen made and received an average of 191 phone calls and sent and received 2,899 text messages per month . By the third quarter , the number of texts had jumped to a whopping 3,146 messages per month , which equals more than 10 texts per every waking non-school hour .  At the beginning of 2007 , those numbers were 255 phone calls and 435 text messages .  Preteens sent and received 1,146 texts per month . My daughter does n't answer her phone because to her , it is no longer a phone . We are in the midst of four distinct generations of Americans : Baby Boomers  born 1946-64  , Generation X  1965-79  , Net Generation  1980-89  and the new iGeneration  born in the 1990s and beyond and given the "  i " designation to represent media such as iPods and the Wii but also to reflect the "  individualized " nature of their media  . Until recently , "  communicate " meant to talk face-to-face or on the phone . But both the Net Generation and the iGeneration have turned the concept of communication upside down . The old ways are , well , old . It is now all about texting , IMing , Facebooking , Skype-ing -- pretty much anything but talking live or on the phone . I know that this is alarming to many , but quite honestly , people must recognize that this is the way it is now and is going to be -- at least until the next new form of e-communication bursts into our world . If you have a teenager  or even a preteen  , for example , you must learn how to text , or you two will never "  connect . " To this generation , it is all about connection , but those connections are , for the most part , electronic . It is important to note that although experts agree about the two older generations , not everyone agrees on "  defining " the last two generations . They are called Generation Y and Millennials by some and , as far as their demarcation dates , well , that is open to fierce discussion . From my research with 3,000 Americans , the final two generations are defined not by a letter or by their birth year but by their use of technology and media , their need and ability to multitask , their rapid acceptance of anything new and their view of the meaning of technology . All of which lead to differences in personal and work values and often to disharmony in the family , school and the workplace . In my research , we query people about daily media activities as well as those they choose during free time . We find striking generational differences . Older teens and Net Geners spend more than 20 hours per day using media . This is accomplished not by not sleeping but with considerable multitasking , which peaks at seven simultaneous activities for older teens . Setting aside music  with its omnipresent ear buds  , preferred media choices differ dramatically across generations : For children , it 's television ; for tweens , it 's video games ; for teens , it 's texting and social networking ; and for Net Geners and Gen Xers , it 's being online . And for Boomers , it 's , of course , back to television . The roots of these differences lie in the origin and pace of technological change , particularly among the most recent generations . Net Geners were early adopters of the Internet , which they came to view as a valuable tool . iGeners , however , are different . They know no other world than that of the Web , texting and social networking . They were online when they could sit up and sent an e-mail to Grandma ; they made MySpace a household name by their early teens . They live in their own bedroom "  TechnoCocoons , " where new technologies appear and penetrate society in months rather than years . Although the telephone took 20 years to reach 50 million users , the Web took four years , iPods three and MySpace two , and YouTube hit 50 million users in one year . The iGeneration is driving these consumer trends . Individuals in this group watch more than 100 YouTube videos a month , download apps , MySpace and Facebook  now verbs  , and text the night away . They do n't see technology as a tool . For them , it is just life . These generational differences have tremendous ramifications for the family , education and the workplace . Parents are upset that their children multitask and yet are perplexed that they can balance all their technology and do well in school . Teachers struggle to reconcile their need to have students read books , do worksheets and pay attention in class  unitasking  while students want multitasking technologies . Bosses want meetings  more unitasking  , goals and progress reports , while their Gen X and Net Gen employees want to do it their way through multitasking and flex time . These differences permeate every system and cause parents , teachers and bosses to tear their hair out . Yet those pesky multitasking kids are the smartest generation ever , with high professional aspirations . Some may call them narcissistic , but they are really a highly social generation  albeit with much of the socializing done online  ; they value family , revere friendship  some "  virtual "  , consume massive quantities of information  again , much of it online  and are the most "  communicating " generation yet . But to us "  old fogies , " it seems like they are just chatting aimlessly , sending brief tweets with funny acronyms that make no sense  could you decipher the text message at the beginning of this article ?  . They text while they walk  sometimes into trees  and keep their cell phones on vibrate while they sleep . No one really has a choice but to accept their world and learn to adapt . The Net Geners and iGeners will soon be the country 's parents , teachers , bosses and political leaders , and their techie style will become the norm . We may not like it , but we have to admit that they are happy , successful and engaged with all their media and technology . I may have to text my daughter to get her attention , but I am also bewildered and awed by her mastery of anything new and amazed at how she can balance her media and college and maintain an A average at Yale . It is their world . Watch out for the young ones who are already surfing the Net at 2 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Rosen .	Larry Rosen says in third quarter of 2009 , average teen had 3,146 text messages There are four generations now , he says ; oldest use phones , youngest anything but For young people , electronic communication is not about technology , it 's just life , he says Rosen : Next generation is highly social , successful and plugged in . It 's time to get used to it
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy warship and helicopters are trailing a boat believed to be the one that was hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend , a senior military source with knowledge of the operation told CNN . Four Americans were manning the boat . Pirates boarded the American yacht off the coast of Oman last Friday , three days after the boat 's owners split off from the relative safety of a sailing group traversing a dangerous section of the Indian Ocean , according to the group , the Blue Water Rally . Owners Jean and Scott Adam and two others , Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle , were aboard the yacht , the S/V Quest . U.S. officials have made no further comment on the situation since Rear Adm. Charles Gaouette , deputy commander of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , said Saturday that the government is evaluating its options . The Adams are experienced boaters , having started a world tour in 2004 , and were very much conscious of the threat from pirates , said a friend of the Adams , fellow boater Scott Stolnitz . Scott Adam said several weeks ago that he was concerned about pirate activity in the area , which he had never visited before , Stolnitz said . But he said Adam was determined to traverse the world himself as opposed to shipping the boat -- as some other yacht owners have done .	Four Americans had their yacht overtaken by pirates on Friday A warship and helicopters are now trailing the boat , a military source says Jean and Adam Scott are experienced boaters
CNN  -- A fast-moving storm system struck parts of the Upper Midwest hard on Wednesday evening , delivering blows to Chicago and many other communities before moving quickly to inflict damage farther east . The Windy City itself experienced gusts that measured about 50 mph around 6 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  , in addition to dime-size hail , the National Weather Service 's Chicago branch said . Cities and towns near Chicago were affected as well . About 50 miles southwest , in Kendall County , residents were urged to hunker down after storm spotters "  reported wall clouds " that suggest a possible tornado , according to weather service . In DeKalb County , some 60 miles west of Chicago , straight-line winds downed power lines , and some large trees appeared to be damaged , Chief Deputy Gary Dumdie of the country sheriff 's department said . To the east in Lake County , Indiana , a severe thunderstorm warning advised residents to brace for 80 mph wind gusts and pingpong-ball-size hail . Some 35 miles south near Crete , Illinois , radar showed winds were blowing up to 80 mph . All this commotion was thanks to a swift and , at times , powerful storm system that moved across the Upper Midwest and into the Ohio Valley on Wednesday evening . One of the first indications that it would be tumultuous day came around 4:30 p.m. , when a "  confirmed tornado " touched down about 8 miles east of Belmond in Wright County , Iowa . Several businesses and one home in Belmond were destroyed , while three other homes suffered significant damage , said Iowa emergency management spokeswoman Stefanie Bond . Thankfully , there were no reports of fatalities or injuries . The storm 's impact was n't unexpected : The Storm Prediction Center had warned that Indiana , Ohio and much of Illinois , including the city of Chicago , faced a "  high risk " -- the most perilous category -- of severe weather through Wednesday night . The portion of the United States under a moderate risk for severe weather extended farther and included the cities of Cedar Rapids , Iowa ; Indianapolis , Indiana ; and Columbus , Ohio . The threat of tornadoes was particularly high in southwest Wisconsin and northwest Illinois , thanks to severe thunderstorms capable of producing a twister . There was a possibility they could strike well beyond that , though , with the weather service issuing tornado watches through midnight Wednesday for much of Ohio , southwestern Pennsylvania and northern West Virginia . Russ Schneider , director of the Storm Prediction Center , explained that the type of severe weather that hit the Upper Midwest was a derecho . Derived from the Spanish word for "  straight ahead , " derechos are a weather phenomenon that traditionally happens only a few times a year . It is defined as a line of storms that produces a swath of damage more than 240 miles long with gusts of at least 58 mph . A derecho forms thanks in large part to warm , humid air , instability in the atmosphere and jet-stream winds , which can organize the storms into isolated storms called super cells . Those super cells rotate among themselves , then cluster into powerful wind systems that can become derechos , Schneider said . A line of such storms travels quickly , often at around 50 to 60 mph , which is much faster than most other types of storms . "  So  what looks like a very dark cloud on the horizon very rapidly becomes an imminent threat , " explained Schneider . "  People should  make sure they know where they go to seek shelter , and what actions they need to take as warnings are issued . " Calmer conditions should return to the Upper Midwest on Thursday : Chicago 's forecast , for instance , calls for a breezy , mostly sunny day with temperatures reaching a high of around 65 . By then , the greatest severe weather threat will have shifted east . The Storm Prediction Center is forecasting that severe weather will be possible Thursday in the mid-Atlantic , an area that includes that includes Richmond , Virginia ; Washington ; Baltimore , Maryland ; Philadelphia and the southern half of New Jersey . A much bigger chunk of the eastern United States -- from Alabama and Georgia extending north up the Appalachian Mountains to New York City -- has a slight chance of severe weather , likely in the form of strong thunderstorms . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Joe Sutton and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : The mid-Atlantic will most likely have severe weather Thursday NEW : Trees and power lines are downed west of Chicago 50 mph wind gusts , dime-sized hail in Chicago ; stronger winds seen elsewhere Tornado watches extend as far east as Pennsylvania , West Virginia
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama expressed deep concern on Wednesday about the Egyptian military 's removal of that nation 's first democratically elected president , calling for a quick return to civilian leadership and ordering a review of U.S. law regarding aid to the vital Middle East ally . "  The United States continues to believe firmly that the best foundation for lasting stability in Egypt is a democratic political order with participation from all sides and all political parties , " Obama said in a statement about the move to oust Mohamed Morsy a year after he took office . Obama said the United States expects the military to "  ensure the rights " of Egyptian citizens "  during this uncertain period . " He also called on the military to avoid "  arbitrary arrests " of Morsy and his supporters . But Morsy and most members of his leadership team were under house arrest , according to the Muslim Brotherhood . Obama 's written statement followed a meeting of national security officials , including Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey and CIA Director John Brennan at the White House , and illustrated a complex diplomatic situation . The run-up to Morsy 's removal included huge demonstrations on both sides of the political equation , with millions of people flooding Cairo squares in scenes similar to the mass protests and unrest that led to the military coup that toppled longtime leader Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . Obama refused to choose sides then and his administration adopted a similarly neutral stance ahead of the military 's decision on Wednesday to suspend the constitution and remove Morsy , who left the Muslim Brotherhood after his election in a symbolic gesture as leader of all Egyptians . The head of Egypt 's Supreme Constitutional Court will serve as interim president . The Obama administration said earlier in the day Egyptians deserved a "  peaceful political solution . " But State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki also noted that Morsy had failed to outline "  significant specific steps " to address the concerns of anti-government protesters . Tricky policy scenario for U.S. . The situation in Cairo created an uncomfortable policy scenario for a U.S. government and president that champion democratic principles . Obama reinforced that in his statement . "  I now call on the Egyptian military to move quickly and responsibly to return full authority back to a democratically elected civilian government as soon as possible through an inclusive and transparent process , " he said . "  The goal of any political process should be a government that respects the rights of all people , majority and minority ; that institutionalizes the checks and balances upon which democracy depends ; and that places the interests of the people above party or faction , " he added , noting that those protesting Morsy 's government must be heard . But he also raised the tricky issue of military aid to Egypt , which also was noted by members of Congress in their reaction to events . Egypt unrest : 5 key questions Egypt 's 1973 peace treaty with Israel and responsibility for keeping open the vital oil shipping lane of the Suez Canal make it an important player in the region regarding U.S. interests . Democratic Sen. Pat Leahy of Vermont noted that the more than $ 1 billion a year in military aid to Egypt would be cut off if Morsy 's overthrow is deemed a military coup . U.S. law restricts some kinds of aid to countries where the elected head of government is deposed by a military coup , or a coup in which the military plays a decisive role . Obama , who did not use the word "  coup " in his statement , directed "  relevant departments and agencies " to review the implications for aid to Egypt . Rand Paul : Stop using U.S. taxpayer money to aid Morsy Dempsey told CNN before Wednesday 's announcement in Egypt that "  there will be consequences " if the situation was "  badly handled . " "  If this were to be seen as a coup , then it would limit our ability to have the kind of relationship we need with the Egyptian armed forces , " Dempsey said . In a separate interview with CNN , former State Department official Edward Djerejian noted that the military 's announcement included non-military figures from civil society to portray it as a broader political step than a military coup . "  There 's something different happening here , " said Djerejian , a former assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs . He said the situation "  creates the possibility for a political transition in Egypt to a pluralistic government system . " Initial statements from congressional Republicans who usually seize on any opportunity to criticize Obama policies were cautiously supportive of Morsy 's ouster . "  I am hopeful that his departure will reopen the path to a better future for Egypt , and I encourage the military and all political parties to cooperate in the peaceful establishment of democratic institutions and new elections that lead to an Egypt where minority rights are protected , " said a statement by GOP Rep. Ed Royce of California , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  But make no mistake about it , Egypt is in for very difficult days . " A vital U.S. ally Unrest in Egypt erupted as part of the Arab Spring wave of uprisings that began in North Africa in 2010 . The situation in Egypt has been a political thorn for Obama , forcing him to balance the interests of Israel with a U.S. desire to promote democratic values in the mostly Islamic region . Opinion : Obama missed out on Arab Spring Before Morsy 's election , Obama announced efforts to help Egypt stabilize and modernize its economy , including debt relief of up to $ 1 billion and another $ 1 billion in loan guarantees . Morsy 's ascendency benefited Obama a few months later , when Morsy played a key role in negotiating a cease-fire between Hamas and Israel following eight days of Gaza violence last November . But Morsy subsequently issued an order preventing any Egyptian court from overturning his decisions in what was considered an undemocratic move decried by opposition groups . Within a month , he reinstated the judicial oversight and submitted a draft Islamist-backed constitution that voters approved and he signed into law . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? Public anger over economic woes and a lack of opposition voices in government helped spark the latest protests . Mohamed Morsy : Fast Facts Obama had called Morsy The White House said on Tuesday that Obama had called Morsy to urge him to show Egyptians that he understood their anger and to take political steps to resolve the crisis . The focus and tone of the White House statement was similar to a year ago when Morsy won Egypt 's first election following Mubarak 's ouster . "  We will stand with the Egyptian people as they pursue their aspirations for democracy , dignity , and opportunity , and fulfill the promise of their revolution , " the White House said then . Such a neutral approach has riled conservatives seeking a more assertive U.S. role in the aftermath of the Arab Spring uprisings that swept through parts of North Africa and the Middle East in recent years . Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona has criticized the president for yielding a leadership role in the region . Shrinking U.S. aid Last month , he warned a shrinking U.S. foreign aid budget meant "  Egypt must show that it is a good investment of our scarce resources -- that the return on this investment will be a freer , more democratic , more tolerant Egypt . " If not , McCain said in a speech on the Middle East , "  Congress will spend this money elsewhere . That is just a fact . " The Egyptian military this week gave Morsy an ultimatum to work out a solution to the protests by Wednesday . Morsy responded by calling for creation of a temporary coalition government until early elections can take place in coming months . The statement posted Wednesday on Morsy 's official Facebook page warned that a coup would undermine the aspirations and achievements of the 2011 revolution . Travel warning , evacuation The U.S. Embassy in Cairo ordered the mandatory evacuation of all nonessential personnel , CNN 's Jill Dougherty reported , citing a senior administration official . Separately , the State Department warned Americans to defer travel to Egypt and U.S. citizens living there to leave the country . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama orders review of law covering U.S. aid to Egypt NEW : Obama expects Egyptian military to "  ensure the rights " of citizens Egyptian military suspended constitution and removed President Mohamed Morsy Huge demonstrations preceded military 's decision to remove Morsy
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- During emergency drills at Deer Creek Middle School , teacher David Benke used to tell his students that if anything ever happened , he wanted to be able to "  do something about it . " When he saw a man shooting at students as they were leaving the Littleton , Colorado , school on Tuesday , "  What was going through my mind , " Benke said , "  was that I promised . " Benke tackled the gunman , who had shot and wounded two students , and with the help of another teacher and some bus drivers , was able to hold him until police arrived . "  I noticed that he was working a bolt-action rifle , " he said . "  I noticed that and realized that I had time to get him before he could chamber another round . " Still , Benke told reporters Wednesday , "  it bothers me that I was a little bit late . It bothers me that he got the second shot off " and struck a second student . Authorities identified the suspect as Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , 32 . Eastwood , who police said had been a student at the school in the 1990s , was charged with two counts of attempted first-degree murder . He appeared in court via video link from jail Wednesday morning . CNN affiliate KUSA reported a judge ordered him held on $ 1 million bond . If he does post bond , the court ordered that he have no contact with anyone under 18 and said he must seek mental health treatment , KUSA reported . It also said that if he posts bond , he can not possess alcohol , drugs or firearms and must be monitored by GPS . The affiliate said Eastwood 's next court appearance is March 2 . Authorities released no information about a motive in the shooting , saying the case was still under investigation . Deer Creek is two miles from Columbine High School , site of one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history , where 12 students and one teacher were killed in 1999 . The two gunmen , both Columbine students , then turned their guns on themselves . The students wounded Tuesday , a boy and a girl , were taken to Littleton Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries , a sheriff 's office spokeswoman said . Principal Rob Hoover said one is doing well and the other was "  progressing well " but was still hospitalized . Both students were eighth-graders , the school district said . KUSA reported one was Reagan Weber , who was treated and released from Littleton Adventist Hospital . The other , Matthew Thieu , was in serious condition at Children 's Hospital . In a written statement , his mother expressed gratitude for the outpouring of support , but asked for privacy as she focuses on his recovery . She said her son was recovering from a fractured rib and a lung injury . Eastwood 's father , War Eagle Eastwood , told KUSA that his son had struggled with mental illness , was behind on bills and could n't hold a job because of his "  not really knowing what he 's doing half the time . " His son , who heard voices , tried to seek help , he said , but had no money to pay for it . Bruco Eastwood had been cooperative with investigators , said Jefferson County sheriff 's spokeswoman Jacki Kelley . Eastwood had been living with his father for about five years , and was unemployed other than working as "  kind of a ranch hand " for his father , she said . He had been attending a community college attempting to get his GED . The rifle used belonged to Eastwood 's father , she said . Authorities found additional rounds around the school property . School officials could not give many details to reporters Wednesday because of an ongoing police investigation , but Hoover said the suspect had come inside the school earlier and signed in . "  We know he did that much , but then we know he left , and that was all we knew at that point . " Assistant Principal Becky Brown told reporters she ran outside after hearing "  the pop " and saw Benke tackle the suspect . "  When I saw Dr. Benke and the look on his face , I knew that we needed to help , " she said . While Benke and the suspect struggled on the ground , she grabbed the gun "  and got it out of there , " she said . Benke said the suspect threatened to sue him during the struggle , saying he was using excessive force . Asked why she ran toward gunshots when others might flee , Brown grew emotional as she said , "  Those kids are my kids , and it 's important , and my teachers , we 're like family . " "  You 're just doing what you can do to try and protect your kids , " Benke said . CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Teacher says he promised students he 'd protect them if something happened David Benke tackled gunman , but says he wishes he 'd done it earlier Suspect Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , 32 , held on $ 1 million bail Shooting takes place two miles from Columbine High School , scene of 1999 rampage
CNN  -- While Spain wallows in the doldrums of economic despondency and political turmoil , with youth unemployment at eye-watering levels and Catalan separatists threatening to tear away at the country 's seams , there is one place where its stock has never been higher . On the motorcycling track , 2013 's calendar is a parade of Iberian supremacy , with Spaniards dominating every race class to the almost complete exclusion of other nations . At the forefront of this is MotoGP 's newly-crowned champion : a 20-year-old whose debut season in the elite division has delighted even the most jaded observers of this most daring of motorsports . Marc Marquez has exploded onto the scene like a grinning Catherine wheel , redefining the expectations of rookie riders and cocking a gleeful snook at the establishment , leaving dazed rivals scratching their heads in disbelief . After a bizarre disqualification at the Australian Grand Prix threatened his commanding lead in the championship , Marquez kept his head with two remarkably mature displays of disciplined riding -- first in Japan and then during a frenzied final race at Spain 's Valencia circuit , to take a richly deserved title . As the youngest champion in the history of top-level motorcycling , known by his Catalan fans as "  the Thunder from Cervera , " he has a vividly bright future . Someone who knows all about the challenges of being a MotoGP rookie is James Toseland , who spent two tough seasons riding for the satellite Yamaha Team after making the step up from Superbikes , where he was a double world champion . Now touring with his rock band and preparing for an attempt at the world two-wheeled land speed record , Toseland is a big admirer of Marquez and believes his youth is actually an advantage . "  It just happens as a 20-year-old , " said Toseland , who returned to Superbikes before a wrist injury ended his racing career in 2011 . "  All you 're seeing is a young kid ; he does n't understand the mechanics of the bike so well yet , or the people he 's racing against -- all he 's doing is putting his helmet on , putting his leathers on , cocking his leg over that bike and absolutely wringing its neck , with the confidence of what he 's achieved previously in Moto2 and the old 125 cc class . " ` Nobody can do something like that ' Herve Poncharal , principal of the Monster Yamaha Tech 3 team and leader of the IRTA group that represents MotoGP 's teams , told CNN that Marquez served early notice of his special talent . "  I remember one of his last races in the old 125 class , in Portugal , " he said . "  The race was shortened to something like five or seven laps . He crashed on the warmup and he had to start from the pit lane because he pitted to have his bike fixed , so he started dead last , and quite a lot after the last row , but he won that race . "  He won the championship that year , and from that moment we thought , ` Nobody can do something like that . ' " Carmelo Ezpeleta , CEO of Dorna -- the organization that runs MotoGP -- was struck by the way Marquez immediately looked at home in the top class . "  His personality is really important , " Ezpeleta told CNN . "  He 's somebody who arrived to the championship as a hero , kind of saying , ` I 'm here , I want to be here . ' "  Immediately when he arrived in the top class he started coming to the MotoGP executive commission with the other riders , and immediately he wanted to hear and give his opinions ; he 's a great talent but also a great personality . " Fresh attitude This vibrant personality is one of the key reasons many see Marquez as the natural successor to Italy 's charismatic seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi . The Spaniard 's smiling demeanor has not only won him fans off the track , it also appears to have helped guide him through the stresses of the MotoGP season . "  He brings so much energy , such a fresh way of behaving , a fresh mind , enthusiasm , " Poncharal told CNN . "  In Australia  after Marquez was controversially disqualified  Jorge Lorenzo , Dani Pedrosa or Valentino Rossi would have left the track and been very long faced . Marc was on a crate , while everyone was packing , eating some crisps , and laughing with his crew . "  He 's always in the paddock . Although the other guys are walking to and from their motorhome and the box , in between the two they have their sunglasses and their headphones on and are not talking to anybody . Marc is always there , anything that is happening in the paddock he 's there . "  The attitude of this guy is a big bonus for our championship and it 's so good to see a top guy who is still going out and playing with the Moto3 guys , and being available for anyone . " The almost universal affection for Marquez has also given last season 's champion Lorenzo -- who missed out by four points this time despite winning Sunday 's final race -- pause for thought . "  Mother nature did n't gift Lorenzo the way she gifted Marquez , " Poncharal said . "  On the riding he can compete with Marquez and he 's showing that every weekend , but Marc is so much more appreciated by everyone because of his nature , and Marc instantly makes you feel at home with him ; he inspires sympathy , and not everybody has got that . "  And I think Jorge is trying very hard to change his image , which is not as likeable as Marc 's , but this is something that is not easy to change . " Personality with great talent Ezpeleta recognizes the importance of Marquez 's personality , but says it is important not to overlook his talent . "  The most important thing is to be a very good rider , " he said . "  Rossi ,  Casey  Stoner , Lorenzo , Pedrosa and other riders have put the championship at an incredible level , and I think one of the assets of Marc is that he has been beating people like Lorenzo and Pedrosa , who are really great , great riders . "  Of course the personality is important , but just the personality is not enough -- it needs to be the personality together with a great , great rider . " Toseland believes the crew in Marquez 's Repsol Honda garage deserve credit for their approach to blooding the young star . "  They 've employed a young kid and nurtured him , " he said . "  They will have put the settings on the bike to where they will see the data and the electronics -- on how he 's opening the throttle up and how he 's riding -- and they will have given him a bit of a safety net at first , because there 's a massive power difference between Moto2 and MotoGP . "  Then they would have gradually opened up the power , decreased the traction control , the anti-wheelie control , all the settings you can change on a bike , to build his confidence . " Marquez was allowed to go straight into a factory MotoGP team -- Repsol Honda -- at an age that was previously prohibited by the sport 's so-called "  rookie rule . " It was scrapped last year , having been introduced in 2010 to spread riding talent around the satellite teams . Toseland believes this has been significant , and that other stars have also helpfully aligned to smooth Marquez 's path to success . "  To join one of the best teams , with what looks like the best bike this year -- and with Lorenzo and Pedrosa both injuring themselves and missing a race early in the year -- for him to then get the confidence of actually learning how to win , and getting a couple of wins under his belt , all those factors put into the pot have just made him so confident in what he 's doing , " he said . "  You can see when he 's on track that he 's not fazed by anything or anyone , from the confidence he 's got from having that little bit of breathing space earlier in the year . " The next big chapter ? Poncharal believes that Marquez would have achieved success even without a factory bike . "  At the moment he has the lot , he 's on what feels like the best bike , which is for sure a bonus , although Lorenzo is showing us that the Yamaha is not so bad , " he said . "  But , and this is just my opinion , I 'm not so sure that  on a satellite Honda  he would have done a lot less . " As well as winning friends with his smiling demeanor and openness off the track , Marquez has also caught the eye with his audacious riding style , which sees his elbow as well as his knee pressing down on the track through corners . This enables him to better gauge what both the front and the rear of the bike are doing , providing a "  fourth wheel " to help him get around faster . Other riders have begun to mimic this spectacular and effective technique . Toseland is among many startled by this evolution , and puts it partly down to advances in racing tires . "  I used to get my elbow down with qualifying tires , and that 's what it 's all about really -- it 's the tire technology , Bridgestone have obviously developed a tire with the edge grip now that enables the bike to lean over that far , and also enable you to lean off the bike that much with the confidence that the grip is there , " he said . "  It 's not just Marquez now , you see others like Stefan Bradl and Jorge Lorenzo with their elbows down . It 's not so much that they 've changed their style , it 's the tire is allowing the bike to lean over that far . " They might be able to follow him , but can anyone can catch Marquez next year ? "  It 's always difficult to say , ` He 's going to be the greatest of all time , ' " Poncharal said . "  But clearly if you remember the last 40 years you have Kenny Roberts , then you have the Mick Doohan era , you have the Valentino Rossi era , and I think Marc is ready , if nothing bad happens to him , to write another big chapter of MotoGP history . "	Marc Marquez has impressed with his demeanor as well as his success on the track Spaniard is the youngest rider to win motorcycling 's top title , and first rookie since 1978 Head of MotoGP says Marquez has beaten "  really great , great riders " in his debut season Principal of a rival team says Marquez "  brings so much energy , such a fresh way of behaving "
San Francisco  CNN  -- Consumer technology giants are battling to provide the place where you store your files , and Apple is not about to be left out . Capping a slew of software announcements on Monday , Apple unveiled iCloud . The free service lets users synchronize documents , photos and applications between Apple devices over the Internet . Music purchased through the iTunes Store can be downloaded from any device connected to your account , and for an annual fee , tracks bought from other stores , ripped from CDs or procured through other means can be synchronized . When iCloud drops this fall , Apple will join Amazon.com and Google , two major players that have already begun rolling out storage services . For music , Apple has the incumbent 's advantage . ITunes is the world 's most popular jukebox software , highest-volume music retailer and already has cozy ties to the record industry . That relationship enabled Apple to secure the deals that competitors are still negotiating for . Those agreements resulted in iTunes Match , which was Apple CEO Steve Jobs ' signature "  one more thing " to end his presentation on Monday .  "  It 's a small thing , " he said . ITunes Match will allow people to pay $ 25 per year to sync as many as 25,000 songs not purchased through the iTunes Store between their computers and gadgets . "  It takes minutes , not weeks , " Jobs said . The weeks-long process Jobs is referring to is the offerings from Amazon and Google . Because they have n't secured rights with the record labels , they took an alternate route with their services . Amazon 's Cloud Drive and Google 's Music Beta require users to upload their entire libraries to each service before they can be accessed from Web and mobile jukeboxes . Apple , instead , uses a "  scan-and-match " procedure , finding which of your songs are also sold in the iTunes Store and giving you the keys to access those . For the remainder of live recordings and other obscure songs you have , the system uploads them , just like other services do , but at a fraction of the time . "  We think we 've got a great system here , " Jobs said . "  This is the first time we 've seen this in the music industry . " Music files bought from Amazon can be automatically stored in a user 's Cloud Drive . Google does not have a music store . Cloud Drive offers 5 gigabytes  about 1,000 songs  free , and provides an extra 20 gigabytes for a year to customers who buy an album from Amazon 's MP3 Store . Each gigabyte after that costs $ 1 . Google 's Music service is free this year if you can procure an invitation to join , and Google has not announced pricing for after that . Apple 's iCloud provides 5 gigabytes at no charge for e-mail , documents and backup file storage . Music , books , apps and pictures do n't count against that total . ICloud will only store photos for 30 days . Apple did not say how much it will cost to lease Internet hard-drive space after filling up on e-mail and such . "  We want people to see what these devices can really do and what the software can do . So we 're making it free , " Jobs said . Amazon 's Cloud Drive can also store photos and video , but those files do count against a user 's total . Amazon has e-book and app stores that provide similar syncing features as part of the package , but it does n't offer e-mail . Google breaks its offerings up into a series of applications and storage lockers . Music Beta is currently storing 20,000 songs free . Gmail provides 7.6 gigabytes of free storage and sells more . Google Docs can keep a gigabyte of files free and charges 25 cents for each extra gigabyte . Picasa Web Albums has an equivalent pricing scheme for photos . Google also has an e-book store and has begun offering video services beyond YouTube for home movies . Microsoft also offers e-mail and document storage . Apple has integrated iCloud tightly into the mobile and computer systems it makes , starting with Mac OS X Lion and iOS 5 , which debut next month and in the fall , respectively . Files are saved and pushed to Apple 's servers automatically . Apple will also have websites for accessing e-mail , calendar and other features , as well as allowing Windows-PC users to sync photos to a folder . Do n't bet on seeing apps for Google 's Android phones or for BlackBerrys . Apple has tried this sort of thing before with MobileMe , which cost $ 99 per year and was less ambitious in scale . It was viewed as a flop and experienced some embarrassing outages . Shortly after the launch of the now three-year-old Web service , Jobs assembled the team who developed it and told them : "  You 've tarnished Apple 's reputation , " according to a story in Fortune magazine . Jobs acknowledged the failure humbly and with good humor on Monday . "  Why should I believe them ? They 're the ones that brought me to MobileMe , " Jobs said , mimicking the potential response to iCloud from critics . "  It was n't our finest hour . Let me just say that . But we learned a lot . " Amazon and Google have a proven track record in delivering vast amounts of information over the Web . But Jobs says Apple is ready this time . "  If you do n't think we 're serious about this , you 're wrong , " he said , before transitioning to pictures of a massive facility Apple built in Maiden , North Carolina : "  This is our third data center that we just completed . ... It 's rather large . "	Apple is preparing to launch iCloud , an Internet storage service Amazon already has Cloud Drive , and Google has a variety of services iCloud is tightly integrated into Apple software but seemingly less so in other platforms
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The international group Human Rights Watch is accusing Israel of firing weapons containing white phosphorus into Gaza . The group demands that the alleged practice cease . Israel is declining to say whether bursts like this over Gaza involve white phosphorus . The group 's researchers in Israel "  observed multiple air-bursts of artillery-fired white phosphorus over what appeared to be the Gaza City/Jabaliya area " on Friday and Saturday , the organization said on its Web site . "  Israel appeared to be using white phosphorus as an ` obscurant ' -LSB- a chemical used to hide military operations -RSB- , a permissible use in principle " under the laws of war , the HRW posting said . "  However , white phosphorus has a significant , incidental , incendiary effect that can severely burn people and set structures , fields , and other civilian objects in the vicinity on fire , " the posting said . "  The potential for harm to civilians is magnified by Gaza 's high population density , among the highest in the world . " HRW said the use of white phosphorus in Gaza would violate "  the requirement under international humanitarian law to take all feasible precautions to avoid civilian injury and loss of life . " Last week , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman told CNN : "  I can tell you with certainty that white phosphorus is absolutely not being used . " Now , however , Israeli officials have a different response to questions about the possible use of phosphorus : "  Any munitions that Israel is using are in accordance with international law . Israel does not specify the types of munitions or the types of operations it is conducting . " Still , a doctor familiar with the material said it is not possible to tell , based on pictures of burns , whether white phosphorus was responsible . "  Dead tissue pretty much looks the same , " said Dr. Peter Grossman , president of the Grossman Burn Center in Sherman Oaks , California . The chemical "  can burn down houses and cause horrific burns when it touches the skin , " said Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch . Since January 3 , when Israel began its ground offensive in Gaza , news reports have circulated about the possible use of white phosphorus by the IDF . HRW 's assertion was supported by munitions experts and some Palestinian doctors , including Nafiz Abu Sha'aban , who said the burns it caused were unlike anything he has seen in 27 years of practice . Watch footage of burn patients in Gaza Though most severely burned patients have been sent to Egypt , the ongoing fighting has made it impossible to evacuate all of them , including one man with deep burns over 47 percent of his body , the doctor said . White phosphorus is known to burn flesh down to the bone . It 's intended to provide illumination or to create a smokescreen in battle . Under an international protocol ratified by Israel in 1995 , the use of such incendiary weapons is allowed when "  not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons . " There is no prohibition per se against white phosphorus in conflict . But the timing and location of its use are restricted . For example , it is illegal under the protocol to use white phosphorus against any personnel , civilian or military . It can be directed only against military targets . International law says incendiary weapons can not be used where civilians are concentrated . A house north of Gaza City was hit Sunday by something that observers contend may have been white phosphorus . "  It 's been burning since one o'clock in the morning , " Munir Hammada told CNN 11 hours later . "  If you move it with your feet , it reignites . You ca n't put it out with water , only sand . " Those characteristics match the properties of white phosphorus , which ignites on contact with air .	Researchers in Israel saw bursts of white phosphorus over Gaza , group says White phosphorus can burn people , set structures on fire Protocol allows use when "  not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons " Group : Use in densely populated Gaza would violate international humanitarian law
CNN  -- This year 's Forbes Rich List is notable for the absence of Bill Gates at the top . After 13 years as the world 's richest man , he has finally been toppled by his friend Warren Buffett who has an estimate fortune of $ 62bn . The Middle East 's richest man : Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud The list -- which is a run down of the 1,125 richest people on the planet -- estimates a person 's total net worth in US dollars based on the closing stock prices of the stock exchanges on which their company is listed . The Middle East 's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud , the 51 year old Saudi who has an estimated net worth of $ 21bn . He ranks 19th in the list and is considered to be the most active and successful investor in the Middle East . He took his investment vehicle , Kingdom Holding , public on the Saudi stock exchange in July 2007 . The company contains investments in well-known global companies such as Citigroup and News Corp. . In the early 1990s , Alwaleed made a risky bet on Citigroup that paid off massively and has in recent years accounted for nearly half his fortune . Kuwaiti construction heir Nasser Al-Kharafi is the next richest in 46th place with an inherited fortune of $ 14bn . He heads M.A. Al-Kharafi & Sons , one of the largest diversified conglomerates in the Arab world . Americana , the company 's lucrative food division is extremely successful and has exclusive franchise rights in the region for Pizza Hut , TGI Fridays and other big global brands . Faiza , his sister was the first woman president of Kuwait University . Naguib Sawiris , the eldest son of telecoms billionaire and Orascom Telecom founder Onsi Sawiris ranks next in 60th place with a net worth of $ 12.7 bn . In addition to Orascom Telecom , his assets -- via European holding company Weather Investments -- include Italian phone company , Wind and leading Greek telecom companies Wind Hellas and Tellas . His brother , Nassef is in 68th place , with an estimated worth of $ 11bn and his father Onsi who serves as chairman of Orascom comes in at 96th place with $ 9bn . E-mail to a friend	The Middle East 's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud He ranks 19th in the world in the Forbes Rich List Seven other billionaires from the Middle East rank in the top 100
CNN  -- Skybus Airlines announced Friday it is shutting down its passenger flights -- becoming the third airline this week to cease operations . Skybus Airlines joins ATA and Aloha Airlines , which announced shutdowns earlier this week . The low-cost carrier could n't overcome "  the combination of rising jet fuel costs and a slowing economic environment , " the company said Friday . "  These two issues proved to be insurmountable for a new carrier . " Skybus , an Ohio-based airline founded in 2004 , will cease operations effective Saturday . Earlier in the week , ATA Airlines and Aloha Airlines announced they would shut down flights as both companies work through bankruptcy filings . ATA , an Indiana-based low-cost charter airline , filed for Chapter 11 status Wednesday as a result of financial problems "  following the loss of a key contract for our military charter business , " the company said . The company started operation in 1973 . Hawaii-based Aloha Airlines announced Sunday it would shut down its passenger operations this week after filing for bankruptcy protections last month , concluding 61 years of service . In its bankruptcy filing , Aloha said it was unable to generate enough revenue from its inter-island passenger flights because of below-cost fares by competitors Mesa Air Group 's go ! airline . The company said it was forced to match the competitor 's fares during an unprecedented increase in the cost of jet fuel . Skybus said all flights Friday would be completed ; passengers with reservations for Saturday and beyond were told to seek refunds from their credit card companies . E-mail to a friend	Low-cost carrier cites high price of jet fuel ATA and Aloha also closing after bankruptcy filings Skybus says passengers can seek refunds from credit card firms
CNN  -- A proposal by European policymakers to cap bankers ' bonuses will "  damage " competitiveness , according to a top executive at Standard Chartered . The measures -- being imposed to stop banks paying bonuses for excessive risk taking and dodging financial regulations -- create an unfair burden on the London-based bank and could hit its ability to create top-level staff Richard Meddings , Standard Chartered chief financial officer , told CNN . Meddings ' comments come amid a political crackdown on the banking sector after a series of scandals including allegations Standard Chartered breached U.S. regulations over its dealings with rogue states . In December the bank agreed to pay $ 327 million to U.S. authorities to settle charges it violated international sanctions on historic transactions with Iran , Burma , Libya and Sudan . Previous fines the bank had agreed to pay to regulators brought the total paid by the British banking giant to $ 667 million . When asked if the bank had failed in its ambitions to reach self-imposed value goals , Meddings told CNN 's Richard Quest : "  We have apologized for the mistakes we made in our historic sanctions regime , and I am happy again to repeat those apologies ... we are talking about a period some time ago , in the 2001 to 2007 period . " Meddings said the bank continued to focus on the values , which include responsiveness and trustworthiness , assessing employees against them and good performance . It remains vital to be able to reward employees competitively , Meddings said . "  We want to be able to pay our people for good performance . " Last week policymakers of the 27-nation European Union agreed a provisional deal to cap bonuses for bankers at a year 's salary , or two years pending shareholder approval . The highly complex legislation has been heavily criticized by Britain Prime Minister David Cameron , who says it will unfairly impact London 's financial sector -- the largest in Europe . Meddings added : "  We compete with banks in Asia and the American banks in Asia , the Middle East and Africa who will not be subject in the same way to those restrictions . " The London-based bank is concerned by that the new measures will hit its staff located outside the European Union as the policy will also apply to operations of EU-based banks in Asia and the U.S. . This week the bank reported a pre-tax profit of almost $ 7 billion for 2012 . In a statement made by the bank 's chief executive , Peter Sands , he said the new regulations could hamper Standard Chartered 's attempts to attract top talent . Meddings echoed Sands ' comments by adding that lawmakers must "  make sure that regulation does n't impede economic growth . " In an interview with Quest last week , European Member of Parliament Phillipe Lamberts said he would not be "  overly concerned " if banker flight rids the European financial sector of excessive risk and circumvention of banking regulation . Lamberts said : "  I am not denying that there are maybe banking jobs moving away from Europe . "	StanChart 's CFO Meddings apologises for allegations of money laundering affair with Iranian clients Richard Meddings says EU proposal to cap banker ' bonuses will "  hurt " competitiveness Meddings says the British bank giant wants to be able to reward its employees for good performance
CNN  -- Here 's some good news , a year after Newtown : States have been restoring funds for mental health coverage . States are the main providers of mental health services . In the recession of 2008-2009 , the states together cut $ 1.8 billion from mental health budgets , according to the National Alliance on Mental Illness , an advocacy group . Over the past year , 36 states have added money back . Texas just legislated the largest increase in mental health coverage in the state 's history , $ 259 million more over the next two years than over the previous two . Private dollars may soon flow , too : the Affordable Care Act requires insurers to expand their coverage of mental health problems . States have passed laws intended to prevent the mentally ill from doing harm . New York adopted the most sweeping legislation . The NYSAFE Act , as it 's known , requires all mental health professionals to report patients who , in the professional 's opinion , seem likely to present a risk of serious harm to themselves or others . State police can then check these reports and deny or revoke a gun license . Connecticut and Colorado have also stiffened mental health reporting requirements . Now the sobering news : Mental health professionals ca n't report dangerous people if they do n't come into contact with them in the first place . Professionals are in short supply . Insurance coverage has historically been thin . Those who most need mental health help are precisely those least likely to seek or accept it . Even if the dangerous mentally ill can be identified , the facilities to protect society have been reduced to desperate inadequacy . In 1959 , state mental hospitals housed about 559,000 patients . A generation later , the mental hospital population had dwindled to 70,000 people . This trend is called "  deinstitutionalization , " but that 's an inapt term . The mentally ill do often end up inside institutions : prisons . Almost 1.3 million mentally ill people are held in prisons and jails . Few of these people are adequately treated , and they often emerge more troubled and dangerous . Even if authorities can identify a potentially dangerous mentally ill person and do revoke that person 's gun license , the sheer superabundance of guns in the United States puts weapons in easy reach of anyone who wants them . The guns that Adam Lanza used at Sandy Hook were bought by his mother , who could have passed any background check . A society with a lot of guns is going to have a lot of shootings , no matter what else it does for the mentally ill -- especially since the most common form of gun violence is not homicide but suicide . The self-slaughter of a chronically depressed person is a mental health failure , too . A stronger mental health system is not an alternative to gun safety laws . It must operate in tandem with them . That lesson was written in blood at Newtown , yet it remains unlearned to this day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : The good news , a year after Newton , is growing state spending on mentally ill Yet such worthy efforts wo n't stop some troubled people from gun violence , he says Frum : Superabundance of guns in the U.S. puts weapons in easy reach
The hair . The girls . The screaming . The jolt created by The Beatles ' invasion of America could n't happen today . We 're just too connected . In today 's world , the Fab Four 's frenzied Hamburg and Cavern concerts would be all over YouTube . Twitter would be abuzz about this new group with the funny hair and the screaming fans . Countless cell phones would be raised in glory at their every move . There would be no element of surprise , no sense of unveiling . But 50 years ago , it was revelatory . 5 things to know about Beatlemania On February 9 , 1964 , The Beatles made their U.S. debut on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " Sullivan was a Sunday night staple , one of the great variety shows , a TV version of vaudeville with comedians , acrobats and song-and-dance acts . Into this staid carnival came four fresh-faced Englishmen with their hair and guitars . Americans had heard their music in the first few weeks of 1964 -- "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " was already the No. 1 song in the country and other Beatles numbers were making their way up the charts -- but John , Paul , George and Ringo were essentially unknown , two-dimensional photos at best . The Sullivan appearance kicked off the American strain of Beatlemania , a fever that had already infected their native Britain . It would last for years , morphing along with the band as they performed in stadiums , retreated to the studio , experimented with drugs , married , divorced , bickered and eventually broke up . The Beatles of myth , The Beatles of reality Now , a half-century later , The Beatles are back -- and Beatlemania has struck again . CBS is airing a special devoted to the group . Capitol Records , The Beatles ' label , is re-releasing the band 's 13 U.S. albums . CNN is airing "  The British Invasion , " a look back at the musical revolution the band spawned . It 's co-produced by Tom Hanks , who expertly recreated the time in his 1996 film "  That Thing You Do ! " Everybody with a memory -- not least Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , the surviving members of The Beatles -- is making the rounds . At the Grammy Awards on Sunday night , McCartney and Starr reunited for a song and were frequently singled out by presenters . Yoko Ono and Olivia Harrison , John Lennon and George Harrison 's respective widows , presented the album of the year award . The audience , invariably , cheered . In many ways , the Sullivan appearance marked the beginning of a cultural revolution . The Foo Fighters ' Dave Grohl perhaps said it best on the Grammys red carpet . "  The Beatles , " he observed , "  are the foundation of everything we do . " ` It was an unreal situation ' But first came the hair , the girls , the screaming . "  It began with shrieks , sirens and total panic , " wrote Gail Cameron in Life magazine of their arrival at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport -- renamed just weeks earlier for the fallen president -- rarely failing to mention a "  mop of hair " or "  Beatle haircut . " Newsweek scoffed . "  Visually , they are a nightmare : Tight , dandified Edwardian beatnik suits and great pudding bowls of hair , " the magazine wrote . The hair , to a postwar world used to crew cuts and short back-and-sides , was novel . Reporters asked to touch it . Fan clubs gave away snippets , like pieces of the One True Cross . But the screams ? They had screamed before -- for Liszt , for Sinatra , for Elvis -- and they would scream again . But they had never screamed like this . The scene at JFK , the crowds around New York 's Plaza Hotel , the jet-engine squeals inside CBS ' Studio 50 for the debut appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " -- they were , literally , unheard-of . "  I did  cue  cards for Presley , and I remember kids yelling . But nothing close to what happened  then  . You ca n't compare the two , " says Vince Calandra , at the time a 29-year-old production assistant for Sullivan . "  It was an unreal situation . " Did you get swept up in Beatlemania ? Share your memories here The Beatles were like aliens dropped into the United States of 1964 . Kennedy 's assassination 10 weeks earlier had left a gloom on the land . Together , the two events created a dividing line between Then and Now . "  A lot of people do n't understand why  Sullivan  was a seminal moment in the history of America and , for that matter , the history of the world , " former Arkansas governor and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee recalled in a recent speech . "  The country had just gone through a very painful time of mourning . ... There was an extraordinary amount of despair , heartbreak , disappointment , " he continued . "  I think people forget that we were still grieving as a nation . "  The Beatles brought something to America more than music . They brought hope . " As former Rolling Stone editor Ben Fong-Torres told CNN 's Piers Morgan this week : "  They were a novelty . They were so different . And they were so good and they were so charming and they were so cute . " At the time , though , only the true insiders -- visitors to Britain , Sullivan 's scouts , international correspondents -- knew what to expect . They knew that something was happening , but even they did n't know just what it was . They would find out . ` You could buy this stuff ? ' The United States was a different country . It 's somehow appropriate that The Beatles ' appearance was in black-and-white . The mod , colorful '60s were partly a result of their handiwork . "  When we got here , you were all walking around in f**kin' bermuda shorts , with Boston crew cuts and stuff on your teeth , " recalled John Lennon in 1970 . "  We just thought , ` what an ugly race . ' " The effect was immediate -- and overwhelming . In a country of 192 million , more than 73 million people saw The Beatles on Sullivan -- a record for an entertainment program and an incredible figure even in a three-network era , when 25 million viewers was a good performance . Other shows would surpass it -- "  Who Shot J.R. " on "  Dallas , " the finale of "  M * A * S * H " -- but in our fragmented cable-and-Internet world , only the Super Bowl gets bigger audiences nowadays . The Beatles also helped revive rock 'n' roll . Yes , Motown and surf music and girl-group pop were making inroads , but in their retooling of Chuck Berry riffs , R&B grooves and Everly Brothers harmonies , The Beatles carried it to another level . "  Back at the radio I caught ' I Saw Her Standing There ' and was instantly convinced it was the most exciting rock 'n' roll I 'd ever heard , " rock critic Greil Marcus , then a Berkeley college student , wrote in "  The Rolling Stone Illustrated History of Rock and Roll . " When a friend showed him the freshly purchased single , he was agog . "  You could buy this stuff ? " he asked . Back to The Beatles Buy it they did . The Beatles dominated the charts . They had been booked on three straight Sullivan shows ; the second one , broadcast from Miami , had ratings almost as high as the first . By April 4 , they had all five of Billboard 's top five singles . The next week , they had 14 songs in the top 100 . Both are records likely never to be broken . Indeed , so much of what The Beatles did is now unassailable . Radio stations are n't as wide open as they were back then ; nobody would ever program so many songs by the same artist . The iTunes charts seem to change hour by hour , so trends are washed away within days . Music has splintered into countless microgenres . So much of popular music -- both the business and the artistic inventiveness -- can be traced to The Beatles . If they 're back , they 've never really gone away . Three years ago , the group 's 1969 album "  Abbey Road " was the best-selling vinyl album of the year . Thirteen years ago , the greatest-hits package "  1 " was the No. 1 album in the country , wrapping up an eight-week stint at the top . Almost 20 years ago , all three of the "  Anthology " volumes went to No. 1 . And so on . The Beatles are part of our cultural DNA . The hair ? It 's now the norm . The squeals are dedicated to the boy band du jour . The music still reverberates . In February 1964 , though , who could know what the future would bring ? Not even The Beatles imagined becoming household names . And most observers -- besides the cheering fans -- could only see another fad , there to entertain the masses and make way for the next one . "  The only thing that 's different is the hair , as far as I can see , " Ray Bloch , Sullivan 's musical director , told a reporter . "  I give them a year . "	50th anniversary of Beatles on "  Ed Sullivan Show " is February 9 Event was most-watched entertainment program of its time Beatles ' performance helped kick off cultural revolution
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The World Motor Sport Council  WMSC  of the FIA , motor sport 's governing body , has fined McLaren -- the team at the center of the "  spygate " scandal -- $ 100m and stripped it of its constructors ' championship points for the season . And McLaren faces further penalties when the WMSC reconvenes in December 2007 . McLaren must submit a full technical report on its 2008 car . If the WMSC considers that its design was influenced by confidential Ferrari data , then sanctions may be imposed on the team for the 2008 season . McLaren team chief Ron Dennis arrives for the hearing in Paris . In an official press statement , the FIA stated : "  The WMSC has stripped Vodafone McLaren Mercedes of all constructor points in the 2007 FIA Formula One World Championship and the team can score no points for the remainder of the season . "  Furthermore , the team will pay a fine equal to $ 100m , less the FOM -LSB- Formula One Management -RSB- income lost as a result of the points deduction . "  However , due to the exceptional circumstances in which the FIA gave the team 's drivers an immunity in return for providing evidence , there is no penalty in regard to drivers ' points . " Should McLaren 's drivers , Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton , win in any of the remaining races of the 2007 season no representatives of McLaren will be allowed on the podium . The WMSC is expected to announce the reasons for its decisions on September 14 . In July the WMSC ruled that McLaren was in breach of Article 151c of the FIA International Sporting Code but recommended that no punitive measures were taken until a hearing of the FIA 's International Court of Appeal on September 13 . However , in the light of new evidence -- the source and nature of which remain undisclosed -- the WMSC is to reconvene in place of the Court of Appeal hearing . The murky story began in June of this year , when Ferrari sacked its performance director Nigel Stepney and initiated court proceedings against him in Modena , Italy . It then emerged that a 780-page document containing confidential technical data about Ferrari 's F1 car had been found in the possession of McLaren 's chief designer Mike Coughlan . Coughlan 's wife , Trudy Coughlan , had taken the document for duplication at a copy shop near McLaren 's Woking headquarters . An employee of the copy shop , suspicious that confidential data was being copied , blew the whistle to Ferrari . Ferrari suspected the source of the leak was Nigel Stepney , a friend and former colleague of Coughlan 's  the pair had worked together at Lotus in the late 1980s  . Stepney had been the team 's chief mechanic , but in February took his new role as the team 's performance director -- which did not require him to attend grands prix -- when he expressed his disquiet at the Ferrari 's reorganization following the departure of technical director Ross Brawn . Ferrari filed a formal complaint against Stepney in Modena , Italy where the district attorney initiated a criminal investigation . Ferrari issued the following press statement : "  Ferrari announces it has recently presented a case against Nigel Stepney and an engineer from the Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes team with the Modena Tribunal , concerning the theft of technical information . Furthermore , legal action has been instigated in England and a search warrant has been issued concerning the engineer . This produced a positive outcome . " McLaren promptly dismissed Mike Coughlan , its chief designer . It then emerged that Coughlan and Stepney had met with Honda F1 boss , Nick Fry , in June this year to discuss employment possibilities . However Honda were cleared of any wrongdoing by the FIA who were satisfied that no confidential material had been offered to or received by Honda . Coughlan and his wife appeared in the High Court in London for a preliminary hearing on July 10 . Ferrari dropped the case in consideration of the Coughlan 's full disclosure and promise of future cooperation . The furore seemed to cool down after the WMSC 's verdict . Ferrari remained unhappy that McLaren had emerged from the scandal without penalty but the WMSC did not have sufficient evidence to enforce such a penalty . But now the FIA is in possession of new evidence . Rumors have centered on emails between McLaren test driver Pedro de la Rosa and reigning world champion Fernando Alonso . On August 31 Max Mosley the FIA president wrote letters to all three McLaren drivers -- de la Rosa , Alonso and Lewis Hamilton -- in which he stated : "  The FIA has subsequently been made aware of an allegation that one or more McLaren drivers may be in possession , or that such drivers have recently been in possession , of written evidence relevant to this investigation . " The letter continued : "  I can confirm , given the importance of this issue , that any information you may make available in response to this letter will not result in any proceedings against you under the International Sporting Code or the Formula One regulations . However , in the event that it later comes to light that you have withheld any potentially relevant information , serious consequences could follow . " Five days later the WMSC announced it was to reconvene "  following the emergence of new evidence " , in place of the Court of Appeal hearing . Other rumors had emerged regarding a mysterious white powder said to have been found on the fuel caps of the Ferraris of Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa in practice leading up to the Monaco Grand Prix . Stepney has denied involvement in these sabotage claims or in the espionage case in general . Further drama overshadowed Alonso and Hamilton 's one-two on the podium at the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday . Modena 's public prosecutor , Giuseppe Tibis , issued a legal notice -- known as an ` avviso di garanzia ' -- that six McLaren employees were under criminal investigation . The six included McLaren supremo Ron Dennis , managing directors Martin Whitmarsh and Jonathan Neale , technical director Jonathan Neale and designer Rob Taylor as well as Mike Coughlan . This outcome has put a dark shadow McLaren 's return to winning ways . The team , dominant in the late 1990s , had struggled with reliability for some years . But the team is not taking the decision lying down . Martin Whitmarsh , COO of the McLaren Group said : "  We believe we have got the grounds for an appeal , but of course we are going to wait for the findings of the FIA . " E-mail to a friend	McLaren fined $ 100m and docked of all world championship points for 2007 McLaren ordered to submit details of its 2008 car to the FIA for scrutiny McLaren to launch appeal , subject to content of FIA statement McLaren drivers allowed to keep their championship points
CNN  -- Five days of gunbattles between the Indian army and separatist militants in Indian-administered Kashmir have left at least 25 dead -- eight Indian army troopers , including one officer , and 17 militants , the Indian military said Tuesday . An Indian army soldier lays a wreath during the funeral of a slain soldier , northeast of Srinagar on Tuesday . Defense Minister A.K. Antony , meeting with India 's military chiefs in Delhi , reviewed the situation in the Himalayan region and told the Army to deal with the situation in the Himalayan region with "  utmost firmness . " Kashmir has been in the throes of a violent separatist campaign for nearly two decades during which authorities say 43,000 people have been killed . However , various NGOs and rights groups put the number of dead at twice the official count . In Srinigar , Kashmir , Army spokesman Lt. Col. J.S. Brar told CNN the Army was moving against the militants "  based on sound intelligence inputs as well as human intelligence provided by our own sources . " The battles in the Shamsbhari forests of north Kashmir Kupwara district have caused "  minimum collateral damage to property , " Brar said . The spokesman denied media reports that helicopter gunships and heavy weapons had been used by the army during these operations against the militants . This month 's encounter between the Indian Army and the militants is the second longest in Kashmir this year . In January , a fierce encounter raged for seven days in the Poonch district of Jammu region of Indian-administered Kashmir . Two soldiers , a policeman and four militants were killed in that encounter . Kashmir has been the source of bitter dispute and two wars between India and neighboring Pakistan . Both control parts of the region which is predominantly Muslim .	NEW : 25 dead in Kashmir gunfights between Indian troops , separatist militants Incident comes after India accuses Pakistani troops of firing on Indian troops Kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 years
