NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man accused of entering New York 's LaGuardia Airport with a bag containing wires and batteries has been indicted on terror-related charges . Scott McGann , 32 , faces an August 18 arraignment after he undergoes a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation . Scott McGann , 32 , was indicted Wednesday on charges of placing a false bomb or hazardous substance in the first degree ; placing a false bomb or hazardous substance in a transportation facility ; and making terrorist threats , according to Queens District Attorney Richard Brown . If convicted , McGann faces up to seven years in prison , Brown 's office said Friday . McGann initially appeared in court Saturday , but his arraignment was postponed until August 18 pending a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation , Brown 's office said . McGann is being held at the Bellevue Hospital prison ward , according to the New York City Department of Correction . Authorities said McGann walked into LaGuardia 's central terminal on Saturday morning with what was determined to be a fake bomb . The terminal was shut down , then evacuated , but it reopened after several hours . "  The defendant is clearly a very troubled young man , " Brown said . "  As a result , the court has directed that he be examined to determine whether he has the capacity to understand the proceedings against him and assist in his defense . " McGann allegedly arrived at a checkpoint in the terminal at about 4:50 a.m. ET Saturday , carrying a backpack and refusing to answer security questions . Authorities said the officer at the checkpoint was informed that a suspicious package was attached to the bottom of McGann 's backpack and that McGann allegedly grabbed what appeared to be a trigger device with a red button connected to the backpack . McGann allegedly pressed the button several times before an officer with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey grabbed the trigger and the package away from him . The package turned out to be a device consisting of batteries , cylinders and electronic components that could have been used to make a bomb , Brown said , but the bomb squad found that it did n't not contain any explosives . McGann had a ticket on a United Airlines flight to Chicago , Illinois , and a seat on two other connecting flights with his final destination , Oakland , California , according to a law enforcement official close to the investigation . McGann has three earlier arrests in the New York area , the source said . The most recent involved charges in June of tampering with evidence and resisting arrest . He also was arrested twice in 2008 , the source said . Port Authority spokesman John Kelly said McGann was "  just acting crazy . " The arresting officers described McGann as "  extremely disheveled and dirty " and in a "  near catatonic state " and "  staring off into space , " Kelly said . McGann had been homeless for at least a year . Authorities evacuated the terminal after 5:20 a.m. but allowed passengers back in to all areas except Concourse C by midmorning , Kelly said . The concourse was reopened shortly before 11 a.m. Saturday , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Holly Baker . Authorities had stopped flights from taking off or landing at the airport , but flights resumed shortly after 9 a.m. , Baker said . The incident disrupted travel plans for many passengers and caused American Airlines to cancel 16 flights , said an airline representative . American Eagle , Continental Airlines and Southwest also reported delays . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Aspen Steib , Ross Levitt , Laurie Segall , Kristen Hamill and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Scott McGann carried fake bomb into LaGuardia Airport terminal , authorities say McGann , 32 , indicted on terror-related charges , prosecutor says Suspect undergoing court-ordered psychiatric evaluation Incident disrupted travel plans for passengers , caused some flight cancellations
London  CNN  -- Two members of the Basque separatist movement ETA , including one who has been convicted of more than 20 murders , were arrested Friday in London over alleged terror offenses , the Spanish Interior Ministry said . The men were detained at a west London home by officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Counter Terrorism Command . The Spanish Interior Ministry named them as Antonio Troitino Arranz , 55 , and Ignatio Lerin Sanchez , 39 . Troitino has been part of the Basque separatist movement ETA since the 1980s and was involved in many terrorist attacks , the ministry said . One of the worst was the bombing of a police bus in Madrid that left 12 officers dead and injured 51 people , including civilians , it said . Troitino was the one who triggered the bomb , the ministry said . Troitino is wanted under a European arrest warrant issued in April last year "  for belonging to an armed group or terrorist organization , " it said . According to Spanish media reports , Troitino was let out of jail due to what is described as a judicial error , and fled before it could be corrected and he could be detained again . Ignacio Lerin , who has been on the run since 2007 , when his brother was arrested as an ETA member , is wanted on suspicion of belonging to an armed group and possession of explosives , it said . The arrests have dealt a blow to ETA , the ministry said , as Troitino has direct links to the group 's present leadership . In London , officers continue to search the house in Hounslow where the two were arrested before dawn , a Metropolitan Police statement said . A search of a second home has been completed . No weapons have been found , the statement said . The two suspected ETA members , whose arrests were made under extradition law , are being held at a central London police station . A 38-year-old woman also was arrested at the same house as the two Spaniards . She is accused of fraud and remains in police custody , the police statement said . Two other men at the same address were arrested for alleged immigration offenses . Spanish security forces have arrested 16 members of ETA since January , including three in the past week , the Interior Ministry said . Listed as a terrorist organization by Spain , the United States and the European Union , ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for an independent Basque state that it wants carved out of sections of northern Spain and southwestern France . Last year , ETA announced "  a definitive cessation of its armed activity , " raising hopes that decades of separatist violence may finally be over . Spain 's conservative government has stepped up arrests since winning elections in November . The Popular Party of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has long maintained a tough line against ETA . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : Antonio Troitino Arranz 's arrest deals a blow to ETA , the Spanish Interior Ministry says Troitino was responsible for more than 20 murders in terror attacks , it says No weapons have been found in a search of two west London properties , police say
CNN  -- I 'm obviously not the only one disappointed in Barack Obama . I thought he would be another Reagan in at least one respect : He 'd be a great communicator . Listening to his speeches in 2008 , I thought that this man could connect . He had energy and vision , hope and strength . So what happened ? Somewhere along the way , disturbingly early in his first term , he fizzled as a communicator . It 's not that he did n't do good things . He brought the American economy back from the brink of another Great Depression , and  by comparison with our counterparts in Europe  we are doing extremely well . Jobs are back , with unemployment steadily falling , and the stock market has soared , thus underpinning the retirement hopes of millions who rely on equity portfolios to sustain them in their old age . We have discontinued pursuing "  wars of choice , " although it may take generations to recover from the mistake of invading Iraq , which will cost the American taxpayers two trillion bucks -- with health care for veterans taxing our children and grandchildren for years to come . Obama withdrew somewhat precipitously from Iraq , putting too much faith in the Shia-led government in Baghdad and giving ISIS an opening . He may have done this in part out of frustration over the Shia-led government 's inability to provide legal protections for American troops that would have remained . But in truth , he handled the situation pretty well in the end , as ISIS is sputtering out , slowly but surely . Indeed , ISIS was always a ragtag  if singularly vicious  group surrounded by natural and powerful enemies , including Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Hezbollah in Lebanon . They were a flash in the pan , though a painful one . As for Ebola , this seems now under broad control , with the number of cases declining . Ebola was always a greatly exaggerated fear , though obviously a cause for concern that requires vigilance . But this was the ISIS and Ebola election , with panic at high levels on both fronts around the country . And it was widely perceived that Obama was not reacting in a strong way to these threats , even though -- in my view -- he was actually doing quite a lot on both fronts behind the scenes . His mantra has famously been "  do n't do stupid stuff , " and this has largely been a good and rare thing , even if critics pounce on this as a sign of his being a wimp . George W. Bush was no wimp , but look where that got us ! He made the worst foreign policy decision in recent history when he invaded Iraq , setting in motion waves of instability that it will take a generation to quell and subsidize . Health care has , of course , been the main focus of "  hope and change " for Obama , and yet he was also defeated in this midterm election by Obamacare ; denouncing it became a mantra for his political enemies . Yet apart from its initial rollout problems , Obamacare has been a measured success , allowing large numbers of previously uninsured American to have access to health care . The rollout problem was not just the result of too much interest in the program , though there certainly was that . It was a flawed website that could n't handle the demand , and it was a management failure not to have sufficiently tested the system before it went online . But the state-run insurance exchanges have largely been a success : Even Mitch McConnell has been forced to support the way the exchange has worked in Kentucky , although he does n't support the benefits of this program for people in other states ! One would have thought the considerable positive effects of Obamacare , including the widely reported reduction in health care costs , would have helped Democrats . But that did n't happen . Let 's face it , Obama did a lousy job of making the success of his health care program understandable to the wider public . He also did a lousy job of consulting with Republicans about this program before it was passed , and he seems curiously disinterested in actually talking with the American people about his successes , although he will occasionally give a speech and , in what seems like a bored way , recite his accomplishments . The problem is , I suspect , that he does n't believe in himself . He is n't willing to buy his own story . There must be many reasons for this . Richard Falk , in a good article in Foreign Policy last summer , notes that , in fact , Obama has never felt confident in separating from the macho rhetoric of Bush . He has spoken repeatedly about America 's right to act on its own in the world , saying  for instance  in one speech at West Point : "  I believe in American exceptionalism with every fiber of my being . " What he offers is , according to Falk , a "  watered down neoconservertive global agenda " -- but does n't really seem to believe what he 's saying , as he walks every assertion like one this back in due course . It 's clear enough from his actions in Iraq and Afghanistan that he actually wants the U.S. to exert less , not more , military presence abroad , and to work with coalitions and within the confines of international law , like any other civilized nation . We are not the only country in the world , however much we like to imagine we are . It 's crucial that we work in partnership with other countries . What better time to do this than now , when much of the industrialized world seems very much anti-authoritarian and democratic ? We should consider Europe and Japan , India , Israel , and most countries in Latin America our natural allies in the movement toward a peaceable world , where economic stability and human rights are respected . I will dare to hope that , in the waning years of his presidency , Barack Obama might actually begin to communicate with the American people about his real dreams for a better world . Not doing stupid stuff is fine . But it 's not everything . And he knows that already .	Jay Parini : Many impressed by Obama in 2008 let down . What changed about him ? He 's done much : Brought down unemployment , saved economy , brought health care reform But he does n't communicate this . Why ? Perhaps he does n't believe in himself , he says Parini : Especially on foreign policy , my hope is he 'll better spell out his hopes for the world
CNN  -- Two feet of snow has fallen in western New York and more is coming along the southern shore of Lake Erie from Cleveland , Ohio , to Buffalo , the National Weather Service said Monday . The heavy snow spread north of Buffalo as well . "  Yesterday morning we had none . So it 's quite a transition to go from no snow to all this . When you open the door , it 's amazing , " librarian Dorothy Valenti told The Associated Press by telephone from Constableville , New York , not far from the east end of Lake Ontario . "  It 's strange to have a snow day before Thanksgiving . " The latest lake-effect storm dropped 23 inches on Ellicottville , New York , 40 miles south of Buffalo , as of 10:15 a.m. Monday and 20 inches on nearby South Dayton . "  It 's not nice , " emergency dispatcher Laurie Moore in New York 's Cattaraugus County told The AP . "  Lots of snow . Roads are snow-covered and slippery . " An additional 6 inches of snow could come by evening , according to CNN affiliate WGRZ-TV in Buffalo . The National Weather Service posted lake-effect snow warnings from Buffalo to Cleveland , Ohio , through Tuesday afternoon . Watch how heavy snow wreaks havoc in Ohio " Lake-effect snow occurs when cold air passes over a warmer body of water , in this case Lake Erie , according to the weather service . The cold air sucks up the moisture and heat from the water , dropping it as snow when it moves over land . Wind and snow showers with temperatures in the 20s are forecast for the NFL "  Monday Night Football " game between the Buffalo Bills and the Cleveland Browns , WGRZ reported . To the south along Interstate 90 , shoppers in Erie , Pennsylvania , were preparing for the worst on Sunday . iReport.com : Thunder , lightning accompany snowstorm "  I just went and bought new wipers ... I 'm scared ! " Angela Gadzek , of Warren , Ohio , told CNN affiliate WJET-TV . The area could expect as much as a foot of snow before Tuesday , WJET reported . "  Just pray everybody stays safe on the roads , just slow down and use your head , " Mark Alexander , of Albion , Pennsylvania , told WJET . "  We 're ready , we got steady snow tires on everything , and everything 's secure at home , " Alexander told WJET . In Ohio , state transportation officials were concerned about keeping the roadways safe . Rock salt to clear roads of ice was in short supply , CNN affiliate WKYC-TV reported , and authorities were looking for ways to stretch supplies to counteract escalating prices . The Ohio Department of Transportation used sensors in the roads to target the worst spots and help plow drivers determine how much salt to use , WKYC reported . They were also wetting the salt before spreading it to prevent it from bouncing off highways , WKYC said . Three to five inches of snow are expected in northeastern Ohio , for a total accumulation of up to 10 inches , WKYC said . Authorities advised motorists to put off non-essential travel until the snow threat eased . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Eastern end of Lake Ontario hit hard Lake-effect snows blanket area from Buffalo to Cleveland Shoppers gather supplies in Pennsylvania Ohio tries to stretch supplies of road salt
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Temperatures were slowly warming Thursday across the South , where freezing rain glazed roads with ice , but a sprawling winter storm system remained in place across the upper Plains states . The National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings and advisories for more than a dozen states . The brunt of the system is poised to hit Kentucky , Virginia and West Virginia , but several inches of snow are forecast for portions of Indiana , Ohio , Tennessee and North Carolina , as well as Minnesota and the Dakotas . Winter weather advisories stretched into Wisconsin and Minnesota . In Kentucky , up to a quarter-inch of ice could accumulate on roadways , the weather service warned , in addition to previously fallen snow . Three to six inches of snow were forecast for eastern Virginia . The low pressure system laid down an icy path across northern Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi on Wednesday . Scores of traffic accidents were reported Wednesday night and early Thursday . "  I personally slid through two intersections , " one traveler said in Cherokee County northwest of Atlanta . "  I spun out a couple of times . " "  I grew up in Chicago , for God 's sake , " another driver said . "  This is an absolute disaster . " However , no significant power outages accompanied the wintry weather in Georgia . Fewer than 500 customers were without power as of about 11 a.m. Thursday , Georgia Power reported . Delays were reported at Washington 's Reagan Airport and Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Thursday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration 's flight status website . "  Winter weather in the Midwest & Southeast has impacted travel to , from , and through Iowa , Minnesota , North Dakota , South Dakota , Wisconsin , Michigan , Ohio , Georgia , Tennessee , and Kentucky , " said an advisory Wednesday on the website for Delta Airlines , the largest carrier in Atlanta . AirTran Airways warned that the wintry weather could result in flight delays and cancellations , according to a company statement . AirTran passengers scheduled to travel either to or from Atlanta , Georgia , between 7 p.m. Wednesday and noon Thursday will be permitted to change their reservation without penalty as long as the travel is completed within three days of the originally scheduled departure date , the statement said . Up to a half-inch of ice was forecast to accumulate across Kentucky and Tennessee and into northern Mississippi and Alabama , raising the risk of downed power lines for residents across the region , the National Weather Service said . Two people died in a wreck on an icy bridge in Alabama on Wednesday , officials said , and another died in a car accident in Mississippi . Areas from Minnesota to Ohio to New York have seen more than a foot of snow in the past several days . The harsh weather stranded about 300 people in Canada Tuesday after what a local official called the most brutal storm to hit the Ontario region in more than two decades . Some people had been stuck in their vehicles for more than 24 hours after blinding snow piled up so high that opening vehicle doors proved nearly impossible . By Wednesday , officials said everyone had been rescued . On Tuesday , record lows were set from Virginia to Florida . High temperatures were 30 degrees below average for this time of year . The cold air lingered again Thursday morning , with freeze warnings posted as far as south as Boca Raton , Florida . But Florida 's winter fruit and vegetable crops have so far survived the freezing temperatures without too much damage , industry officials said Tuesday . CNN 's Ed Payne , Vivian Kuo and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Temperatures warming in South NEW : Winter storm warnings still posted for numerous states Weather-related accidents piled up vehicles in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi The weather system could bring more snow and freezing rain to parts of the United States
Syrian rebels and a Kurdish militia appear to be negotiating a cease-fire after clashes in the battle-scarred northern city of Aleppo on Saturday left at least 21 fighters dead and more than 100 people kidnapped . According to Ahmad Afash , a commander from the rebel Free Syrian Army , or FSA , at least 16 FSA fighters were killed when they clashed with armed members of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party , or PYD , on Saturday . He said at least five Kurdish fighters were also killed in the battle . Read more : Kurds ' ambitions add explosive element to Syria equation The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that at least 30 people were killed in the battle . There were conflicting accounts of who started the fight . But the clash raises the specter of Syria turning into an anarchic battleground for competing ethnic and sectarian militias , as the civil war grinds on . The FSA is an armed movement fighting the Syrian government . It is largely made up of Arabs from Syria 's majority Sunni Muslim sect . The PYD says it represents Syria 's long-oppressed ethnic Kurdish minority . It is also the Syrian offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , a pan-Kurdish nationalist movement better known internationally for the guerilla war it has fought for nearly three decades against the government of neighboring Turkey . Read more : Envoy to Syria meets with Russian minister after truce unravels A PYD activist who asked only to be named Abu Mohammed for security reasons told CNN that "  the Free Syrian Army opened fire on a demonstration by the people who were demanding that the FSA leave their Kurdish majority neighborhood . " Abu Mohammed sent CNN a link to a video distributed by "  Ronahi TV , " a representative of the PYD . Purportedly filmed in the Aleppo neighborhood of Ashrafiya on Saturday , it showed hundreds of Kurdish demonstrators chanting in Kurdish , "  long live our fighters " and "  Kurdish unity . " Some of the men were armed with shotguns , and some activists also wore the red , yellow and green of the PYD and chanted "  Apo , " the nickname of PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan , who is imprisoned on an island in Turkey . At one point in the video , gunfire rings out and demonstrators run for cover . The video later showed several wounded men being brought to hospital . It was not clear who injured them . Another member of the PYD , from the Syrian town of Afrin , who asked not to be named for security reasons , also accused FSA rebels of breaking a peace agreement with the Kurdish militia . "  There was an agreement between us and the FSA not to enter the Kurdish-dominated areas with their weapons , " the Kurdish activist said in a phone call with CNN . "  But then a group of FSA fighters just entered the neighborhood of Ashrafiya and set up checkpoints ... then we had to respond because it was a breach of the agreement . " Read more : Turkish government asks Kurdish prisoners to end hunger strike But Ahmed Afash , the FSA commander based in the town of Anadan , directly north of Aleppo , said that "  PYD militants attacked an FSA checkpoint , killed a number of FSA fighters and kidnapped several others . " Kurdish and FSA activists agree , however , that the initial clash triggered a round of kidnapping , during which both militias grabbed members of each others ' communities . Afash , who commands an FSA brigade that calls itself the "  Free Men of Syria , " claimed responsibility for the capture of "  a number of civilian Kurds " on Saturday in order "  to force the PYD to negotiations . " On Sunday , the Kurdish Taakhi Coordination Committee announced on its Facebook page that 120 Kurds who had been kidnapped by the FSA "  were released ... and negotiations are now being held by the PYD and the FSA to find a way out of this . " That account was echoed by the PYD member in Afrin , who told CNN that "  we have both released the people who got kidnapped and captured , and I think we will reach an agreement soon . " Read more : Report says Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent The incident came as no surprise to a Syria expert . "  It was a matter of time before the PYD and opposition armed groups came to clash , " Peter Harling , a Syria analyst with the nonprofit conflict mediation organization International Crisis Group , wrote in an e-mail to CNN . He said that Kurdish militias and Syrian rebels have conflicting ideologies . "  The latter distrust the former 's allegedly secessionist agenda , its secular outlook , and its relatively accommodating stance vis a vis the regime , while the PYD sees opposition armed groups as importing a hegemonic , pan-Islamic worldview , " Harling added . "  For now none of these two sides has in interest in seeing this escalate , however . The armed opposition is focused on defeating the regime , and the PYD would rather stay on the sidelines as long as it can secure the areas where Kurds congregate . " Last summer , as anti-government rebels battled regime forces , PYD militants made a power grab in several Kurdish communities along Syria 's northern border with Turkey . PYD activists raised the Kurdish flag over these towns and declared them autonomous from central government rule . But they also refused join the armed rebellion against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , preferring to stay on the sidelines of Syria 's bloody civil war .	Clashes in Aleppo on Saturday left at least 21 fighters dead , more than 100 people kidnapped The Free Syrian Army , or FSA , is mostly Sunni Muslim and is fighting Syria 's government The Kurdish Democratic Union Party , or PYD , says it represents Syria 's oppressed Kurds Expert : FSA distrusts PYD 's secular outlook ; PYD is wary of FSA 's "  pan-Islamic worldview "
CNN  -- The call girl involved in the sex scandal with former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer filed a lawsuit Monday suing the founder of the "  Girls Gone Wild " video series for more than $ 10 million . Ashley Alexandra Dupre says she posed for "  Girls Gone Wild " as a teen . In the complaint filed in Miami , Florida , Ashley Alexandra Dupre says she was vacationing in Miami Beach when she was approached by agents and representatives of the defendant , Joe Francis , and offered alcoholic drinks . While intoxicated , Dupre was persuaded to expose her breasts and then told to sign a release form , according to a statement from her legal counsel , Richard C. Wolfe . Wolfe contends that Dupre "  was 17 years old and therefore not legally competent to enter into a contract with the defendants . " Dupre was the high-priced call girl , known as "  Kristen , " documented in court papers as the woman Spitzer arranged to meet at Washington 's Mayflower Hotel in February . Spitzer 's involvement turned up in a federal investigation of suspicious transfers from his checking account . The investigation led agents to the alleged organizers of a prostitution ring , four of whom were charged in a criminal complaint in March . Spitzer resigned when a leak identified him as a client of the ring . In March , Francis was negotiating to pay Dupre $ 1 million to appear in the "  Girls Gone Wild " magazine and on the company 's touring bus . The deal fell through when Francis found he already owned video footage of Dupre . Francis said Monday he and his company "  have nothing to worry about . " "  But I think it 's ironic that she charged Gov. Spitzer $ 2,000 for sex and she wants to charge me 10 million for taking some naked pictures of her , " Francis told CNN . "  I feel like I 'm getting a raw deal . " E-mail to a friend	Ashley Alexandra Dupre says she posed nude after being plied with alcohol Lawyer says she was 17 and so not of legal age to sign consent form "  Girls Gone Wild " founder says his company is n't worried Dupre is call girl whose contact with Spitzer led to his resignation as governor
CNN  -- The deadly attack in Kabul on Shi'ite worshippers celebrating the feast of Ashura adds one more layer to the country 's overlapping security crises . And they evoke violent sectarian rivalries in Iraq and Pakistan , where animosity between Sunni and Shia runs deep . Afghanistan has its own cultural rifts -- between ethnic Pashtun and Tajik , for example -- but it 's rare to see such an explosion of religiously motivated violence . Kate Clark , with the Afghan Analysts Network in Kabul , described the attack as "  a real shock . " "  Whatever else has happened in the past 30 years we have n't had this sort of sectarian attack aimed at killing lots of people , " she told CNN by phone from the Afghan capital . The first claim of responsibility for the bombing in the Afghan capital has come from a militant Sunni group in Pakistan with a history of sectarian attacks against Shia . A man identifying himself as a spokesman for Lashkar-e-Janghvi al Almi , a group with links to al Qaeda and the Pakistan Taliban , claimed responsibility for the attack in a call to Radio Mashaal , a Pashto-language station in Pakistan sponsored by the United States government . A similar call was reportedly made to the BBC 's Urdu-language service . The group is an offshoot of the powerful Lashkar-e-Janghvi  LeJ  , which has a record of high-profile suicide bombings in Pakistan , including the attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad in 2008 . Al-Almi 's most destructive attack to date was a double suicide bombing in northwest Pakistan last year . The bombers -- wearing burkas -- killed 42 people belonging to tribes that opposed the Pakistan Taliban , also known for its antipathy toward Shia . If the claim by Al-Almi proves valid , it would not surprise some Afghan Shia , who were quick to point the finger at some form of Pakistani involvement in the attacks Tuesday . LeJ has a long history of targeting the Hazara Shia community in Pakistan . The Hazara are numerous in both Pakistan and Afghanistan , and make up much of Afghanistan 's Shia minority . They have endured decades of persecution in both countries , and Sunni militants have frequently painted then as collaborators with occupying powers . This year , apparently in retaliation for the killing of Osama bin Laden , LeJ gunned down several Hazara in Quetta , capital of Balochistan province and also home to the Afghan Taliban 's political leadership . In a subsequent open letter , the LeJ warned : "  We will rid Pakistan of -LSB- this -RSB- unclean people . Pakistan means land of the pure , and the Shias have no right to be here . " In October , Sunni militants killed dozens more Hazara . In one instance , they stopped a bus of Shia pilgrims on their way to Iran from Pakistani Balochistan and shot dead 26 male passengers in front of their families . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has not been obviously active in Afghanistan since it maintained training camps there during Taliban rule in the 1990s . But other Sunni militants -- especially factions among the Pakistani Taliban -- have established a presence in some Afghan border provinces . And regional analysts perceive fluid links , contacts and cross-fertilization between the myriad groups operating in the Afghan-Pakistan border region . The Taliban were quick to disown and condemn the attacks . Kate Clark says that while she is circumspect about the Taliban 's denial , such an attack would be at odds with the Taliban leadership 's claim to be a national movement -- and is not part of a pattern of such attacks by the group . Clark also points out that Mullah Omar in his Eid message last month urged Taliban fighters to "  protect the lives , wealth and honor of ordinary people . " That being said , 80 percent of all civilian deaths in Afghanistan are attributed to the armed opposition ; and orders from the Quetta Shura , as the leadership is known , are only patchily enforced by field commanders . The Taliban are not a monolith , as one Afghan observer puts it , and it is possible that at local level there may have been collaboration between a Taliban operative and LeJ . The Taliban have not played the sectarian card since becoming an insurgency . But when in power in the 1990s they brutally persecuted Afghanistan 's Hazara community . Human Rights Watch documented two massacres of Hazara in 2000 and 2001 by Taliban forces . And after capturing Mazar e Sharif in 1998 , Taliban fighters killed hundreds of Hazara in retaliation for the mass execution of its own soldiers the previous year . Since the overthrow of the Taliban , Afghanistan 's Hazara have prospered -- in higher education , the government and the military and they have embraced new democratic processes . The annual Ashura celebration in Kabul has become more elaborate . That may have been temptation enough for the Hazaras ' enemies . If the bombings on Tuesday were an attempt to sow sectarian strife in Afghanistan , they most obviously imitate al Qaeda in Iraq , which when led by Abu Musab al Zarqawi tried to ignite a sectarian war between Sunnis and the country 's Shi'ite majority in a series of attacks aimed at holy Shi'ite occasions and shrines . Read the latest on the attacks and the cancellation of Karzai 's trip Kate Clark of the Afghan Analysts Network believes that in Afghanistan restraint will prevail . Hazara leaders have already called on their community to remain calm and not to take the bait offered by these attacks . On all sides , Clark says , there is a realization that sectarian conflict is a no-win situation in which tit-for-tat attacks would claim hundreds of lives .	Shi'ite worshippers were attacked as they celebrated Ashura The attack harkens violent sectarian rivalries in Iraq , Pakistan This kind of sectarian aggression is rare in Afghanistan
Zango Town , Liberia  CNN  -- At the gravesite in a northern Liberia village , there are no religious or traditional burial rites . No ceremony , no mourning , no family members , and no final goodbyes . Nothing but a group of men dressed in space-suit-like outfits , cautiously throwing the dead body into the grave , they pause only to toss in anything else they are wearing that came into contact with the deceased . These men are part of the country 's Ebola response team , specifically tasked with burying anyone suspected to have died of the Ebola virus . The virus is spread through contact with the blood and body fluids of people infected with Ebola , and it is still transferable even from a dead body . To help combat the spread of the disease , the Liberian government has directed that its citizens should not bury anyone who dies of , or is suspected of having been infected with , Ebola . For months Liberians ignored the directive , fearing that they would be ostracized by their communities if they admitted that their relatives had died of Ebola , but here in Lofa County -- ground zero of the country 's outbreak -- almost everyone has witnessed the devastating suffering and numerous deaths caused by the virus . Now almost anytime there is a suspected Ebola death in the community , they call in the Ebola response team to come and bury the body safely . Safe burials "  When it started , it was n't that easy , " says Alpha Tamba , an Ebola response coordinator in Lofa County . "  It was kind of difficult for communities to disclose death . People preferred driving us away . " "  We must be grateful for the communities , through the efforts of the local leaders . Now they are disclosing death to us , " he explains . Today , the team has been called to a village where a woman has died of unknown causes . It may not have been from the deadly virus , but the villagers are not taking any chances . The Lofa County health team arrives carrying gloves , gowns , goggles and diluted bleach . They suit up : from head to toe , no skin is exposed . On their hands they wear three layers of gloves , securing the edges with clear tape at the wrists . Before they enter the house to collect the body , one of them goes in and sprays the house with bleach . Then -- and only then -- can the rest of the team enter to place the body in an airtight polythene bag , ready for burial . Wailing rents the air as the burial team walks out of the house carrying the body on a stretcher . Some of those crying are the dead woman 's family members ; for their own safety , they can only mourn from a distance . Town abandoned A few kilometres away from the village is Zango Town : most of the houses here have been abandoned , their doors padlocked and windows shuttered . Some of the residents abandoned the town in such a hurry that their clothes and floor mats have been left hanging on clotheslines . Kazalee Johnson , a community worker , tells CNN the empty houses belong to people who either died of Ebola or those who fled in terror , for fear of contracting the virus . Johnson says he lost his 8-months-pregnant sister , his brother , niece and many , many others : too many to name . "  They died . They died , " he says . "  So many people die -- the houses on your right and even the houses on your left . They are all gone , " says Johnson . It 's hard to imagine another area in Lofa county that has been harder hit than this one . But then there 's Barkedu Town -- of the 1,000 or so Ebola-related deaths in Liberia , 20 % of the victims have died in this single town . Quarantine zone Home to more than 8,000 people , Barkedu is now under quarantine : no one can go in , and no one can go out . The toll of the isolation is weighing heavily on the community . "  From the time we started receiving death from Ebola -- every activity cease , " says Musa Sessay , the town 's chief . "  Because we do farm here and now there 's been no farming . " "  We need food , we really need medicine . But the most important one is medicine because the hospital is closed down , there is no health worker , " he says . This is what life is like across Lofa : The people are locked in , afraid and alone . And not even the health workers are spared the ravaging effects of Ebola . Sometimes when they are called in to investigate a case , they get there only to discover the victim is one of their own . Ebola nightmares One of the local clinics had to be locked up after all the healthcare workers based there contracted the virus . Only one survived . "  It is very heartbreaking . You are working for the team at the front and you see them lying down . Day by day , they are dying , " says Tamba , who admits the harrowing work he does has caused him nightmares . "  Sometimes we go to bed and we dream of nothing else but Ebola , Ebola , Ebola -- nothing else , " he explains . "  Several times I dream I become infected , I see myself in the case management center . " But he says that amid all the bad news , he is beginning to hear happier tidings : an increasing number of Ebola survivors , people who initially tested positive for the virus but -- because they reported it early and because of the medical teams ' efforts -- later recovered . These positive outcomes keep Tamba hopeful as he and other health workers continue to tirelessly explain to the community how to prevent infection . "  It is difficult to stand in front of Ebola , but this is the situation we have , " he says . "  We must do everything we can to kick Ebola out of our country . "  Staying at home or running away from Ebola is not a solution , so we have to face it . We have to fight it . To get it to zero . " READ MORE : Ebola death toll passes 1,550 , outbreak worsens READ MORE : Ebola : Nine things to know about the disease READ MORE : Ebola : Your biggest questions answered	Liberia is one of the countries worst-hit by the West African Ebola outbreak Entire towns and villages have been placed into quarantine or abandoned by residents Health workers must ensure those who die of virus are buried safely , to avoid contamination "  Running away from Ebola is not a solution -- we have to face it , fight it , " says Alpha Tamba
CNN  -- The legendary Hanging Gardens of Babylon are the inspiration behind an ambitious plan to grow a rooftop forest high above Beirut 's crowded streets . The cityscape is currently overshadowed by concrete highrises , with parkland making up just 3 % of Lebanon 's capital , according to a study by the American University of Beirut . The lack of greenery has contributed to poor air quality and trapped heat , among a host of other environmental issues , claims architect Wassim Melki . This led him to the the unconventional idea of greening over the city 's rooftops . "  We want to cover the top of nearly every building in the city with trees , " said Melki . Challenging though it sounds , Melki 's proposal does not involve complicated drainage systems or engineering . "  We 're just talking about planting small to medium-sized trees in relatively large pots and securing them to the roofs , " he added . The 28-year-old architect claims there are 15,000 suitable rooftops -- around 80 % of those in the city . "  Even planting just one on each would result in as many trees as there are in New York 's Central Park , " he said . With colleagues at local NGO ReAct , Melki aims to plant 60,000 trees eventually . They say that as well as making a sizable dent in the level of carbon dioxide in the air , the trees would also create a rooftop canopy , casting shadows on the streets and helping to keep the city cool . Nevertheless , Wonder Forest , if realized , would not be comparable to a public park . "  Planting trees in the ground is always preferable , and nothing can replace a wide open space to walk through , " said Melki . Comment : Would you give the scheme your support ? Is the Wonder Forest project a feasible and much needed innovation or a pretty but impractical pipe dream ? Tell us you thoughts in the comments section below . Melki estimates the total cost of the project at $ 3.5-4 million and is currently lobbying for the Wonder Forest via NGO ReAct and a Facebook page . Ultimately though , the success of the idea is in the hands of Beirut 's residents -- who would need to tend the gardens , particularly over the hot summer months . "  Even if all the trees and their installation is provided , if the residents do n't subsequently get involved , then the plan will fail , " said Melki . There could also be benefits for the green fingered , says Melki , who could turn a profit growing and selling olives and citrus fruits , which thrive in Beirut 's Mediterranean climate . Read more from Road to Rio : Futuristic farm shop grows food in synthetic veg patch "  Aside from the major environmental and social benefits , it would also be incredibly iconic , " he says . "  Just imagine : The world 's first rooftop garden city . "	Architect 's "  Wonder Forest " concept would turn Beirut skyline green The plan involves installing 60,000 potted trees on the city 's rooftops Benfits include improved air quality , reduced CO2 emissions and increased shade
CNN  -- With presents to buy and families to visit , the holiday season can become an endless to-do list . But take some of that vacation time to explore the holiday spirit in action . At these five wonderlands around the country and the world , you 'll find the wonder of winter , the wonder of shopping and the wonder of Santa Claus up close . White River National Forest , Minturn , Colorado This year , the White River National Forest is known for two things . It 's the most visited recreational forest in the country , a hub of skiing aficionados , thanks to nearby Aspen and Vail , and it 's also the home of the 2012 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree . Since 1970 , the Capitol Architect has partnered with a different National Forest to choose a new tree for the Capitol lawn . This year it was White River . "  This was the first time that White River 's ever had the privilege of providing it , so it was a big deal for us , " said Bill Kight , a Forest Service spokesman . The Capitol Tree tours the country during the holiday season before making its way back to Washington -- and it offers visitors a chance to see a piece of the White River National Forest on the move . Those who see the forest itself should expect a different experience than in the warmer months , according to Aurora Palmer , who works in public affairs and sustainable operations at the park . During the winter season , the major attractions include skiing , snowmobiling and sledding , as well as other icy sports . The park even gives out permits for those looking to cut down their own Capitol Tree . "  Fantasy of Lights , " Callaway Gardens , Pine Mountain , Georgia Callaway Gardens ' "  Fantasy of Lights " is entering its 21st year . The resort has n't added a new scene to the massive lights display since 2000 . And yet it has lost none of its holiday power . "  It 's amazing to see the faces of the people as they come through the gates , and they leave , and they make those Christmas memories , " said Callaway Gardens spokeswoman Rachel Crumbley . The Georgia resort draws guests year-round . But "  Fantasy of Lights " -- which includes 8 million lights in 15 seasonal scenes , making it one of the largest displays nationwide -- is special , Crumbley said , drawing both couples and families . "  It 's just on such a grand scale , " Crumbley said . "  And with the music combined with the lights combined with the themes , I think it kind of resonates . " Lake Placid , New York Lake Placid and the surrounding Adirondack Mountains see the majority of visitors between May and October , but that does n't mean that the area is lacking when the weather gets colder . Thanks to its proximity to the mountains , Lake Placid offers "  just what the Adirondacks offer , " said Kim Rielly , spokeswoman at the Lake Placid Convention and Visitors Bureau . That means a variety of outdoor recreation , in a park that stretches across 6 million acres . That 's equal to 6 million football fields , she said , although she says that 's a conservative estimate . In the last 100 years , Lake Placid has hosted the Winter Olympic Games twice , and it remains a destination for the athletic . Still , Rielly called Lake Placid a "  cool little alpine village in the middle of the wilderness . " At the center of town is an old ski jump , while the surrounding wilderness of the Adirondacks holds multiple museums for exploring and 43 peaks for hiking . One of them , Whiteface Mountain , is paved all the way to the top , so that families can visit the peak by car . And from December 7-9 , Lake Placid will host a "  Holiday Village Stroll , " featuring workshops , holiday story time , a "  Jingle Bell Run " and more . Mall of America , Bloomington , Minnesota The Mall of America remains a destination for any holiday shopper , if only because of its size , featuring more than 500 shops . But this year , the mall is adding to its seasonal appeal with the unveiling of the "  HGTV Holiday House , " a life-size gingerbread house . Guests can explore the space , which will feature demonstrations , meet-and-greets and regular appearances from HGTV 's stable of home dÃ © cor and design personalities . Beyond that , the mall is also hosting a Holiday Music Festival ; and its multi-floor shopping selection , complete with an amusement park and larger-than-life Lego installations , dwarfs any other shopping experience as an indoor travel option . Santa Claus Village , Rovaniemi , Finland Last on the list is a wonderland across the globe , "  the official home of Santa Claus , " at Rovaniemi in Finland . It 's not just a title : one of the town 's main attractions is the Santa Claus Village . At the heart of the village is the Santa Claus Chamber , where Santa lives , ready to greet visitors . One of the village 's biggest draws is the Santa Claus Main Post Office , said Sanna Kortelainen , managing director for Rovaniemi Tourism & Marketing . "  The Santa Claus Main Post Office is a real post office , which operates 365 days in the year , " she said . "  That is the place where all the letters to Santa are sent . The letters are opened by post elves and read through . " After that , guests can ride a sleigh or visit the reindeer farm or even explore the Arctic Circle , which begins at the edge of Rovaniemi . The Christmas season is also the best time of year to visit , Kortelainen said . The season begins with a declaration from Santa on November 24 and goes into January , ending when the sun again begins to rise above the horizon .	White River National Forest in Colorado is the most visited forest in the country Callaway Gardens ' "  Fantasy of Lights " in Georgia features more than eight million lights For the global traveler , consider stopping by the "  official home of Santa Claus " in Rovaniemi , Finland
CNN  -- Last month , two political scientists published one of those rare op-eds that gets the political community talking . The thesis of the piece was contained in the title : "  Let 's just say it : The Republicans are the problem . " In case that was not clear enough , the authors elaborated : "  We have been studying Washington politics and Congress for more than 40 years , and never have we seen them this dysfunctional . "  In our past writings , we have criticized both parties when we believed it was warranted . Today , however , we have no choice but to acknowledge that the core of the problem lies with the Republican Party . "  The GOP has become an insurgent outlier in American politics . It is ideologically extreme ; scornful of compromise ; unmoved by conventional understanding of facts , evidence and science ; and dismissive of the legitimacy of its political opposition . "  When one party moves this far from the mainstream , it makes it nearly impossible for the political system to deal constructively with the country 's challenges . " The piece drew its authority from the authors ' identity : Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein , two of Washington 's most veteran watchers of Congress . Both men have hard-earned reputations for nonideological independence of mind despite their institutional affiliations : Mann works at the liberal Brookings Institution , Ornstein at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .  Ornstein is a friend of mine , and was a colleague until I was given the heave-ho from AEI in March 2010 . Now they have backed their provocative op-ed with a new book , "  It 's Even Worse Than It Looks : How the American Constitutional System Collided With the New Politics of Extremism . " The book backs the arresting op-ed with a battery of depressing research , substantiating their charge that congressional Republicans now act in a uniquely irresponsible way . The debt showdown last summer was the ultimate case : congressional Republicans nearly forcing a default on the obligations of the United States to get their way on a budget agreement . But the pattern manifests itself in almost all the business of government , down to the most mundane . For example : Because Senate rules often require unanimous consent to move to the next order of business , a determined minority can force delay on almost any action it opposes . Since 2009 , Republicans have used this power of delay hyper-aggressively . Compare and contrast the treatment of executive-branch nominees . Sixteen months into the George W. Bush administration , Memorial Day 2002 , only 13 executive-branch nominations awaited confirmation by the Senate . At the corresponding moment in the Obama administration , Memorial Day 2010 , 108 nominees were awaiting action by the Senate . This comparison is supported by another academic study . The confirmation process got gradually slower between the 1960s and the 1990s . Then , suddenly , in the second Clinton administration , the confirmation process seized up . Under the elder Bush , a Republican president facing a Democratic Senate , 92 % of nominees were confirmed within an average of 57 days . In the second Clinton administration , facing a Republican Senate , only 74 % of nominees were confirmed , taking an average of 110 days . Ornstein and Mann offer a convincing array of explanations for the trend toward radicalism within the GOP , including changes in campaign finance and in the electorate itself . They offer too a range of proposals to work around GOP radicalism and restore the effective functioning of Congress . If those proposals have a faint wistful air to them , blame the inherent difficulty of the problem , not Mann and Ornstein . But one thing is missing from their powerful and important book , and it 's a thought I 'd like to enter here into the record : The radicalization of the GOP is a function of changes , not only in U.S. politics , but also in the U.S. economy . Americans are living through an era of disappointment . It 's becoming obvious that the U.S. government can not meet all the expectations that built up in better times . The tax status quo , the Medicare status quo , the social safety net status quo , the defense status quo -- they ca n't all be sustained . Something must give , and almost everybody senses it . In good times , we debate whether government should expand programs or cut taxes -- new benefits in either case . In these times , we are debating whether government should impose large reductions in programs or impose big increases in taxes -- taking from people benefits that they now enjoy . Human beings will typically fight much more ferociously to keep what they possess than to gain something new . And the constituencies that vote Republican happen to possess the most and thus to be exposed to the worst risks of loss . The Republican voting base includes not only the wealthy with the most to fear from tax increases , but also the elderly and the rural , the two constituencies that benefit the most from federal spending and thus have the most to lose from spending cuts . All those constituencies together fear that almost any conceivable change will be change for the worse from their point of view : higher taxes , less Medicare , or possibly both . Any attempt to do more for other constituencies -- the unemployed , the young -- represents an extra , urgent threat to them . That sense of threat radicalizes voters and donors -- and has built a huge reservoir of votes and money for politicians and activists who speak as radically as the donors and voters feel . Which means the solution to the problems so astutely diagnosed by Mann and Ornstein must ultimately be found outside the American political system -- and will not be solved until America 's rich and America 's elderly become either less fearful or more generous . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Op-ed from respected political observers says the core problem with government is GOP It says GOP is extreme , wo n't compromise , is irresponsible , ignores evidence David Frum : GOP 's radicalization is the result of changes in politics and economy Frum : Rich GOP voters could lose the most , others fear change in their lives
CNN  -- One thing fans of the TV series "  Veronica Mars " -- sometimes called "  marshmallows " -- hope to see in the movie "  Veronica Mars " is a resolution to the ongoing debate : Team Logan or Team Piz ? When last we left the young detective , it seemed Veronica had finally settled down with Piz -- something that still seems to be the case in the trailer for the movie , which was funded entirely by legions of devoted fans . "  I know people were pissed off the way it did end , mostly because it was unknown , " Jason Dohring  Logan  told CNN Thursday at the PaleyFest event for "  Veronica Mars , " out this weekend . "  We give it some resolution in the film , but playing it back and forth is what makes the drama in the show . " Logan was never supposed to be coupled with Veronica originally , show creator Rob Thomas revealed at the PaleyFest panel . But he grew on the writers when they saw Dohring 's chemistry with star Kristen Bell . That chemistry came back right away when he did his first scene with Bell on set , Dohring told CNN . "  I think Kristen is amazing , and when she smiles at me I kind of go , ` holy s -- what do I do ? ' I smile back , and it just comes right back . " Meanwhile , Chris Lowell offered "  Team Piz " fans this hint about his character 's chances of being the one to end up with Veronica . "  I think Rob likes to not put a period on the end of every sentence when he finishes something , " he said . "  The show ended on a cliffhanger note . I believe in a way he did a similar thing here . " Thomas said the resolution might still be debated in fan circles even after they see the movie . "  I think that fans will understand why Veronica makes the decisions she makes , " he said . "  It 's a fun predicament to put Veronica in -- will she go with her good sense or her passions ? " One thing Thomas did make clear is that he made the final call on how things ended up . Five ways the show made its mark on TV "  It was not up for a vote . Certainly I had a way I wanted it to go and that 's how it went , but we 'll let the fans decide if they 're happy with how it ended up . " Of course , none of this would have been possible without the crowdfunding from Kickstarter , which gave the movie its budget of well over $ 5 million . "  It 's been a roller coaster ride for me in terms of hope , " he said . "  There were moments where I felt optimistic and bullish about our chances , and others where I felt so low , I thought it would n't happen . Kristen Bell has this confidence and optimism that kept it going . It was like a mini-miracle when it came together . " Thomas thinks this could potentially be something we see more and more , especially when it comes to Warner Bros. , the studio that owns "  Veronica Mars " and gave Thomas the opportunity to try crowdfunding .  Warner Bros. . Pictures is owned by Time Warner , which also owns CNN . "  The next few weeks will tell . If the movie makes money then I think there 's an opportunity for more movies like ours to be made , " he said . "  If we find this model that can support $ 5 or $ 10 million , I think -LSB- Warner Bros. -RSB- would be thrilled , and I 'd be proud if we got more $ 5 to 10 million movies -LSB- based on existing series or properties -RSB- because of this . " So might we get more "  Veronica Mars " after this ? There 's already a CW Web series based on Ryan Hansen 's character Dick Casablancas set to shoot in July . Thomas told the fans at PaleyFest that the idea of a Netflix or Amazon season of "  Veronica Mars " excites him to no end . "  I would love to be able to do the R-rated version of ` Veronica Mars . ' I would love to tell some darker stories . " In the meantime , fans can hope that Thomas ' TV adaptation of the comic book "  iZombie " starring Rose McIver  "  Once Upon a Time , " "  Masters of Sex "  gets picked up by the CW . "  They said they wanted a kick-ass female centric show like ` Buffy ' and ` Veronica , ' and I think it 's a fun show in that vein , " he told CNN . "  I think we jump off the comic book -LSB- storylines -RSB- quite a bit , but we keep the basic idea that our young female zombies have to eat brains to survive , and she gets the memories of the people whose brains she 's consuming . " Well , we can see one big difference right away . So not just "  Veronica Mars " fans but clearly , "  Walking Dead " fans might want to check it out , as well . 11 reasons we love Kristen Bell	The "  Veronica Mars " movie opens Friday The love triangle was a a central plot of the show Creator says he would love a Netflix or Amazon reboot of the series
The Frisky  -- Recently , I discovered that one of my best friends had ditched me after I logged onto Facebook and found her profile had disappeared from my page . When you break up with a best friend online , things can get murky . We 'd been having problems that had culminated in a huge argument the day before , but I figured we 'd get through it . I figured wrong . Still , being given the heave-ho by way of a social networking site ? My first reaction was to laugh . I mean , we 're adults . Unfriending me seemed tantamount to toilet-papering my locker or scribbling my phone number on the boy 's locker room wall . We had been close for well over a decade . We supported each other through parental deaths , and together we 'd bitched and moaned about men for untold hours . I loved her amazing daughter -- buying that little girl Christmas presents was the highlight of my holidays . Suddenly , that was all gone . Suddenly , I was n't laughing . I was crying . We know what to do when boyfriends dump us : sob . We eat everything in the house or take to our beds and refuse all sustenance . Usually , there 's yelling -- at least at my house . The Frisky : How NOT to help heal a broken heart We purge them from our lives . We delete all their emails and erase their number from every electronic device we own . But when you break up with a girlfriend , things are murkier . For one thing , people do n't feel sorry for you the way they do when a romantic relationship bites the dust . You ca n't blame them ; it 's not like you were in love or planning a future with your friend .  Even though you assumed she 'd be part of it .  So , getting wound up about the loss seems somehow , I do n't know , less legit . Is it ? It hurts as much as any other heartbreak . Victoria Clark made a short film on the subject : "  Ruminations on You and Me . " I asked her about the process of grieving a dead friendship . "  As a woman , I expect men to come and go because of the nature of love , " she explained . "  But your girls are supposed to be on your side , no matter what ... That 's what I wanted to believe for a long time , but now I know that that 's not always reality . " The Frisky : What are your rules for friendship on Facebook ? A friend of mine was saddened when her BFF excised my friend from her life after landing a boyfriend . "  She hated being single , so if there was a man anywhere in the vicinity , you 'd be kicked to the curb , " my pal explained wistfully . Even forewarned with this knowledge , it stung when she was dismissed from her friend 's life . The Frisky : Five ways to unfriend a friend Unlike my breakup , there was no dramatic defriending . This woman utilized the passive-aggressive method of choice : the slow fade . "  I remember buying her a birthday gift , but somehow she just never had the time to come collect it . " The Frisky : Ten songs about friendship Like any other kind of relationship , friendships end . It 's not like I 've never dumped a pal . I 've gotten back together with a few . Because I miss her and love her , I gave making up a shot with this one . A few weeks after I was banished from her Facebook page , I emailed her an apologetic note . I never heard back . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author gets ditched on Facebook by good friend and does n't know what to do People do n't feel as sorry for you with a friend breakup You ca n't blame your friend -- it 's not like you were in love Like any other kind of relationship , friendships end but you have to go on
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao returned home to a hero 's welcome in his native Philippines on Friday after wresting the WBO welterweight title from Miguel Cotto on a 12th round technical knockout in Las Vegas . ` Pacman ' has a fanatical following in the Philippines which has been further enhanced by his record breaking victory as he claimed his sixth world title at a different weight by beating Cotto on Saturday night . "  Welcome home , the world 's bext boxer of all time , " read a banner as thousands of fans greeted the 30-year-old . Following his hard-fought victory over Puerto Rican Cotto , all the talk is of a cash-rich superfight with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. next year . Leading promoter Bob Arum said he is ready to put the pay-per-view extravaganza at the 147-pound welterweight class , with Las Vegas the preferred venue . Pacquiao played down the possibility as he talked to reporters on his return . "  We are not forcing a fight with him . It is right that he is the one challenging me , because my fights score more on pay-per-view , " he said . Pacquiao has greatly enhanced his reputation with successive wins over Oscar de la Hoya , Britain 's Ricky Hatton and Cotto . Mayweather returned to the ring with a comfortable win over Juan Manuel Marquez and has the reputation for grossing massive receipts from his pay-per-view appearances . For the moment , Pacquiao will spend time at home with his wife , Jinkee , and three children and is also set to pursue his ambition to enter Filippino politics , standing for a congressional seat in his home island of Mindanao .	Manny Pacquiao returns home to Philippines after Las Vegas triumph Pacman won world title at sixth different weight after beating Miguel Cotto Cash-rich fight against Floyd Mayweather Jr. in the offing in the United States
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A British journalist has been arrested in connection with the incident a week ago in which a fan entered the England football team 's dressing room during the World Cup , South African authorities announced Tuesday . Simon Wright , 44 , was arrested in Cape Town on Monday evening , the National Joint Operational and Intelligence Structure  NATJOINTS  said . He appeared in Cape Town magistrates ' court -- the dedicated World Cup court -- late Monday and was released on bail of 3,000 rand  $ 393  . Wright is a senior reporter for the British tabloid The Sunday Mirror , and had the first interview with the fan after the incident on June 18 . The fan , Pavlos Joseph , was arrested after he entered the England dressing room following their goalless draw with Algeria . In the exclusive interview with Wright two days later , Joseph claimed he got lost while looking for the bathroom and then decided to confront the England team about their poor performance . Joseph is out on bail , having surrendered his passport , while he awaits trial on charges of trespassing . Wright will face charges of attempting to defeat the ends of justice and a contravention of the Immigration Act , providing false information to a place of accommodation , NATJOINTS said in a statement . Under the conditions of his bail , Wright had to surrender his passport to police and must report once daily to Cape Town police , NATJOINTS said . In the interview published June 20 , Wright wrote , "  As South African police hunted high and low for Pavlos , unaware of his name and scouring CCTV  surveillance camera footage  for his face , the man at the centre of it all was calmly sitting down to breakfast with the Sunday Mirror . "	British journalist arrested over World Cup fan intrusion Simon Wright is senior reporter for The Sunday Mirror Wright had first interview with fan after incident Fan broke into England dressing room after July 18 match
CNN  -- Colin Montgomerie might have masterminded Europe 's charge to wrest the Ryder Cup back from the United States in 2010 but a hat-trick of the continent 's best players are adamant he should not be allowed to reprise his role . World No. 1 Rory McIlroy reiterated his support for 2012 vice captain Paul McGinley on the day he announced a new multi-year sponsorship deal with Nike . The 23-year-old -- a two-time major winner -- claimed Montgomerie would have "  nothing to gain " from taking the job on again and his stance was backed by English pair Ian Poulter and Luke Donald . McGinley , a three-time Ryder Cup winner as a player , captained McIlroy at the Seve Trophy in 2009 , when Great Britain and Ireland played against Continental Europe . "  It 's something I feel quite strongly about ; I feel Paul deserves his chance , " McIlroy told CNN from Abu Dhabi . "  He 's been vice captain a few times , he 's holed the winning putt in the Ryder Cup . "  I played under him as a captain in the Seve Trophy a few years ago and thought he was the best captain I 've ever played under . "  I think he 's very deserving and I think it would almost be a little unfair if he did n't get it . " Earlier , at his Nike press conference , McIlroy said : "  I personally do n't feel Monty has anything to gain over this . "  If we go to Gleneagles and lose , he 's already a winning Ryder Cup captain . I 'm fully behind Paul and I think Paul should get the job and hopefully he does . " Poulter was instrumental in Europe 's comeback against the U.S. in the latest installment of the biannual team competition , as they recovered from a 10-6 deficit to retain the trophy in what was known as ` The Miracle of Medinah ' in October . Donald delivered two vital points -- one in Saturday 's fourballs and again in the crucial opening singles match against 2012 Masters champion Bubba Watson . Along with McIlroy , both were instrumental in Montgomerie 's winning turn at Celtic Manor in Wales in 2010 but none of the trio think the legendary Scot should be appointed again . It had seemed to be a straight battle between 2011 British Open champion Darren Clarke , and Irish compatriot McGinley , who both served as vice captains to Jose Maria Olazabal in Chicago . But when the Americans turned once again to Tom Watson , the last U.S. captain to triumph on European soil in 1993 , Montgomerie 's name began to circulate . Boulden : What kind of Nike poster boy will Rory McIlroy be ? Ahead of the announcement on either Tuesday or Wednesday in Abu Dhabi , Montgomerie has emerged as favorite and the 49-year-old has confirmed he would do it again if asked . But Poulter took to micro-blogging site Twitter to say : "  Darren  Clarke  has taken his name out of the running for Ryder Cup captaincy . It would be fantastic to have Paul McGinley as the 2014 captain . " His view was shared by Donald , who became the first man to top the money lists on both the European and PGA Tour in 2011 . He tweeted : "  I hope Paul McGinley gets his chance , he 's been an amazing Vice Captain and deserves an opportunity . " The announcement will be made after a 15-man committee that includes Montgomerie , Clarke and McGinley meets to decide .	Rory McIlroy reiterates support for Paul McGinley in Ryder Cup captain race World No. 1 backs Irishman for Europe 's 2014 contest with United States in Scotland McIlroy says Colin Montgomerie has "  nothing to gain " by doing job again Ian Poulter and Luke Donald also back McGinley to take captaincy
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters demonstrated against China 's human rights record and its crackdown in Tibet after the Olympic flame arrived in San Francisco Tuesday . Pro-Tibetan demonstrators shout outside the Chinese consulate in San Francisco Tuesday . Chanting and waving flags , the protesters ended their march at the Chinese consulate , where they sat in a dense group , holding flags and banners , as police watched from nearby . "  Stop killing , " one sign read , while another said , "  No human rights , no Olympics . " The protests came after passionate demonstrations in London and Paris in which protesters tried to snuff the torch 's flame and dozens were arrested . Meanwhile , the Olympic flame was being kept in an undisclosed location in advance of Wednesday 's planed 6-mile relay in San Francisco . Watch how the city is preparing " The run is the only U.S. appearance for the flame , wrapping up the first week of a 23-city global tour . Beijing organizers have said the monthlong international relay will not be stopped despite the protests , but some International Olympic Committee members have suggested an early end should be considered . The IOC 's executive board will discuss the torch relay "  in general " Thursday or Friday , but there is no proposal on the agenda to end the global tour early , IOC spokeswoman Giselle Davies said . Watch the flame get the red-carpet treatment " The official Beijing Olympics Web site , controlled by the Chinese organizers , gives little indication of any torch relay disruption . It characterizes the demonstrators as "  a small number " of Tibetan separatists . Beijing blames the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted in March amid protests for Tibetan independence . China has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the 49th anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising . China 's Foreign Ministry Tuesday reacted forcefully to the torch relay protests . "  We express our strong condemnation to the deliberate disruption of the Olympic torch relay by Tibetan separatist forces regardless of the Olympic spirit and the law of Britain and France , " China spokeswoman Jiang Yu said . "  Their despicable activities tarnish the lofty Olympic spirit and challenge all the people loving the Olympic Games around the world . " The flame will return to China in May to begin a relay through the host nation , ending in Beijing with the August 8 opening of the Olympic Games . One of the San Francisco torchbearers has dropped out of Wednesday 's relay because of fears of protests , a torch relay spokesman said . David Perry , spokesman for the San Francisco Olympic Torch Relay , said he did not want to release the name of the person . "  I understand anyone that might feel that they do n't want to expose themselves to something more than protest , " Perry said . On Monday , three protesters scaled San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge and raised a large banner . Those who climbed the cables from which the bridge 's deck is suspended were members of Students for a Free Tibet , said group spokesman Tenzin Dasang , 22 . They unfurled a banner that read : "  One World . One Dream . Free Tibet . " The three climbers , along with four people on the ground , were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance charges , said California Highway Patrol Officer Mary Ziegenbein . The climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing . The Golden Gate Bridge protest came on the same day that thousands of protesters forced an abrupt halt to the flame 's passage through Paris after 10 miles of the 17-mile planned route . Some stops were skipped and the flame was transferred from the torch back to the lamp to be carried on a bus several times to avoid protesters . Protesters pierced the thick security bubble surrounding the torchbearers , at times getting their hands on the torch itself . The Paris demonstrations were similar to those Sunday in London , where at least 36 people were arrested , according to London Metropolitan Police . Protesters cited China 's actions in Tibet , its policies on the Darfur region of Sudan and the lack of civil rights and freedoms for the Chinese people . But other demonstrators , bearing Chinese flags , turned out in support of the Chinese government , and many others were spectators there just to see the torch . An Olympic committee member suggested Monday that the public relations nightmare that has followed the Olympic flame on its way to the Summer Games in Beijing may make 2008 the last time such an ambitious global torch relay is attempted . Follow the torch relay itinerary " International Olympic Committee member Richard Kevan Gosper , who is also chairman of the IOC 's press committee , told reporters he was always opposed to a global tour for the flame . "  I 'm a firm believer that we had the right template in the first place , that the torch simply should go from Olympia , Greece , to the host country , " Gosper said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Thousands march to the Chinese consulate ahead of Wednesday 's run Torchbearer drops out , fearing protests , official says San Francisco , California , is only U.S. venue on 23-city global tour Demonstrators protest China 's Tibet policy in cities along route
CNN  -- A Southwest Airlines flight landed safely at a military base in Yuma , Arizona , on Friday with what passengers described as a 3-foot hole in the fuselage of the Boeing 737 . "  I heard a loud popping sound about three or four minutes before it blew open on us , " passenger Greg Hansen told CNN . "  Then  a big explosion happened . A big noise , and from there , you felt some of the air being sucked out . It happened right behind me , in the row behind me and it covers about two and a half rows , " he said from seat 11C . Hansen , 41 , a regional sales manager for a biotech company , was flying home to Sacramento from a business trip . Some people panicked and screamed as the blue sky and sun began to shine through the cabin in mid-flight , he said . "  Most people were just white knuckles holding onto the arm rests . The pilots did a great job and were under control to get us to a manageable level , " he said . But just behind him , Hansen says he could see the jagged edge of the aircraft where the rivets used to be . "  You can see the insulation and wiring . The interior ceiling panel was bouncing up and down with the air , " he said . "  It was surreal , when you 're riding in a modern aircraft . You 're used to being enclosed and not having the window rolled down , " he said . Hansen described the hole as being about 3 or 4 feet long and about a foot wide . Hansen said that he and the rest of the passengers were still on board Southwest Flight 812 , after making an emergency landing at Yuma Marine Corps Air Station/International Airport at 7:07 p.m. ET . The FAA said the captain made a rapid controlled descent from 36,000 to about 11,000 feet after the cabin lost pressure . Investigators are en route to the base , the FAA said . "  We do not know the cause of the decompression , " said Ian Gregor of the FAA . Southwest said in a statement that the flight crew "  discovered a hole in the top of the aircraft . " A new aircraft is en route to the base with maintenance , ground crew and customer service agents "  to assess the damaged aircraft and support the 118 customers aboard . " Hansen said the incident took place about 35 minutes into the flight . He says that it took about 45 seconds or a minute before the oxygen masks came down after the hole blew open . "  The crew was pretty calm about it . They walked around and checked on everyone , " he said . "  But it was n't like the movies where papers get sucked out of the hole , but you could feel it and hear the noise . " Hansen said that most of the passengers were complaining of a pain in their eardrums from a rapid descent . Southwest Airlines said only one injury is being reported . "  There are no reported customer injuries , " reads a statement released by the airline . "  One of the flight attendants , however , received a minor injury upon descent . " Hansen said one male flight attendant appeared to fall , and was bleeding from a facial injury . An airport official told CNN that passengers will remain on board the damaged plane to ensure their safety , until the new replacement plane arrives . "  They have been tended to and are being given refreshments because the temperature on the tarmac is near 100 degrees , " said Yuma International Airport spokeswoman Gen Grosse . One of the passengers told CNN affiliate KOVR that the incident occurred shortly after flight attendants took drink orders . "  I heard a huge sound and oxygen masks came down and we started making a rapid decent . They said we 'd be making an emergency landing , " said the passenger , identified only as Cindy . "  There was a hole in the fuselage about 3 feet long . You could see the insulation and the wiring . You could see a tear the length of one of the ceiling panels . " A spokeswoman for Boeing declined to comment on possible causes of the incident . "  The 737 has an outstanding safety record , " said Julie O'Donnell . "  We are in communication with the  National Transportation Safety Board  and stand ready to assist . " CNN 's John Branch and Rich Phillips contributed to this report	NEW : A 3 - to 4-foot hole is discovered in the plane 's fuselage NEW : Passenger commends pilots for their control of the situation The flight was en route from Phoenix to Sacramento It made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 feet
CNN  It must have seemed like the apocalypse . In less than 60 seconds , a 7.0-magnitude earthquake shifted Haiti 's landscape and changed millions of lives forever . The government estimated about 220,000 deaths from the disaster , which occurred five years ago Monday . It also left about 1.5 million Haitians homeless . Then things got worse . A massive cholera outbreak followed , killing nearly 8,600 . "  Speaking with the people , listening to their stories , I think that they experienced something that was really inhuman , something that it is impossible to understand , or to narrate , " said award-winning Italian photographer Marco Gualazzini , who visited Haiti last month . He said there 's still a lot of work to do . Nearly 80,000 live day to day without a "  proper roof over their heads , " according to the International Organization for Migration . Many of these homeless live in displacement camps . Related : Impact Your World During his visit , Gualazzini found hopeful signs of recovery . But he also noticed disappointing evidence that the nation might be heading toward a dark future economically and politically . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . His photograph of a street market in the capital , Port-au Prince , ranks among his favorite images from this trip because of its soft and peaceful light and the mist rising from the pier . The people at the market represent so much about the state of Haiti today , he said . The scene depicts "  just an ordinary market , a lively market which has been bartering , buying and selling all day long under the baking heat of the sun , " Gualazzini pointed out . "  But for a city that only five years ago suffered an earthquake -- creating so many orphans , widows and cripples , making so many poor people even poorer -- I think it is an extraordinary sign of recovery . " Gualazzini 's visit was n't all as peaceful . Three days a week , anti-government anger and frustration prompted thousands of Haitians to stage protests in slum areas such as Cite Soleil and Waf Jeremie . Protest slogans during these demonstrations often were followed by police firing tear gas and then the sound of gunshots , he said . Related : Prime minister quits after widespread protests "  People are tired of this ever-increasing divide which is being created between the rich and the poor , " Gualazzini said . Haiti , like many other developing countries , Gualazzini said , "  needs to bridge this gap between the opulence of the rich and the inhuman poverty of the ever-more-impoverished poor . " From the moment he arrived , Gualazzini knew where he could capture photos to illustrate that idea . Tiny , brightly painted homes in a slum area known as Jalousie form a backdrop to Petion-Ville , one of the richest and wealthiest districts of Port-au Prince . "  These small buildings clinging to the hills look like houses in a nativity scene , " Gualazzini said , "  and the inattentive visitor would never imagine that this is actually an extremely poor slum area in which violence is still congenital and the inhabitants do not have access even to the most basic facilities . " But Gualazzini had trouble capturing Jalousie in the right light . Nearly every day for three weeks , he fought his way through Port-au Prince 's gridlocked traffic to return to the slum and try for a good picture . Finally , at 6 in the morning on the last day of his visit , he found himself looking at Jalousie again . All packed up and ready to leave the island , while waiting for a taxi , he decided to try one more time . He pointed his camera and focused . And that 's when it happened . "  The light came up from behind the hills and entered the camera , " he recalled . With a push of his shutter button , Gualazzini had captured his elusive shot .  The second photo in the gallery above . "  The quake left an indelible mark on Haiti , " Gualazzini said . "  Yet the people still managed to get back on their feet . They cleared away the rubble and started to build again where there was only pain and death . " If they can successfully confront such devastation , can Haiti 's people next figure out a way to work and prosper together ? As Gualazzini put it , "  They 're at a crossroads . "	Marco Gualazzini 's photos show Haiti five years after a devastating earthquake His stunning images show protest , restoration , enduring scars and hope "  People are tired of this ever-increasing divide between rich and poor , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- The United States and Iran are adding a new round of senior-level talks about the latter 's nuclear program , discussions separate from the so-called P5 +1 process continuing in Vienna . The increase of diplomatic effort comes as an interim agreement reached between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council nears its end . That deal eased some economic sanctions in return for Iran rolling back parts of its nuclear program , which the United States and others believe is designed to produce a weapon . Iran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . Major disagreements on a comprehensive agreement remain , a senior administration official told CNN on Saturday . The new talks appear to be a push to see whether roadblocks can be overcome . "  We believe we need to engage in as much active diplomacy as we can to test whether we can reach a diplomatic solution with Iran on its nuclear program , " the official said . "  These consultations come at an important juncture of the negotiations , and they will give us a timely opportunity to exchange views in the context of the next P5 +1 round in Vienna . " The added talks are not a substitute for the P5 +1 process , the official said . P5 +1 consists of the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany . A look at Iran 's nuclear capabilities UN nuclear inspectors head to Iran as compliance deadline nears	The U.S. and Iran will engage in additional bilateral talks Diplomatic effort comes as an interim agreement nears its end Talks are not a substitute for the P5 +1 talks , an official says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A soldier who survived a Taliban attack that killed nine U.S. troops in Afghanistan last month described a scene of "  pure chaos " in which he watched buddies die . Army Spc. Tyler Stafford is recovering from wounds he suffered in the July 13 attack . Army Spc. Tyler Stafford and fellow soldiers in the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team were establishing an outpost near the village of Wanat when about 200 Taliban militants attacked July 13 . "  They had 200-plus guys all shooting at us -- I mean , pure chaos , " Stafford said . "  You could hear guys screaming . " Nine Americans were killed and 12 -- including Stafford -- were wounded in the deadliest attack on U.S. forces in Afghanistan in three years . Afghan sources said that up to 100 militants were killed in the attack . Stafford , who is recovering at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center , said he and his fellow soldiers were facing Taliban fighters on three sides when the attack began . The Americans were outmanned and outgunned . A NATO spokesman said the defense of the outpost was "  heroic . " Once he was wounded , Stafford called out to his friend , Cpl. Matthew Phillips . "  I yelled to him , I was like , ` Phillips , man I need help . I 'm hit . ' ... I looked at him and I called him about four or five times . I was like , ` Phillips . Phillips . Are you all right , Phillips ? ' And he never moved . "  That 's the first one of my buddies I 've ever seen die . " A short distance away was Cpl. Jonathan Ayers . "  He never once stopped shooting , " Stafford said . "  I thought that was completely amazing . He never , I mean , he finally was killed by -LSB- rocket-propelled grenades -RSB- and gunfire , but he never once stopped shooting back at them . " Lt. Jonathan Brostrom and Cpl. Jason Hovater were killed when they ran through a hail of Taliban gunfire in an attempt to carry more ammunition to their fellow soldiers , Stafford said . "  They knew our guys were in trouble , and when the Airborne 's in trouble , you do n't leave them to die ; you go help them , " Stafford said . "  They brought what they could . " The Americans were running low on ammunition , and some of them were so badly wounded they were unable to move , Stafford said . Help did not come for an hour , he said . Stafford eventually was helicoptered to safety . He said he looked back at the scene below while aboard the chopper . "  It 's like one of the those movies out of like Vietnam that you see with all these special effects and everything 's on fire , " he recalled . "  Smoke in the air , and that 's all you see is tracer rounds going back and forth ... just , ` boom , boom , boom . ' " The other Americans who died were Sgt. Israel Garcia , Cpl. Gunnar Zwilling , Spc. Sergio Abad , Cpl. Pruitt Rainey and Cpl. Jason Bogar . "  The way they served each other -- you 're fighting for the guy on your back , the guy that 's in the foxhole next to you , when that kind of stuff happens . We all love each other very much , " Stafford said .	Survivor of attack that killed nine U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan recalls "  chaos " Army Spc. Tyler Stafford , wounded in July 13 attack , says he watched buddies die Soldier recalls calling out to friend during battle , not knowing friend had died Incident was deadliest attack on U.S. forces in Afghanistan in three years
CNN  -- After her crowning in January , Katie Stam , Miss America 2009 , went from beauty queen to traveling machine -- within minutes . "  The moment they put that crown on my head I started work ... literally , " she told CNN . Miss America Katie Stam is constantly on the road . The Indiana native will spend a year crisscrossing the country promoting her platform of community service . "  I change locations every two or three days , and that 's exactly how it 's going to be all year , " Stam says . From visiting children in hospitals in Pennsylvania to flipping pancakes for charity in California , Miss America lives a life on the road . And with such a hectic schedule , she has picked up a few tips on how to stay sane while traveling . "  The most important tip I could offer anybody who does a lot of traveling is to stay as organized as possible , " Stam says . To keep from losing items on the road , Stam keeps everything in the same place in her suitcase , including her crown . "  It 's really funny , but it helps me kind of keep a clear mind , " she explains . She also unpacks a little as soon as she arrives in her hotel room . "  You realize when you get on the road , and that 's your life , your hotel becomes your home , " Stam says . "  And so you really need to feel that you 're coming home to your room , to your place where all of your things are . " Stam also stresses the importance of a good night 's sleep . "  It 's absolutely essential to get a full night 's rest or at least quality rest , " she says . However she also acknowledges the difficulties of sleeping a full eight hours while traveling . But the ever chipper Miss America has a trick for getting around the wonky work hours : "  If you know you only have 10 minutes , you take a quick 10 minute nap . " With airplanes being her primary mode of transportation , the beauty queen also has advice for the frequent flyer on how to stay fresh while on the go . "  It 's tricky , " she says . "  A lot of people lose their luggage and stuff . So I always keep my makeup with me , put on a little powder before I go somewhere . " And when you 're Miss America , somewhere could be anywhere .	Miss America Katie Stam is spending a year on the road She likes to unpack a little as soon as she arrives at her hotel Keeping things in the same place helps her stay organized on the road
CNN  -- Lionel Messi is not for sale . That was the defiant message from Barcelona 's new president , who is adamant that the club 's all-time leading goalscorer is going nowhere amid reports French club Paris St Germain want to sign the Argentine . Josep Maria Bartomeu will sit down with the four-time World Player of the Year to thrash out a new contract which will see him remain as most highly-paid at the Camp Nou . "  We want to sit down , without any rush , with Leo 's father -- it 's not something that 's happening tomorrow , we have plenty of time , but we will do what we have to to ensure he 's the best paid player , " said Josep Maria Bartomeu , who assumed control at Barca after Sandro Rosell 's resignation last week . Messi arrived at Barca in 2000 , graduating through the club 's youth system before going on to establish himself as the best player on the planet . Since making his first team debut in 2004 , Messi has helped the team win six Spanish league titles , two Spanish Cups and three European Champions League crowns . Blog : Is Ronaldo really the best ? The club 's determination to keep hold of Messi will be sweet relief to Barca fans after a turbulent few weeks . Former president Rosell stepped down after a Spanish judge 's decision to investigate the deal which saw Neymar move to Catalonia from Brazilian team Santos last June . The club initially announced the deal was worth $ 78 million , but the breakdown of the agreement was never revealed . A Barcelona member launched a case against Rosell for not disclosing the full details and the club was asked by Spanish authorities to hand over documentation , as well as accounts for the past three years . Bartomeu , who will continue as president until the end of the current term , which finishes in 2016 , explained that he spoke with senior players at the club before discussing details of Neymar 's contract at a previous press conference . "  I explained to the captains that we would be showing details of Neymar 's contract , " said the former vice president . "  We have to be grateful to Neymar that he came here , when he could have earned more money at other clubs . "	Lionel Messi is not for sale , says Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu assumed control at Barca last week Bartomeu says the club will begin negotiations with Messi over a new contract Former president Sandro Rosell stepped down last week
CNN  -- A roadside bomb killed 11 people in Afghanistan , including three election workers , authorities said Sunday . The blast occurred in Samangan province late Saturday night after polls closed . A mini bus carrying a group from a polling center to their homes hit a roadside bomb , said Sediqullah Aizizi , a spokesman for the provincial governor . The victims had just finished the counting and other work at the polling center when the blast occurred , he said . Before the roadside bomb , violence marred Saturday 's runoff between former Foreign Affairs Minister Abdullah Abdullah and former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani . The Afghan Interior Ministry said 46 people were killed on election day , including civilian and security forces . READ MORE : Voting ends in Afghan presidential election	The blast occurred in Samangan province late Saturday night Victims had just finished the counting and other work at the polling center
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Dubai has grown rapidly from a small trading hub into a thriving city , and one of the key players in this transformation is a company called Tatweer -- which in Arabic means "  to develop . " Executive Chairman , Saeed al Muntafiq has been there from the start and played a huge part in the expansion and diversification of the tiny Emirate . Inflation is not the biggest threat to growth in Dubai , says Saeed al Muntafiq Al Muntafiq talks to MME 's John Defterios about the changes he has witnessed , and what he sees for the Emirate 's future . Defterios kicks off by asking Al Muntafiq if he thinks Dubai 's rapid growth has created an economic bubble and whether inflation is the biggest threat to growth . SM  : I would n't say it 's the biggest threat . I would say there are many challenges that we face and have faced in the past , and will continue to face . And one of which is inflation , and we have programs to sustain it , and insure that it contributes to development . The other is the attraction of talent . Ensuring that we understand how the world works , and how we can integrate Dubai in this system is another challenge . JD  : Are you interested in moderating growth here because of the potential bubble ? SM  : I 've personally heard of these reports from many , many organizations over the last five to seven years . In order to understand them , I think one needs to break down the statement and this asset real estate bubble that is referred to . We need to look at the industry . And the industry for us is broken down into three to four different folds , ranging from residential , all the way to hotels , and hospitality assets . Now , if these were standing on their own , I think there would be merit to the hypothesis . But they are not , because in Dubai they are all clustered around strategies . So , personally speaking , I do n't believe there is a fear of that bubble , because it 's managed around certain variables , certain clusters , and we keep our eyes on it . JD  : What do you accept as a reasonable inflation rate with growth running at 10 or 11 percent for the last six years ? What is acceptable from the Tatweer perspective ? SM  : Anything between four and five percent is acceptable . JD  : And you 're running at nine right now . So do you need to bring it down ? SM  : Well , it depends which figures you look at , and which industries you examine . And our industries , as I said , are predominately driven by the clusters that we are mandated to develop and grow , and those range from hospitality , all the way to entertainment and leisure . I think , as far as inflation is concerned , we need to go skin deep , because there is a whole basket of products that contribute to that item . It is not just real estate - the price of milk is one item in a basket that contributes to the information number . JD  : There are strains throughout the region right now related to food security . Does that concern you ? SM  : These are challenges and fears we have faced , and have overcome over the last 50 years . We 've been doing this for the last 20 to 22 years . I 'm not saying we have answers for everything . That would not be prudent . I 'm saying we are a proactive government . We are a government that recognizes its faults as in when they happen . But we are not egotistic and unable to say ` okay , let 's find a solution . ' JD  : You are one of the key players here , and you have a number for projects that you 've noted under management right now . I understand you threw away a lot of the feasibility studies that were handed to you . You did n't think they were grand enough . Is that true ? That you just said look - this is just way to conservative for my tastes right now ? SM  : That was n't me . That was my boss I 'm afraid . JD  : You 're referring to Sheikh Mohammed ? SM  : Yes . His Highness . At least with two of the clusters that we drive , which are healthcare and entertainment , specifically in Dubailand . Rest assured all have feasibility studies . My job as a manager is to ensure that all of those yield an acceptable return to the stakeholder . E-mail to a friend	John Defterios sits down with Saeed Al Muntafiq , Tatweer 's Executive Chairman The company is playing a key role in Dubai 's lightning fast growth Al Muntafiq talks about whether the growth has created an economic bubble He gives his opinions on the Emirate 's future and the threat of inflation
London  CNN  -- France 's Marion Bartoli has claimed the women 's singles title at Wimbledon with a crushing 6-1 6-4 victory over Sabine Lisicki . The 28-year-old , a losing finalist against Venus Williams in 2007 , swept aside her German opponent in one hour 21 minutes to claim her first Grand Slam title . Bartoli becomes only the second French woman to win Wimbledon in the open era , following in the footsteps of Amelie Mauresmo who won in 2006 . "  I 'm so happy I am holding the trophy . It has been my dream since I was six years old . I would like to thank everyone in the crowd who supported me today , " Bartoli said . For Lisicki , the vanquisher of Serena Williams in the fourth round and Agnieszka Radwanska in the semis , the disappointment was almost too much to bear . "  Marion has been in that situation before and she handed it perfectly . She deserves it . I hope I get the chance one more time as well . " Lisicki said fighting back tears . Both women started the match nervously losing their opening service games , but it was Bartoli whose game suddenly gelled while Lisicki , appearing in her first Grand Slam title , wilted under the pressure on a sweltering Center Court . With her game in top gear , Bartoli took the first set in just 29 minutes . A more composed Lisicki returned from a bathroom break and held her opening service game of the second set , before Bartoli reeled off five games in succession . Lisicki , who stunned Serena Williams in the fourth round , fought to the end holding serve in the seventh game and breaking Bartoli as she served for the match in the next . Another hold from the German made the score 5-4 , but at the second time of asking Bartoli made no mistake , serving out the match to love and finishing with an ace .	Marion Bartoli wins first Grand Slam title at Wimbledon beating Sabine Lisicki in straight sets The 28-year-old becomes only the second Frenchwoman to win Wimbledon in the open era
It was the computer classroom where I cracked . I 'd managed to remain detached until then . I wanted to tell the story . Look , but do n't internalize , was the mantra I was repeating inside my head . Tell the facts , explain what you are seeing and what happened . I focused . I do n't think I 've been somewhere with so much blood on the floor . Over the years , covering wars , I 've seen more than my share . Sarajevo , the war in Bosnia as Yugoslavia tore itself apart , was an inoculation against my visceral fear of the red stuff . In that conflict , mortars ripped through crowds of civilians . I soon learned how head wounds bleed . It 's different . You do n't forget . Here it was again in the auditorium . Dark and heavy . Do n't think , focus and do your job , I was reminding myself . But after a while I could n't . These were children , innocents . Parents not far from here are suffering a harrowing pain none of us can imagine . Parents , whose job in the army is to protect their country , not able to save their own children . The army officer showed us the doors where the children had tried to break out of the auditorium to run away from the Taliban gunmen . The carpet is sticky and red . The floor tiles a mess of the worst of Sarajevo . The Taliban could not have been more callous and calculating . Where the children were most concentrated they turned their automatic weapons on them at point-blank range . Cold-blooded murder . The officer tells me close to 100 children were gunned down right here . Again , I 'm telling myself to focus . Explain this brutal cowardly act . Leaving the dark , sad auditorium for the light of day I feel I can breathe better . I look up at the sky . It 's the color of hope -- clear blue and not a cloud to be seen . I should n't have looked down again . I 'm walking over to the classrooms at Army Public School and Degree College . Drops , smudges , pools of blood are everywhere . I 'm becoming conscious that I 'm trying not to step on them . It seems disrespectful somehow . How , I am thinking , could the Taliban be looking for even more bloodletting when they have already killed so many ? But they are . That 's when I get to the computer classroom , maybe 30 feet long by 15 feet across . Computers on rough benches down each side of the room . Space for maybe a dozen or so children to hone their computer skills . You did n't have to be rich to send your child to this school , and in Pakistan -- in Peshawar in particular -- on a global scale that implies your means might be quite humble indeed . Quite possibly some of these kids would n't have a computer at home . In our ever-interconnected world , lessons in this room could have been some of the most valuable to their futures . And that 's it . I 'm standing there realizing they have no futures now . The base horror that took place here is startlingly and immediately evident . Chairs still at computers , thick blood pooled underneath on the tile floor . The gunmen came in and before the children could escape opened fire . As I try to explain all this on camera , I can feel my voice cracking . It 's not a conscious thing , its what the brain does , a self-defense maybe . Such a horrible waste of so many bright futures , so many parents in pain . It hurts , and there is no getting away from it .	CNN 's Nic Robertson visits the Pakistan school where 132 children were killed Blood covers floors , walls Not far away parents are grieving while he tries to understand the horror There is no getting away from the pain of the wasted young lives
CNN  -- While there is still a lot of talk about how the Republican Party needs to reinvent itself , Democrats should keep in mind they could use a touch-up themselves . With 20 Senate seats to defend in the midterm election -- compared with just 13 Republican ones -- the truth is Sen. Harry Reid and the gang do not have a lot of time to gloat . The economy may be improving , but it is still limping ; millions are looking for work , and the deficit continues to grow . So whatever momentum President Obama and the Democrats received from last week 's victories will all be gone come 2016 if they ca n't agree on a detailed budget plan by 2014 . And let 's be clear : Taxing the rich and closing some loopholes is not a detailed plan . Granted , Democrats are proposing spending cuts -- but they have to be more bullish about their proposed cuts than they are about taxing the rich . The latter got them elected but the economy is in more need of the former . Allowing the Bush tax cuts to expire for those who make $ 1 million a year or more , as championed by some , is estimated to generate only $ 500 billion to $ 600 billion over 10 years . That dwarfs the number cutting off Big Bird would bring but it does little to solve the debt problem . Opinion : Conservatives , do n't despair So any plan that does not include significant spending cuts is no plan at all . If Democrats want to build on last week , they have to be bold , because they ca n't depend on Republicans to say stupid things about rape or ignore minorities forever . In fact , confetti was still falling in Chicago when George P. Bush -- the Spanish speaking , half-Mexican nephew of you know who -- filed his papers with the Texas Ethics Commission to run for an as-yet unspecified office . The 36-year-old is the co-founder of the political action committee , Hispanic Republicans of Texas . That alone wo n't solve all of the party 's image problems with Latinos , but as long as he 's not on the crazy , inflammatory side of his party , he 's got the looks , charisma and name to be the kind of political star they need -- the kind who can draw big crowds and maybe sway Latino voters two years from now , if not for himself , then certainly for another GOP candidate . Face it Democrats -- the celebration is over and it 's time to get to work . At least six of the Senate seats the party has to defend are in red states . Lose those , and President Obama could be spending his final two years butting heads with a Republican Congress . So what do the Democrats need to do ? Opinion : Election a call for purple politics Well for starters , identify candidates to go after Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins ' seat , because Obama won Maine . Second , be a party white people want to vote for . Lost in all of the hoopla about Republicans needing to adapt to the country 's new demographic , is the fact Romney captured the largest percentage of white votes since Ronald Reagan . True , some of that can be attributed to racist backlash to Obama -- but most of it has to do with the message of the Democratic platform . Romney characterized 47 % of the country as a bunch of moochers  and coincidentally came away with 47.8 % of the popular vote  . That means a lot of voters : the numbers suggest 88 % of the people who voted for Romney were white . That 's a problem . If Democrats do n't figure out a way to make their message attractive to white people , they could possibly lose the Senate . And third , and probably most important , they have to be a party worth voting for . One can certainly say Republicans , from the top of the ticket on down , shot themselves in the foot this election , making it easier for Democrats to paint them as a party to vote against . But for the 2014 midterm , Democrats must present a budget plan people want to vote for . In two years voters are going to be asking "  What else you got ? " and if Democrats do n't have an answer , they risk getting shellacked in 2014 , the same way they got their butts handed to them in 2010 . Back then , Republicans took back the House . Politics : 2014 battle for the Senate starts now Another GOP landslide could create a path to the White House . I hate to be the Ohio at your Karl Rove party , but it is what it is . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says Democrats ca n't rest on election laurels for 2014 midterm wins Republicans wo n't say inanities about rape or ignore minorities forever , he says Granderson : Democrats need a bold budget plan that relies more on spending cuts Loss in 2014 of six Democratic senators in red states could cost them the Senate , he says
Do n't mess with Russia . That was President Vladimir Putin 's message on Friday , the same day a British government source claimed that Russian troops had significantly ratcheted up their military incursion into Ukraine . Moscow does n't want or intend to wade into any "  large-scale conflicts , " Putin insisted at a youth forum , state-run ITAR-Tass reported . A few breaths later , he made the point that Russia is "  strengthening our nuclear deterrence forces and our armed forces , " making them more efficient and modernized . "  I want to remind you that Russia is one of the most powerful nuclear nations , " the President said . "  This is a reality , not just words . " He later warned , "  We must always be ready to repel any aggression against Russia and  potential enemies  should be aware ... it is better not to come against Russia as regards a possible armed conflict . " The comments came the same day that Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov accused NATO of using "  images from computer games " to -- in his view -- falsely make the case that Russian troops are in Ukraine . Lavrov said "  hiding the evidence is an outstanding characteristic of the U.S. and many EU countries " with regard to Ukraine . See the NATO satellite images The thing is , many in the West do n't believe much of anything coming out of Russia . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday that -- whatever the Kremlin says -- the reality is Russian troops are inside the Ukraine and have fired on Ukrainian military positions . "  Those denials are completely without credibility , " Earnest said . And Russia 's military may be digging in deeper in Ukraine . The British government source told CNN on Friday that Russia has moved 4,000 to 5,000 military personnel -- a figure far higher than one U.S. official 's earlier claim of 1,000 troops . The soldiers are aligned in "  formed units " and fighting around Luhansk and Donetsk , said the UK source . And they may soon have company : Some 20,000 troops are on border and "  more may be on the way , " the source adds . So what 's Russia 's endgame ? Does it simply want to protect civilians or ethnic Russians in Ukraine ? Or does it endeavor to develop a land bridge between Crimea -- which split from Ukraine to become part of Russia months ago , amid the unrest following President Viktor Yanukovych 's ouster -- and the Russian border ? Or perhaps take over all of Ukraine now ? The UK source , giving his government 's analysis of Russian troop movements , surmised that right now "  the primary role of the current Russian deployments inside Ukraine is probably to assist , support and take the pressure off the separatist forces in order to maintain pressure on Kiev to decentralize . "  However , we are not ruling out more ambitious plans , including a land corridor from the Russian border to Crimea . " After 8 months of conflict , what 's next for Ukraine ? NATO chief blasts Russia 's ` hollow denials ' Ukraine has been in crisis since last fall , when political upheaval preceded widespread violence that threatened to tear the Eastern Europe nation apart . If anything , that violence has worsened the past several months -- as pro-Russian rebels dug in and Ukraine 's military stepped up its offensive to retake its territory . The U.N. human rights office reports at least 2,593 people killed between mid-April and August 27 , and that many innocent civilians have been killed , hurt or trapped in urban areas . Predictably , both sides have taken the high road while blaming each other for humanitarian crisis and for perpetrating violence rather than having fair , sincere negotiations toward a cease-fire . "  When Kiev said that negotiations would begin only after the surrender of those whom they call ` separatists , ' the militia are left with no choice but to defend their homes , their families , " Russia 's foreign ministry said in a statement . Western officials say that Moscow has n't taken any responsibility , whether for its military 's on-the-ground involvement or how it can influence rebels . Speaking after a meeting of NATO ambassadors in Brussels , Belgium , Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said what he called "  the serious escalation of Russia 's military aggression against Ukraine " violates Ukraine 's territorial integrity and "  defies all diplomatic efforts for a peaceful solution . " "  Despite Moscow 's hollow denials , it is now clear that Russian troops and equipment have illegally crossed the border into eastern and southeastern Ukraine , " Rasmussen said . "  This is not an isolated action but part of a dangerous pattern over many months to destabilize Ukraine as a sovereign nation . " Fighting raging on multiple fronts Whoever is to blame , whoever is involved , two things that are not in question is that the fighting is continuing and that there 's no end in sight . Ukrainian troops have been fighting on two fronts : southeast of rebel-held Donetsk , and along the nation 's southern coast in the town of Novoazovsk , about 12 miles  20 kilometers  from the Russian border . Mykhailo Lysenko , deputy commander of the Ukrainian Donbas battalion , on Thursday described the fighting in the south as "  a full-scale invasion . " Analysts suggest that Russia may have sent its forces into Novoazovsk to secure a land route from the border to the Crimean peninsula it annexed from Ukraine in March , and in order to throw Ukrainian forces making gains against besieged rebel forces in the cities of Donetsk and Luhansk off balance . In a statement issued by the Kremlin , Putin said the rebels had halted a Ukrainian military operation in eastern Ukraine that he said had endangered the civilian population and caused many casualties . The UK government source said Russian forces are fighting alongside rebels around Luhansk and Donetsk . It 's too early to gauge their impact , though even if propping up the pro-Russian separatists for months longer so that Ukraine 's military does n't next turn its attention to taking back Crimea could be considered a victory . "  At the very least , the Russian deployments are creating the conditions for a frozen conflict going into winter and ... ensure that Kiev is sufficiently distracted ... to prevent it from refocusing its attention on Crimea , " the source said . Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Mark Hertling , a 37-year veteran who once commanded U.S. soldiers in Europe , thinks that Russia may be aiming higher than that . If Ukraine folds easily to Russia 's military might , neighboring nations might have good reason to worry . On the other side , Moscow could lose sway if its efforts fail . "  He is trying to influence the Europeans , and it wo n't stop just with Ukraine , " the military analyst told CNN , predicting more Russian military intervention elsewhere . "  This is something where he is trying to counter the influence of the West , and he ca n't afford to lose in Ukraine . " Map : Europe 's thirst for Russian gas 6 questions -- and answers -- about the crisis in Ukraine	Putin : Russia does n't want big conflicts , but it will be ready if they happen Russia is a "  powerful nuclear nation , " he says UK source : Up to 5,000 Russian troops are in Ukraine , 20,000 more on border NATO chief says Russia is trying to "  destabilize Ukraine as a sovereign nation "
Washington  CNN  -- There is a new grounds crew at the Historic Congressional Cemetery in Washington but these landscapers do n't bring lawn mowers , just their appetites . About 30 goats were released into an overgrown area adjacent to the cemetery on Wednesday and another trailer full were waiting to join them later . The assignment for these four-legged landscapers : eat the invasive plant species weighing down trees . If no action is taken the trees could eventually fall and destroy historic gravesites . A little camera shy , the goats were hesitant to emerge before a crowd of children and reporters . Owner , Brian Knox reassured his goats , coaxing some of them out individually by name . "  You get a name if you 've got a lot of charisma or if you are a real pain in the butt , " Knox joked later . But soon after a glimpse of the all-you-can-eat buffet which awaited them , the goats were out and busy chowing down . These goats will continue grazing in an enclosed area next to the cemetery for the six or seven days . During that time , they will eat almost anything they encounter , including flowers , vines , brush , and bark . Special enzymes in their stomach allow goats to eat plants that are poisonous to humans and other animals . "  Poison Ivy is probably their favorite , " explained Knox . The Historic Congressional Cemetery is still in use today . It is the final resting place for many 19th century military heroes , congressmen , and political figures including two vice presidents and a Supreme Court justice . Since the grounds are located within the Anacostia Watershed , the goats are an environmentally friendly alternative to using pesticides , herbicides or machinery that could produce pollution . Light on their feet , the goats are also much gentler on the ground than heavy machinery . And it 's cost effective , too . Paul Williams , president of the Historic Congressional Cemetery , said that employing 70 goats for a week will cost the cemetery about $ 4,000 . "  That comes down to about 25 cents an hour per goat . " This money saving technique is apparently not new in Washington . During World War I , sheep could be found grazing on the South Lawn of the White House to save money and manpower . Their wool was auctioned to raise money for the Red Cross . Members of the cemetery grounds crew do n't have to worry about losing their jobs just yet . Williams said that they will continue to use lawn mowers to maintain the actual historic burial sites .	More than two dozen goats eating overgrown plants , grasses around historic DC cemetery Goats are an environmentally friendly alternative to mowers , pesticides , weed whackers Money saving technique not new in Washington ; sheep once grazed at White House
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Is it possible to have a building that can make you happy , sad , or even angry ? The Experience Music Project in Seattle has appeared in the Forbes list of ugly buildings . Does it affect your mood ? Alain de Botton thinks it is . The Swiss-born British writer , modern-day philosopher , and author of international bestseller "  The Architecture of Happiness " , believes there is more to buildings and architecture than we may think . Taking on 19th Century French writer Stendhal 's motto that "  beauty is the promise of happiness , " de Botton analyzes human surroundings and considers how our needs and desires are transferred into architecture . He also discusses the amount to which architecture can affect our personal happiness . De Botton told CNN he felt that a beautiful building , or likewise , an ugly structure , could affect how we feel . "  Beauty has a huge role to play in altering our mood . When we call a chair or a house beautiful , really what we 're saying is that we like the way of life it 's suggesting to us . It has an attitude we 're attracted to : if it was magically turned into a person , we 'd like who it was . "  It would be convenient if we could remain in much the same mood wherever we happened to be ... but unfortunately we 're highly vulnerable to the coded messages that emanate from our surroundings , " he said . But , how do buildings manage to cast their bricks and mortar over our emotions ? "  One might say that architecture suggests a mood to us , which we may be too internally troubled to be able to take up . Its effectiveness could be compared to the weather : a fine day can substantially change our state of mind -- and people may be willing to make great sacrifices to be nearer a sunny climate , " de Botton said . De Botton believed that structures communicate with us in various ways . "  This book focuses our minds on the idea that buildings speak -- and on topics which can readily be discerned . They speak of democracy or aristocracy , openness or arrogance , welcome or threat , a sympathy for the future or a hankering for the past . " So , indeed your own house could be making you happy or sad , de Botton suggests . "  They  houses  tell us of certain moods that they seek to encourage and sustain in their inhabitants . While keeping us warm and helping us in mechanical ways , they simultaneously hold out an invitation for us to be specific sorts of people . They speak of particular visions of happiness , " he said . De Botton said there are "  thousands " of public buildings which are ugly and could possibly force a negative , saddening , or even potential anger-producing mood upon us . What are some examples ? De Botton is quick to mention the new Westfield mall opening in Shepherd 's Bush , London , which he describes as a "  monument to human idiocy " which represents a "  large , confused shed , which offers the wider community nothing but a windowless façade clad in nauseating green paneling , with an utter indifference to symmetry , proportion or beauty " . And what other buildings could be considered a structure of sadness ? Certainly , Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen 's Experience Music Project building in Seattle has to be a nominee -- featuring in the Forbes list of the top ten ugliest buildings in the world . Elsewhere , London 's Millennium Dome  or 02 Arena  and Cleveland 's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , are other well-known candidates for buildings that could destroy one 's day , after featuring in various "  ugly " lists . At the other end of the scale , de Botton has some ideas about structures we should cast our eyes upon to make us happy . While all of this is rather subjective , de Botton said there were some aesthetic values that were universally appreciated . He was particularly fond of the highly-detailed yet serene Senate House in Bloomsbury , London , and also the Georgian-style architecture of Bedford Square , also in London . It 's fair to say though , that not everyone in the architectural world is as optimistic about the power of architecture over people . In a debate with architect Robert Adam organized by building.co.uk , Adam attacked de Botton 's ideas . After questioning de Botton 's use of the word "  us " when presenting some opinions , Adam said he did not believe that people were culturally aware enough to take notice of such details . "  I would n't call myself a pessimist because it would mean I feel bad about popular culture , which I do n't . What I think we have at the moment is people who are unprepared to take on the language of the greater part of the population , " he said . We want to know what you think . Do you believe buildings can influence the way we feel ? Give us your examples of buildings that make you happy or sad in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	Alain de Botton authored The Architecture of Happiness He believes emotions are shown in , and can be deduced from architecture Architect Robert Adam disagrees with many of de Botton 's ideas
CNN  From the moment we are born , the first question our parents are asked is , "  Is it a boy or a girl ? " The answer to that seemingly simple question quickly establishes the child 's path and trajectory for years to come ; however , the question is not simple . The question is tragically flawed and here 's a newsflash for everyone who has ever asked new parents that question : You 're asking the wrong people . I realize that parents are simply sharing a bit of biological information based on their baby 's physical "  parts , " but only that beautiful baby can accurately and authentically tell you what gender he or she is . You may want to give it a little time before you paint that nursery bright pink or pick out junior 's first baseball glove -- it 's just not that simple . I may only be 15 years old and will be the first to admit that I know very little about this great big world , but I know way too much about gender and being mislabeled . Why transgender teen Jazz Jennings is everywhere You see , the doctor told my parents , "  It 's a girl , " but he could n't have been more wrong . Aside from my biology , I knew I was a boy from the age of 2 . I was 100 % sure of who I was and biology was an insignificant part of the conversation . Keep in mind that this was a time before I had even realized that being a boy trapped in a girl 's body was anything beyond normal , and this was long before I could possibly articulate what was happening . However , there was no need to articulate anything . I was a little boy expressing myself based on what was in my heart and mind -- not yet distorted by biology , other people 's confusion , or fear . It was when I was older that other people let me know something was "  off . " No matter how many times I was told differently , I was a boy and the people that mattered knew it too , for the most part . I want to address the moment where people , gender , and respectful communication part ways . That is the moment when the word "  sexuality " creeps into the conversation . That is when people get scared , cite religion , start whispering , and disconnect . It 's a sad moment , but I get it . People have always mocked what they do n't understand , and this is a tough one for most to grasp . That said , it has to change and I believe it is changing . The transgender life : What to know , say and understand I can not stress to the world enough , gender and sexuality are two completely different things , and the moment people incorrectly connect them is the moment when most people start looking for an exit or a fight . Save your fear people . This is not something to be afraid of ; it 's an opportunity for us to evolve . Nothing is completely black or white , hot or cold , here or there , or male and female ; there are varying degrees of everything and the quicker we respect that , the faster we all grow and allow people to be who they are . It all starts by taking sexuality out of the initial conversation . I first heard the term "  gay " in the second grade , long after I had my first "  girlfriend " and had proudly written "  a penis " at the top of my Christmas list . Not until after I learned that there was such a thing as sexuality and homosexuality did I become afraid of who I was . It was n't until I learned that there were people out there that considered homosexuality "  abnormal " or that people needed to put labels on our feelings toward others that I became terrified that I was "  different . " I knew I liked girls and I was technically a girl , biologically , but I was a boy and my feelings about girls were normal boy feelings . I was not gay -- but try to explain that to someone without his or her eyes glazing over . Thankfully , I grew up in a household that taught me that I could love anybody I wanted to and it was fine because it is fine . Anyone can love anyone and there is nothing wrong with that . Fortunately , people have developed more of an understanding of that over time , but there are always going to be people that think differently and we all have to accept that . Do they matter ? Of course they do because we all matter , equally ; however , ignorant people are here to help us learn how to better communicate ; everyone is reachable with the right circumstances and I look forward to the battles as much as the victories . As long as you 're happy , you 're indestructible . That said , I knew being gay was n't a bad thing , but I also knew it did n't describe me . I was a straight boy who liked girls and there is nothing wrong with that , either . I was afraid of being thought of differently . The most crippling fear came from people not understanding that I was a boy trapped in a girl 's body and simply labeling me something I 'm not . That 's what I was truly afraid of . Experience how one family reacted when their daughter said she 's a boy . CNN Films presents "  Raising Ryland , " a short film available exclusively on CNN Digital on Wednesday , March 18 . Discovering that I was transgender was a miraculous moment . I finally found the key that unlocked the cage I 'd been trapped in for 14 years and that 's why I call this journey , "  My Transcension . " With the support of my parents , I am sharing my story . Breaking free and owning your sexuality is something you find within yourself and is spectacular , but it is just the tiniest part of the greater transgender conversation . I am going beyond that and my journey is one that is constantly moving forward and upward . I 'm taking the body I was born into and transforming it into the body I know I 'm supposed to be in -- thanks to my family , friends , Dr. Jo Olson , the support groups , the science , and lastly , myself . See , that 's the irony , I was the first person and truly the only person capable of answering the "  is it a boy or girl " question -- not the doctor , my parents , or anyone who thinks they know better . That is the lesson , let each of us dictate our own path and respect everyone 's choice . I realize that it 's easier said than done but if you read this and find yourself open to a new conversation about gender , I consider that a win for us all . Truthfully , I 'm most proud of myself for having the courage to find my own way and owning it , to proudly begin my transcencion from someone I was n't -- into the man I always knew I 'd become . Whether I 'm a boy or a girl , white or black , rich or poor , gay or straight , it 's completely irrelevant . What truly matters is the fact that I 'm Avery Wallace and I 've always known exactly who I was . I 'm here to share my journey and hopefully , help someone else recognize theirs .	Avery Wallace says he knew he was a boy from age 2 "  I knew being gay was n't a bad thing , but I also knew it did n't describe me , " Avery says People mock what they do n't understand , he says
CNN  -- Rutgers quarterback Philip Nelson has been arrested and charged on suspicion of assault in southern Minnesota , authorities said Monday . He is suspected of attacking Isaac Kolstad , 24 , a former linebacker at Minnesota State University . Kolstad is in critical condition , his family said . Nelson , 20 , faces one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault , said Patrick McDermott , assistant Blue Earth County attorney . He was taken into custody early Sunday morning , according to a statement from Mankato , Minnesota , police . Officers found Kolstad near a downtown intersection . He was transported by ambulance to a local hospital . A Rutgers spokesman declined to comment on the case . "  We are in the process of gathering information on the situation and reserve comment until the legal process is complete , " said Jason Baum . Nelson is a recent transfer to Rutgers . A native of Mankato , Minnesota , he played at the University of Minnesota , according to Rutgers ' website . Kolstad graduated from Minnesota State University in December . He suffered a severe head injury , according to a statement from his family . "  He is currently in critical condition and fighting for his life . He is young and strong , but the battle he has in front of him is enormous , " it read . "  We do know that his brain did sustain permanent damage . We do not yet know to what extent and wo n't for many days . He is very sick . Please pray for Isaac and all of those involved . " Kolstad was being treated at Mayo Clinic Health System in Mankato . A spokesman from there read reporters another statement Monday , on behalf of the victim 's family . "  Please keep in mind that behind the headlines , behind the police report and medical data , is a strong , caring man -- a man with an incredible faith in God , a loving husband , a father of two daughters , a son , a brother , a teammate and a friend , " it read . Police have said they are looking for another person believed to have been involved in the assault . That suspect was identified as a white male in his early 20s . He was wearing jeans and a red T-shirt that was torn during the incident . Authorities released surveillance video and stills , showing a large number of people in the area of the assault , and are asking anyone with information to step forward . "  In order to ensure that justice is served , we need the public 's help , " said Todd Miller , Mankato 's director of public safety . Accuser 's attorney asks Florida AG to look into Jameis Winston investigation Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper charged with sexual assault in Arizona CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Philip Nelson faces one count of 1st-degree assault , one count of 3rd-degree assault NEW : Police are looking for another suspect , identified as a white male in his early 20s NEW : Nelson is suspected of attacking a former linebacker at Minnesota State University NEW : Isaac Kolstad graduated in December ; his family describes him as a caring man
Traitor or patriot ? Low-level systems analyst or highly trained spy ? Slammed by top U.S. government officials and facing espionage charges in the United States , former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden defended his decision to leak documents about classified surveillance programs during an interview with NBC "  Nightly News " broadcast Wednesday . "  I think it 's important to remember that people do n't set their lives on fire , " Snowden said . "  They do n't walk away from their extraordinarily , extraordinarily comfortable lives ... for no reason . " Speaking to anchor Brian Williams in a Moscow hotel , Snowden said he considers himself a patriot , and he would n't have gone to such lengths to reveal secret U.S. government surveillance programs if he did n't have to . "  The reality is , the situation determined that this needed to be told to the public . The Constitution of the United States had been violated on a massive scale , " Snowden told Williams . "  Now , had that not happened , had the government not gone too far and overreached , we would n't be in a situation where whistleblowers were necessary . " 10 things we learned from his interview The U.S. government , Snowden said , is using the threat of terrorism "  to justify programs that have never been shown to keep us safe but cost us liberties and freedoms that we do n't need to give up and our Constitution says we should n't give up . " NSA analysts , he said , "  can actually watch people 's Internet communications , watch their Internet correspondence , watch their thoughts as they type , " he said , describing such government surveillance as an "  extraordinary intrusion ... into the way you think . " He did n't specify when such a program would be used by the agency , but said seeing that program when he worked for the NSA astonished him . Snowden has been living for nearly a year in Russia , where the government has granted him temporary asylum . But he stressed he has no ties with the Russian government . "  I have no relationship with the Russian government at all , " he told NBC . "  I 've never met the Russian President . I 'm not supported by the Russian government . I 'm not taking money from the Russian government . I 'm not a spy . " In fact , Snowden said , he never planned to stay in Russia . "  I personally am surprised that I ended up here , " he said . "  The reality is I never intended to end up in Russia . I had a flight booked to Cuba onwards to Latin America , and I was stopped because the United States government decided to revoke my passport and trap me in the Moscow airport . " He has n't been able to leave Russia since then . Snowden said he would eventually like to return to the United States . "  If I could go anywhere in the world , that place would be home , " he told NBC . Asked by Williams whether he considers himself a patriot , Snowden did n't hesitate . "  Yes , I do , " he said . That comment drew a sharp response from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who spoke with the network earlier Wednesday . "  Patriots do n't go to Russia . They do n't seek asylum in Cuba . They do n't seek asylum in Venezuela . They fight their cause here , " Kerry told NBC . "  Edward Snowden is a coward . He is a traitor . And he has betrayed his country . And if he wants to come home tomorrow to face the music , he can do so . " In another excerpt from the interview , Snowden sought to bolster his credentials , arguing that the U.S. government has tried to downplay his skills and work experience . "  I was trained as a spy in sort of the traditional sense of the word -- in that I lived and worked undercover , overseas , pretending to work in a job that I 'm not -- and even being assigned a name that was not mine , " Snowden said . "  Now , the government might deny these things . They might frame it in certain ways , and say , oh , well , you know , he 's a low-level analyst . "  But what they 're trying to do is they 're trying to use one position that I 've had in a career , here or there , to distract from the totality of my experience , which is that I 've worked for the Central Intelligence Agency , undercover , overseas . "  I 've worked for the National Security Agency , undercover , overseas . And I 've worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency as a lecturer at the Joint Counterintelligence Training Academy , where I developed sources and methods for keeping our information and people secure in the most hostile and dangerous environments around the world . " Snowden continued : "  So when they say I 'm a low-level systems administrator , that I do n't know what I 'm talking about , I 'd say it 's somewhat misleading . " A spokeswoman for the NSA declined to comment Tuesday on the NBC report . What Snowden leaked sparked a national debate about privacy and security . President Barack Obama and military officials remain in support of mass , warrantless surveillance . But civil libertarians , technology companies and others oppose it , noting the lack of transparency . On Russian TV , Snowden asks Putin about Moscow surveillance Edward Snowden speaks at SXSW , calls for public oversight of U.S. spy programs Stories about NSA surveillance , Snowden leaks win Pulitzers for two news groups	Edward Snowden says NSA analysts can watch people 's "  thoughts as they type " "  The Constitution of the United States had been violated on a massive scale , " he tells NBC Snowden says he considers himself a patriot and would like to return to the U.S. someday He faces espionage charges in the United States and received temporary asylum in Russia
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- After more than seven months of political gridlock , Nepal 's parliament Thursday elected a 60-year-old leftist leader as the country 's new prime minister . Jhala Nath Khanal , chairman of the leftist Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  , received 368 votes in the 601-member parliament . His nearest rival , Ram Chandra Poudel of the Nepali Congress , got 122 votes and Bijay Kumar Gachhedar of Madhesi People 's Rights Forum  Democratic  got 67 votes . Before the vote , Khanal said in parliament that resolving the political complexities of the country would be his first priority . Khanal faces the challenge of preparing -- with the support of other parties -- a new republican constitution by a May 28 deadline and finalizing an agreement on the future of nearly 20,000 Maoist combatants . The country had been without a proper government since outgoing and caretaker prime minister Madhav Kumar Nepal resigned in June . Sixteen rounds of voting in parliament since July failed to produce a prime minister since none of the parties had a majority . Nepal 's biggest party , the Unified Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  , decided to withdraw its own candidate earlier Thursday and back Khanal . He becomes the third prime minister since Nepal became a republic in 2008 , ending centuries of monarchy rule . He replaces Nepal , who was also of the same party but had the support of Nepali Congress , the second biggest party in parliament . The Maoists fought a 10-year insurgency to end the monarchy and signed a peace deal in 2006 in which the combatants were to be integrated into the security forces , but the exact process of how that will be accomplished has yet to be agreed upon between the parties . The U.S. Embassy in Kathmandu congratulated the people of Nepal on the election . "  We look forward to working with incoming Prime Minister Khanal and continuing the warm and constructive relationship between the United States and Nepal , " a statement from the embassy said . "  We are hopeful that today 's election will give renewed momentum to the peace process and constitution drafting . " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also praised the election , according to a spokesman . "  He congratulates the Prime Minister-elect and reaffirms the support of the United Nations to all efforts to complete the peace process and to adopt a new constitution , " a statement from Ban 's spokesman said . "  He believes this development will give a significant boost to efforts to fully implement their outstanding commitments under the Comprehensive Peace Accord and the interim constitution , notably the integration and rehabilitation of the Maoist combatants , democratization of the army and adoption of a new constitution . " Earlier Thursday , Maoist leader Pushpa Kamal Dahal ` Prachanda ' withdrew his candidacy for the prime minister race , saying that his party would concentrate on the constitution and the future of the combatants . He said he realized he was not going to win and the country needed a proper government . "  There is a need for sacrifice to resolve the problems , " Dahal said . "  The Maoists , since it is the biggest party , should take this responsibility . " The communist leader said that if parliament could not elect a prime minister again , people would throw shoes at the politicians -- a high insult in certain cultures . There has been widespread discontent among the Nepalese about the political stalemate . Last month , prime minister-elect Khanal was slapped in the face by 52-year-old man at a political rally , who accused the politicians of being selfish . Nepal 's political crisis began when Dahal resigned as prime minister in May 2009 after the ceremonial president , who is the supreme commander of the army , reinstated the army chief Dahal had fired .	NEW : U.S. , U.N. praise the election of the prime minister On its 17th try , Nepal 's parliament elects a new prime minister Khanal must prepare a new constitution He 's the third prime minister since the end of the monarchy in 2008
CNN  -- Seven-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has once again denied claims from a former teammate that he used drugs during his cycling career . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drugs abuse in recent years with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Now , 39-year-old Armstrong has come out fighting once again , in the face of fresh allegations made on the CBS News "  60 Minutes " show by another American Tyler Hamilton . Speaking on his Twitter page , Armstrong said : "  I have had a 20-year career , 500 drug controls worldwide , in and out of competition , and never a failed test . I rest my case . " In the CBS interview , to be aired on Sunday , Hamilton -- who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself -- says he first saw Armstrong use blood boosting substance EPO in 1999 , the year of his first Tour de France victory . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the American news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " Hamilton added : "  Armstrong took what we all took -- the majority of the peloton took . There was EPO , testosterone , blood transfusions . " Armstrong , Hamilton and Landis were all members of the US Postal squad that is now the subject of a probe by U.S. federal investigators , who are trying to determine if their success came via a systematic doping program . Meanwhile , Armstrong 's lawyer Mark Fabiani blasted the "  60 Minutes " report , releasing a statement saying : "  Tyler Hamilton is seeking to make money by writing a book . "  He has completely changed the story he has always told before so that he could get himself on "  60 Minutes " and increase his chances with publishers . " Fabiani continued : "  Greed and a hunger for publicity can not change the facts : Lance Armstrong is the most tested athlete in the history of sports : He has passed nearly 500 tests over 20 years of competition . " Meanwhile , defending Tour de France champion Alberto Contador will find out next month whether he will be banned for doping . The World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  and world 's cycling 's governing body  UCI  are appealing the Spanish cycling federation 's  RFEC  decision to acquit the Spaniard over a failed doping case . Contador tested positive for a tiny amount of banned muscle-building substance clenbuterol during last July 's Tour . But he was cleared to compete when the RFEC accepted the rider 's claim that he had unknowingly eaten contaminated meat . The case has now gone to the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  , which will decide Contador 's fate on June 6-8 . Meanwhile , on the road , Contador continues to blaze a trail in the Giro d'Italia , finishing second to Venezuela 's Jose Rujano in the mountainous 13th stage to extend his overall advantage . Contador is now three minutes and nine seconds ahead of Tour of Spain champion Vincenzo Nibali in the general classification , following the arduous 167km stage up to Grossglockner in the Austrian Alps	Lance Armstrong denies claims from a former teammate that he used drugs Armstrong was responding to allegations made by compatriot Tyler Hamilton In a CBS interview , Hamilton claims he saw Armstrong inject blood booster EPO
CNN  -- A Republican candidate running for U.S. Congress says his past donning of a Nazi outfit was part of a historical lesson -- and defended his background in military re-enactments . Rich Iott , a Tea Party favorite running for election in Ohio 's 9th Congressional District , explained his position during an interview on CNN 's "  AC 360 " Monday night . Iott participated in World War II re-enactments for several years in the past decade and created a German alter ego . He has said he started participating in the events as a way to bond with his son . Iott has also participated in Civil War and World War I re-enactments . "  The whole purpose of historical re-enacting is to educate people one-on-one , " Iott said . "  And that is done by going out and participating in re-enactments . " When asked whether he thought the men being impersonated were "  valiant men , " Iott said , "  I do n't think we can sit here and judge that today . We were not there the time they made those decisions . Were there bad people ? Absolutely . Were there atrocities committed ? Absolutely there were . There are people that want to deny the Holocaust ever happened in this country and around the world . " The website for Iott 's re-enactment group -- which impersonates members of the 5th SS Panzerdivision , Wiking -- does not mention the Holocaust directly . According to Wiking 's website , it is a nonprofit group with a "  common interest in the German side of the war and want to tell the story of the average combat soldier of the German military . " "  Racism or any type of embracement of Nazi ideology of any kind is strictly prohibited by this re-enactment unit , " the website reads . But the website does not mention what historians have said about the division -- that the group was involved in war crimes and atrocities , including the death marches and massacres of Jews in the spring of 1945 . When asked if Iott knew of the atrocities associated with the SS , the candidate replied , "  What happened in Germany during the second World War is absolutely one of the low points in human history . In fact ... -LSB- the website -RSB- talks about what happened and that we do n't support that . We do n't support the political or the ideological motives of that time . We 're talking strictly about the history . It 's important for us to remember that history . " Iott 's political opponents were quick to condemn him as a "  Nazi enthusiast . " "  It 's an unbelievably disturbing story here about this Nazi enthusiast , " Ryan Rudominer , national press secretary for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , has said . CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Rich Iott is running for U.S. Congress from Ohio 's 9th Congressional District Iott says re-enactments teach history His group 's website does not mention the Holocaust directly A Democratic spokesman calls Iott a "  Nazi enthusiast "
Atlanta  CNN  -- The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration confiscated a potent drug commonly used in lethal injections from a state correctional facility cache . Georgia Department of Corrections spokeswoman Joan Heath said the department contacted the DEA about its management of sodium thiopental , a powerful sedative . "  The department requested assistance from the DEA to ensure our handling of controlled substances is in compliance , " she said in a statement . "  Because this is an ongoing regulatory matter , we will reserve further comment until the review is complete . " CNN did not receive a reply to an inquiry on how the correctional facility obtained the drug . The DEA seized "  a quantity " of sodium thiopental Tuesday , and is now actively investigating the matter , spokesman Chuvalo Truesdell said . "  As such , DEA is currently working with the Georgia Department of Corrections to ensure that they are in compliance with federal regulations , " Truesdell said . States that carry out lethal injections during death-row executions have historically administered a three-drug cocktail to carry out the process . Sodium thiopental is typically injected first to act as a sedative ; the second drug paralyzes the inmate ; the last stops the heart . Hospira , the only domestic manufacturer of sodium thiopental , stopped producing the drug in August 2009 because of a shortage of raw materials , a company spokesman said in December . The Illinois-based pharmaceutical company has said for years that it does n't support the use of the sedative in lethal injections . "  Sodium thiopental was only made for medical use and to improve patients ' lives , " Hospira spokesman Dan Rosenberg said . The drug , sold under the name Pentothal , was intended to be made at the company 's plant in Italy . But due to concerns with Italian authorities on the use of the drug in capital punishment procedures in the United States , Hospira announced in January it would stop producing sodium thiopental completely . "  Italy 's intent is that we control the product all the way to the ultimate end user to prevent use in capital punishment , " Hospira said in a statement . "  Based on this understanding , we can not take the risk that we will be held liable by the Italian authorities if the product is diverted for use in capital punishment . Exposing our employees or facilities to liability is not a risk we are prepared to take . " The resulting shortage of sodium thiopental prompted 13 states to appeal to the Department of Justice in a letter early this year to question how the sedative could be obtained elsewhere , and whether the federal government would allocate some of its own supplies . "  Sodium thiopental is in very short supply worldwide and , for various reasons , essentially unavailable on the open market , " the letter said . "  For those jurisdictions that have the drug available , their supplies are very small -- measured in a handful of doses . The result is that many jurisdictions shortly will be unable to perform executions in cases where appeals have been exhausted and governors have signed death warrants . "  Therefore , we solicit your assistance in either identifying an appropriate source for sodium thiopental or making supplies held by the federal government available to the states , " the letter said . Some states have been substituting other chemicals . Wednesday , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice approved the use of pentobarbital on death row inmates , a powerful anesthetic more commonly used to euthanize animals . Pentobarbital is already being used by prison systems in Oklahoma and Ohio , spurring controversy . In December , the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals allowed the substitution of sodium thiopental with pentobarbital in the execution of Oklahoma death row inmate John David Duty despite claims from his lawyers that pentobarbital was risky and unproven on humans . The court replied in an order , "  According to the record , sodium thiopental is now effectively unobtainable anywhere in the United States , thus requiring Oklahoma and other death-penalty states to revise their lethal injection protocols . "	Powerful sedative used in death-row executions now in short supply Illinois company stopped making sodium thiopental in 2009
CNN  -- Time has effectively stood still in the Ukrainian city of Pripyat , which was evacuated in the aftermath of the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear explosion . At the time of the disaster during the Soviet era , about 49,000 people lived in Pripyat , located less than two miles from the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant . They left behind schools , homes , factories , parks and gyms that have remained largely undisturbed for the past 30 years . Armed with a camera and a dosimeter Geiger counter , cinematographer Danny Cooke explored the remains of Pripyat and Chernobyl . He pieced the footage together in a three-minute video that boasts drone footage of sweeping shots of abandoned buildings and parks . He also photographed building interiors on foot , capturing haunting scenes of empty schools and homes . Cooke visited Pripyat and Chernobyl in June while working for CBS News on a "  60 Minutes " episode . He created the video to showcase his camerawork from the shoot for his portfolio . Postcards from Pripyat , Chernobyl from Danny Cooke on Vimeo . It was his first time there , though he has memories of Chernobyl 's effect on his family living in Italy at the time . "  The nuclear dust clouds swept westward towards us . The Italian police went round and threw away all the local produce and my mother rushed out to purchase as much tinned milk as possible to feed me , her infant son , " he said . "  It caused so much distress hundreds of miles away , so I ca n't imagine how terrifying it would have been for the hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian citizens who were forced to evacuate . " The visit was a life-changing experience , he said . "  It 's very hard to explain , however , I feel different from when I set foot into the zone to when I left . My perspective of life changed slightly , " he said in an email to CNN . "  On approaching the zone , I was aware that radiation is an invisible sensation but regardless my body reacted in a psychological way . My brain was telling me that perhaps I 'd made the wrong choice and this was n't such a good idea , " he said . "  It was too late to go back now , but I 'll never regret ever entering the zone . The sight of the school canteen floor in Pripyat will be something I will never forget in my lifetime . What the evacuees must have gone through is unthinkable . " More : The city Chernobyl built	Filmmaker uses drone camera to capture remains of Chernobyl and nearby city of Pripyat Danny Cooke visited the area for work on "  60 Minutes " The visit changed his "  perspective of life , " Cooke said
Washington  CNN  -- What 's wrong with the "  Gang of Eight " comprehensive immigration reform bill ? Jeff Sessions has a lot of answers to that question , but he starts by pointing to a picture of a modest white house built in the early 1930s in Hybart , Alabama . "  I grew up in rural Alabama , in a poor area of the state , " the three-term Republican noted during a recent interview in his Washington office . "  We did n't have central heat , but we got by . And people  still  do . " But "  we 've got a serious social and economic problem in America , " the conservative senator said . "  We 've got high unemployment among lower skilled workers , and their wages are n't even keeping up with inflation . " Adding millions of newly legalized workers to the mix over the next few years will only hurt the most vulnerable segments of the work force , Sessions said . Specifically , he argued that in granting work authorization for millions of undocumented men and women over the next decade and beyond , the bill will benefit corporate titans by flooding the labor market and holding down stagnant salaries in an already weak economy . In short , it will lead to disaster for those Americans now clinging to the bottom rung of the economic ladder . It 's a populist argument not often heard in the higher echelons of today 's GOP . "  My Republican colleagues seem to be oblivious to the free market , " Sessions said . Sessions recently sat down with CNN to discuss his role in leading the charge against the 844-page overhaul of the country 's immigration laws . He is by far the Senate 's toughest critic of the bill -- crafted by four Democratic and four Republican colleagues -- as it winds its way through the Democratic-controlled Senate . He offered almost 50 amendments to the Judiciary Committee and is trying to derail the bill at nearly every turn . His office sends out daily -- sometimes hourly -- alerts highlighting various perceived flaws in the measure . The proposal "  does not hold up to scrutiny , " he insisted . "  We 're going to tell the truth about the bill . We 're going to expose it . " Sessions is not new to this debate . During President George W. Bush 's second term , he helped kill a proposed bipartisan immigration overhaul pushed by Sens. Edward Kennedy and John McCain . Like President Barack Obama now , Bush made immigration reform a second term priority . Back then -- as now -- reform backers highlighted the glut of undocumented workers doing the toughest jobs on America 's farms and elsewhere . Sessions is still irritated by a statement Bush made in 2006 that reform is needed because "  there are jobs that just simply are n't getting done because Americans wo n't do them . " "  When President Bush said that there were certain jobs Americans wo n't do , I consider it to be one of the greatest errors in his entire presidency , " Sessions said . "  Americans are doing tough work every day . They ought to be respected for it . They should n't be looked down for it . And we need their salaries going up . " Some immigration reform proponents insist there 's no way to truly lock the border down if there 's a strong enough economic incentive to come to United States . Sessions , however , insists the border can be fully secured , and that it was headed in that direction before Obama took office in 2009 . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  Director John Morton have overseen an "  evisceration of internal enforcement , " he said , flatly contradicting White House claims . If changes made at the end of Bush 's term "  had been followed up on , we could have already had the border substantially secure . " "  A nation that pretends to have a lawful system of immigration has to be willing to execute that , " Sessions said , noting that bitter opposition of the ICE agents ' union to the "  Gang of Eight " bill . It requires "  a certain effort and consistency that 's been lacking . " Among the many flaws in the "  Gang of Eight " bill , according to Sessions , is a diminution of accountability standards along the border . He rails at a decision made by the authors of the bipartisan legislation to ignore a 1996 requirement for the use of biometrics -- such as fingerprints -- for visa holders at all entry and exit points . Democrats and others call the standard -- which was never enacted -- unrealistic and prohibitively expensive . Sessions introduced an amendment withholding citizenship from any undocumented worker until its complete enactment , but the proposal was voted down by the Judiciary Committee in a 12-6 vote . The panel 's 10 Democrats were joined by Republicans Jeff Flake of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , both members of the "  Gang of Eight . " Flake and Graham have been working with the panel 's Democratic majority to prevent any major changes to the bill . "  Everybody needs to know it -- who 's calling the shots , " Sessions said at one recent committee meeting . Sessions also takes aim at language in the bill swapping the existing E-verify system -- an Internet-based program used to check the legal status of potential employees -- with a new one that relies more strongly on photographic matches through passport and driver 's license images , among other things . Supporters insist the new version will be more effective , but Sessions says it 's unproven and offers too much discretion to the Department of Homeland Security . It "  could be an improvement " but "  it 's dangerous the way  the provision  is written , " the senator argued . "  I 'm wondering why they want to go around and create a new one . " Beyond disputes over specific provisions , Sessions makes what he characterizes as a broader moral argument against the proposal . "  I will not support citizenship for people who entered the country illegally , " Sessions said . "  There needs to be some difference between what we do for a person who enters the country legally and those who enter illegally . "  And there 's no moral , no legal , no principled reason why this United States government should reward people who broke the law and entered the country illegally with every benefit that you give to somebody who comes lawfully . " The bill as currently written "  just further incentivizes amnesties in the future , " he argued , invoking one of the most bitterly contested terms of the debate . While the Republican Party may be divided over immigration reform , analysts are not surprised by Sessions ' role as leader of the Senate opposition . "  Given the politics of Alabama , it does n't surprise me at all , " said Richard Fording , chairman of the University of Alabama 's political science department . "  Politics here dictates you oppose whatever the president supports . " Fording noted Alabama 's passage in 2011 of one of the strictest laws in the country designed to crack down on undocumented immigration . Among other things , the law requires police who make lawful traffic stops or arrests to try to determine the immigration status of anyone they suspect might be in the country illegally . The law retains broad support in Alabama , Fording said , even crossing the state 's traditional racial divide . "  There 's nothing for Sessions to lose and maybe lots to gain " in opposing the "  Gang of Eight " bill , Fording said . As for political considerations on Capitol Hill , Sessions told CNN the "  Gang of Eight " put its blueprint together using an "  old fashioned , smoke-filled room strategy . " As a result , he says , the bill was written by big labor and business interests . "  I 've been around here a long time , " he said . "  I 've never seen a more calculated , cold-blooded p.r. campaign managed to advance a piece of legislation than this one . " "  The political consultants and pollsters and people  managing the bill  ... anticipated everything that was going to occur , " he declared . "  They planned on careful attacks to neutralize critics . " "  But somebody needs to ask questions about this bill , " he quickly added . "  They do n't get to write a bill in secret , and we all roll over and have it passed without examination . " And what about the argument that by opposing comprehensive immigration reform , Republicans risk permanently alienating America 's rapidly growing Hispanic population ? Sessions returns to his economic theme . "  I believe that , politically , at this point in time we should serve and listen to the concerns of the working Americans who are making $ 20,000 to $ 45,000 a year , " Sessions said . "  That includes Hispanics , African-Americans , and Caucasians , " he noted . "  One of the reasons their wages have n't gone up is because there 's too much labor . And so , if we end the illegality with a good , principled immigration bill ,  if  we allow a generous but responsible flow of immigrants in the future , and if we improve the lives of working Americans , then that 's the way you win elections . "	Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions leads fight against "  Gang of Eight " immigration bill Sessions says the bill will hurt lower skilled workers Sessions : "  No principled reason " to give full benefits to those who entered country illegally Sessions promises to "  expose " truth about immigration bill
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- Video game pioneer Richard Garriott resides in a castle-like mansion outside of Austin , Texas , that would be the fantasy dwelling for any grown-up kid . But his favorite place to live is a five-bedroom fixer-upper some 250 miles up . In 2008 , Garriott parlayed his success in the video game industry into a lifelong dream : to fly to the International Space Station . "  Literally , throughout my entire professional career , I 've been investing in the privatization of space , "  says Garriott . "  Helping to unlock the gates of private space travel . " Life back on Earth is far from boring for Lord British , as he 's known to video game fanatics the world over . Over the years , he 's amassed a spectacular array of toys , ranging from medieval weapons to a fully-functional observatory dome . Britannia Manor , Garriott 's haunted house/amusement park residence in Austin is a veritable shrine to discovery , teeming with sentimental and inventive nods to the importance of science and curiosity . In 2009 , Motherboard producer Juan Carlos Pineiro-Escoriaza traveled to Garriott 's home to learn how his whimsical yet inherently scientific modus operandi is helping to usher in a new generation of exploration . Not to mention , securing his seat as "  nerd par excellence " for brandishing an impressive collection of rare and unreleased versions of "  The Lord of the Rings " series . So jealous . Garriott is perhaps most famous for developing the seminal video game series , "  Ultima "  and coining the term Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game , or MMORPG , under his Lord British moniker . His success as a game developer earned him a stately fortune , with which he had long hoped to become the first private citizen to go to space . He was n't the first -- the burst of the dot-com bubble led Garriott to sell his spot to Dennis Tito . Garriott would become the sixth private citizen to reach space , a distinction held only by a handful of people , including engineer and first self-funded woman and Iranian citizen in space , Anousheh Ansari and entrepreneur/philanthropist/poker player Guy Lalibert . But do n't call them space tourists -- they 're "  spaceflight participants " who 've paid millions and spent years in training  and learning Russian  in preparation for orbit . See the rest of "  Richard Garriott A.K.A. Lord British " Garriott 's salad days were spent nearby Texas ' Johnson Space Center , where his father , scientist and early space shuttle astronaut Owen Garriott was stationed . He grew up in a community of astronauts and rocket scientists , nurturing his belief that space would become a common destination for everyone -- sooner rather than later . With the space shuttle program gearing up for its last two scheduled flights , Garriott has become an ambassador of the next monumental relationship between mankind and the cosmos -- the privatization of space . When the space shuttle program does finally end in June , leaving behind an exciting 30-year history , some of NASA 's facilities will be turned over to Space Exploration Technologies  SpaceX  , the leading contender in an industry poised to help NASA send astronauts and materials to the ISS . Meanwhile , an important corollary to missions contracted by the government are those with more regal intentions , such as Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic , which aims to offer sub-orbital spaceflights to anyone who can shell out $ 200,000 for a flight . Somewhere in between this new spectrum of chartered space flight sits pioneers like Garriott , who is showing that even without NASA 's support , everyone should get excited outer space , and have a chance to get there too .	Video game pioneer Richard Garriott is also avid space fan Was one of world 's first space tourists and is ambassador for space privatization Garriott 's vision is for space to become common destination for everyone
EW.com  -- The changes to Fox 's singing competition shows have only just begun . After weeks of dramatic headlines about "  Idol 's " slipping ratings and "  Factor 's " talent departures , Fox 's president of alternative entertainment Mike Darnell spoke to EW about the challenges faced by "  American Idol " and "  The X Factor " -- and his strategy for remaining on top . Given their large number of hours and consistent ability to win time periods , one could argue that "  Idol " and "  Factor " are the No. 1 network 's most important shows . So what does it mean when the bulk of the "  Factor " cast abruptly gets pink-slipped and "  Idol " has CBS ' "  Big Bang Theory " nipping at its heels on Thursday nights ? With "  Factor " , the sudden exodus of host Steve Jones , judge Nicole â $ ªScherzingerâ $ ¬ and executive producer Simon Cowell 's longtime TV-spouse Paula Abdul may have stunned observers  L.A. Reid will return  . Yet the move was somewhat less surprising to followers of the UK version , which sheds judges every few seasons . In a genre where tough-love auditions are the heart of the format , Darnell described being a star on "  Factor 's " debut as not entirely dissimilar to being a contestant . "  Season one was basically an audition act , " said Darnell late last week . "  Simon got one big new star out of it -- L.A. Reid , and that was great casting . There 's going to be a natural reassessment . " Viewers largely accepted the departure of Jones and â $ ªScherzinger , yet the loss of Abdul raised concern . She may not have been the strongest contributor to the show , the reasoning went , but she did n't seem to be an overt problem either . "  Paula was an interesting call , " Darnell said . "  She and Simon are great friends , so it was just a dynamic conversation about what 's the nature of the group going to be . And I think we decided to pull the Band-Aid off as quickly as possible . " Fox hopes to fill the spots over the next several months . It 's reasonable to expect the network will pursue big music stars , with the caveat that prospective judges also should also have workable chemistry with Cowell . The bottom line is that Fox wants to take a show that was already typically winning its night and find every way possible to improve it -- including brainstorming creative changes apart from the on-air talent . "  There definitely will be lots of different changes in the show , " Darnell said . That said , Darnell dismissed one TV critic complaint that the show seemed "  inauthentic . " "  That 's the kind of stuff that pundits talk about that does n't mean anything to the audience , " he said . "  It was a very consistent audience for that show . The audience that stuck with the show loved it . " Over on "  Idol , " Darnell faces the trickier challenge of keeping an 11-year-old hit feeling fresh and compelling without altering its popular fundamentals . Asked why "  Idol 's " ratings have softened , Darnell agreed with TV analysts who point to the flood of singing competition shows . Idol used to be an annual event . Now there 's wide-eyed young singers , brutal judges and suspenseful eliminations on TV all year around . The other programs include Fox 's own "  Factor , " of course  when Cowell decided to launch a U.S. version of his UK hit , Fox had little choice but to get on board , lest risk losing him to a rival network  . "  There 's no question there 's a glut of -LSB- singing competition shows that are -RSB- affecting the numbers for Idol , " Darnell said . "  It 's the granddaddy , it 's run is unprecedented . I think that considering all the other shows and its age , it 's doing quite well . Having both shows on our air has put us in an incredibly strong position as a network . " "  Idol " is still a No. 1 for the season and averages about 20 million viewers a week . While "  Big Bang " and ABC 's "  Modern Family " are closing the gap , "  Idol " generates more than 50 hours per season compared to roughly 11 for half-hour comedies  no drama series come close to Idol 's numbers  . Like with the recent "  Factor " headlines , Fox has weathered plenty of second-guessing media coverage over the past several years of "  Idol " panel changes . Some pundits predicted Cowell exiting the show two years ago would be a fatal blow , especially since the ratings were already declining . Yet when looking at the ratings , "  Idol " changes over the years seemed to help offset audience erosion . "  Idol " typically only dropped about 10-12 percent each season despite its age , often returned better than most industry observers expected . After last year 's well-received addition of judges Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez , making further alterations would have appeared foolish -- why fix a show that was n't broken ? But with the new season 's ratings down more than 20 percent , it raises the question : Is "  Idol " at a point where it now requires major changes each season to keep fans ' interest ? Though making a judgement on next year 's "  Idol " panel is months away , Darnell noted viewers can expect to see some twists this season . "  There 's always freshening up , " he said . "  We 've done rule changes , we 've eliminated the middle rounds , we put in the judges ' ` save . ' And there will be some changes coming to the show this year that no one knows about yet , -LSB- though -RSB- they 're more modest than last year . What you try to do generally is if you have a year of big changes , you try to let those settle for at least another year . Change can help , or it can kill you if it 's the wrong change . You never want to change the core of the show , no matter what the competition is doing , because that 's what people come back for . " One frequent point of viewer debate is the number of good auditions vs. humorously bad auditions . As with every aspect of his shows , Darnell has given the matter plenty of thought and experimented with different possibilities . "  We used to have more bad than good , " he said . "  Over the last three years we 've gone the opposite direction . I think it 's a balancing act . One of the things that separate ` Idol ' from the other shows is that we have the fun and funny auditions , that 's why those -LSB- opening weeks -RSB- numbers are usually big . If you go too far in one direction or the other , that 's a mistake . And you have to be careful about which bad auditions are shown . The William Hungs of the world work , but people dressed as bananas do n't . They have to be sincere auditions . " And if the unthinkable happens . If "  Idol , " after eight seasons as TV 's top-rated entertainment program , should slip ... Darnell predicted the network -- and the show -- will survive just fine . "  It would be nice to reign forever as No. 1 , " Darnell said . "  But if ` Idol ' ever becomes a second - or third-place show , it still has a much bigger impact and value than most other shows because it accounts for so many more hours . Obviously all shows come down , but to still be at this level is amazing , and we 're really grateful for that . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  American Idol " and "  X Factor " are the No. 1 network 's most important shows Fox executive on "  Factor " : "  There definitely will be lots of different changes in the show " Fox executive on "  Idol " : "  You never want to change the core of the show "
CNN  Bali 's most renowned dishes , made rich by the heavy use of local herbs and spices , are traditionally eaten during the colorful Hindu ceremonies that punctuate life on the Indonesian island . Dining out is a relatively recent development in Bali -- a few generations ago people may have grabbed takeaway from warungs  small shops and restaurants  but generally did not go out to eat . These days though , plenty of classic dishes are served everywhere from tiny warungs through to high-end restaurants , making it easy for travelers to savor the flavors of real Balinese cuisine . Babi guling  suckling pig Pork dishes are relatively hard to find across the mostly Muslim Indonesian archipelago , but Bali 's famed suckling pig makes any roaming traveler 's wait worthwhile . While strictly speaking a suckling pig should still be feeding on its mother 's milk , in Bali the pigs used in this popular dish can weigh about 70 kilograms  150 pounds  . They are rubbed with turmeric then stuffed with a "  base gede , " or spice paste , which usually includes a combination of coriander seeds , lemongrass , Asian lime leaves and salam leaves , chillies , black pepper , garlic , red shallots , ginger and kencur  lesser galangal  . The pig is roasted on a spit over coconut husks or wood to tender perfection . When ordering a plate , expect sliced meat , a few pieces of satay , caramelized crackling and more obscure parts , like crispy intestines -- this is nose-to-tail dining at its most traditional . While warungs serve the dish right across the island , Ibu Oka 's in Ubud  Jalan Suweta/Tegal Sari No. 2  is the most renowned place to try it and is the choice of Bali-based U.S. pastry chef Will Goldfarb , of Mejekawi and Room 4 Dessert . "  They do n't need the press , but I hate the haters , " he says . Richard Millar , director of cuisine at W Retreat , suggests Pak Malen Warung in Seminyak  Sunset Road  . "  The skin is served crispy and the meat is always tender -- they also offer a special that is served with rice and spicy soup which is delicious . " Lawar Lawar is a crunch-tender mix of vegetables , grated coconut meat and minced meat mixed with various heady herbs and spices , and often fresh blood -- every village has its own version . While it 's the usual accompaniment to babi guling , lawar can stand as a dish in its own right -- lawar nangka , or young jackfruit lawar , is an example . Mamasan and Sarong chef Will Meyrick recommends the nasi lawar campur at Warung Lawar Sapi Odah  Pantai Segara , Sanur  . "  This place is always packed , " Meyrick says , adding that the variety of dishes accompanying the lawar are excellent . "  The serapah sapi , which is a mixture of shredded vegetables , velvety offal , thick blood and coconut milk , is just a winner . Do n't be off put by the inclusion of blood , it is a part of every meat dish adding flavor , freshness and texture . " Bebek betutu  slow cooked duck Another ceremonial dish , bebek betutu needs to be cooked for so long that you 'll have to order it a day in advance . Chef Penny Williams from Bali Asli  Jalan Raya Gelumpang , Gelumpang , Amlapura  explains that the duck is first rubbed with tamarind puree and salt to purify any "  ducky " aromas and tenderize the meat . This is then washed off and the bird  chicken is often used instead  is stuffed with eggs , cassava leaves and bumbu rajeng , a spice mix specifically created for this dish . It 's then wrapped in "  upeh " , or betel nut husks , and slow cooked until the meat falls off the bone . "  There are variations , as upeh can be difficult to find and expensive at times -- banana leaves can also be used , " says Williams . While Bali Asli occasionally makes the chicken version , a good spot to sample the succulent duck dish is at German chef Heinz van Holzen 's long-running Bumbu Bali  Jalan Pratama , Tanjung Benoa  . Sate lembat Bali 's take on satay , the classic meat-on-a-stick dish found across the Indonesian archipelago , is minced meat pounded in a mortar and pestle with young grated coconut and a bumbu , or spice mixture , that varies according to region . It may be similar to the pastes used in babi guling or bebek betutu but perhaps with cardamom , cinnamon , nutmeg , tamarind or cumin seeds also making an appearance . The seasoned meat is shaped around a split bamboo skewer and quickly barbecued , often while hand-fanned , over hot coals . Forget the peanut sauce found elsewhere , sate in Bali is accompanied with shrimp paste-based sambal "  matah " , meaning raw or alive . Sate is a popular street food dish so it can be found at any busy market , but a higher-end option is the Alila Uluwatu 's Warung  Jalan Belimbing Sari , Banjar Tambiyak , Desa Pecatu  , where the sate lilit ikan is served on aromatic lemongrass skewers . Ikan bakar  grilled fish  Jimbaran-style While not a particularly authentic Balinese dish , tucking into ikan bakar  grilled fish  seaside in Jimbaran Bay as the sun sets , toes flexing in the sand as candles flicker to life , is a quintessential Bali dining experience . Merah Putih , chef Wayan Mustika , suggests heading to Lia Cafe , reputed to be the very first ikan bakar warung in Jimbaran , on the beach -- these days it can be found amid a cluster of warungs off Jalan Pemelisan . Here Nyoman Gasim makes a superlative ikan bakar using kakap merah  red snapper  over wood charcoal with "  the most amazing sauce which he refuses to give the recipe for , " Mustika says . The basic ingredient of the special sauce is chillies , though it 's not spicy as it 's balanced with lots of tomato amid other fresh "  secret " additions , he adds . Be siap sambal matah  chicken in ` raw ' sambal Eelke Plasmeijer from Locavore  Jalan Dewi Sita , Ubud  nominates be siap sambal matah as his favorite dish : it 's shredded chicken in a raw sambal of shallots , lemongrass , ginger torch , chillies , coconut oil , shrimp paste , salt and lime leaves . Most warungs offering nasi campur  rice with mixed dishes  will have it among their dishes of the day , but Locavore 's restaurant manager 's mother makes the version he likes best for their staff meals . "  I ca n't get enough of it ! It is a dish you wo n't find anywhere in Indonesia other than Bali and cooked properly it 's not to be missed , " he says . "  People can always come and join our staff meal if they like . " Samantha Brown has been living and working in Southeast Asia since 1997and these days manages online regional guide Travelfish.org .	Originally eaten only during Hindu ceremonies , these Balinese dishes can now be found in tiny local cafes and high-end restaurants Every village has its own version of Lawar , a mix of vegetables , grated coconut meat , minced meat and fresh blood Tucking into ikan bakar  grilled fish  seaside in Jimbaran Bay is a quintessential Bali dining experience
CNN  -- If recent trends are any indication , cartoon self-caricatures are becoming more popular than the clichéd photo in the mirror headshot . Cartoon avatars , both classic and new , are hot right now . The cartoon-spawning series "  Mad Men " is back . The critically and commercially successful AMC show about 1960s ad execs has revived its popular "  Mad Men Yourself " campaign , which lets you create an animated doppelganger that smokes like a train and would n't be out of place in a film noir . Since "  Mad Men Yourself " launched a year ago , thousands of people adorned their Facebook profiles with the retro caricatures . The trend was not unlike the personalized knockoffs of Shepard Fairley 's striking Obama Hope design during the 2008 presidential election . The Wall Street Journal , which is mentioned in the "  Mad Men " season opener , created an iconic "  hedcut " of the show 's lead character , Don Draper . In other words , the WSJ made a real hedcut of a fake person on a TV show , just as "  Mad Men Yourself " encouraged real people to make fake versions of themselves . One artist , David Lanham , uses Apple 's iPhone 4 video-chat capabilities to create user avatars . For $ 50 , Lanham will do a cartoon portrait of you after chatting with you for about 20 minutes via the phone 's FaceTime app . Lanham is not basing the portraits on photos but on videos -- although he will snap a screen shot of you for reference if he needs it . Will this cartoon-avatar trend last ? Probably not for long , as people may get sick of looking the same as all their Facebook friends . But it may return with the next easily modifiable cartoon-portrait app . In the meantime , feel free to pre-emptively block the return of the bathroom mirror self-portrait -- there 's a Facebook group for it .	The AMC show "  Mad Men " has revived its popular "  Mad Men Yourself " campaign The Wall Street Journal created an iconic "  hedcut " of character Don Draper Many Facebook profiles have been taken over by caricatures One artist is enabling the portrait trend by using iPhone 4 video chats to create user avatars
CNN  -- The University of West Georgia graduate student infected with rare "  flesh-eating " bacteria has proven to be "  amazingly resilient , " her father said Wednesday , and a second apparent case has been reported . "  It 's phenomenal the change we 've seen in the past week , " said Andy Copeland , whose 24-year-old daughter Aimee was on a ventilator in intensive care at Doctors Hospital in Augusta , Georgia . "  Today , she 's actually doing very well , " he told Jane Velez-Mitchell of CNN 's sister station HLN . "  She was in high spirits . " The master 's student in psychology at the Carrollton school was with friends on May 1 near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when she grabbed onto a zip line . It snapped and she fell . The accident left a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , where doctors determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . She was flown to Augusta for surgery . Since then , doctors have removed part of Copeland 's abdomen , amputated a leg and expect to remove her fingers , her father said . "  We 're unclear if she actually knows about the leg , " he said . "  Right now , she does know about the condition of her hands , though . She knows there has been some atrophy -- or basically a loss of blood flow in that area . " The father said there was no immediate need for surgeons to remove her fingers , which he described as being in a state of "  dry gangrene ... her fingers basically , at this point , are necrotized . It 's dead flesh ; they will ultimately have to be removed . " Copeland , who has been on life support since May 4 , regained consciousness a week later , the school 's website said . She has since undergone a tracheotomy . "  I hope it will be easier to understand her , " said Aimee Copeland 's sister Paige . Until now , the family has been playing a form of charades in an attempt to decipher her words , which the ventilator 's presence has been made difficult to understand , she said . Copeland has been infused with 177 units of blood since she contracted the infection . That 's more than 168 pints ; the average human body contains about 10 pints of blood , according to America 's Blood Centers . The bacteria are "  remarkably common in the water and in the environment , " according to Dr. Buddy Creech , an assistant professor of pediatric infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University . He said it was not clear how many cases occur in the United States in any given year . "  For pediatrics , we only see two or three a year , " he said , referring to Vanderbilt . "  When it gets into those deeper tissues , it has a remarkable ability to destroy the tissues that surround it in sort of this hunt for nutrition , " he said . "  When it does that , those tissues die , and you see the inflammation and the swelling and the destruction that can be very difficult to control . " The infection is fatal in about one in four cases , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website . A similar if apparently less severe case was reported by the husband of a 36-year-old paramedic and nurse from Greenville , South Carolina , who gave birth to twins on May 7 at a hospital in Georgia . The couple had traveled to Atlanta because they had found there a doctor who was willing to perform a vaginal delivery even if the babies were in the breach position . Some doctors prefer to perform cesarean sections in such cases . Other than a minor tear that was sewn up and the loss of "  a lot of blood " that required a transfusion , Lana Kuykendall 's vaginal deliveries of twins Abigail and Ian were uneventful , said her husband , Darren Kuykendall , a 42-year-old firefighter . But when Lana Kuykendall failed to feel better by Thursday , she checked out of the Atlanta hospital and traveled back to Greenville . "  We discharged because we wanted to come home and see if we could get her better , because they could n't figure out what was wrong with her , " het said . But once she was home with her babies , Lana Kuykendall 's condition worsened . On Friday morning , "  she woke up and she had a big bruise on the back of her leg and it looked like a blood clot , " Darren Kuykendall said . "  That spot just got bigger and bigger as she laid there . Literally , you could almost watch it grow as you 're standing there . " He then took his wife to Greenville Memorial Hospital . "  One of the OB doctors realized what it kind of looked like , and she went and got the surgeon , and they all made the decision that it was definitely necrotizing fasciitis , so they took her immediately to surgery , " he said . By then , the affected tissue "  had almost encircled her leg . " In separate procedures on Friday , Saturday and Sunday , surgeons cut out dead skin and tissue from both legs to keep the infection from spreading and put her on antibiotics , said Kuykendall . "  It 's hopefully on its way to healing , " he said . "  She 's sedated and on a ventilator . " Though Lana Kuykendall 's organs remain in good shape , "  they told me it could still go either way , " her husband said . Still , he added , "  she 's critical , but likely she 's going to be OK . " Sandy Dees , the hospital 's public relations officer , could only confirm Wednesday night that her condition was critical but stable . The two doctors whom Darren Kuykendall identified as having treated his wife have not responded to requests for comment . Meanwhile , infants Abigail and Ian are in the care of family and friends , Kuykendall said .	NEW : An apparently less severe case is reported involving S.C. woman who had twins NEW : After surgery , the infection is "  hopefully on its way to healing , " her husband says Father of Georgia college grad student upbeat about his daughter 's improvement Aimee Copeland , 24 , has had a leg amputated and will lose fingers , Andy Copeland says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new robotic suit could transform the lives of paralyzed people , giving them the ability to walk again . A lightweight robotic suit can help some wheelchair users walk . The invention , known as ReWalk , acts like a kind of exoskeleton . It consists of lightweight , motorized leg supports and an assortment of intricate motion sensors . Users wear a backpack that holds a computerized control box which helps the medical device recognize when a step needs to be taken . "  Standing changes my whole environment . I do n't have to look from the bottom up . Now I am eye to eye with everybody , " Radi Kaiof , who has used the device , told CNN . Kaiof , a former Israeli soldier , was paralyzed from the waist down 20 years ago . He does n't have feeling in his legs but is still able to move with the use of the robotic suit . Watch Kaiof walk with the assistance of the suit " With the assistance of crutches , which offer balance and support , people paralyzed from the waist down can walk , bend , sit and even climb stairs when they wear the suit . The futuristic invention offers an alternative to using a wheelchair for those who have functioning upper bodies and are capable of standing with the use of supports . It is the creation of Dr. Amit Goffer , an engineer and founder of Haifa , Israel-based high-tech firm Argo Medical Technologies . Goffer was inspired to create the device more than a decade ago after he became disabled in an accident . The medical technology that could help paraplegics do what was once considered impossible is n't available for purchase yet . The device was n't ready for testing until late 2007 and currently is in clinical trials in Tel Aviv . More trials are planned for the United States and Europe , and if the product receives the necessary approvals , it could hit the market in 2010 . The price of the device has n't been set yet , but is expected to be comparable with the typical average yearly expense of using a wheelchair . The robotic suit improves the quality of life of people paralyzed from the waist down , according to Goffer , who wanted to give paraplegics an alternative to using a wheelchair . It also benefits their overall health since it keeps their bodies active all day long , he says . But when it comes down to it , the invention is all about helping people regain respect . Dignity is "  the No. 1 problem " for people who use wheelchairs , says Goffer . For Kaiof , the former soldier , the robotic suit has changed his life . Before he tried it on , his daughter had never seen him stand before . When he stood before her for the first time , she could n't believe just how tall he was , he recounted to CNN .	Robotic suit developed in Israel helps paraplegics walk again Device gives paralyzed people alternative to using a wheelchair Invention currently in clinical trials and could be on the market by 2010
CNN  -- Florida 's effort to reunite families with the remains of their relatives believed to be buried on the grounds of a now-defunct reform school is being challenged by county officials . Commissioners in Jackson County , Florida , have filed a court motion to thwart the efforts of the state attorney general , who filed a motion earlier this month seeking the excavation of nameless graves on the grounds of the Dozier School for Boys in the Florida panhandle town of Marianna . It 's yet another chapter in the long , sordid past of the reform school . Inmates sent there have told tales of brutal beatings , sexual assaults , murder and boys who simply disappeared . The graves , marked only by white tubular steel crosses , have been there since the early 1900s . Even though the graves are on state property , the county objects to the proposed exhumations because it said it has not been determined who will pay for the efforts of the county medical examiner , who would be directing the effort . In its circuit court filing , the county also said that notice has not been made to the family members of those who died . Glen Varnadoe has been one of the leaders in the effort to have the graves exhumed . He said his father and his uncle were sent to the reform school in 1934 after they allegedly stole a typewriter . Mystery surrounds graves at boys reform school Thirty days later , he said , his uncle , Thomas Varnadoe , was buried on school property . Varnadoe said his father told him that they were regularly beaten during their time at the school . One night , his father said , he was awakened by guards who brought him to a freshly dug grave site in the woods , where school administrators told him that his brother had just been buried . He was only told that his brother died from pneumonia . Varnadoe said he simply wants his uncle 's remains so he can bury him properly . And he said he is willing to file a civil action against Jackson County to make that happen . "  I 'm angry , and I 'm aggravated , " Varnadoe said . "  I think they 're going to be in for a tough fight . " "  Look how they buried these people , " he said . "  If they want me to go away , then point me to Thomas Varnadoe 's grave , and I 'll have him disinterred and moved , and I 'll leave these people alone . " CNN 's calls to the Jackson County Commission went unanswered . For years , stories and allegations of beatings , torture and murder have surrounded the century-old school . State authorities have said in the past that there were 31 burial sites at the school , and a 2009 state investigation found no wrongdoing in connection with those deaths . The case of the unnamed , unmarked graves has gotten a large amount of public attention in recent months , after a research project by the University of South Florida uncovered evidence that about 50 bodies are buried beneath and around the 31 crosses that make up the cemetery in the middle of the woods on the school 's property . In the wake of the university 's findings , U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , asked the Department of Justice to investigate . Earlier this week , Nelson toured the cemetery site . "  This is something that may be another part of our sordid past . This place was set up in the early 1900s and it was a different era back then when it came to civil rights , " Nelson said . The mystery surrounding the graves first made headlines in 2008 when Florida 's then-governor , Charlie Crist , ordered an investigation after a group of men , known as "  the White House Boys , " came forward with stories of how they were beaten with leather straps by school administrators inside a small , white building on school property . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's 2009 report said most of the 31 boys known to have been buried in the school 's cemetery were killed in a 1914 fire at the facility , while others died in a 1918 flu outbreak . At the time , the law enforcement agency said it could not determine where another 50 boys , who it said died at the school as a result of illnesses or accidents , were buried , blaming poorly kept school records . FDLE closed the case due to the lack of evidence that anyone had died as a result of criminal conduct , and no charges were filed . Investigators say the records do not explain why the boys were buried on school property in the first place . The boys who attended the school were considered "  young offenders " of state law and were placed in the school in order to be "  separated from older more vicious associates , " according to the 2009 report citing the Florida Children 's Commission of 1953 . Florida 's Department of Juvenile Justice closed the school in 2011 , blaming budget cuts . Glen Varnadoe is quite happy that the school is closed . He said he 's spent a considerable amount of his own money trying to have the remains of his uncle returned to him and his family . "  I do n't know why you 'd want to try to prevent anyone from returning a loved one after having been buried the way they have been buried , " he said . "  You tell me what their motive is . "	County officials want to block Florida from exhuming graves at a former reform school They cite concerns over who 's going to pay for it The move has upset families who have waited decades to properly bury their loved ones University researchers recently found evidence of about 50 bodies buried at the site
CNN  -- The cosmos has aligned , quite literally , for families , space geeks and insomniacs alike , as the Earth is set to intercept a new meteor shower late Friday into Saturday . The scientists who discovered the cosmic debris say the Camelopardalid shower could be "  significant . " Some forecasts show 200 to 1,000 meteors an hour between 2 and 4 a.m. Eastern Time on Saturday . NASA says North America is in the best position to get a glimpse because the peak of the shower will appear during our nighttime , and the debris will "  radiate " from a position favorable for viewing . "  We expect these meteors to radiate from a point in Camelopardalis , also known as ` the giraffe , ' a faint constellation near the North Star , " according to Bill Cooke , who heads NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office . More than just the potential for a spectacular light show , stargazers could witness a rare cosmic event . Awe-inspiring photos : ` Blood moon ' mesmerizes sky gazers "  New meteor showers do n't come along that often . It 'll be the first time in a generation that a new meteor shower will show up , " according to CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris . Where to see them The best place to watch the shower will be east of the Mississippi River or in California . Precipitation over the Plains and Pacific Northwest could make viewing there difficult . If you 're having trouble seeing it , or if you want to join other amateur astronomers across the country as it happens , NASA 's website will host a live chat from 11 p.m. Friday until 3 a.m. EDT Saturday , as well as offering a live view of the skies over Huntsville , Alabama . Instead of staring at a screen , though , Cooke encourages everyone to look up . "  There could be a new meteor shower , and I want to see it with my own eyes , " he said . The Camelopardalids The name of the shower , Camelopardalids , refers to the constellation and the angle in our sky from where the meteors will appear . The shower is made up of debris from Comet 209P/LINEAR , according to NASA . It crosses the Earth 's orbit once every five years as it circles the sun . In 2012 , NASA announced that Earth would encounter debris from this comet crossing our orbit this weekend . Astronaut tells kid , ` You 'd love it up here '	Camelopardalids will be visible Friday night into Saturday morning It 's the first new meteor shower in a generation , meteorologist says Clouds could impede viewing in the Plains and Pacific Northwest
Egypt 's former military chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi was sworn in Sunday as President , vowing to lead the country through important changes . In its next phase , Egypt "  will witness a total rise on both internal and external fronts , to compensate what we have missed and correct the mistakes of the past , " he said . Despite the political upheaval Egypt has faced in recent years , el-Sisi celebrated the transition from interim President Adly Mansour . "  In the long history that goes back thousands of years , our homeland did not witness democratic transfer of power . Now , for the first time , the President-elect shakes hands with the outgoing President , and together they sign a power transfer document in an unprecedented occasion , " he said in an address in front of the Supreme Constitutional Court 's General Assembly in Cairo . El-Sisi won 96 % of the vote in last month 's presidential election for a four-year term . When he was declared the winner last week , a boisterous celebration erupted in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , filled with fireworks and balloons bearing his image . Military and security personnel watched from the edges as crowds danced and sang . Washington is looking forward to working with el-Sisi "  to advance our strategic partnership and the many interests shared by the United States and Egypt , " the White House press secretary said last week . The election was called amid political turbulence that saw Mohamed Morsy -- the country 's first democratically elected President after the ouster of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak -- removed from power in a July military coup . El-Sisi , who was army chief at the time , stepped down from his military post this year to run for President . The White House said while it is pleased that international observers were allowed to participate in the election , "  we also share concerns raised by observation groups about the restrictive political environment in which this election took place . " "  As Egypt looks toward parliamentary elections later this year , we urge the government to consider the recommendations of the observer groups on ways to improve the administration of future elections , " the White House said . El-Sisi 's sole opponent , Hamdeen Sabahy , received 3.9 % of the vote , the country 's election commission said . Sabahy conceded defeat but raised questions about the political process . Allegations were made that Sabahy campaign representatives were attacked and detained , and that el-Sisi 's representatives were allowed inside polling stations , Egypt 's state-run Ahram Online news agency has reported . "  We can not give any credibility or ratification to the announced numbers of turnout or results , " Sabahy said last month . "  The announced results are an insult to the intelligence of the Egyptians . "	Abdel Fattah El-Sisi : Egypt will "  rise " to "  correct the mistakes of the past " Ex-military chief takes the oath of office for a four-year term El-Sisi won 96 % of the vote in last month 's presidential election Egypt 's first democratically elected president removed in coup last year
CNN  -- A lieutenant colonel from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington pleaded not guilty Tuesday to three counts of felony harassment alleging he threatened to blow up the state capitol in Olympia and hire a hit man for $ 150,000 to kill his estranged wife and his boss , CNN affiliate KIRO reported . Lt. Col. Robert E. Underwood , who has been undergoing "  a nasty divorce " the past two years , made the threats between March 1 and Monday , said Pierce County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Lori Kooiman in a court document . Underwood and his estranged wife have children and are dealing with custody and money issues , Kooiman said in the court document . A woman with whom Underwood has been in a relationship the past three months told Underwood 's wife in early March that her husband "  was on the edge , " Kooiman said . Underwood threatened to kill his wife and his boss , also a lieutenant colonel , Kooiman said . "  He stated he has paid a hit man $ 150,000 to kill them . He said the money is in foreign accounts and it would not be found , " Kooiman said in court papers . "  The defendant recently had one of their daughters spend the night and he told her that he was going to do something crazy and it would be on the news , the world would know about it and he was going to resign his commission , " Kooiman said . The girlfriend "  also borrowed the defendant 's laptop and found that he  had  a picture of his teenage daughter , naked while sleeping in bed . She also found that he had searched the Internet for how to get teenagers drunk and have sex with them . She confronted the defendant about what she found and he told her that her head was on the chopping block , " Kooiman said in a declaration for determination of probable cause . The girlfriend told detectives that "  the defendant has nothing to lose , he has an arsenal of weapons and she believes he has the ability to save the $ 150,000 and hide it , " the prosecutor said . Underwood 's boss told authorities the defendant has been deployed multiple times , but the Army says Underwood does n't suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder , the prosecutor said . However , Underwood witnessed his mother kill his two siblings , and she also shot Underwood "  multiple times and left him for dead , " the prosecutor stated in court papers .	Lt. Col. Robert E. Underwood pleads not guilty , CNN affiliate reports Underwood is charged with three counts of felony harassment He and his wife have been going through "  a nasty divorce " the past two years
New York  Cnnmoney.Com  -- Once again , the high-profile Cadillac Escalade SUV is the car that thieves love to steal , according to the Highway Loss Data Institute . Each year , 10.8 out of every 1,000 late-model Escalades get stolen , broken into , or have parts ripped off . That 's the highest rate of theft claims of any vehicle in America . The Escalade has topped the list since 2002 . You may have heard that a lot of Toyota Camrys get stolen . They do . But it 's only 1.6 out of every thousand . The institute looked only at cars from the most recent three model years . These cars all have the latest anti-theft technologies , including engine immobilizers that prevent hot-wiring . "  That wo n't stop a determined thief from loading a car on a flat-bed truck , " said Russ Rader , the institute 's spokesman . According to the institute , the top-ten car-criminal favorites , along with their "  theft claim frequency " per 1,000 vehicles , are : 1 . Cadillac Escalade 10.8 2 . Chevrolet Silverado 8.0 3 . Dodge Charger 7.4 4 . Chevrolet Avalanche 7.4 5 . Infiniti G47 coupe 7.1 6 . GMC Sierra Crew Cab 6.7 7 . Nissan Maxima 6.5 8 . Hummer H2 6.2 9 . GMC Yukon XL 6.0 10 . Chevrolet Tahoe 5.8 This list excludes medium-duty work trucks , such as the Ford F-250 . It also excludes the Dodge Charger Hemi , which the institute counted as a separate model with a theft rate of 7.1 . If included , those vehicles would have ranked 2nd and 7th , respectively .	The Highway Loss Data Institute calculates the theft rate of recent models The Cadillac Escalade SUV tops the list The Chevrolet Silverado and the Dodge Charger take second and third
CNN  -- As the U.S. Justice Department sues controversial Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona for alleged civil rights violations against Latinos , his most ardent supporters are wondering whether "  America 's Toughest Sheriff ' is fighting for his political life . "  It 's hard to say at this point , " said Shane Wikfors , spokesman for the Arizona Republican Party . "  He 's done so well with every election cycle he 's gone through . He still has tremendous support . " But Latinos in Arizona are a growing political force and demonstrated their clout last year when they led a successful campaign in recalling former state Sen. Russell Pearce , the Republican who authored Arizona 's controversial law against illegal immigrants that 's now before the U.S. Supreme Court . Pearce lost the recall election . "  There 's a very vocal Latino faction in the state of Arizona that felt when they were successful with recalling Russell Pearce ... it was enough to put blood in the water to think that , ` Let 's go after Sheriff Joe now , ' " Wikfors told CNN . Heightening the political stakes is the fact that Thursday 's legal action against Maricopa County and its sheriff is the Justice Department 's first lawsuit , in the federal agency 's 18-year history in civil police reform work , to stop what it sees as discriminatory and unconstitutional policing . Said Wikfors , "  I will tell you that it 's not new for the sheriff to be in a position where you 've got the federal government in conflict with him on an issue . He 's not a stranger to these types of battles . " Some analysts consider the lawsuit a political maneuver by President Barack Obama 's administration . "  Obviously , if this is something unconstitutional , it would have to come to an end , but my fear is that this is political more than anything else , " said Jon Feere , legal policy analyst at the Center for Immigration Studies , a self-described "  low-immigration , pro-immigrant " think tank . "  Clearly the Department of Justice has limited resources when it files lawsuits , but it 's going against states that are attempting to uphold immigration law and not filing lawsuits against states and communities with sanctuary policies , which clearly undermine federal law . " Critics say the so-called sanctuary policies protect illegal immigrants . In his 18 years as Maricopa County sheriff , Arpaio gained international notoriety for making prison inmates wear pink underwear and pink handcuffs and housing them in tents . Rather than shy away from controversy , he has embraced it , touting his nickname of "  America 's Toughest Sheriff " on his website and boasting that his inmate meals are the cheapest in the nation , costing between 15 and 40 cents apiece . His cutting out salt and pepper saved taxpayers $ 20,000 a year , according to his biography on the sheriff 's website . Another program Arpaio began posts mugshots of all those arrested -- about 300 daily -- on the sheriff 's website as they are booked and processed into jail , according to the biography . The site gets "  just under a million hits daily , " it said . He has been re-elected to five four-year terms as sheriff since taking office in 1993 . But last December , the Justice Department said it had found cause to believe the sheriff 's office "  has engaged in a pattern of misconduct that violates the Constitution and federal law " and , under the leadership of Arpaio , discriminated against Latinos through traffic stops , detentions and arrests and against Latino inmates with limited English proficiency by punishing them and denying them critical services . The Justice Department also found that Arpaio and the sheriff 's office engaged in "  a pattern or practice of unlawful retaliatory behavior against perceived critics of  the office  through baseless criminal charges , unfounded civil lawsuits and meritless administrative actions , " Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez said Thursday . U.S. sues controversial Arizona sheriff Attempts by the Justice Department to negotiate a settlement with the sheriff 's office broke down in February because Arpaio and his department "  would not agree to any settlement that included an independent monitor " to ensure reforms are carried out , said Perez . The Justice Department was "  left with no choice " and filed a civil complaint in U.S. District Court against the sheriff , his department and the county . According to Arpaio 's website , Maricopa has the nation 's third largest sheriff 's department , employing more than 3,400 people . During his tenure , the sheriff banned smoking , coffee , movies , pornographic magazines and unrestricted televisions viewing in jails , according to his biography . The jail system 's inmates -- between 7,500 and 10,000 -- are fed twice daily to cut down on meal costs . The infamous pink underwear came about when Arpaio had all inmate underwear dyed pink after learning inmates were stealing white boxer shorts , the sheriff 's site said . He also ordered pink handcuffs when those began disappearing . Another controversial program : Arpaio 's "  chain gangs , " including the world 's first-ever female and juvenile work gangs . The groups clean streets , paint over graffiti and bury the indigent in the county cemetery , providing "  thousands of dollars of free labor to the community , " the sheriff 's office said . "  No wonder Sheriff Arpaio has been profiled in over 4,500 U.S. and foreign newspapers , magazines and TV news programs , " the office 's website said . Arpaio also briefly starred in the FOX reality show , "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest . " It featured the sheriff and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants . Arpaio , 79 , served in the U.S. Army from 1950 to 1953 , and he was a police officer in Washington and Las Vegas before serving as a federal narcotics agent . He ended his Drug Enforcement Administration career as head of that federal agency for Arizona , according to his website . He and his wife have been married for more than 54 years and have four grandchildren . "  Arpaio looks forward to many more years as sheriff of Maricopa County , " the sheriff 's website said .	Arizona 's Sheriff Joe Arpaio is sued by the Justice Department for Latino discrimination It 's the first suit in the department 's 18-year history in civil police reform work "  It 's hard to say " if Arpaio 's career is on the line , a Republican spokesman remarks Latinos in Arizona are a growing political force
CNN  -- A man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern Australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said . A mature saltwater crocodile in the the murky waters of the Adelaide River , near Darwin in the Northern Territory . The two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in Australia 's Northern Territory Tuesday when a crocodile grabbed Jason Grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told CNN . The second man , Zac Fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of Grant 's arm . But a second shot that Fitzgerald fired struck Grant in the upper right arm , said Northern Territory police spokeswoman Katie Fowden . Grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . His injuries were not life-threatening , Fowden said . The two men are workers at a crocodile farm in Darwin , the capital city of the Northern Territory . They were collecting the eggs legally , police said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Man rescues co-worker from jaws of crocodile in northern Australia He shot crocodile , causing it to let go of man 's arm , second shot hit man 's arm The two were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in the Northern Territory Wounded man 's injuries were not life-threatening
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate on Thursday defeated an impassioned legislative push to reduce the growing problem of sex assault in the armed forces by overhauling the way the military prosecutes serious crimes . By a vote of 55 to 45 , a bill championed by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand failed to get the 60 votes needed for passage . The measure would have removed military commanders from deciding whether most serious allegations of wrongdoing by their subordinates should be prosecuted . The responsibility would have been shifted to prosecutors outside the chain of command . Gillibrand , a New York Democrat , said the change was needed because bias can creep into the decisions of commanders and that has led to many sex assaults not being prosecuted . "  It 's time to move the sole decision-making power over whether serious crimes akin to a felony go to trial from the chain of command into the hands of non-biased , professionally trained military prosecutors where it belongs , " Gillibrand argued . She pointed to a Pentagon report as evidence . The recent study showed that there were estimated to be 26,000 incidents of sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact in 2012 and just over 10 percent of those were reported . Officer who trains sex crimes prosecutors accused of groping lawyer While Gillibrand 's reforms had significant support in the Senate , they were opposed by the bipartisan leaders of the Armed Services Committee and the Pentagon . Opponents cited concerns it would undermine the critical military principle of command authority . "  The strongest most effective approach we can take to reduce sexual assault is to hold commanders accountable for establishing and maintaining a command climate that does not tolerate sexual assault , " said Sen. Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat who chairs the armed services panel . "  The evidence shows that removing this authority from our commanders would weaken not strengthen our response to this urgent problem , " he said . Sen. Claire McCaskill , a Missouri Democrat , led the effort to defeat Gillibrand 's bill . The former prosecutor pointed to several significant reforms that became law last year she said would increase prosecutions of sex assault . They include : removing the authority of commanders to overturn convictions ; providing attorneys to victims ; making it a crime to retaliate against a victim ; and requiring a dishonorable discharge for anyone convicted of sexual assault . McCaskill warned that removing commanders from the process could leave victims more vulnerable to retaliation . Gillibrand and McCaskill , two rising Democratic senators , have battled intensely for months over how best to reform the prosecution process . On a separate vote Thursday , a bill authored by McCaskill to make additional reforms to those adopted last year cleared a procedural hurdle in the Senate , clearing the way for expected final passage . It would largely disallow the so-called "  good soldier " defense , which permits defendants to enter evidence of their good military character at trial to mitigate the charges against them . It moved ahead easily with the support of Gillibrand .	Senate bill was championed by New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand It would have removed military commanders from decisions on key prosecutions Opponents said Congress is already addressing the matter A spike in military sex assaults has prompted executive and legislative action
CNN Student News  -- December 16 , 2014 Featured today : A hostage situation in Australia 's largest city comes to a violent end , searchers scour the ocean floor for clues about what happened to a missing airliner , and a cyberattack exposes secrets at Sony Pictures . We feature a random segment involving animals and air travel , and we take you to what could become the hub of future space travel . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Time was running out , and Mark Dickinson was n't sure whether he 'd get to see his dying 2-year-old grandson one last time . A long line at Los Angeles International Airport 's security checkpoint had kept him from getting to his gate on time . His grandson Caden would be taken off life support in a matter of hours in Denver , Colorado , with or without his grandfather 's presence , according to CNN affiliate KABC . "  I was kind of panicking because I was running late , and I really thought I was n't going to make the flight , " Dickinson told KABC . That 's when a pilot from Southwest Airlines stepped up and held the flight at the gate until Dickinson arrived . The pilot was standing by the jetway waiting for him when Dickinson arrived in socks , so rushed that he just grabbed his shoes at security and ran through the terminal . "  I told him , ` Thank you so much . I ca n't tell you how much I appreciated that . ' And he said , ` No problem . They ca n't leave without me anyway , ' " Dickinson told KABC . Authorities say Dickinson 's grandson , Caden Rodgers , suffered a head injury after his mother 's boyfriend threw him across the room . The boyfriend reportedly told police he was drunk and high on marijuana at the time . The child later died and the boyfriend has been charged with first-degree murder , according to the Aurora Sentinel . Dickinson 's wife had called Southwest and asked them to hold the plane . After the flight , Dickinson said , he wanted to thank the pilot again for his serious display of empathy but did n't get the chance . Dickinson made it to Colorado in time to say goodbye to his grandson . "  I would just tell him that I ca n't tell him how grateful I am that he did that for me , " he said . Most airlines would punish any staff member who holds up a flight , according to consumer advocate Christopher Elliott , who broke the story of the compassionate pilot on his blog . However , a Southwest spokeswoman said the pilot 's actions were exemplary . "  You ca n't hold a plane for every late customer , but I think we would all agree that these were extenuating circumstances and the pilot absolutely made the right decision , " Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said . "  I do n't think you could ask for a better example of great service for our customers . " Though the airline has identified the pilot who held the plane for Dickinson , the pilot has asked that his name not be released to the public . "  As you 're reading the story , you absolutely get tears in your eyes and just an overwhelming sense of pride that our pilot took such an action , " McInnis said . "  It really makes you proud to work for Southwest . "	A pilot from Southwest held a flight for a man going to see his dying grandson The man 's wife called the airline and asked them to hold the plane Many airlines would punish a staff member who holds up a flight Spokesperson : "  It really makes you proud to work for Southwest "
CNN  -- It 's about to get more difficult to move between smartphone carriers and still keep your existing phone . Smartphones purchased after Saturday ca n't be legally unlocked without permission from the carrier , according to a recent ruling by the Library of Congress . Congress passed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in 1998 , making it illegal to access copyrighted content and break digital rights management technologies . The software that locks a smartphone to one carrier is covered by the act , and unlocking a phone is the process of freeing a device so that it can be used with a different wireless carrier . The Library of Congress has the ability to grant exemptions to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which it has done in the past for smartphone users who wished to unlock their phones . That changed with the most recent group of exemptions that went into effect October 28 , but the switch included a 90-day grace period that ends Saturday , as TechNewsDaily pointed out . The new policy only applies to new locked phones purchased after Saturday , meaning it will still be legal to unlock phones purchased before January 26 without permission . One way to get around the requirement is to buy a full-priced unlocked phone that does n't have a contract , but doing so adds hundreds of dollars to the phone 's price tag . Carriers subsidize the costs of smartphones to draw new customers in with contracts , usually for two years , and then make back the money from monthly voice and data bills . In its latest ruling , the Library of Congress decided the software on a phone is only licensed to the end user , meaning they do n't own it , so therefore the software is not covered by fair-use rules . Groups that lobbied to keep the exemption argued that making unlocking illegal is anti-competitive and could result in costlier phones and more electronic waste since some consumers would have to buy a new device to switch carriers . But the final ruling says there are more options now for obtaining an unlocked phone than in previous years . Many phones are available unlocked for full price , and carriers do have policies in place for unlocking phones . Currently the rules vary from carrier to carrier . For example , AT&T will unlock an iPhone for current or past customers as long as all contracts have been fulfilled . And Verizon 's iPhone 5 is usable on AT&T 's network . However , it 's unclear whether carriers will tighten these rules about unlocked phones in the future .	Unlocking smartphone bought after Saturday illegal without carrier 's permission Unlocking is no longer exempt under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act Older phones purchased before this Saturday can still be unlocked anytime
EW.com  -- What 's 20/20 divided by 2 , minus 8 ? Just ask tuxedo professional/arithmetic wizard Justin Timberlake : His "  The 20/20 Experience 2 Of 2 , " officially scheduled for release on Sept. 29 , is now streaming a full eight days early on iTunes . EW : Drake talks Kendrick Lamar 's controversial ` Control ' verse The sequel to the OG "  20/20 Experience "  released this March and so far still the best-selling album of the year  includes lead single "  Take Back The Night " and the recently released "  TKO . " Jay-Z and Drake also drop by on "  Murder " and "  Cabaret , " respectively , because that is what famous millionaire music dudes do for each other .  Quid pro bro . EW : Adam Levine now in a Twitter feud with Lady Gaga , sort of The remainder of 2013 is actually sort of a Timberfeast , if you 're hungry ; Justin will be touring through the fall , and promoting two upcoming films , the slick gambling drama "  Runner Runner " and the Coen Brothers ' more awards-baity '60s - folkie chronicle "  Inside Llewyn Davis . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Timberlake 's album is scheduled to be released Sept. 29 His "  20/20 Experience " is best-selling album so far He will be touring through the fall
CNN  -- The white stretch Lincoln was headed across San Francisco Bay , carrying the bride-to-be and eight of her friends for a bachelorette party . Five of them , including the bride , never made it across . Somewhere on the seven-mile San Mateo-Hayward bridge , the limousine caught fire . The driver and four members of the bachelorette party got out , but the bride -- identified by a relative as 31-year-old Neriza Fojas -- and four others died in the burning limo Saturday night , the California Highway Patrol said . "  The flames were gigantic , " said Roxanne Guzman , who was crossing the bridge with her husband and brother about 10 p.m. Saturday  1 a.m. Sunday ET  . "  The flames were so big and radiating so much heat that I could feel the heat off of my face , and I was in my car the entire time . " Guzman said the survivors appeared to be in a state of shock on the shoulder of the roadway , with three of them crying . Other passersby had stopped , but police and firefighters had n't arrived yet , she said . The driver was uninjured , but the four surviving women were treated for smoke inhalation , California Highway Patrol spokesman Ron Simmons said Sunday . The cause of the blaze was under investigation . "  Looking at the photos , it appears it started in the trunk , " Simmons said . "  But at this time , we do n't know officially if the fire started inside the vehicle or on the exterior . " Lovela Nicolas , the sister-in-law of Fojas ' sister , said Fojas was a registered nurse . The Fresno woman was slated to be married in June , and she and her friends had hired the Lincoln for her bachelorette party , Nicolas said . "  Neriza was getting married , going to Philippines to get married there and have ceremony there and the reception , " Nicolas told CNN from her home in Honolulu . The mother of one of the surviving women told CNN affiliate KTVU that her daughter , Mary Guardiano , was upset but physically OK . "  She 's very sad . She is crying , " said Rosita Guardiano . In a written statement , the limousine company said it was "  deeply saddened " by the deaths . "  LimoStop Inc. will do everything possible to investigate and assist authorities in determining the cause of this fire in order to help bring forth answers and provide closure to the victims and their families , " it said . Medical examiners may need up to two days to identify the remains , San Mateo County Deputy Coroner Roger Fielding said . CNN 's Jackie Castillo , Nick Valencia , Jake Carpenter and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	The victims included a bride-to-be out for her bachelorette party Neriza Fojas had planned to get married in June , a relative says The driver and four women escaped ; only the driver was unhurt The fire appears to have started in the trunk , official says
CNN  -- Two sailors have died after the Navy helicopter they were in crashed Wednesday off the southern Virginia coast , the Navy said . The Coast Guard , Virginia Beach Fire Department and Navy continued Wednesday night to search for another sailor who 'd been aboard the fallen aircraft . Two sailors who had been rescued were in stable condition at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital , the Navy said in a statement . "  Today has been a tough day for all of us , " said Capt. Todd Flannery , commander of the Navy 's Helicopter Sea Combat Wing Atlantic , based in Norfolk , Virginia . Flannery made that comment late Wednesday afternoon , hours before the Navy announced the second fatality in the crash in ice-cold waters about 18 nautical miles  21 miles  east of Cape Henry . At the time , he said two injured sailors were stable , while another was preparing to undergo surgery at the Norfolk hospital . Authorities offered no indication that they knew the missing sailor 's whereabouts , with Flannery saying it was possible he or she sunk to the Atlantic Ocean floor inside the crashed MH-53E Sea Dragon . Speaking then about those aboard two Coast Guard boats among those participating in the search , " Coast Guard Capt. John Little said , "  They could not see the helicopter , but they are continuing to search . " The Navy helicopter and its five-person crew set off Wednesday morning from Norfolk on what Flannery described as a "  routine mine countermeasure operations . " The first apparent sign of trouble came around 10:45 a.m. , when the aircraft 's crew issued a distress call . It went down soon thereafter , with a second MH-53E Sea Dragon operating in the same area providing "  immediate support , " according to Flannery . Two Navy helicopters assigned to the same 600 - to 700-sailor squadron quickly rushed to the scene , spotting four of the sailors "  close to the wreckage floating in the water " around 11:15 a.m. , Flannery said . The air temperature was 28 degrees and the water temperature was 41 degrees , with 1 - to 2-foot seas , Coast Guard spokesman Nyx Cangemi said . The sailors were hoisted up two-apiece in two rounds -- the first pair 10 minutes after the rescuers ' arrival , and the other set at 11:38 a.m. , said the Navy captain . They were quickly transported to the Norfolk hospital . Flannery said he was not sure whether the first confirmed fatality died en route to or at the hospital . "  I saw a big Navy helicopter land here and it landed really quick and fast , " Chris Goetz told CNN affiliate WAVY at the hospital . "  They took two guys in on the stretchers and immediately took back off and came back maybe five minutes later and had two more guys all on stretchers . " The 87-foot Coast Guard Cutter Shearwater happened to be in the area at the time . "  They did not see the crash -- they were that far away -- but heard it and heard our call for assistance and immediately responded , " said Little of the Coast Guard . That ship is one of four now surveying the scene from water level , along with another Coast Guard and two fire boats from the Virginia Beach Fire Department . The helicopter was assigned to Helicopter Mine Countermeasures Squadron Fourteen  HM-14  , which is based at Naval Station Norfolk Chambers Field . The MH-53E Sea Dragon carries no weapons . It has two pilots and a crew of one to six , depending on its mission , according to the Navy . There were 31 of the aircraft in operation , it said . Its role includes anti-mine operations . Flannery did n't detail the information communicated in Wednesday 's distress call or what may have caused the helicopter to go down , saying that an investigation board will be looking into that . But he did n't hesitate when asked whether he had any concerns , generally , about the safety of MH-53E Sea Dragon helicopters in the wake of Wednesday 's crash . "  I do not , " Flannery said . CNN 's Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	NEW : Another Navy sailor dies , bringing the death toll to 2 , the Navy says NEW : The search continues for a missing sailor 4 were hoisted to safety within an hour of accident , including 2 who would die The crash happened in the late morning about 20 miles off the southern Virginia coast
CNN  Nine foreign workers are believed to be in the hands of ISIS-affiliated militants after an attack on a Libyan oil field , according to officials . Libya 's internationally recognized government has blamed "  ISIS militias " for the attack Friday in which the Al-Ghani oil field was set on fire . The kidnapped foreigners were working for VAOS , an Austrian-owned oil services company whose headquarters are in Tripoli , the Libyan capital . They include four Filipinos , an Austrian , a Czech and a Ghanaian , according to the Philippine foreign ministry . The Bangladeshi government said one of its citizens was also taken hostage . The nationality of the ninth worker was unclear . The abductions come amid Libya 's deteriorating security situation in which Islamic militias , some of them pledging allegiance to the extremist group ISIS , have thrived . Egypt carried out airstrikes against ISIS militants in Libya last month after the killings of Egyptian Christians who had been kidnapped while working in a Libyan city . The Philippine foreign ministry said Monday that its Tripoli embassy had "  stepped up coordination " with the Austrian company and Libyan authorities "  to locate the abducted Filipinos and ensure their safe and immediate release . " Martin Weiss , a spokesman for the Austrian foreign ministry tweeted Monday that "  credible sources " had confirmed that the Austrian citizen and other international workers were in the hands of ISIS "  terrorists . " The attack on Al-Ghani is the latest in a recent spate of violence by militants targeting oil fields in Libya . The Libyan National Oil Corporation said over the weekend that it had warned VAOS more than two weeks ago to leave the area because of security concerns . VAOS was n't immediately available for comment Tuesday . The Philippine foreign ministry said 52 other Filipinos are employed by VAOS but were relocated out of Al-Ghani "  much earlier " and are now in Tripoli . Three other Filipinos have been missing in Libya since they were seized at the Mabruk oil field in February , the foreign ministry said . "  These cases underscore the escalating threat to the safety and security of Filipino oil workers in Libyan oil fields which have been targeted by armed groups in recent weeks , " said foreign ministry spokesman Charles Jose . He said Philippine authorities were unsure at this point whether the kidnappers were ISIS members . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Marilia Brocchetto , and journalists Ayman Kekly and Arlene Samson-Espiritu , contributed to this report .	The abducted workers were seized in an attack on an oil field last week They are from the Philippines , Bangladesh , Austria , the Czech Republic and Ghana Militants have carried out a series of attacks on oil fields in recent weeks
Mashable  -- There 's no denying that Facebook has had an impact on the way the younger set flirt , fall in love and break up . Now , Seventeen magazine has released a study that depicts just what kind of repercussions the social networking site has had on modern courtship . "  Teens are incredibly social , and Facebook plays a huge role in their love lives , " says Ann Shoket , editor-in-chief of Seventeen magazine . According to the study -- which polled 10,000 guys and girls ages 16 to 21 -- Facebook plays an important part in how amorous teens make a connection . Within one week of meeting a new person , 79 percent of people click "  friend , " and after adding a new friend ; 60 percent of people stalk their crush 's profile once a day  40 percent check in on their would-be soulmate several times a day  . Moreover , contrary to beliefs that social networking is erroding interpersonal communication , 72 percent of those surveyed said that talking to someone online brings you closer to them IRL . As we have already seen in other studies , Facebook also plays a role in how we fall out of love . Mashable writer Samuel Axon wrote a detailed feature about how Facebook has changed dating for the worse , Facebook dating app AreYouInterested released a study in which 21 percent of respondents said they would break up with someone via changing their statuses , and , most recently , infographic wizard David McCandless came out with a chart that shows popular breakup periods by way of status updates . Seventeen , for its part , reports that 10 percent of people have been dumped over Facebook , and the same number would just change their relationship status to "  single " to cut a lover loose . The report also depicts the anguish the site can cause after a breakup , citing that 27 percent of people change their connection to their exes after a breakup via blocking  getEx-Blocker for that extra push  , hiding him or her on the News Feed or unfriending . Surprisingly , 73 percent of people keep their exes in the friends list . I 'd like to see some stats on how many of those 73 percent stalk said ex after the breakup . A couple of other interesting tidbits from the study : Girls are more judgmental : 43 percent of girls would decide not to date someone based on their Facebook profile , compared to 33 percent of guys . Guys are more likely to keep relationship statuses under wraps : 17 percent of guys do n't share their status , compared to 12 percent of girls . Girls think it 's exciting to change their relationship status : 50 percent of girls get a kick out of the status change -- one-third of guys agree ; 24 percent of guys find it unnecessary , compared to 17 percent of girls . What do you think ? Has Facebook affected your love life ? © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Seventeen magazine has released a study on Facebook and modern courtship The study reports 10 percent of people have been dumped over Facebook Surprisingly , 73 percent of people keep their exes in the friends list
CNN  More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni Shia fighters , a Saudi Defense Ministry official said Saturday , according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency . A Saudi general said Saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on March 26 . Gen. Ahmed Asiri added that the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern Yemen , according to the SPA . Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border , in the Najran region . Saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired by Houthis on a Saudi border site . Three Saudi military officers were killed and two others were wounded in the shelling , a defense official said , according to SPA . A Saudi source also confirmed to CNN 's Nic Robertson that three Saudi soldiers were killed in the shelling . The Yemeni Health Ministry on Saturday said 385 civilians have been killed and 342 others have been wounded . The World Health Organization has put higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded -- but includes militant casualties in the totals . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January . And even before the crisis escalated with the Saudi airstrikes , most of the 25 million people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs , the United Nations said Friday . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Saudi general says more than 1,200 airstrikes since campaign began March 26 Three Saudis were killed in attack on border position , source tells CNN
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's been five years since Carrie Bradshaw journeyed to Paris in search of true love on the series finale of "  Sex and the City . " She appeared to have found it in the arms of Mr. Big , and she returned to New York -- and her now-settled friends -- ready for a new start . Sarah Jessica Parker was a driving force in creating the "  Sex and the City " movie . Then came the inevitable cry : That 's it ? What happens next ? Sarah Jessica Parker , who played Carrie , wanted to find out as well . But the situation had to be right , she said , which prompted a cascade of rumors as plans for a movie came together , fell apart and came together again . Now that the movie is out , Parker -- who 's a producer of the film as well as one of its stars -- talked about the journey to making a big-screen "  Sex and the City " with "  Showbiz Tonight " anchor A.J. Hammer . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : I think a lot of fans , maybe a lot of people , and those of you among the cast , did n't think this day would actually ever come ... but here we are . So how are you feeling deep inside , Sarah ? Sarah Jessica Parker : I feel extraordinarily privileged . I 've spent the last two years cobbling this movie together . ... It 's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of professional experience and one really should n't be greedy enough to ask for it twice . Watch the cast talk about the thrill of "  Sex " " I have to say that , this last six , eight months , was better than those seven years -LSB- the show aired -RSB- and I think it 's because we all recognize how lucky and unique those seven years were and that this is a story that you do n't get to tell twice . It has been , I must say , worth every obstacle and dead end , and fit and start , and every moment that was seemingly impossible . It has been a dream . CNN : And I imagine sitting down for the first time in that room together for the table read , which was , from my understanding , the first time you all actually were in the same room -LSB- together -RSB- regardless of how much you kept in touch . Tell me a little bit about that moment . Parker : I started putting -LSB- the -RSB- script back together in April of 2006 ... and that -LSB- table read -RSB- was a really extraordinary day , because just the perfunctory details of getting people to a table read were complicated . Kim -LSB- Cattrall -RSB- had been away and Kristin -LSB- Davis -RSB- had been away and Chris -LSB- Noth -RSB- had been -LSB- doing -RSB- his other job , and this magnificent script had arrived and had been everything we hoped for and more . It was basically like being in an alternate universe for about three hours . ... It was a kind of reunion that is very , very special , because you really want to be there . It 's not the reunion where you 're forced by your parents to meet your aunts and uncles that you see rarely . It 's the reunion that you want . I think even more so was that first day on -LSB- the -RSB- set . When we thought , good God , -LSB- writer/director -RSB- Michael Patrick -LSB- King -RSB- and I are actually making this movie , like we got it done , we 're here , we 're doing it -- what a privilege . CNN : I think we as fans and viewers actually got a sense of what that feeling was like when we saw you all together on "  Oprah , " because the energy was ... palpable . ... But we 're talking about the perceived drama around this whole project .  Rumors have abounded about friction between the stars .  One of my producers said while we were watching the TV , "  Are they going to sit near each other ? " "  Why are they putting Chris in the middle of all of them ? " Hearing that , does it make you mad ? Parker : I find it slightly -- it 's not that I 'm mad . I expect better from people . I think it 's really beneath me , to keep defending myself . I have a 35-year career . I have an impeccable character , I really pride myself in my work ethic and the way I treat people . And I think Kim would say the same and Cynthia would say the same . And I love Kim , and I wanted her to be in this movie . We could n't have done it without her , we could n't have done it without Kristin , we could n't have done it without Cynthia -LSB- Nixon -RSB- , nor could we have done it without Chris . Watch Cattrall address the rumors " You know , this is a story that people like to tell about women . Why ? I do n't know . Is it that interesting ? Probably not . So once again I just have to say it does n't define the experience . Nobody can take the experience away . It 's far more interesting for me to talk about my affection for this cast than to start to deny a sad old beaten tale . CNN : You seem to have what goes on in the media in perspective -- and you have to , being at the game as long as you 've been . To that end , one of the things that I 've always admired about you and -LSB- husband -RSB- Matthew -LSB- Broderick -RSB- and I think a lot of people do , is how you 've managed your public or your private life while being in the glare of the spotlight . ... Now I know one of the main reasons you guys are able to make it work is because you do n't talk about your private lives , which is great and I applaud that . That said , is there something that you can tell me about what it is about your relationship that enables you to make it work separate from that ? Parker : I would n't make any proclamations about why I have a marriage that , to me , is successful . I would just say that we 've chosen to live in a city where we are not the most interesting people . This is a city that is about industry and finance and publishing and architecture and the arts and education and academia , and the movie industry fits into it in some small way , but there are a lot of people of important interest and I think that it 's a conscious choice to live in a place where we 're bumping up against humanity . We run to the market on our own , we take the subway , and we integrate into our city , and we become a part of the fabric and I think it 's really been to our benefit and certainly to our son . Does it mean that we are not scrutinized and that we do n't have paparazzi every single day at our house ? No , but it is a city where you ca n't live behind a gate , you ca n't drive up in a car and be protected . You walk out the door and it is what it is . So you reconcile those things and you make the best choices you can . CNN : Is it the end of "  Sex and the City " ? What does your gut tell you ? Parker : My gut tells me it 's up to you and your colleagues and the critics and the people who show up . The future is dictated not by us at this point , and I think Michael Patrick and I have been so focused at getting this movie up on the big screen , that we have n't thought about the future . Doing this was more than we could have asked for . So anything beyond that is really kind of out of our hands in a perfectly wonderful way .	Sarah Jessica Parker : "  Sex and the City " "  has been a dream " Rumors of friction ? "  Beneath me to keep defending myself " Marriage to Matthew Broderick works because pair lives normal N.Y. life
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's final campaign is n't turning into much of a victory lap . His role in next week 's midterm elections , which amount to the last important contest of his political career , has been to quietly rake in campaign cash for the Democratic party , rather than headline the stadium rallies he became famous for in 2008 and 2012 . The final week before the midterm elections is slated to be Obama 's busiest , though the eleventh-hour politicking will only take the president to states that went his direction in 2008 and 2012 . He 'll campaign mostly for governors , whose role outside Washington puts them further from the unpopular White House policies that give Democratic Senate candidates heartburn . The objective : turning out Democrats who do n't have a great record voting in midterm contests . His lone stop for a Senate candidate comes in Michigan on Saturday for Democrat Gary Peters , currently running ten points ahead of GOP rival Terri Land . National Republicans stopped spending ad money there weeks ago . Obama 's truncated campaign schedule only reflects how big a drag the unpopular commander-in-chief is on his party 's most vulnerable Senate candidates . The electoral calendar has left Democrats uniquely positioned to lose control of the upper chamber , a fact party insiders are already citing ahead of potential losses . Related : Key Senate races in 2014 Related : CNN / ORC Poll - Voters are angry In Republican-leaning states like Louisiana and Alaska , Democrats are scrambling to keep seats amid near-record lows in Obama 's approval ratings . Democratic senators are working to convince swing electorates that Obama 's policies are n't necessarily their own in North Carolina , Colorado and New Hampshire . And in Republican strongholds like Georgia and Kentucky , Democratic candidates are quick to promise total independence from an unpopular White House . That leaves Obama with few options to return to the campaign trail -- his last opportunity as president . On Tuesday he flew to Wisconsin , where the Republican Gov. Scott Walker is virtually tied with his Democratic challenger Mary Burke in a race that 's focused largely on the state 's economy . It 's one of the nation 's marquee governor 's race -- one Democrats desperately want to win -- and the highest-profile contest to feature a visit from Obama . That Burke , a former Trek bicycle executive , does n't have to answer for an Obama-aligned voting record makes a visit from the president tenable . And with a statewide approval figure of 51 % , according to a recent Marquette survey , Obama 's in far better shape in Wisconsin than he is nationwide . Related : Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats "  The goal of the visit is to persuade the once-every-four-year voters to vote this time , " said Mortecai Lee , a professor of governmental affairs at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee . "  In Wisconsin politics , the higher the turnout , the more it skews Democratic . The lower the turnout , the more it tilts GOP . So this is -LSB- Burke 's -RSB- effort to increase the size of the pie rather than fighting over the small remaining undecided slice of the current pie . " Obama 's other stops this week -- Thursday in Maine for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mike Michaud , Friday in Rhode Island for remarks targeting women voters , and Sunday in Connecticut for Democratic Gov. Dan Malloy -- are also meant to turn out Democrats in states where he still remains somewhat popular . In Maine , Obama 's objective will be to get Democratic voters to "  act like Democrats , " said Brian Duff , a political science professor at the University of New England in Maine , citing past elections there that have seen independent candidates shave away support from Democrats . "  In essence , this is a case where the question is less about matters of public policy , and more about energy and enthusiasm behind Michaud rather than the independent -- the Democrats have built some but need to keep it up another week . The president 's visit should help with that , " Duff said . The same dynamic exists in Connecticut , where Obama hopes to help Malloy pull ahead in a tied race with Tom Foley , a former U.S. ambassador to Ireland . The president 's only other campaign stops this cycle , on a single Sunday this month in Maryland and Illinois , were both convened with the aim of turning out African-American voters in states already dyed blue . The White House , which says its main focus is on combatting ISIS and stopping the spread of Ebola , has said Obama is "  psyched " for his return to the campaign trail , no matter how diminished his role . And they note that next week 's results will be pinned to the president , no matter the outcome . "  I feel confident predicting in advance is that the President will at least get some credit if Democrats hold onto the majority in the Senate and he 'll get more than his fair share of the blame if they do n't , " Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday .	President Obama has not been visible on the campaign trail for his final Midterm election as president His low approval ratings could be a drag for some Democrats in key Senate races The president will travel to help Democratic candidates for governor
CNN  -- If you 're taking a strict view on the world 's most bike-friendly cities , the eventual list would mainly take in a smallish patch of northwest Europe . One such rating table , produced by the Denmark-based cycling advocacy group Copenhagnize , has more than half its top 20 bike-friendly places clustered around the Netherlands , France , Germany and Denmark . Instead , we 'll spread our net more widely , rewarding aspiration , ambition and progress , as well as just endless ranks of smiling cyclists pedaling sensible bikes on segregated paths . Utrecht , Netherlands Lists such as this one traditionally begin with Amsterdam , but while the Netherlands ' most populous city is definitely bike friendly , we 're marking it down for the hordes of wobbling tourists on bright-red rental machines . Instead we 're heading southeast to Utrecht , a city that has a fair claim to being the globe 's most pro-two-wheel destination . In its center , up to 50 % of all journeys take place in the saddle and local authorities are building a 12,500-space cycle parking facility billed as the world 's biggest . As in all Dutch cities , visitors from places with a more belligerent traffic culture might be struck at how normal it all feels . Cycling in Utrecht is treated on par with walking , with helmets and high-visibility garments rarely used , not least because of the protection offered by segregated cycle lanes . One well known English cycle blogger , Mark Treasure , was struck by the range in ages on a visit to Utrecht . "  I find it hard to imagine children this young cycling into the center of any UK city at all , let alone cycling in and looking so happy and relaxed , and so ordinary , " he writes . "  Yet in Utrecht , families cycling around together is commonplace . " Seville , Spain Seville is the answer to those who say promoting urban bike use is too ambitious and takes decades . In 2006 , the Andalusian capital 's government , vexed by the city 's four daily rush hours  yes , four ! This is siesta-taking southern Spain  decided to take action . There was plenty of naysaying . Critics pointed out Spain has scant tradition of commuter cycling . Some questioned who would ride in midsummer through Europe 's hottest regions and risk arriving at work as damp as if they 'd just pedaled through a mechanical car wash . Undaunted , the city established about 50 miles of cycle lanes within a year  there 's now about 80 miles  and commissioned a municipal bike rental plan called Sevici . The result ? Within about six years , journeys made by bike shot from less than 0.5 % to about 7 % , and city transportation chiefs from around the world suddenly had the perfect excuse to arrange week-long fact-finding trips in the sun . Montreal By long tradition one of the few North American cities in these sort of lists , Montreal began constructing bike paths in the 1980s and now has almost 400 miles of them . The addition of its popular and pioneering Bixi municipal bike-share plan , the model for those later rolled out in Paris and London , has meant a remarkable amount of cycle use , especially for a place where daytime winter temperature above 10 C  50 F  is viewed as dangerously tropical . Cycling stats for Montreal indicate the city still has work to do and cycle groups say too many riders are nudged onto busy roads . One survey says nearly half the city 's adult population rides a bike at least once a week , yet little more than 2 % of commutes are made on two wheels . "  The challenge is that we have asked people to start using their bicycles and they 've done it so much faster than we 've been able to change the city , " Aref Salem , the person in charge of mass transit on Montreal 's executive committee , told the Toronto Star recently . Copenhagen , Denmark Much like ignoring France on a roster of great cheese countries , a list of top cycling cities excluding Copenhagen just would n't be right . More than half the locals in the Danish capital cycle to work or school , and with an estimated bike population of 650,000 there are slightly more cycles than people . Enough of these are available to rent to tourists , and Copenhagen 's compact dimensions and tolerant traffic make it perfect to explore by bike . City leaders are intent not just on increasing bike use further , but exporting the Copenhagen doctrine of a segregated and safe bike infrastructure that features bike lanes of up to three meters  about 10 feet  in width . There 's an official Cycling Embassy of Denmark to spread the word , while the founder of the aforementioned Copenhagenize group , Mikael Colville-Andersen , spends much of his working life telling other cities how to copy the Danish model . Berlin Less shouted about than the Dutch or Danish examples , Germany has nonetheless been quietly getting on with boosting bike use in many of its cities . Berlin is the standout example . About 13 % of all trips in the city are made by bike , nearly twice the rate of 20 years ago . In some inner suburbs this hits 20 % . This is particularly impressive given the city 's long , freezing winters , abundant public transport and status as capital of a nation with a long tradition of manufacturing cars and driving them at absurd speeds on autobahns . Aside from clever and consistent public policy designed to boost bike use , Berlin has a number of inbuilt advantages . Streets are often hugely wide , in part a consequence of the devastation of World War II and grandiose postwar Soviet planning , and the terrain is largely flat . While many Berliners live in apartments , often a difficulty for those using bikes , the city 's traditional Mietskaserne tenement blocks tend to be built around a central courtyard , giving space for secure storage . What 's most impressive is the sheer scale -- Berlin has a population of about 3.5 million people , far bigger than the relatively small likes of Amsterdam and Copenhagen . Portland , Oregon "  The groundwork for the city 's bike infrastructure was laid over 20 years ago , " says Brian Zeck , bike manager of Portland 's River City Bicycles . "  It has built upon itself over the years and bicycling has become somewhat ingrained in the culture of the city . "  In some ways , Portland now has the feel of a European city . " That infrastructure includes more than 65 miles of bike paths , 30 miles of low-traffic bike boulevards and 175 miles of bike lanes , all of which are used with gusto by the 8 % of citizens who claim that biking is their primary form of transportation , and 10 % who say a bike is their secondary vehicle . All of those numbers are climbing annually , thanks to the city 's grand Bicycle Plan for 2030 , unanimously adopted by the City Council in 2010 . The plan calls for attracting new riders by forming a denser bike network , reducing vehicle speed limits on designated streets  thus increasing safety for riders  and increasing bicycle parking , among other measures . The most exciting development for Portland bikers is the planned 2015 opening of the Tilikum Crossing , Bridge of the People spanning the Willamette River , which divides the east and west sides of the city . The first span built over the river since 1973 , "  the bridge will be distinctive in the United States , designed to carry light rail trains , buses , cyclists , pedestrians and streetcars , but not private vehicles , " according to TriMet , the local public agency that operates mass transit . The bridge will feature two 14-foot-wide pedestrian and bike lanes . According to the League of American Bicyclists , an estimated 2,100 races , rides and other biking events are held in Portland each year . Tokyo Wait , Tokyo ? The one with more than 13 million inhabitants covering 800-plus square miles . That Tokyo ? Correct . In this vast , crammed capital city , an amazing 14 % of all trips are made by bike . There are practical reasons many Tokyo residents prefer a bike to a car for shorter journeys . Before you can even buy a car in the city you must prove you possess a  rare and usually expensive  off-street parking spot . Cycling here is different . Few people cycle to work -- distances tend to be long and the mass transit system is hugely efficient . Instead , rides tend to be around the countless neighborhoods that make up the city . Also , a lot of cycling takes place -- legally -- on footpaths and sidewalks . These are n't the Lycra-clad speedsters of London or New York . Tokyo cyclists use practical "  mamachari " bikes with sturdy frames , baskets for shopping and seats containing one or two small children . They pedal about the pavement on these weighty behemoths , rarely reaching the pace of a jog , keeping out of the way of each other and pedestrians with ample use of the so-called "  gaman " attitude , a sort of stoic tolerance for others which makes life in such a vast , packed city more or less work . Bogota , Colombia Call this one an honorable mention . Colombia 's capital is by no means as obviously cycle-friendly as others on this list , with fewer than 5 % of Bogota 's journeys involving bikes , increasing car numbers and choking smog . Nonetheless , it merits its place for effort , not least for tempting so many citizens of an often deprived and hugely packed city -- the population is fast nearing 9 million -- onto two wheels . Did we mention it 's located 2,600 meters  8,500 feet  above sea level ? Anyone thinking of pedaling around as a tourist should be prepared for some undignified wheezing the first day or so . Credit is due to the city 's former mayor , Enrique Penalosa , who on taking office in 1998 canceled a planned highway through the city center and kick-started a process that 's seen Bogota acquire nearly 200 miles of protected bike lanes and , soon , its own bike-rental plan . The best way to try two-wheeled life in Bogota is a weekly Sunday ritual known as Ciclovia that sees 70 miles of streets closed to vehicles and given over to bikes and pedestrians . Peter Walker is a journalist based in the UK who regularly contributes to cycling publications . He once rode a bike most of the way from Sydney to London . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Netherlands city of Utrecht is building the world 's biggest bike parking facility Bogota may be cursed by smog and heavy traffic , but the city 's mayor is credited with dramatically boosting bike use In Tokyo , nearly 14 % of all journeys are made by bicycle
CNN  -- Ever since a devastating earthquake struck Haiti on January 12 followed by others in Chile , Baja California and Indonesia , many people have asked the question , "  Are earthquakes getting worse ? " The answer is a firm and unequivocal "  No . " I know it 's hard to believe given the devastation these earthquakes have caused and the intense level of media attention they have received . However , it turns out that large earthquake frequency has not changed at all over the last 20 years . But do n't take my word for it . Go to the United States Geological Survey website and see for yourself . As of April 25 , 2010 is on pace to have approximately 18 earthquakes larger than a magnitude 7 on the Richter Scale . That sure sounds like a lot , but it 's only one more than last year and very close to the 15.4 large earthquakes per year that Earth has averaged over the last 20 years . Of course , some years are more active than others , but that is to be expected . In fact , in 1995 there were 20 of these large earthquakes , but nobody talks about that year as being particularly lively . The fact that several of this year 's large earthquakes occurred near populated areas only adds to the perception that the overall frequency or intensity of earthquakes has increased . Before the earthquake in Haiti , there had n't been an earthquake of that size in over two months . This ebb and flow of earthquakes is completely natural . And what about volcanic eruptions ? USGS records show they have also remained constant since the 1960s , with between 50 and 70 eruptions each year . Over the last few days , another misconception began to emerge when CNN published an opinion article by author Alan Weisman titled "  Is the Earth striking back ? " The piece outlined a theory that , as glaciers melt due to global warming , the Earth 's crust will begin to stretch and rebound . It goes on to imply that this stretching could cause not only earthquakes , such as in Haiti and Chile , but also volcanic eruptions . The article even suggests this process is responsible for the recent eruption of Eyjafjallajokull in Iceland with its neighbor , Katla . "  threatening to detonate next . " Do these studies exist ? Yes . Is this really what they say ? No . First , some background . The source of this idea is a series of papers published by the Royal Society in England that looked at the potential effect of climate change on some types of natural disasters . This idea is generally based on the well-known phenomenon that , as Earth 's glaciers continue to melt , the crust rebounds as it is relieved of the burden . In fact , this has been happening for thousands of years since the peak of the last ice age . Several of these papers did propose that climate change could affect certain types of earthquakes on the ocean floor or underneath melting glaciers , however , Haiti is neither on the bottom of the ocean nor under a glacier . As for the Chilean quake , it was caused by the incredible amount of pressure generated as two tectonic plates are forced together . The point is that not all earthquakes are caused by the same forces and earthquakes on the ocean floor or under glaciers could not be more different from earthquakes in Haiti or Chile . It 's like saying cigarettes cause lung cancer , therefore they cause skin cancer as well . The bottom line is that Weisman 's claims that earthquake frequency is increasing and that earthquakes in Haiti and Chile are caused by global warming are unsupported by the scientific articles he uses to form his conclusions . The effect of his article is to take several well-meaning , preliminary , cautious and limited scientific studies and create unnecessary fear and confusion in the general public . If the public concludes that earthquake frequency has increased , it will be wrong . If it concludes that volcano eruption frequency or intensity has increased , it will be wrong . If it believes that earthquakes in Haiti or Chile were caused by global warming , it will not only be wrong , but it will believe it because it was told it was the conclusion of geologists . It was n't . Most scientific papers do not lend themselves to sound bites or headlines . That means the media needs to do a much better job understanding them . For their part , scientists need to be willing to confront these errors before they spread . Whatever effect climate change has on our planet in the future , inaccurate reporting of research leaves the public at a huge disadvantage and can not be tolerated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ian Saginor .	Ian Saginor says many people have asked if there 's an increase in earthquakes He says quakes , volcanoes are occurring at average level Saginor says the Haiti , Chile , Iceland events are not related to global warming Only a certain class of quakes might be affected by melting ice sheets , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration hailed North Korea 's declaration of its nuclear program as a success for the multilateral diplomacy it engaged in through the six party talks with South Korea , China , Japan and Russia . Workers remove fuel rods on the reactor floor at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility this year . In fact , North Korea 's confessions of many of its nuclear sins -- and its shutdown of its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon -- are the closest the international community has come to curbing North Korea 's nuclear program . As a result of Pyongyang 's handover of the 60-page declaration document -- and Friday 's expected destruction of the cooling tower at Yongbyon -- President Bush ordered some sanctions against North Korea lifted and instructed the State Department to remove the reclusive communist nation from U.S. lists of enemies and nations that support terrorism . But as important as what the document says is what it does n't say . There is no mention of how many weapons North Korea has or where they are hidden . Nor did North Korea admit to a suspected uranium enrichment program or what nuclear secrets it may have shared with Syria . Both issues are reduced in the declaration to "  concerns " Pyongyang promises to address down the road . Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice have pledged a robust verification process to double-check North Korea 's claims . And North Korea has promised to allow U.S. inspectors access to the Yongbyon facility and to interview its nuclear experts . But it is far from clear whether Pyongyang will allow the kind of intrusive inspections of its entire nuclear arsenal that the United States will need to get a complete picture of North Korea 's program . Congressional Republicans not so sure about Pyongyang The stiffest opposition to the deal is coming from conservative Republicans . Once considered President Bush 's strongest allies in confronting North Korea 's nuclear ambition , they feel that the Bush administration has let North Korea off the hook , especially when it comes to its enriched uranium program and suspected proliferation to Syria . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , the top Republican on the Foreign Affairs Committee , expressed "  profound disappointment " over Bush 's announcement that North Korea would be coming off the lists of enemies and state sponsors of terrorism . And Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R-Michigan , the top Republican on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , accused President Bush of sacrificing its principles for a foreign policy success . "  A decision seemingly has been made that it is more important for the White House to reach a legacy agreement than to get to the bottom of North Korea 's nuclear efforts , " Hoekstra said . "  Lifting sanctions and removing North Korea from the list of state sponsors of terrorism flies in the face of history and rewards its brutal dictator for shallow gestures . " Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , called North Korea 's declaration late and incomplete , alleging that North Korea built a nuclear facility for Syria , considered a terrorist state by the United States , while the nuclear negotiations were ongoing . That , he said , was proof that Pyongyang ca n't be trusted . "  How do you have a meaningful declaration of your nuclear program without saying how many bombs you have ? " Royce asked . "  This is a signal to other proliferating regimes that nuclear weapons will be rewarded without ever having to give them up . " Democrats , who once criticized Bush for not talking directly to North Korea about its nuclear program , are cautiously supportive of the deal . Howard Berman , the Democratic chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , called the North 's submission of a declaration "  encouraging . " Even former presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , praised the Bush administration , saying "  engaging our enemies can pay dividends . " But Kerry added , "  historians will long wonder why this administration did not directly engage North Korea before Pyongyang gathered enough material for several nuclear weapons , tested a nuclear device and the missiles to deliver them . " Are we headed down the same road with Iran ? In his 2002 State of the Union address , Bush termed Iraq , North Korea and Iran the "  axis of evil , " saying they were "  arming to threaten the peace of the world . " Fourteen months after delivering that speech -- and after dictator Saddam Hussein released a 12,000-page declaration that it had no weapons of mass destruction -- U.S. forces invaded Iraq . But no such program was found , nor were stockpiles of chemical or biological weapons of mass destruction . More than five years into the war , the United States is still battling al Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents there . Six-party talks with North Korea began in 2003 , after North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . Progress was limited until 2007 , when North Korea agreed to shut down Yongbyon and allow international monitors back into the country for monitoring and verification . Progress has been even more limited for the third member of the "  axis of evil , " Iran . The Bush administration has joined the other members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , France , China and Russia , along with Germany -- in offering Iran a set of political and economic incentives similar to the ones North Korea was given in exchange for suspending its uranium enrichment program . But the United States has refused to sit down with Iran until that suspension takes place . The U.N. Security Council has passed three resolutions imposing sanctions against Iran , and the United States has worked with some success to isolate Iran from the international financial community . But unlike North Korea , which is isolated and desperately in need of international aid , Iran is rich in oil and a powerful force in the Middle East . And it 's only getting richer and more immune to sanctions as oil prices skyrocket . And Iran seems to be running out the clock and waiting to try its luck with a new U.S. president . Sen. Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , has pledged to engage Iran in direct talks to try to curb its nuclear ambitions . Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP nominee , has taken a much tougher line , refusing to rule out military action to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran . With the coming change in the U.S. administration , U.S. officials , diplomats and other Iran experts believe that it would be at least eight months to a year before the United States and Iran could seriously think about talking . Meanwhile , by its own admission , Iran continues to perfect its nuclear technology . If the North Korean experience can serve as a lesson for the next U.S. president , that lesson may well be that the longer the United States waits to talk to Iran , the higher the cost will be to get Tehran out of the nuclear business .	Just as important as what the nuclear declaration says is what it does n't say North Korea did n't admit to uranium enrichment or sharing secrets with Syria Many Republicans say Bush administration has let Pyongyang off the hook U.S. may be headed down the same road with Iran
CNN  -- Eyes trained straight ahead , the 16 young men are as grim-faced as pall-bearers as they carry their respective team 's boats down to the river 's edge . Weighing on their broad shoulders is n't just a 20-meter vessel -- it 's 184 years of tradition , six months of grueling physical training , and a fierce rivalry between two of the most prestigious universities in the world . Welcome to the Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race ; 6.8 kilometers of sweat , tears , and the occasional sinking in London 's River Thames . Almost every year since 1829 , the universities ' rowing teams have battled it out in arguably the greatest -- and most controversial -- grudge matches in Britain 's sporting history . "  It 's the preeminent student varsity match in the world , " Matthew Pinsent , former Oxford rower and four-time Olympic gold medalist , told CNN . "  It 's unlike any other rowing race -- it 's a very long distance over a particularly torturous piece of river . " Oxford triumph Oxford emerged victorious in the 159th edition of the race on Sunday , cruising over the finish line a length-and-a-half ahead of their rivals , under a torrent of jubilant expletives from cox Oskar Zorrilla . It was an emotional win for the team who named their boat after former cox and Olympic silver medalist Acer Nethercott , who died earlier this year from cancer , aged 35 . But Oxford , better known as the "  dark blues , " due to their distinctive uniforms , still trail behind Cambridge 's "  light blues " in the long history of the race -- 77 to 81 . Indeed , giant billboards dotted along the riverbank screamed "  Which blue are you ? " to the thousands of onlookers who braved smatterings of snow to cheer on the rowers in their 17-minute crusade from Putney to Mortlake . Protest , elitism and wild boar sausages There was none of the drama of last year , however , when Australian protester Trenton Oldfield brought the race to a standstill after plunging between the boats and narrowly avoiding the pounding oars . The anti-elitism campaigner served seven weeks in prison for the stunt -- though he 's admitted if the weather had been this foul in 2012 he might have been more reluctant to dive into the murky Thames . Freezing weather aside , the Royal Marine Commandos were n't taking any chances , arming themselves with thermal imaging equipment as they patrolled the course . It appears that if Oldfield had hoped to discourage the stereotypical Barbour jacket-wearing "  hooray-henry " crowd , he failed miserably . Going hand-in-hand with prestige is wealth , and the Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race is no exception . Beside the traditional pubs lining the riverbank this weekend were champagne-sponsored soirees and stalls selling wild boar sausages . If any more proof was needed of the race 's upper-class flavor , it was surely found in the title sponsor -- global financial services firm BNY Mellon . Elitist ? Far from it , argued Cambridge University Boat Club President , George Nash , who instead called the race "  the ultimate meritocracy . " "  You get to the university on your academic merit and you make the team on your rowing merit , " he said . "  It does n't matter who your parents are . " No pain , no gain Regardless of its character , there 's no disputing the race 's reputation as a breeding ground for future Olympians . It regularly attracts the best athletes from across the world -- including U.S. competitors the Winklevoss twins , who rowed for Oxford in 2010 and are perhaps best known as the former business partners of Mark Zuckerberg , who alleged that Zuckerberg stole the idea for Facebook from them . Training is a grueling commitment which begins in September , and it 's estimated that for every stroke made on race day , 600 have been made during practice . An average day will begin at 5am , with competitors training around five-hours-a day , seven-days-a-week . "  It 's of the highest importance to us -- we sacrifice six months of our lives for 16 minutes , " Nash said . "  I 'd say there 's definitely lots of cases where the boat race has caused many a break-up . " Tradition rules Since old school chums Charles Merivale , a student at Cambridge , and Charles Wordsworth , of Oxford , first challenged each other to a rowing race in the early 19th century , the competition has gained legendary status in Britain , attracting millions of TV viewers each year . Fabled stories such as the "  1877 dead heat " -- where judge "  Honest John " Phelps had his view of the finish line obscured -- add to the almost mythical character of the competition . Tradition continues to loom large in the race which begins with the toss of an 1829 gold coin and ends with throwing the winning cox into the water . Today that strong sense of history sits happily beside state-of-the-art sports equipment and up-to-the-minute media coverage . And while opinion remains divided on its merit -- Telegraph journalist Tom Chivers described the boat race as "  fantastically boring " -- there 's no denying its enduring place in the nation 's history .	Oxford University win 159th edition of prestigious boat race against Cambridge The "  dark blues " cruise over finish line one-and-a-half lengths ahead of rivals Strong military presence ensures there 's no repeat of last year 's anti-elitist protest Tradition and prestige loom large in Britain 's greatest grudge match
CNN  -- When I first arrived in Rwanda 's capital in 2012 , I deliberately did not visit the Kigali Genocide Memorial . I was n't sure what to expect , but I did not want that experience to influence how I approached the country and its people . In my mind , Rwanda was going to be this country that was still on the brink of economic disaster . It would be very poorly set up , with a bad road system and difficult telecommunications . Frankly , I despaired of working with the government , thinking it would be extremely challenging to work with . I remember 1994 well . I was a Peace Corps Volunteer in West Africa and the Rwandan genocide , right on the heels of Nelson Mandela 's election in South Africa , was big news across the continent . The child-run household I met after the genocide When I was assigned to Rwanda 18 years later , my first thought was the genocide -- this is probably true for most people . But when I asked friends and colleagues who had lived there for advice , they spoke highly of the country and her people . I started seeing this as another adventure on this continent that I love , though I had visions of the film "  Hotel Rwanda " resounding in my mind . Those preconceptions were quickly dispelled once I got there . When you get to Rwanda , you are hit by the incongruity that strikes so many : How could such a horrible thing have happened in such a beautiful country ? The nickname Land of a Thousand Hills is not an exaggeration . Rwanda 's countryside is dotted with what appear to be literally a thousand hills that are a mixture of mountains , volcanoes and hillocks . The beauty is reflected in the people : Rwandans are incredibly friendly and hospitable . But just as you can not see the other side of a mountain , you can not always tell what is going on behind those eyes . Rwandans obey their country 's many rules . I love that , to reduce pollution , plastic bags are forbidden and even taken from you when you arrive at the airport ! For anyone who has spent time in Africa , it 's incredible to see people actually wearing helmets on motorcycles , drivers and passengers alike , both in Kigali and in the countryside . National pride and a commitment to the idea that Rwandans should lead the development of their country are strong . From them came the concept of Umuganda , or community service . During the last Saturday of each month , citizens do some type of community work in their neighborhood , like picking up garbage or cutting the grass . If they do not show up , they 're fined an amount determined by the neighborhood leader .  These days the neighborhoods are like anywhere else : Some are made up of different tribes and ethnicities and others are homogenous . Amid the beautiful parks and tea plantations are the somber genocide memorials found in virtually every community . They serve as a daily reminder to never forget the atrocities . At the same time , they allow for personal reflection on mankind 's capacity for both evil and resilience . Four months after my arrival , I was ready to see the Kigali Genocide Memorial . I was glad I had waited . You walk alongside slabs of cement : a mass grave where over 250,000 people killed in Kigali are buried . At the end of one of the cement tombs is a wall with names , an attempt to identify some of the souls lost during the tragic 100 days of the genocide . You almost weep when you realize they will never identify them all . One room tells the tale of other genocides or "  cleansing " events in history around the world , reminding us that the international community has not been diligent about the oft-quoted pledge , "  Never again . " And in the room dedicated to children who were killed -- you see their names , what they enjoyed doing and who was their best friend -- your heart starts to tear . I was never able to actually read all the remembrances to these children . Though I have always considered myself a pretty tough and realistic humanitarian worker , I had never seen anything like this . A single visit ensures that the memorial realizes its purpose -- you will never forget . It 's an experience that makes you wonder how any society can come back together after something that tears so deeply . But I know from what I had seen , and from my organization 's work , that it is possible . Many genocide survivors and perpetrators have since been able to seek and grant forgiveness and now live peacefully , side by side . I watched a woman tear up and embrace a man who had killed her family . Witnessing these scenes is almost surreal , but deeply moving and humbling . Could I ever forgive ? Could I ever confess and ask for forgiveness ? Looking at Rwandans today with a certainty that such an atrocity can never happen again , you wonder "  How did this ever happen in the first place ? " When Rwandans say "  never again , " I believe them . But when I look at the international community , those words do n't have the same meaning . Are we really a community in which most of us watched this suffering and death from the sidelines ? It will happen again somewhere else . We 've seen it in history . In March of this year , I was asked to head our program in the Central African Republic . The lessons from Rwanda still echoing in my head , I was compelled to say "  yes " to a country being torn apart by intercommunal fighting , just as Rwanda had been . My time in Rwanda has shown me the limitations of what the international community will do in situations like this , but also taught me lessons and given me hope . Just 20 years ago , Rwandans went through genocide , but they came back and they came back quickly . I attribute a lot of that to the strong will , the leadership and most importantly , to the resiliency of the Rwandan people . Peace is possible . Reconciliation is possible . I pray that we can realize the same here in Central African Republic . And we can , with a little influence and a lot of political will .	April 7 marks 20 years since the start of the Rwanda genocide LeAnn Hager , an aid worker , spent 2012-2014 in Rwanda When she heard Rwanda , she thought of genocide , until she got there Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- Brazilian authorities arrested dozens of police officers on Tuesday , accusing them of taking bribes from drug traffickers . The 61 officers were paid to turn a blind eye to criminal activity in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state , state public safety officials said . Investigators were still searching for two other officers suspected of involvement . An investigation revealed that the officers had received payments of 2,500 reals  about $ 1,200  every time they patrolled certain communities , the state-run Agencia Brasil said , citing authorities . Tuesday 's arrests , dubbed "  Operation Purification , " come as authorities work to increase security in Rio de Janeiro and stamp out drug gangs before the 2014 World Cup and the Olympic Games two years later . In October , police said they seized automatic weapons , guns and grenades and arrested dozens of people in a series of Rio de Janeiro slum raids . They announced they were going into the communities days in advance . Police said they take that approach to avoid major violence , but critics have said it simply gives criminals a chance to escape . In Tuesday 's operation , authorities said they also arrested 11 drug-trafficking suspects . Brazil gang 's slaughter of police sparks fightback CNN 's Paulo Nogueira and Gabriela Matute Urdaneta contributed to this report .	NEW : 61 officers are arrested , accused of receiving bribes to turn a blind eye to crime NEW : Investigators are still searching for two other officers suspected of involvement Authorities also arrest 11 suspected drug traffickers , state media reports The arrests occur in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state
CNN  -- "  Hey , Precious . " Cherie Hart Steffen turned toward her professor in the hall of their community college . "  What ? " she asked , sure she had misheard . "  Precious -- you know , from the movie , " he repeated . The students around them started laughing . Steffen could only stare in disbelief . He had just compared her to Gabourey Sidibe 's obese character in the 2009 film . "  It was like ... someone hit me with a frying pan on my head , " she remembers . Her mind flashed back to just six months before , when she had gotten a life-changing call . It was June 2009 . Her mother -- her best friend in the world -- was dying . Steffen drove all night in hopes of seeing her one last time . LaVerne Hart managed to give her youngest daughter just two pieces of advice before succumbing to the cancer that had spread throughout her body . "  Save money . Lose weight , " Steffen recites , her mother 's words forever etched into her brain . Steffen had n't listened immediately . A herniated disk in her lower back had prevented her from working out ; grief had made her turn to comfort food . In the months since her mother 's death she had gained 30 to 40 pounds . But that moment with her professor was the last straw . "  This is it , " she thought , as the crowd around her dissipated . "  Let 's do this . " A model 's daughter Steffen 's older sisters were naturally thin . They took after their mother , who had been a model . Steffen did not . She grew up "  husky " and steadily gained weight throughout her teenage years . She and her mother fought constantly over her size . Hart would push her daughter to lose weight , but continued to buy junk food for the whole family . "  Bless her heart , she did n't know how to really deal with it , " Steffen remembers . "  I 'm eating what everyone else is eating . ... None of her other children looked like me . " In desperation , Steffen tried everything from crash diets to extreme exercise to battle the bulge . At one point , she was eating fewer than 500 calories a day . She would lose weight for a short time and then put it right back on when real life won out . Shopping was miserable . "  They do n't really make large clothing that 's attractive , " she says . "  Everything just looks like a tarp . " She longingly watched as her friends tried on cute clothes and went on dates . Her first kiss was postponed until college . Eventually she carried 230 pounds on her 5-foot-3-inch frame . Slow and steady The humiliating "  Precious " incident took place in January 2010 . That night , Steffen got on her treadmill at home and walked for 10 minutes . It was rough , but she promised herself she 'd do it again the next day . She was going to take the weight off no matter how long it took . Every day she walked just a little bit longer , a little bit farther . By year 's end , she had lost 30 pounds and worked her way up to a jog . She still had n't exercised outside her house , fearing embarrassment . She would be graduating soon with a degree in criminal justice , and thought she might make a good police officer . She started training for the fitness test , but a stress fracture in her tibia prevented her from attending tryouts at the academy . Depression crept in . Steffen thought about what she really wanted to do . She realized she was happy with her new health routine . Could she work in the fitness industry ? She did some research and came across the National Academy of Sports Medicine 's certified personal training program . Personal training is a booming job field , says academy spokesman David Van Daff . "  Everyone is aware there 's an  obesity  crisis , an epidemic , " he says . "  People are trying a variety of different methods to improve their fitness levels , but they 're not achieving success independently . They 're recognizing they need a coach , a motivator , who will hold them accountable . " Personal trainers provide clients with programs to achieve their goals , Van Daff says , whether that 's weight loss , muscle building or overall fitness . The National Academy of Sports Medicine certification teaches everything from basic anatomy to kinesiology to motivational techniques . Van Daff loves to see people who have lost a significant amount of weight become trainers . "  It 's helpful for somebody in this industry if they can relate to their clients from a personal perspective , " he says . "  If you have a personal trainer who knows what it 's like to be 20 or 30 pounds overweight ... it helps in gaining  the client 's  confidence . " Steffen passed her certification exam on her way to losing another 30 to 40 pounds . She designated 2012 as the year of running : She ran her first 5K in May and her first half marathon later that year . Toward the end of the year , she finally joined a gym and began to lift weights . "  I thought  I look good in my clothes , but do I look good naked ? " she says with a laugh . Now she hits the gym five to six days a week to weight train and run . She also has cleaned up her eating habits . Steffen eats six small meals a day that almost always include protein , whether it 's chicken , tuna , Greek yogurt or fish . She has a gallon of water on her desk at work .  "  I 'm constantly going to the bathroom , " she says .  She 's given up French fries and French bread , possibly her two biggest diet downfalls , although she gives herself permission to splurge during one meal a week . All her hard work has paid off . Steffen has lost 85 pounds and inspires others on her blog , CherieRunsThis.com . Moving on About a year ago , Steffen ran into her old college professor , the one who had called her "  Precious . " She had n't seen him since her graduation . Like a scene from a movie , Steffen dropped an orange and it rolled across the floor . Her professor picked it up as a million sentences ran through her head . "  I had dreamed of this moment , " she says . "  I thought I was going to walk into his office and be like , ` Look at me now . ' " Instead she simply said , "  Thank you . " "  If he had n't said that , none of this would have happened , " she explains . "  He still has no clue . " For now , Steffen is working as a leasing consultant at an apartment complex . But she 's studying to be a fitness nutrition specialist with the National Academy of Sports Medicine and hopes to eventually get enough clients to be a personal trainer full time . She also has her eye on a few bikini competitions , perhaps as a nod to her mother 's modeling career . She imagines Hart would flip out if she saw her daughter now , and would immediately want to go shopping . "  She would love that I listened to her and took her advice , " Steffen says . "  She would be really proud of me because I did it the right way . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport .	Cherie Hart Steffen walked off nearly 80 pounds on her home treadmill Steffen 's mother said four words before dying : "  Save money . Lose weight " Steffen is now a certified personal trainer and hopes to inspire others to get fit
CNN  -- You know the presidential election is in full swing when politicians are getting tough on China . While both Democrats and Republicans promise to do just that , it is the Obama administration , being in the driver 's seat , that has been leading the charge . On Monday , the Obama administration filed a trade case against China at the World Trade Organization , arguing that it provides subsidies to its auto and auto parts industries that hurt American manufacturers . If you had any doubts that the new complaint against unfair Chinese trade practices is part and parcel of the election campaign , consider these factors . This week 's complaint is the third one this year , and it comes just about two months before Election Day . Where was the administration before ? Ohio is a key battleground state , and automotive components happen to be one of the most important segments of the local economy . Why is Obama focusing on Chinese auto subsidies now ? Note also that he made the announcement in Ohio during a campaign rally . Tough with China ? Give me a break . We do n't know whether Obama conveyed to the Chinese what he told the Russians  just let me get through the election , and I will be more flexible  , but it 's no secret to anyone that China holds more than $ 1 trillion in U.S. debt . When you owe another country that much debt , it may not be so easy to act tough . The Obama administration had plenty of opportunities to take steps that would genuinely challenge the Chinese . For example , it could have labeled China as a currency manipulator , which would have allowed the U.S. to take measures such as imposing tariffs unilaterally rather than through the WTO . Likewise , the administration has done little to offer vigorous protection of American intellectual property rights , which impacts a much broader array of U.S. business interests . And the administration has failed to take other concrete steps that would reduce China 's competitive advantage . Let me make it clear . I am not defending China , and I have often offered criticism of Chinese practices and continue to do so . However , I find the current round of China-bashing disingenuous and brazen in its kowtowing to politically viable groups . What we need is an effective strategy of how to deal with China in the long term rather than engage in election season tactics . We should also face up to some of our own self-inflicted wounds . There are things under our control that undermine our competitiveness in relation not only to China but to numerous other countries . For a starter , maybe our government should try to tackle the huge and growing debt that makes us beholden to other countries like China . Our educational system does not provide nearly enough to prepare our graduates for the skills and knowledge that companies require to succeed in a global workplace . And we should reconsider regulations that discourage companies from setting up plants in the U.S. while China looks attractive in comparison . Instead , what we have are slogans that used to be quite popular with the Chinese in hardline communist days , e.g. , doubling our exports in five years . How , exactly ? Maybe the Obama administration and the Romney camp can start addressing those questions first . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oded Shenkar .	This week , President Obama announced a trade complaint against China Oded Shenkar says politicians tend to get tough on China in election season He says Obama is tackling Chinese auto subsidies to appeal to Ohio voters Shenkar : U.S. had plenty of opportunities to deal with unfair Chinese trade practices
PEOPLE.com  -- CBS 's "  Two and a Half Men " is now actually one man , played by Jon Cryer , one near-man , played by Angus T. Jones , and one manchild . That would be Ashton Kutcher , who made his debut Monday night on the de-Sheened sitcom as Walden Schmidt . Walden is nearly the opposite of Charlie Sheen 's now-dead sleaze king Charlie Harper : Sweet , unsarcastic but -- here we stay true to the show 's gawping bawdiness -- possessed of an astounding anatomical endowment that he soon puts to use . The instant verdict : Kutcher was not at all bad . He was quite likable . First , though , we must dispose of the corpse . I think if creator Chuck Lorre could have had all the cast and crew come out shrieking and tear apart a lifelike effigy of departed star Sheen , with blood and viscera and intestines tossed into a vat of hot oil , he would have . It 's not as if anyone would blame Lorre : Sheen 's outrageous behavior earlier this year left a top-rated sitcom without a completed season , without an anchor -- and , regardless of how you regard Sheen personally , without one of the best sitcom actors in prime time . And so the first half of the episode practically danced with sadistic , vengeful glee in explaining how Sheen 's character , the irredeemably low-life womanizer Charlie Harper , had perished : At a memorial service , crazy Rose  the very funny Melanie Lynskey  hinted that she had shoved him under the Paris Metro after she caught him cheating during their honeymoon . "  His body just exploded , " she said , "  like a balloon full of meat . " The only memories Charlie 's many lovers shared were about the sexually transmitted diseases he 'd given them , and one woman regretted not being able to spit on the body . None of this was funny . It probably was n't supposed to be . It was a shiv , and it was being stuck in Charlie Sheen . Enter Ashton Then Kutcher showed up as Schmidt , sopping wet from having tried to drown himself over a broken heart .  He gave up , he said , because the water was too cold .  With his long hair , scruffy beard and hippie-dippy , somewhat stupid sincerity , he seemed at first to have wandered in from a production of Godspell . Except that , as mentioned , he is apparently better endowed than Young Frankenstein and , unlike Mr. Sheen , possesses a body that can be paraded around naked with a preening , unembarrassed confidence . He 's very nearly a character out of porn . Did you think you were tuning in to "  Downton Abbey ? " And the fact is that Kutcher , despite having spent so much time over the past few years branding and Tweeting himself , is a good comic actor . Not great . His limit may be that he knows how to play a doofus while subtly reminding us that he really is n't -- he likes to clown , but he probably does n't want to BE a clown . His self-love may not allow that . Sheen , on the other hand , had the cold toughness of loathing , anger and regret , a comic style almost radical  for prime time  in its thin ash of contempt . True comedy does n't require a smiley face . How else could Sheen have managed to sell tickets for something called the Violent Torpedo of Truth Tour ? But you see where we are now : Kutcher on Sheen 's old sitcom . Sheen , appearing on the Emmys , wishing all the best for "  Two and a Half Men , " seemingly purged of his acidic irony . It was like watching the rebel Winston from Orwell 's "  1984 " after Big Brother got through with him . Kutcher is the one known for punking . Sheen , one might say , is the one who ended up punk 'd . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ashton Kutcher made his debut Monday night on the de-Sheened sitcom as Walden Schmidt Walden is the opposite of Sheen 's now-dead sleaze king Charlie Harper The instant verdict : Kutcher was not at all bad -- he was quite likable
CNN  -- Freed Iranian-American journalist Roxana Saberi thanked friends and family Tuesday for their support during her ordeal in an Iranian prison , and said she plans to spend the next few days relaxing . Roxana Saberi smiles ouside her home in Tehran , Iran , on Tuesday . "  I am , of course , very happy to be free and to be with my parents again , " a smiling Saberi , 32 , told reporters . Saberi , who was dressed in a black tunic and a blue headscarf , said she was only now learning of a global support campaign on her behalf . "  I want to thank all the people all over the world , who , whether they knew me or not , helped me and my family during this period , " she said . "  I do n't have any specific plans for the moment . I just want to be with my parents and my friends and to relax . " Reza Saberi , her father , said they plan to leave Iran soon . Saberi was convicted last month on espionage charges in a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She was sentenced to eight years in prison after being accused of spying for the United States . A judge changed Saberi 's sentence during an appeal hearing Monday . The court agreed with her lawyers that , because Iran is not at war with the United States , Saberi can not be punished for cooperating with agents of a hostile nation , according to Saberi 's spokesman , Abdolsamad Khorramshahi . Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term , suspended for five years , Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA reported . Saberi was detained in January after initially being accused of buying a bottle of wine and working as a journalist without proper accreditation , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists , an advocacy group . She was soon charged with espionage . Saberi went on a hunger strike while imprisoned , but her father said she has since put on some weight .	Father of Roxana Saberi says they plan to leave Iran soon Saberi , 32 , was convicted last month on espionage charges Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term , suspended for five years She has lived in Iran since 2003 , reporting for international news organizations
CNN  -- Passions run high at the coalface of an Ashes series and the heat clearly affects those at the pinnacle of Australian politics too . As his nation battles to win the third Test against England , and keep the five-match series alive , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has left the game 's officials in no doubt as to his disgust . With the match only a few hours old , Aussie batsman Usman Khawaja was given out caught behind by umpire Tony Hill , a call he instantly reviewed . And though countless replays offered no evidence Khawaja had hit the ball , the video umpire upheld the on-field decision , condemning the 26-year-old to a long trudge back to the pavilion . Rudd , who ousted Julia Gillard in a leadership election to become Prime Minister for a second time in June , was so incensed he took to Twitter to voice his displeasure to over 1.3 million followers . Using modern technology to bemoan cricket 's new-age technology he wrote : "  I 've just sat down to watch the test . That was one of the worst cricket umpiring decisions I have ever seen . " At the close of play on the first day , captain Michael Clarke 's unbeaten century leading his side to a commanding position at 303-3 , Rudd 's message had been retweeted 2,759 times . His viewpoint was supported by one of Australia 's greatest ever cricketers , Shane Warne , who took 708 Test wickets with his leg spin bowling during a glittering career . In his role as a television commentator he labeled the decision "  ridiculous " and was one of the thousands that retweeted Rudd 's remarks . "  There was daylight between bat and ball , there was no hot spot and no noise , " Warne said . "  The only noise was when the bat hit his pad . "  You can see the bat hitting the pad , the ball goes past , no noise . There was clear evidence there as well . That is a ridiculous decision . " Umpiring decisions have caused much controversy in the previous two Tests matches , both won by England , who is looking to retain the Ashes for the third straight series . Under the Decision Review System  DRS  both sides get two reviews per innings , meaning they can refer a decision to a video umpire if they think it is wrong . The numerous camera angles available , as well as sound and hotspot technology -- which can detect even the faintest touch of ball on bat -- are designed to eliminate bad calls . The game 's governing body -- the International Cricket Council  ICC  -- was forced to defend the umpiring during the first Test at Trent Bridge in Nottingham after a clutch of poor decisions , from the on-field umpires and their video counterpart . Rudd is the latest in a long line of Aussie Prime Ministers who have indulged their love of cricket . John Howard , who served between 1996 and 2007 , was a regular visitor to Test matches involving his country at home and abroad . He also launched a bid to become a vice-president of the ICC but was blocked by the organization 's board . Gillard was pictured at various cricketing events , while former premiers Bob Hawke and Paul Keating also tried to tap into their country 's love of the game .	Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd tweets criticism of umpiring decision in Ashes Test Rudd dismayed after batsman Usman Khawaja given out by third umpire despite review Khawaja given out caught even though replays seemed to show he had n't hit the ball Rudd calls it "  one of the worst umpiring decisions I 've seen " and is backed by Shane Warne
CNN  -- Think of the greatest American sports stars of all time and names like Jesse Owens , Muhammad Ali and Serena Williams will likely spring to mind . But long before these champions smashed the record books -- and blazed a trail in the public 's imagination -- the first generation of black U.S. athletes dominated an unlikely sport . The godfathers of Owens , Ali and Williams were n't stereotypical towering , musclebound men found on basketball courts or in boxing rings . Instead , they were the jockeys of the race track and their dizzying success -- and dramatic fall -- is one of the most remarkable buried chapters in U.S. sporting history . When the country 's most prestigious horse race , the Kentucky Derby , launched in 1875 , 13 of the 15 jockeys were African-American . Much like the NBA today , black athletes dominated horse racing for the next three decades , winning 15 of the first 28 Derbies . "  They were the premier horsemen in the world , " says Joe Drape , author of "  Black Maestro , " which tells the story of champion jockey Jimmy Winkfield . "  It was the first professional sport for black athletes in America . They were at the forefront of horse racing and it was a place where they could earn a good living . " Decades before Jackie Robinson made history in 1947 as the first black major league baseball player , African American jockeys forged a name as the first sports heroes of post-Civil War America . The son of a former slave , Isaac Murphy was the first jockey to win three Kentucky Derbies -- in 1884 , 1890 , 1891 . He went on to win an unheard-of 44 % of all his competitions , becoming the first rider inducted into the National Racing Hall of fame . "  Murphy was the first millionaire black athlete , " Drape told CNN . "  He even had a white valet . " Many of these jockeys had been slaves in the South , working as stable hands and becoming skilled horse handlers . Plantation owners put them on the backs of horses in informal -- and dangerous -- competitions . When horse racing became an organized sport in the early 19th-Century , black jockeys were already leaders in the saddle . Yet fast forward to today and you 'd struggle to find an African-American jockey on a U.S. race track . Just 30 of the around 750 members of the national Jockey 's Guild are black , according to the most recent figures available . Winkfield was the last African American to win the Kentucky Derby -- in 1901 and 1902 -- and by 1921 they had all but disappeared . It would be 79 years before another black rider , Marlon St. Julien , competed in 2000 . The introduction of the Jim Crow laws in the late 1880s -- segregating blacks and whites -- spelled an end to the golden era of jockeys like Winkfield and Murphy . Increasing violence against black jockeys forced many to abandon racing and move to northern urban areas , says Drape . "  It became too dangerous to put black riders on horses , " he added . "  An influx of Irish immigrants were now slugging it out on the track , riding black jockeys into railings and making them fall . " Other riders , such as Winkfield , fled to Russia -- which had a thriving horse racing industry . "  The Russians were colorblind , you had jazz players and heavyweight boxers like Jack Johnson -- it was basically the last place black American sportsmen could go , " Drape said . Here , Winkfield 's career skyrocketed as he won the Russian Derby four times and amassed a fortune . He was treated like a celebrity , socializing with aristocrats in Tzar Nicholas II 's court and marrying two white European countesses . Decades later , segregation still ruled America , and when Sports Illustrated invited Winkfield to a reception at the Brown Hotel in Louisville in 1961 , he was told he could n't enter by the front door . Today , Deshawn Parker is perhaps the most successful of the few black jockeys competing in the states , boasting more than 4,000 career victories . The 42-year-old , who won the most U.S. events in 2010 and 2011 , entered the sport after his father worked as a racing official . "  Black people are n't on the track like they used to be , " he said . "  If you do n't have someone in your family who 's in the business , you do n't have a reason to start racing . " Parker , the 54th-ranked jockey of all time , says racing is now dominated by Latinos . Terry Meyock , national manager of the Jockey 's Guild , agreed , estimating that 60 % of jockeys in the U.S. are Latinos . Of the current top-10 highest earning jockeys , nine are from South America . "  From black to Irish to Latino , jockeys in America tend to mirror immigration , " Drape said . "  The conditions are the same as 200 years ago -- the best jockeys tend to be from rural countries , they grow up around horses , it 's tradition and it 's a family business . " For Parker , jockeys like Murphy and Winkfield did n't just change the face of racing -- they paved the way for generations of black American sports stars . "  They got black athletes in the door , " he said . "  It 's an honor to be ranked among them . "	First black American sports stars were n't basketball players -- they were jockeys Many became skilled horse handlers while working as slaves in the south Today , just a few black jockeys compete on U.S. race tracks Horse racing now dominated by Latino riders
CNN  A phenomenal thing has happened in Washington : Progressive advocates and conservative forces have united around legislative action supported by the strong majority of the American people . Groups as disparate as the Center for American Progress and ACLU on the left and the Koch Brothers on the right ; Republican Sen. Rand Paul and Democratic Sen. Cory Booker ; and over two-thirds of the American people all support major overhauls to America 's criminal justice system . As do , presumably , the 2.2 million Americans ensnared in our nation 's costly and counterproductive current prison system . So what 's stopping reform ? One man : Chuck Grassley . Grassley is the senior Republican senator from Iowa . He was first elected to Congress in 1975 , serving first in the House of Representatives before going to the Senate in 1981 . That means Grassley 's been in Congress long enough to have been there when the idea of mandatory minimum sentences for federal criminal convictions was first introduced . In the 1980s , Congress passed so-called "  mandatory minimums " as part of the national war on drugs , supposedly to make it easier to keep traffickers and kingpins locked up . Yet by basically any measure , mandatory minimums have been a maximal failure . Yes , nationwide the crime rate has declined in the past 40 years . But a new study confirms that America 's drop in crime had very little , if anything , to do with mandatory sentencing laws and the increase in incarceration . For instance , while incarceration played a small role -- estimated at around 5 % -- in the drop of crime rates between 1990 and 1999 , it had ostensibly no effect between 2000 and 2013 . Meanwhile the federal prison population has grown from 20,000 prisoners in the 1980s to over 200,000 prisoners today . With states also passing mandatory sentencing laws , the prison population overall has skyrocketed . Today , the United States has more people behind bars than any other country in the world . One out of every 100 adult Americans is in prison or jail . And the laws have had a disproportionately harsh effect on communities of color . For instance , on average , black male offenders are given sentences 20 % higher than white males . Meanwhile federal prisons are overcrowded by 40 % , and incarceration costs eat up 25 % of the Justice Department 's budget . The federal government could be investing more in public infrastructure jobs and higher education , since employment and education have proved to decrease crime rates dramatically . Instead , politicians are slashing food stamps and public assistance funding while spending $ 29,000 per year per inmate in federal lockup . And as the conservative writer Betsy Woodruff wrote in Slate , "  When Elizabeth Warren and Ted Cruz both think the same bill is a good idea , you might think it would have legs . " Yet it would appear Grassley just does n't wan na change the rules . Grassley is the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee . Simply put , given the generally powerful position of committee chairs on Capitol Hill , if Grassley does n't want reform to happen , it wo n't . And he does n't . This past May , Grassley gave a floor speech voicing his strong opposition to the "  Smarter Sentencing Act . " Grassley connected America 's drop in crime over the past decades partly to the use of mandatory minimum sentences . Citing a year when the number of state and federal prisoners had dropped , Grassley argued there was a corresponding rise in crime despite other contradictory evidence . Plus , Grassley said , "  the only tool Congress has to make sure that federal judges do not abuse their discretion in sentencing too leniently is mandatory minimum sentences . " In Grassley 's world , the war on drugs is working and mandatory minimum laws are a tool for combating liberal activist judges . Given such illogical conclusions , one might jokingly ask whether Grassley is crusading against drugs or using too much of them himself . But to anyone paying attention , what seems illogical is Grassley 's ability to stand in the way of a strong bipartisan coalition of his colleagues and the overwhelming weight of factual evidence and public support . It 's yet another reason Washington seems so dysfunctional . It 's one thing when one party in the majority passes , say , health care reform and then the other party stubbornly votes over and over again -- over 50 times -- to repeal the law . That 's undeniably pointless and absurd but can at least be chalked up to petulant partisanship . Yet here we have that rarest of species in Washington , agreement -- and in alignment with facts and popular opinion . The idea hat one person can stand in the way is insane . This is n't what our Founding Fathers had in mind . This is n't a checks-and-balances democracy . It 's more like a monarchy , where Chuck Grassley is king . Over 2 million Americans may continue to waste away in our bloated and broken prison system , and more will probably join them , merely because the way Congress does business gives so much power to committee chairs such as Grassley . Until there 's a way around that , Washington will seem broken , too .	Left and right have united against harsh U.S. minimum sentences Sally Kohn : Will Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley block reform ?
CNN  -- For the first time since a reported massacre there , U.N. observers on Saturday entered the Syrian town of Tremseh , where opposition activists say more than 200 people were killed . The violence took place Thursday , on what may have been the single deadliest day in the 16-month crisis . It prompted a fresh round of condemnation from world leaders . In Tremseh , the U.N. team found evidence of an attack , including a burned school , damaged houses , and proof that artillery , mortars and small arms were used , said Sausan Ghosheh , spokeswoman for the head of the U.N. Supervising Mission in Syria . She added that the number of causalities remains unclear . "  The attack ... appeared targeted at specific groups and houses , mainly of army defectors and activists . There were pools of blood and blood spatters in rooms of several homes together with bullet cases , " Ghosheh said in a statement . U.N. observers are expected to return to the town Sunday to continue their fact-finding work . Still grappling with the attack , Syrians endured yet another bloody day Saturday as regime forces fired from low-flying helicopters and a bomb exploded at a state security headquarters , opposition activists said . At least 73 people were killed in Saturday violence , including 20 in Homs , 11 in Damascus Suburbs and 13 in Hama province , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Fourteen additional deaths were reported in Deir Ezzor and 12 in Idlib , among others . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said a car bombing targeted a state security building in Hama , and "  a number of state security personnel were killed and wounded . " Syrian state-run TV said at least three civilians and a security officer were killed in Muhrada by a suicide bomber in a truck . Farther south , the Daraa province town of Khirbet Ghazaleh came under heavy shelling and machine gun fire after the Syrian army surrounded it with tanks , the LCC said . "  Helicopters fly over the city at a low altitude with a continued siege of the city and gunfire from snipers , " the opposition network said . Meanwhile , Deir Ezzor was subject to intense shelling by government forces , as well as fierce clashes between regime forces and the Free Syrian Army , the LCC said . How long can al-Assad hang on ? According to the opposition network , more than 200 villagers were killed in the Hama-area town of Tremseh on Thursday , and dozens more were killed elsewhere across the country . U.N. spokeswoman Ghosheh said a large patrol had been sent from Damascus to Tremseh on Saturday to assess the situation , amid widely differing accounts of what happened from opposition activists and the government . An initial reconnaissance mission was sent Friday following assurances of a cease-fire in the area , the spokeswoman said , but it was too late in the day to do much . "  The patrol assessed the situation -- if there was in fact a cease-fire and our access to the town , " she said . "  An 11 vehicle integrated patrol , comprised of specialized military and civilian observers , arrived ... on Saturday after confirming that a cease-fire was in place . " International anger against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has ratcheted up since the Tremseh incident , with at least one U.S. official suggesting the need for more pressure on al-Assad 's regime . As outrage grows in Syria , report of a ` breakthrough ' for humanitarian aid "  Through these repeated acts of violence against the Syrian people , President Assad has lost legitimacy to lead . It is time for him to go . It is time for the political transition that is long overdue to finally get under way , " Josh Earnest , a White House spokesman , told reporters Friday . "  It certainly does build strong international support ... to continue to ramp up the pressure on Assad , " he added , citing "  ongoing conversations at the United Nations about additional ways that we can build some international agreement and raise the stakes even further . " Syria moving chemical weapons ? Activists in the city of Hama , meanwhile , gave a grisly account of the assault in Tremseh . Witnesses inside the town told the activists by telephone that Syrian military forces had launched a full-scale attack against the opposition Free Syrian Army inside the town , which was surrounded by government tanks and artillery . As the government forces rained artillery rounds into the town , a number of village residents fled their houses , going into the streets , where many of them were shot dead by the government militias , the activists told CNN . The government painted a starkly different picture of Tremseh than that detailed by opposition groups . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for the violence . It said the government said residents called security forces for help after the terrorist groups raided the neighborhood . Regime forces arrested some of the members of the terrorist groups and confiscated their weapons , the government said . Syria 's detached and deluded elite ? "  Armed forces successfully dealt with the terrorists without casualties taking place among the citizens . They searched into the terrorists ' dens where they found the dead bodies of a number of citizens who had been abducted and killed by the terrorist groups , " SANA reported , citing a military source . CNN can not independently verify reports from Syria because the nation has restricted access by international journalists . Meanwhile , many who survive the violence are caught in a precarious humanitarian situation . The chief U.N. organization that coordinates emergency aid warned Friday that more Syrians will die if contributing nations do not follow through and fund its relief operation . "  We have run out of language to describe how it is for the civilian population , " said John Ging , operations director and chairman of the Syria Humanitarian Forum for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . "  It is physical and it is psychological . " CNN 's Saad Abedine , Dan Lothian and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 73 people are killed across Syria on Saturday , opposition activists say U.N. monitors arrive in Tremseh and find evidence of an attack An opposition group says more than 200 people were killed there Thursday The Syrian government blames the Tremseh incident on armed terrorist groups
CNN  -- Much has been written about the Twitterfication of the Gaza war . But there 's a much more significant war taking place right now on Twitter . It 's a war about freedom of speech in our new reputation economy ; it 's a war about what we legally should and should n't be able to say on Twitter . The latest battle in this war is being fought over the Lord Alistair McAlpine case . You 'll remember that it was McAlpine who was identified by Twitter users as being the senior Conservative politician whom the BBC Newsnight show said was a pedophile . The BBC , which had never revealed the alleged abuser 's name , apologized nonetheless for McAlpine being wrongly implicated . The false rumor then spread on Twitter with , according to McAlpine 's lawyers , more than 1,000 libelous tweets and 9,000 retweets maliciously destroying the innocent man 's reputation . As a result , Lord McAlpine not only successfully sued the BBC for $ 185,000 , but is also now considering suing prominent Twitter users such as Sally Bercow , the wife of the speaker of the House of Commons , who tweeted to her almost 60,000 followers : "  Why is Lord McAlpine trending ? * innocent face * . " What 's significant about McAlpine 's "  Twibel " strategy is his focus on "  high-profile Tweeters " with more than 500 followers like Bercow , comedian Alan Davies and Guardian journalist George Monbiot who tweeted to his 56,000 followers : "  I looked up Lord McAlpine on t ` internet . It says the strangest things . " While McAlpine 's lawyers are encouraging many less well-endowed Twitter users who spread the pedophile rumor to donate a small sum to a children 's charity , their focus appears to be on going after big names like Davies who , with his more than 442,000 followers , gives him an audience almost nine times the size of the main Twitter account of The Times of London newspaper . Cyber-libertarians like Harvard University 's Jonathan Zittrain argue that McAlpine 's attack on Monbiot , Davies , Bercow and the other notable Tweeters is "  unwise and uncalled for " because these individuals do n't have the fact-checking resources of media companies . Perhaps . But what freedom-of-speech fundamentalists like Zittrain fail to recognize is that with all this new power should come new responsibility . And if one does , indeed , like Alan Davies , have nearly half a million Twitter followers , then one should indeed be as liable under the libel law as any other large media company . On Twitter 's Terms of Service , it tells new users : "  What you say on Twitter may be viewed all around the world instantly . You are what you Tweet ! " But this is wrong . If you have no followers , then what you say on Twitter has , essentially , no significance . So , you are n't what you tweet . Instead , you are the size of your Twitter audience . Size matters . Thus , on Twitter , the reach of one 's megaphone should come with commensurate accountability . Welcome to our 21st century reputation economy in which individual brands like George Monbiot or Alan Davies have as much power as 20th century newspapers or television networks . That 's why McAlpine 's legal strategy is so just . Sure , slap the small Twitter user , that digital peasant , with a symbolic fine for their thoughtless behavior . But the Tory Lord is right to aggressively go after the new media aristocrats , with their enormous audience , who so thoughtlessly sullied his reputation and whom he claims have broken the UK 's libel laws . This should be a salutary lesson in our radical new media world . With media power comes media responsibility . And the larger one 's audience , the more responsibility one has to get the facts straight . It 's almost enough to encourage me to tweet : "  Why are Sally Bercow , George Monbiot and Alan Davies trending ? * innocent face * . " But then , with my almost 21,000 Twitter followers , I might get sued myself . So I 'll resist the temptation and , instead , maintain a dignified silence in this latest battle in the war about freedom of speech in our Twitter age . But it 's a tricky balancing act . Early this year , Twitter announced a new policy giving the company the ability to "  reactively withhold content from users in a specific country -- while keeping it available in the rest of the world . "  Removing a tweet previously meant deleting it from the web entirely . Critics said the move was a form of censorship , but Twitter promised tweets would be removed only upon request and only if they broke the law -- a system that Alexander Macgillivray , one of the policy 's architects , defended as a way "  to keep more tweets up in more places . " The company refused to comply with all six government removal requests in the first half of 2012 , but in October Twitter blocked access in Germany to the account of a neo-Nazi group that is banned by the German government , in addition to removing anti-Semitic tweets in France . "  Never want to withhold content ; good to have tools to do it narrowly & transparently , " Macgillivray tweeted . The microblogging service may still be figuring out the kinks of this new policy , but at a time when multinational corporations are caving left and right to countries like China , Macgillivray 's principled defense of free speech is vital . "  No one wants a pen that 's going to rat them out , " he told the New York Times . "  We all want pens that can be used to write anything and that will stand up for who we are . " Macgillvray is right . Today 's war about online freedom of speech is being fought both with and about the Twitter "  pen . " Let 's hope that he Lord McAlpine case encourages powerful voices on Twitter to self-censor tweets that might libel others . But that does n't mean I 'm in favor of censoring Twitter . So , for example , let 's also hope that Macgillivray and his team resists calls by the US Israel lobby to ban political groups like Hamas from Twitter . Yes , this is a balancing act . And the future of free expression in our digital age rests on getting it right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen .	Latest battle in Twitter war is being fought over Lord Alistair McAlpine case , says Andrew Keen McAlpine considering suing prominent Twitter users who falsely alleged he was a pedophile Keen : Those with many Twitter followers are as liable under libel law as media companies Tory Lord is right to pursue new media aristocrats who sullied his reputation , Keen adds
CNN  -- Whenever I have to make a tough decision , I look up at the wall of my office , where I have hung the original immigration certificates and pictures of my grandparents . They fled Russia and immigrated to the United States at the turn of the last century . Though I lost them many years ago , they have always been my source of inspiration . I look into those eyes that saw poverty , persecution , anti-Semitism and hatred , and along with fear , I see something else : hope . Their eyes are wide open to the promise and opportunity of America . After the 2012 elections , it seemed there was one issue that could unite Republicans and Democrats : reforming our nation 's broken immigration system so that more people like my grandparents could live the American Dream . Fast-forward eight months . In the Senate , the hope for bipartisan cooperation is now reality . By a wide margin -- one that is unheard-of in today 's polarized Washington -- the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration bill that guarantees our nation 's borders are secure , protects American workers and offers undocumented immigrants an earned path to citizenship that is tough but fair . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reports  PDF  that comprehensive immigration reform will strengthen our economy and reduce the deficit , so not only is reform the right thing to do , it 's also fiscally sound policy . The only obstacles to finally fixing our broken immigration system are Speaker John Boehner and House Republicans . If House Republicans fail to act , voters who care about this issue -- especially our growing Hispanic population -- will know they ca n't count on House Republicans . Instead of moving forward in the weeks since the Senate bill passed , House Republicans have allowed intolerant voices to remain the face of their party on immigration . People like Rep. Steve King , who has compared immigrants to dogs and DREAM Act-eligible children to drug runners , do n't deserve a place on the Judiciary Committee that will decide the future of immigration reform . If House Republicans are serious about having a constructive debate , they will remove King from his position of authority . While it is true that Boehner 's House has given us little reason to be optimistic and King 's rhetoric is contrary to the principles that make this country great , I still have hope for the future of immigration reform . There are several House Republicans whose constituents will demand progress on immigration , and House Democrats want to work with them on finally achieve lasting reform . We can do this , but only if we do it together . We all came to Congress knowing we would face hard choices . For Boehner , that hard choice means abandoning the foolish Hastert Rule , which requires that "  the majority of the majority " party support legislation before it can be brought to a vote in the whole House , an artificial barrier to bipartisan cooperation . In effect , the rule keeps the speaker in power while preventing Republicans and Democrats from coming together . And most troubling , it thwarts the will of the people , a consequence that is fundamentally at odds with who we are as Americans . I do n't think that when my grandparents took those pictures , they ever imagined they would be hanging in the United States Capitol . But I know that if they believed that it was possible anywhere , it was only possible here -- because they had a voice in their government . There are 434 members of the House who could probably tell a similarly inspiring story about their families ' immigration journeys . For the good of the country , I hope Boehner draws strength from all of these stories to do what is right for this nation of immigrants . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Israel .	Steve Israel says his grandparents fled persecution in Russia to seek promise of U.S. He says post-election hopes that the parties could unite over immigration reform have dimmed He says Rep. King has insulted Latinos ; Boehner-led GOP using procedural tactics to deny vote Israel : Boehner 's use of Hastert Rule is barrier to bipartisanship , thwarts will of the people
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Police were out in force at one of Jerusalem 's holiest sites Monday , one day after 150 Palestinians rioted there . Masked Palestinians throw stones at Israeli border police in Jerusalem on Sunday . Authorities contained tensions at the site , which is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as Haram Al-Sharif . In one incident , though , police arrested 10 Palestinian youths Monday after some people threw rocks at Orthodox Jews , said Mickey Rosenfeld , spokesman for the Israeli police . About 30,000 Jews arrived at the Western Wall on Monday for the traditional priestly blessing on the holiday of Sukkot . The Western Wall is adjacent to the Temple Mount . About 150 Palestinians rioted near the site Sunday after police in Jerusalem closed the mount to Muslim worshippers and visitors . Police said they did so to minimize the possibility of violence after calls were issued in Palestinian media to "  come and protect the Mount . " Palestinians who had finished praying near the mount began to throw stones and bottles at police forces in the area Sunday , Rosenfeld said . Police dispersed the rioters and arrested three ; one officer was slightly hurt , he said . Palestinian official Sabri Saidam accused Israel of "  stepping up its hostile confrontation to the Palestinian population " by systematically seeking "  to alienate worshippers and the Palestinian inhabitants of East Jerusalem and beyond by allowing Jewish worshippers to visit al Aqsa mosque . " That mosque is part of Haram Al-Sharif , which means "  the noble sanctuary . " Saidam warned of more possible violence . "  Such attitudes may ignite the situation on the ground and are widely seen by Palestinians as an attempt on the Israeli government side to divert attention from the pressing need to end its occupation of Palestinian land and thus reduce international pressure on its different political domain , " he said . An Israeli soldier was stabbed in the back by a Palestinian on Monday after boarding a bus at a roadblock near Jerusalem , Israeli military and police spokesman said . The soldier was hospitalized in "  moderate " condition ; police arrested the assailant , the spokesmen said . Sunday was the second day of Sukkot , a Jewish holiday when many Jews visit the Old City and the Western Wall , adding to the tensions in the area . Police re-opened the Temple Mount on Monday for Muslim males age 50 or older and to Muslim females of any age , but it remained closed to tourists .	Palestinians rioted Sunday after Israeli police barred Muslims from holy site Police say closure was to prevent violence at site , which is holy to both faiths Police on alert Monday as thousands of Jews gather in area for Sukkot blessing Palestinian official warns more violence possible ; Israeli soldier stabbed , injured
CNN  -- When I lived in Austin , Texas , every "  Lord of the Rings " movie release was a cause for celebration among a certain group of friends . We saw new releases and DVD versions as soon as we could , a tradition that brought us great joy and hours of entertainment . Now , the first "  Hobbit " movie is coming out this weekend , but I live in Atlanta . What 's a geek to do ? For this one , the answer is to fly back to Austin for 24 hours to see the movie with my friends at the legendary Alamo Drafthouse Cinema . Thanks to air miles , I 'm doing it for about $ 15 . My decision has earned funny looks and awkward conversational pauses , but I 'm excited about my "  vacation concentrate " : no wasting time with filler , just 24 hours of fun . "  You 'd be surprised how long a one - or two-day vacation feels if you really get away and go somewhere different , " said Travelocity blogger Courtney Scott . "  I went to Milan on a long weekend  three full days  last winter because I found a fantastic flight deal , and I came back renewed and recharged ! " Events like movies or ballgames are often the impetus behind these quick trips . Mary DeVore of Seminole , Florida , traveled to Albany , New York , and Foxborough , Massachusetts , to see Bruce Springsteen in concert . She also took 24 hours to see the Eagles in Foxborough . "  The strange thing is that I am really not a concert junkie or anything , " she said . "  I just feel that these guys and groups that I grew up listening to are aging and I want to be able to see them live when I can . Hoping the Rolling Stones go on one more tour -- you can bet I will fly somewhere for that ! " Anne Bresler of Novi , Michigan , and her husband took a one-day trip to New York last month to catch the superpopular Broadway show "  Book of Mormon . " "  We bought the tickets and figured we 'd plan the full trip later , " she said . "  When we got around to getting our flights , we realized that it would be easier to just go in and out in one day . " Not to mention cheaper : "  With hotel rooms at $ 300 to $ 400 for the holiday season , it was much cheaper to just do one day . We got to go to brunch at our favorite restaurant in the city , explored the Microsoft store in Times Square  my husband is a tech nerd  and then saw the show . " One-day trips are n't all fun and games , though . The smaller travel window means more risk of chaos or outright cancellation if there are any problems . Ashley Stanley of Melbourne , Florida , got 50-yard-line tickets to a New England Patriots game from her husband one year , but a massive winter storm nearly ended the celebration . Their plane was the only one to make it out of Atlanta , but they arrived too late for the car service to the game . Stanley says she and her husband made it for the second half "  by going the trains , planes and automobiles route and got yelled at by some oaf who had taken our seats for not being a ` real fan ' for showing up late . After about eight hours of travel just to get to this game ! " Scott says flexibility is the key to a quick trip . "  For example , returning on a Sunday from a weekend getaway will typically cost you more than returning on a Monday or Tuesday . " Stanley offers advice that works for just about every traveler , no matter how long the trip : "  I just ca n't get stressed about it . If we make it , wonderful . If we do n't , it 's a story . The main thing for me is to persevere with humor , to be nice to everyone who 's helping you and realize that it 's often out of your control . " Have you taken a one-day trip worth sharing ? What kind of event or situation would make you want to go somewhere for 24 hours ? Let us know in the comments !	One fan is flying to Texas for one day to see "  The Hobbit " with friends Concerts , Broadway shows , sporting events also targets of 24-hour vacations Flexibility is key to quick trips , expert says
CNN  -- As Minnesota gears up for its first wolf hunt , advocates of the once-endangered gray wolf are hoping the court will intervene . Last week , the Center for Biological Diversity , a national conservation organization , joined the Minnesota group Howling for Wolves in asking the state 's Supreme Court to stop wolf hunting and trapping this fall . The state 's first regulated wolf season is expected to start Saturday , November 3 . The Minnesota Court of Appeals denied the groups ' motion for a preliminary injunction earlier this month because the groups failed to "  demonstrate the existence of irreparable harm to the wolves , " and consequently , they are asking the state 's Supreme Court to review the decision . "  Rushing to open a hunt this fall , the Department  of Natural Resources  slammed the door on meaningful public participation in a controversial management decision about wolf hunting and trapping , " Collette Adkins Giese , an attorney with the Center for Biological Diversity , said in a statement . "  Only by stopping the hunt can we ensure that these state officials follow the law and do their duty to protect our state 's wildlife . " In a separate legal issue , the Humane Society and The Fund for Animals filed notice of their intent to sue the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to restore federal protections for Great Lakes wolves under the Endangered Species Act . The groups also asked Minnesota to postpone wolf hunting until the case is decided . "  This is a hunting season , pure and simple . It is recreational killing , " said Howard Goldman , the Minnesota state director of The Humane Society . "  Wolves are highly intelligent , complex animals that play a very important role in our natural ecosystem . They are not stalks of corn ; they are n't something you could harvest . People care deeply about wolves in the state , and they do n't want wolves to be taken for sport or recreation . " In Minnesota , gray wolves were added to the endangered species list in 1974 when their population dipped to about 750 , according to the Minnesota-based International Wolf Center . Gray wolf back from near extinction Today , the International Wolf Center lists the gray wolf population in the Great Lakes area as "  increasing/stable . " Gray wolves were removed from federal protection earlier this year , and as a result , the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources assumed state management of the species . The state initially had a five-year waiting period for hunting after wolf delisting , but the Minnesota Legislature knocked that down . "  The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service put faith in the state wildlife agencies to responsibly manage wolf populations , but their overzealous and extreme plans to allow for trophy hunting and recreational trapping immediately after de-listing demonstrate that such confidence was unwarranted , " Wayne Pacelle , the Humane Society 's president and CEO , said in a statement . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , which would not comment on the pending legal action , said gray wolves are thriving . "  Wolves total more than 4,000 animals in the three core recovery states  Michigan , Minnesota and Wisconsin  in the western Great Lakes area , " said Georgia Parham , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service spokeswoman . "  The region 's gray wolf population and distribution have exceeded recovery goals since at least 2001 and far exceed minimum population goals in each of the three states , " she said in an e-mail to CNN . CNN Photos : Trophy hunters chase African wildlife The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources estimates the state 's wolf population to be about 3,000 wolves and says the target harvest of 400 wolves "  is a conservative approach that does not pose a threat to the conservation of the population . " The wolf hunting and trapping season closes January 31 or whenever the 400 wolves are hunted , whichever comes first . More than 23,000 hunters entered the lottery to participate in the wolf hunting season , and 6,000 licenses will be given out . "  We are confident state and tribal wildlife managers will continue to effectively manage healthy wolf populations , " Parham said . "  The  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  , as is required under the Endangered Species Act , is monitoring the western Great Lakes wolf population , and if it appears , at any time , that the status of the gray wolf may again warrant the protections of the Endangered Species Act , the service can initiate the normal or emergency listing process . " Goldman says The Humane Society 's research demonstrates otherwise . "  We were given an estimate of 3,000 wolves in our state . We are going to have a harvest of 400 . There will be another 300 wolves that will be killed under the depredation programs , and we are estimating another 300 wolves will be killed illegally , so that 's a total of 1,000 wolves already . That 's a third of the wolf population , and many biologists say that the tipping point of when the population begins to decline is 30 % , so we are right there , " he said . Chris Niskanen , the communications director for the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources , said the state 's wolf population met federal standards for recovery nearly a decade ago and that they have some of the highest wolf densities they have ever had . As the wolf population rises , so do human-wolf conflicts . In general , wolves mainly prey on deer , moose and beaver , but the International Wolf Center says that wherever they coexist , wolves may prey on domestic animals . "  We have a stake in making sure that wolves remain on the landscape here . It is a high priority for us , " Niskanen said . "  In addition to that mission , our job is to reduce human-wolf conflicts . " "  We hope that this first hunting and trapping season will give us a lot of information , " he added , "  so we can manage the wolves ' population and reduce conflicts at the same time . " But Goldman holds a different opinion . "  The only reason there is a wolf harvest is to satisfy hunters , they are having the hunt for trophies , for sport , " he said . "  We are saying , stay back , what 's the rush , they were just delisted , study this population . We have to err on the side of the caution . This is a population that was driven virtually to extinction . "	Minnesota hunters will be able to hunt gray wolves for first time next month Gray wolves were removed from federal protection earlier this year Advocates fear the hunting will reduce wolf population too much State 's Department of Natural Resources says hunting "  does not pose a threat "
As questions continue to swirl about how to deal with the ever-growing fears of Ebola , relatives of the first person to be diagnosed with the deadly virus in the United States gathered to grieve Saturday . Wiping tears from their eyes , family and friends of Thomas Eric Duncan told CNN affiliate Time Warner Cable News Charlotte he was a "  compassionate and respectful young man . " As relatives said their final farewells to Duncan , a Liberian national and father of four , at Rowan International Church in Salisbury , North Carolina , they wanted him to be remembered for his acts of kindness , "  as opposed to the person who brought this disease to America because he did n't know he was sick , " said nephew Josephus Weeks . Duncan , 42 , died earlier this month at a hospital in Dallas . His mother and other relatives live in North Carolina . This week , a Central American country closed its borders to anyone who has been anywhere near the disease . And an airline scrambled to inform hundreds passengers that they had been on a plane that carried someone who has since come down with Ebola . When U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry asked the government of Belize to help evacuate a Dallas hospital worker from a cruise ship off its coast on Friday , officials declined to let her on shore . The employee of Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital was a lab supervisor and did not have direct contact with Thomas Eric Duncan , who died there while being treated for Ebola . But she may have had contact with one of his specimens , the U.S. State Department said . A doctor on the Carnival cruise ship has declared her symptom-free and in good health . Still , the lab supervisor and a travel partner have undergone voluntary isolation as a precaution . Belize slaps travel , visa bans It 's been 20 days since she perhaps handled Duncan 's fluid samples -- the maximum incubation period for Ebola is 21 days . Meanwhile , on Saturday , a U.S. Coast Guard confirms to CNN a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter flew to the Carnival cruise , lowered a hoist basket , and picked up the lab technician 's blood samples . "  The samples which are in a container , so the USCG members are not exposed , were then taken by Carnival 's on board doctor , " said Petty Officer Andy Kendrick , U.S. Coast Guard spokesman . "  The test results are expected back , before the Carnival Magic arrives in Galveston tomorrow morning , " said Kendrick . "  If results are n't ready , health officials will be at the port to make sure the woman is not showing any symptoms , before allowing her to get off the ship . " But as sure as it may seem that lab professional is Ebola-free , the State Department wanted to fly her back to the United States -- purely out of caution -- from Belize City 's airport . Instead , the cruise ship is hauling her back to Galveston . On top of the no-go , Belize 's government has slapped visa and travel bans this week on citizens of affected West African countries and announced more strict measures . "  Also , any person of whatever nationality wishing to travel to Belize who has visited any affected area of West Africa within the last 30 days will be prohibited from entering Belize , " the government said in a statement on Friday . Cruise ship passengers will be vetted before being allowed to go on land . WHO to review Ebola response amid criticism Airline worries Leave no stone unturned is the approach Frontier Airlines is taking , after a passenger came down with Ebola . It is telling up to 800 passengers to contact the CDC . Most of them were n't on flights with Amber Vinson , the second Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola after helping treat Duncan . Vinson flew to Cleveland on October 10 and back to Dallas on October 13 . In an effort to further quarantine the deadly virus , the Ohio Department of Health , upped the ante on specific Ebola monitoring requirements on Saturday for those potentially affected by the deadly virus . Ohio health officials Saturday increased the number of people being monitored from 16 to 29 . These people were in the vicinity of Vinson or had contact with her . They include people who were in a bridal shop she visited . One of them was a "  close contact " and is under quarantine , according to DiOrio . All are healthy . The new measures include daily health monitoring by a local health department official and those being monitored "  can not leave the United States due to the inability to track them down in the event they fail to meet their daily reporting requirements , " the statement read . "  We 're taking an aggressive approach , no doubt about it , but it 's just common sense . Some might criticize us for being too aggressive , but we 're comfortable taking that criticism , " said Dr. Mary DiOrio , state epidemiologist and interim chief of the ODH Bureau of Prevention and Health Promotion in statement . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said she could have had symptoms during that time . The TSA says an officer who patted down Vinson on October 13 in Cleveland has been placed on paid administrative leave "  out of an abundance of caution . " "  A Cleveland Hopkins International Airport Transportation Security Administration Officer who conducted a routine pat-down of a traveler later reported to be infected with Ebola consulted with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , " the TSA said in a statement . "  No Cleveland TSA officer came in direct contact with the infected traveler , as all pat downs are completed while employees are wearing disposable medical gloves , " the statement continued . The TSA holds firm that the employee is not reporting any symptoms and was instructed by CDC to self-monitor over the next few days , as a precautionary measure . DiOrio told reporters that 87 state residents in the flights were self-monitoring for symptoms of Ebola . The CDC would like people who were on either flight to get in touch with them to answer some questions and potentially undergo monitoring , although it says the risk to anyone was extremely low . But Frontier , as an extra precaution , included anyone who had been on subsequent flights that used the same plane as the one on her return flight . Frontier has also taken that plane out of service . Ohio Gov. John Kasich went so far on Saturday as calling for a travel ban for countries affected by the deadly Ebola outbreak . No Ohio airport currently has direct flights to or from the affected nations in West Africa . "  I would say I think it makes sense to have  a  ban in place , " he told reporters . "  The President of the United States has to make that call . He has to listen to many different people . And I have no doubt in my mind they 're considering this now . " Can you catch Ebola on a plane ?	TSA officer who patted down Ebola patient Amber Vinson in Cleveland is now watching for symptoms Doctor calls allegations of lax care due to patient 's status and race "  remarkably insulting " Belize refuses to let Dallas lab supervisor aboard cruise ship come ashore She is symptom free , but State Department wanted to fly her back to the U.S.
Tokyo  CNN  -- Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station returned to the plant Friday after a strong aftershock forced them to leave a day earlier , the plant 's owner said . The quake forced crews at the plant to evacuate as it rattled northern Japan late Thursday night . They returned to the plant about eight and a half hours later , and no fresh damage to the facility had been reported Friday afternoon , the Tokyo Electric Power Company said . Before the quake , engineers had been injecting non-flammable nitrogen into the No. 1 reactor containment shell to counter a buildup of hydrogen in the chamber . That process continued while the plant was evacuated , and so did the pumping of fresh water into that reactor and units 2 and 3 , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , a spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . Hydrogen buildup is a symptom of overheated fuel rods in the cores of the reactors , which plant workers have been struggling to keep under control since the earthquake and tsunami . The nitrogen injections are aimed at displacing oxygen in the reactor shell , reducing the possibility of an explosion -- a chance Tokyo Electric called "  extremely low . " A hydrogen explosion blew the roof and upper walls off the No 1 . reactor building two days after the quake , and another blast two days later blew apart the No. 3 building . A suspected hydrogen explosion is believed to have damaged the No. 2 reactor on March 15 as well . Both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the U.S. Geological Survey have rated Thursday 's quake a magnitude 7.1 , though the Japanese initially rated it at 7.4 . It was centered in the Pacific Ocean about 90 kilometers  56 miles  north of the plant , near the epicenter of the magnitude-9 earthquake and tsunami that knocked out the plant 's coolant systems four weeks ago Friday . It also caused radioactive water to spill from the spent fuel cooling pools of another nuclear power plant , Tohoku Electric 's Onagawa plant , the Sendai-based utility and NISA reported Friday . About 15 liters  3.9 gallons  of water spilled , and the concentration of radioactive particles was far below levels that would pose an immediate threat to human health , the company said . The three reactors at the Onagawa plant , about 140 kilometers  88 miles  north of Fukushima Daiichi , shut down automatically when the March 11 earthquake struck and have not been restarted . Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating for four weeks , pouring tons of fresh water an hour into the reactors and trying to contain the spread of radioactive contamination that has been pouring out . About 78,000 people who live within a 20-kilometer radius of the plant were ordered to leave their homes in the days following the quake , and another 62,000 within 20 to 30 kilometers have been told to remain indoors . But government readings show that people beyond the current restricted zone may be exposed to dangerous long-term doses of radiation even though the readings fall below levels that now require an evacuation , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Thursday . Edano , the Japanese government 's point man on the crisis , said the country may set standards for long-term radiation exposure that would effectively extend the evacuation zone around the damaged plant . "  It is time for the government to consider setting another category for accumulated exposure , " Edano told reporters . "  The safety of the people is the first priority , and social needs come after that . " There is no timetable for a decision , Edano said . Readings released Thursday by the country 's science ministry from areas outside that zone indicated that long-term exposure could top the government 's one-time standards for an evacuation within a few months . Some of those are in towns to the northwest , where prevailing winds have blown radioactive particles released from the Fukushima Daiichi plant . The recorded doses are far below those that would cause radiation sickness but could pose a long-term risk of cancer , according to medical experts . The anti-nuclear group Greenpeace and the International Atomic Energy Agency raised alarms about the spread of radioactivity beyond the 30-kilometer zone in late March . Hiroo Saso and Ailing Chang contributed to this report for CNN .	No damage has been reported from Thursday night 's aftershock A small amount of radioactive water spilled from another nuclear plant Workers at Fukushima Daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheating
CNN  A former mayor is a "  probable " suspect in the disappearance of 43 students who were kidnapped last month from Iguala , a small city in Guerrero state , Mexican authorities said . Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam said Wednesday his office has issued arrest warrants for former Iguala Mayor José Luis Abarca ; his wife , Maria de los Ángeles Pineda Villa ; and the city 's former public safety director , Felipe Flores Velásquez . Murillo said they are considered "  probable masterminds " of events that occurred in Iguala on September 26 . According to the attorney general , on that day , a group of students from a teachers college in the nearby town of Ayotzinapa were on their way to stage a protest in Iguala . When the former mayor and his wife learned the protest would disrupt an event led by the mayor 's wife , they gave orders to their public safety director to send police forces to prevent the students from protesting . "  The order to confront those people came from the police department 's command center , straight from A-5 , code name used to identify the Iguala mayor , " Murillo said . The attorney general also said his office learned this information from interrogations of police officers and gang members detained in the last month who were allegedly involved in the incident . Police officers blocked the highway leading into the city and shot at the students as they arrived in buses and a van . One student was killed . Footage from the scene shows a white van left in the middle of the road with its windows blown out and the doors wide open . The students , Murillo said , were subsequently taken away by police officers , who handed them over to a local criminal gang known as Guerreros Unidos  United Warriors  , which had infiltrated not only the police department but was also complicit with Mayor Abarca , his wife and the public safety director . All three disappeared the day after the clashes between police and the students . It has been almost a month since the incident and the students are still missing . Fifty-three people , including 36 officers and 17 suspected gang members , have been detained . No one was available for comment at the Iguala Police Department . The Mexican federal police and army have taken over the department and assumed all security responsibilities . Twenty-eight bodies were found in mass graves in the state of Guerrero , but DNA tests showed there were no missing students among those victims . Mexico was shocked this week by the revelations of a Roman Catholic priest and well-known activist who works with migrants and trafficking victims . The Rev. Alejandro Solalinde said the students were forced to walk to a remote location and then shot . "  Some who were wounded but still alive , with others who were already dead -- one , two , we do n't know how many -- were put on top of firewood and set on fire with diesel , " Solalinde said . He said he has given his information to prosecutors . The case has become a political crisis , with opposition lawmakers asking President Enrique Peña Nieto to dissolve the entire Guerrero state government and take charge . Peña Nieto has said his government will not spare any efforts until the students are found and justice is done . "  Violence , whatever its origin , goes against what we are as a country . Violence will never be a solution or pave the way towards a better future , " the President said . Mexican authorities are offering a reward of nearly $ 5 million for information leading to finding the students and solving the case . Online , international students are also demanding answers . A video posted on YouTube shows young people from different countries "  demanding justice for the 43 Mexican students who went missing on September 26 , " in multiple languages .	43 students intending to protest in Iguala vanished on September 26 Police say former mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance Activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burned
Tokyo  CNN  -- Levels of radioactive iodine in seawater just offshore of the embattled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant spiked to more than 1,250 times higher than normal , Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency said Saturday . Samples taken Friday morning from a monitoring station 330 meters off the coast were significantly higher than results from the previous morning , when the level was 104 times above normal . The measurements also showed high levels of cesium and were taken outside the discharge canal for the plant 's Nos. 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 reactors . Readings from a short distance away , outside the Nos. 5 and 6 units ' discharge canal , showed lower but still high radioactive iodine levels some 284 times above normal . These high levels suggest there may have been some sort of leakage directly into the ocean -- unlikely to be because of atmosphere emissions or rain alone , said an official with the Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which operates the nuclear plant . A Tokyo Electric official told CNN that authorities are not sure why the levels spiked . The official speculated that the radioactive iodine may have been swept off the coast recently into the Pacific Ocean or the tainted water may have seeped from turbine buildings for two nuclear reactors that have shown the presence of radiation 10,000 times the normal amount . Still , an official with Japan 's nuclear safety agency told reporters Saturday that -- while drinking such tainted seawater would be dangerous , given the radiation 's potential to cause cancer -- the effect on aquatic life may be relatively minimal . That 's because the radiation tends to dilute , the farther one moves away from the nuclear plant . Data posted on the Japan 's education and science ministry website showed relatively small amounts of radioactive particles several kilometers offshore . The International Atomic Agency reported online Saturday that radioactive iodine and cesium was detected 30 kilometers  19 miles  offshore , but it said that these levels differed only slightly from the previous day . That said , its potential effect on Japan 's fishing industry -- even if consumers stay away , for simple fear of contamination -- remains a major concern . So , too , is the fact that authorities have yet to pinpoint the exact source of the radiation , and thus to determine if it 's stopped . The latest data , from Friday , posted online by Japan 's education , science and technology ministry show continuing evidence of airborne radiation in prefectures around the nation . Still , in no cases is the exposure considered harmful to human health -- and , in fact , in many cases , radiation readings have gone down . In the Fukushima prefecture where the plant is located , officials had screened 87,813 people for radiation exposure as of Thursday , Japan 's nuclear safety agency said a day later in a news release . Of those 98 people had tested above limits for exposure , but once their clothes were removed and other measures taken , the exposure levels dropped and there was no effect on health . The agency also said screeners have examined thyroid glands of 66 children ranging in age from 1 to 15 and found that the "  level of exposure of no problem . " The thyroid gland , particularly in children , can readily absorb radiation , health experts say . Meanwhile , authorities continue to monitor radiation levels in tap water around Japan . Information from Japan 's education , science and technology ministry indicate the presence of radioactive iodine in the tap water of 12 prefectures . This does not include Fukushima and Miyagi , where measurements are n't being taken because of damage from the March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami . The government of Ibaraki prefecture reported Saturday that radiation levels had fallen considerably in the past 24 hours -- to levels that now would be considered safe enough even for babies to drink . Levels of radioactive iodine , taken Friday from water treatment facilities that serve the cities of Tokaimura and Hitachi , range from 31 to 97 bequerels per kilogram of water . This is below the 100 becquerel threshold authorities advise it not be given to infants under 1 year old -- and well under the 300-becquerel threshold for adults . A day earlier , water samples from four sites in Ibaraki had levels between 119 becquerels of radioactive iodine to a high of 230 becquerels , all above the recommendations for babies . A second batch of data released Friday from Tokyo 's waterworks bureau showed levels remaining steady at 51 becquerels of radioactive iodine per kilogram of tap water . There were 76 becquerels from samples from Asaka purification plant , which serves Saitama prefecture , according to data on the Tokyo government site . The previous day , Tokyo Gov. Shintaro Ishihara lifted the previously announced recommendation that babies not drink tap water after tests from Tuesday night showed levels of radiation more than twice the limit for babies . There was also good news Friday 's in the Chiba prefecture , where all five water treatment facilities had levels of radioactive iodine less than 100 becquerels per kilogram of tap water . The previous day , two plants in Chiba had reported high levels .	NEW : Besides radioactive iodine , high levels of cesium are also detected A Tokyo Electric official says it 's not known what caused the radiation spike Radiation in seawater near nuclear plant tests 1,250 times above normal Radiations levels in tap water in Ibaraki prefecture now considered safe
CNN  -- A 19-year-old Detroit woman who was shot and killed on the front porch of a Michigan home had a blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit for drivers in the state , according to a toxicology report released Thursday . Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy , meanwhile , was scheduled to make an announcement Friday about a review of possible charges against the homeowner who fired the fatal shotgun blast . The report from the Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office said Renisha McBride 's alcohol level was 0.218 % . The legal limit for drivers in Michigan is 0.08 % . The report said McBride also had marijuana in her system when she was shot in the face by a homeowner after approaching his house after a car accident . Police have said that the unidentified homeowner 's shotgun accidentally discharged . Lawyers for McBride 's family claim she was simply looking for help after the accident , while those representing the homeowner said the 54-year-old man 's actions were justified . Gerald Thurswell , an attorney representing McBride 's family , said the autopsy findings were irrelevant . "  I do n't think the fact that she was intoxicated changes anything , " he said . "  Her being intoxicated on the toxicology report would make her less of a threat than more of a threat . The bottom line is , he should 've called 911 when he heard a disturbance , and we know for a fact that the police would 've been there in two minutes . Instead , he did the reverse . He took his shotgun , went on the porch , and blew her head off and then called 911 . " Mark Carpenter , a lawyer for the homeowner , said he would not comment on the toxicology report until after the prosecutor 's announcement Friday . An autopsy report said McBride was not shot at close range . As reported in The Detroit News this week , McBride 's autopsy left many questions unanswered . The autopsy confirmed that McBride had been shot in the face but revealed little about how the early morning incident unfolded on November 2 . "  There was an entrance shotgun wound to the face , with no evidence of close range discharge of a firearm noted on the skin surrounding this wound , " said the autopsy report , which ruled her death a homicide . Detroit woman 's autopsy leaves questions McBride was in a car accident earlier that morning , but police said hours passed between the time of the wreck and her death . A woman told police that she helped McBride after the car crash , but that McBride said she wanted to go home and walked away from the scene , the Detroit News reported . The wreck happened about 1:30 a.m. ; the shooting at 3:40 a.m. . The homeowner said that he was awakened before dawn and believed someone was trying to break into his home . Charlotte police kill ex-FAMU player who may have been running to them for help	Detroit woman fatally shot after accident had blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit Renisha McBride also had marijuana in her system after fatal shooting Wayne County prosecutor to make announcement on possible charges
CNN  Latest developments : Full story : Saudi Arabia has launched military operations in neighboring Yemen , where for months Houthi rebels have intensified their violent campaign against the government , the Saudi ambassador to the United States told reporters in Washington on Wednesday . Adel al-Jubeir said the operation consisted of airstrikes on more than one city and in more than one region . Yemen , a longtime stronghold for one of al Qaeda 's most dangerous branches , has been plunged into chaos since the Houthi rebels began seizing control of the capital and other areas of the country in recent months . The unrest has led to the withdrawal of U.S. special forces from Yemen , seriously undermining counterterrorism efforts there . How did Yemen get to this place ? "  We are determined to protect the legitimate government of Yemen , " al-Jubeir said . "  Having Yemen fail can not be option for us or for our coalition partners . " A leading member of the Houthis ' political wing , Ansar Allah , said force will be met with force . "  This is a clear aggression and we will respond by a counteraggression , " Ali Al Imad told CNN Arabic . "  The Saudi move will unite all the people of Yemen against the Saudis and the kingdom will pay the price . " If the Saudis try to invade with ground troops , he said , they will fail . "  They probably will try to avoid that , but If it happened then they will pay a very high price , " Imad said . The Saudi airstrikes appear to be targeting military compounds , headquarters and weapons storage areas . Journalist Hakim Almasmari , who is staying in the capital of Sanaa , said hundreds of explosions have caused residents to stay in their homes . "  I do expect the Sanaa of a couple of hours ago to be a different Sanaa in the morning , " he said . A senior Arab diplomat told CNN that the Gulf Cooperation Council soon will issue a statement that the Yemenis have asked for military assistance and the GCC is prepared to step in . It will be signed by all GCC countries except for Oman . Not all countries will contribute military forces , the source said . Arab and senior administration officials from the United States told CNN that an interagency U.S. coordination team is in Saudi Arabia . The sources said the Saudis have not specified what they want yet , but will likely ask for American air support , satellite imagery , and other intelligence . "  We can help with logistics and intelligence and things like that , but there will be no military intervention by the U.S. , " a senior administration official said . Al-Jubeir said the United States is not involved in the airstrikes against the Houthis , who are Shiites in a majority Sunni nation . But the coalition includes more than 10 nations , he said , meaning more than the six GCC countries will be involved . Yemen , which has been in turmoil for months , shares a border with southern Saudi Arabia . "  We hope that the wisdom will prevail among the Houthis and they will become part of the political process rather than continue radical approach to try to take over Yemen and destroy it , " Al-Jubeir said . Earlier Wednesday , rebel forces captured parts of the port city of Aden and a nearby Yemeni air base recently evacuated by U.S. forces , officials in the country said , with one rebel spokesman claiming that Yemen 's president fled Aden as his opponents advanced . The rebels late Wednesday morning captured al-Anad air base , an installation that the last Yemen-based contingent of U.S. special operations forces evacuated over the weekend because of the deteriorating security situation in the country , said Mohammed AbdulSalam , a spokesman for the Houthi rebels . The rebel forces -- Houthis and some allies in the Yemeni military -- then advanced on Aden , the nearby port city where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi had taken refuge for weeks . There were conflicting reports Wednesday about Hadi 's whereabouts . But one Houthi spokesman , Mohammed AlBukhaiti , said Hadi left Aden on a boat with a Saudi diplomatic team as the rebels approached the port city . AlBukhaiti told CNN that Hadi went to Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . But a Saudi Arabian source told CNN 's Nic Robertson that the President was still in Yemen in the early hours Thursday . Earlier , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters , "  It 's pretty clear  Hadi  left voluntarily , " without saying where Hadi had gone . She clarified that circumstances in Yemen caused him to leave his residence , but that rebels did not expel him . Two senior administration officials said it 's unclear if he left Aden . The rebels ' advance illustrated the growing power the Houthis have enjoyed since taking over Sanaa in January , and illustrated a further collapse of a government that had been a key U.S. ally in the fight against then Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . For years , Yemen had allowed U.S. drones and special operations forces to stalk AQAP in the country . Now , that arrangement is in tatters , along with any semblance of peace in the Middle Eastern nation . Underscoring rebels ' increasing strength , Houthi-commanded Yemeni air force jets on Wednesday dropped bombs on or fired missiles at the presidential palace in Aden for the third time in a week , causing minimal damage and injuring no one , two Hadi aides said . The airstrikes happened before reports of Hadi 's departure from Aden emerged . Hadi had been staying at the Aden palace since last month , when he fled the capital , Sanaa , after a Houthi takeover there . The United States "  strongly condemn  s  the recent offensive military actions taken in Yemen that have targeted President Hadi , " Psaki told reporters Wednesday . The Houthi militants -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- moved into the capital , Sanaa , in September , sparking battles that killed a few hundred people before a ceasefire was called . In January , they surrounded the presidential palace and Hadi resigned and was put under house arrest . But Hadi escaped in February , fleeing to Aden and declaring that he remained the country 's leader . The Houthis took control of military forces stationed near Sanaa , including the air force . Some of the forces aligned with the Houthis also are loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who resigned in 2012 after months of "  Arab Spring " protests inspired in part by a 2011 revolution in Egypt . By last week , opposing Yemeni military forces -- those loyal to the Houthis , and those answering to Hadi -- battled in Aden , with Hadi 's forces temporarily pushing out the rebels on March 19 after at least 13 people were killed . On Wednesday , with the U.S. forces gone , Houthi-aligned forces took over al-Anad air base , about 40 kilometers from Aden , said AbdulSalam , one of the Houthi spokesmen . The number of casualties , if any , was n't immediately available . Some Hadi supporters evacuated the base , and Houthi forces arrested some top officials who were there , including Hadi 's defense minister , AbdulSalam said . No deaths or injuries were immediately reported in the rebels ' subsequent takeover of Aden 's airport and the central bank . CNN 's Elise Labott , Becky Anderson , Nick Paton Walsh , Greg Botelho , Michael Pearson , Anas Hamdan , Salma Abdelaziz and Mustafa al-Arab contributed to this report .	Egypt state news agency says country will give military support to Saudi Arabian-led coalition Saudi Arabia begins military operations in Yemen , ambassador says Sources tells CNN that other Gulf nations will be a part of a coalition fighting the Houthi rebels
One week ago , Jaylen Fryberg stood tall as part of his high school 's homecoming court , spurring his fellow students to cheer . On Friday , he brought them to tears . There 's a jarring disparity between the celebratory scene on the sidelines of Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's football field and the horrific , later one inside the Washington state school 's cafeteria . Fryberg was center of attention both times : first as one of his school 's most popular students , then as a student who eyewitnesses said shot his peers , killing one of them , before turning his gun on himself . As classmate Jordan Luton , among others , said : "  Nobody would have expected it from him . " 2 dead , including gunman , in school shooting For some , high school can be a hard place to be widely embraced . But not for Fryberg , according to students there . The scene at halftime of Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's October 17 football game with Arlington High School is testament . There stood Fryberg , looking dapper in a tie , vest and sneakers , with his long hair tied up tightly . A schoolmate noted Fryberg played football and planned to try out soon for wrestling ; then people in the stands applauded him , with enthusiastic whistles and yells of admiration thrown in for good measure . The occasion was Fryberg being named the freshmen 's "  Homecoming Prince , " joining others in Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's royal court . Friend and fellow student Nate Heckendorf explained that this honor means "  a lot of people had good hopes for him and thought the best of him . " "  That  title  means ... teachers like you . Your peers like you , " said Rachel Heichel , another freshman . "  You 're a person that everyone likes and a good person . " All those applied to Fryberg , according to Heichel . "  He was a people person , " she said . " ... He was just a really nice kid and all-around good person . " An avid outdoorsman Fryberg was more than a beloved student or talented athlete . He was a proud Native American . According to his social media accounts , he belonged to the Tulalip tribe , which runs a resort casino in Marysville , a city of 60,000 located 30 miles north of Seattle . A fellow tribe member and local CrossFit coach told CNN affiliate KIRO that the teenager was not only "  very nice , " but ambitious -- such that he might have one day become a tribal leader . Fryberg was an avid outdoorsman who liked to go hunting and had guns . Just three months ago , he posted a picture to Instagram of himself holding a rifle , along with the words : "  Probably the best BirthDay present ever ! I just love my parents !!! " Schoolmates and his social media accounts suggest that all was not happy with Fryberg , especially soon before the shooting . Luton said that , a few weeks ago , Fryberg got into a fight with someone who "  said something racist to him . " Heckendorf elaborated "  there was bullying involved and a couple words said towards him that he obviously did n't like , " noting that Fryberg got suspended after the fight . A federal law enforcement source also said he 'd been suspended . That 's not to say , as Heckendorf and others stressed , that this altercation necessarily had anything to do with what happened Friday . Police have not formally identified the attacker . Looking to social media for possible clues Other potential clues might lie in Fryberg 's Twitter feed , which hints at a breakup with a girlfriend in recent months . It also includes a post from Tuesday saying , "  It breaks me ... It actually does ... I know it seems like I 'm sweating it off ... But I 'm not . . And I never will be able to . " His final Tweet , on Thursday , was much shorter : "  It wo n't last ... . It 'll never last ... " That same day , Luton said he talked to Fryberg at football practice "  and he was all fine . " And Heckendorf chatted with him even more recently , on Friday morning , asking Fryberg how he was doing and offering him his ear whenever needed . "  And he said , ` OK , thank you , ' " Heckendorf said . "  We did a little handshake , and he was off . He looked pretty content with life . " All these impressions , all these interactions made what happened later that morning in Marysville-Pilchuck High School cafeteria more shocking . Heichel was there when Fryberg apparently went up to a spot a few tables away and fired his gun . When she heard more shots , she turned around and "  saw him standing there ... the gun in his hand . " "  When I saw him , I was like , ` Oh my God , that 's Jaylen , ' " she said . "  I would have never expected it would have been him , out of all people . "  It was really heartbreaking for me to see that . "	Jaylen Fryberg shot 5 , killing 1 , at his Washington high school before killing himself Fellow students express surprise , describing him as a well-liked and good person He was suspended after a fight , after "  racist " words were directed at him , student says "  I would have never expected it would have been him , " another classmate says
CNN  -- The International Tennis Federation  ITF  has confirmed that Richard Gasquet has been provisionally suspended after the French star admitted testing positive for cocaine at the Miami Masters tournament in March . Gasquet is left to contemplate a possible two-year ban from tennis . A spokesman for the ITF Anti-Doping Programme told CNN Gasquet 's ban from competition has been put in place in accordance with rules revised by the 2009 WADA Code . "  Players may now be served with a provisional suspension if their A sample tests positive for a non-specified substance  eg a hormone or steroid  . Richard Gasquet has consequently received a provisional suspension according to the rules of the programme . " The spokesman added : "  In accordance with the programme 's confidentiality provisions , the ITF will not release any further details until an independent anti-doping tribunal has issued its decision , which will be in due course . " The former world number seven issued a statement to news agencies on Sunday after the French sports paper L'Equipe had revealed in a report on its Web site the failed doping tests . Gasquet , who has slipped to 23rd in the rankings , faces a two-year ban from tennis , but is hoping for leniency . "  The test of the B sample submitted at the end of March 2009 , confirmed the positive result of the A sample taken on the same day , " he said . "  I want to prove my innocence and will explain myself at an appropriate time , " he added . If Gasquet exercises his right to a hearing , an independent anti-doping tribunal will be held , ordinarily within 60 days of the player 's request . The tribunal will determine whether an offense has been committed , and if so , what penalty will be issued . Earlier Sunday , the French Tennis Federation  FFT  admitted they would be "  very surprised " if the reports proved to be true . The FFT added in a statement released to Press Association that it "  would be very sad for Richard Gasquet himself , for tennis in general , for French tennis in particular , whose image would be dented " if the positive test was officially confirmed . Gasquet , a teenage prodigy , has failed to match his early promise but did reach the semifinals of Wimbledon in 2007 . Only this week the 22-year-old was confirmed as one of the star attractions at the pre-Wimbledon tournament at Eastbourne , but now faces a battle to clear his name . In ATP tennis action on Sunday , Novak Djokovic continued his fine form on clay with victory in his home tournament in Belgrade . The Serbian top seed beat Lukasz Kubot of Poland 6-3 7-6 in the Serbia Open final . It was Djokovic 's fourth successive appearance in an tour final . The BMW Open title in Munich went to Czech Tomas Berdych who edged out Mikhail Youzhny of Russia 6-4 4-6 7-6 .	Richard Gasquet tests positive for cocaine at ATP Miami Masters in March French star Gasquet says he will battle to clear his name but faces two-year ban Novak Djokovic and Tomas Berdych clinch Tour wins in pre-French Open events
CNN  -- A California movement protesting $ 1 billion in budget cuts to the state 's university system appeared to have burgeoned into a nationwide demonstration on Thursday . Students and professors in dozens of states were challenging administrators and state lawmakers over budget cuts and tuition increases that they say are reducing students ' class options and increasing their expenses . Some of the demonstrations turned chaotic . In Oakland , California , police arrested 160 protesters who shut down a major freeway , according to city police spokeswoman April McFarland . The Oakland protesters had left a march from the University of California , Berkeley to Oakland City Hall and wound up on the Interstate 980/880 interchange , CNN San Francisco affiliate KGO reported . KCRA : Protesters threaten to block interstate McFarland said the protesters brought Thursday evening rush hour traffic to a halt for an hour and 45 minutes . One man is in critical condition after he tried to elude arrest by jumping off the freeway onto a tree , KGO reported . He fell from the tree onto the street below , a roughly 22 foot drop from the interchange , according to KGO . At the University of California Davis , police held back student protesters who had threatened to shut down nearby Interstate 80 , CNN affiliate KCRA in Sacramento reported . Police fired rubber bullets into the ground in an effort to deter students , who made it as far as an I-80 exit ramp just south of campus . At the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee , at least 15 people were arrested in demonstrations Thursday , according to CNN affiliate WTMJ . A University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee vice chancellor allowed a protester to drop off pamphlets in the chancellor 's office , then called campus police when dozens of protesters tried to enter the building , according to WTMJ . University police called the Milwaukee Police Department for backup , and officers spent an hour rounding up protesters . Students yelled "  Let her go ! " and "  What did he do ? " as Milwaukee police led students into their black and white vans . Across the country , students told of having to work second jobs and make lifestyle adjustments in the face of dramatic tuition hikes . "  I work at two jobs , go to school full time to make ends meet , " said Tyler , a fifth-year senior at San Francisco State University , where students and faculty protested Thursday . She did not give her last name . "  I have been here a really long time . I struggle to keep -LSB- taking -RSB- classes to be able to keep my financial aid every semester , and I really do n't know when I 'm going to be able to get out of here . Every semester , something is cut , and I ca n't get the class I need . Who knows when I will be out of here , " she said . Many of Thursday 's demonstrations focused on cuts to state-funded colleges and universities , which supporters say drive up tuition , limit classes and make higher education unobtainable to many . A blog called Student Activism , which was compiling a list of the protests , said that 122 events were scheduled in 33 states -- most on campuses , and some at state capitols . Are you taking part in protests ? Send photos , videos Professors and students say dissatisfaction , anger and an uncertain future had led to call for a "  Day of Action " to defend education . At the University of Massachusetts-Amherst , dozens of protesters gathered Thursday and chanted , "  Hey hey , ho ho , these student fees have got to go . " Video submitted from the demonstration by a CNN iReporter calling himself Bowtieguy showed students carrying handmade signs with messages like "  Where 's Holub 's pay cut ? " -- a reference to university chancellor Robert C. Holub . Another homemade sign read "  Chop from the top . " At California State University-Fullerton , dozens of students marched outdoors , chanting , "  Students united will never be divided . " A video submitted by a CNN iReporter who calls herself MelissaF showed handmade signs saying "  Protect humanities " and "  What happened to our future ? " State funding for the California State University system was reduced by nearly $ 1 billion for the academic years between 2008 and 2010 . Schools have responded by increasing fees , canceling classes , cutting student support programs and furloughing professors . Fees have increased 182 percent since 2002 . Class waiting lists have doubled or tripled . "  The less affordable education becomes , the less likely low-income students will be able to get a college education , " said Lillian Taiz , president of the California Faculty Association and professor of history at California State University Los Angeles . In addition to protests at numerous public colleges and universities in California , demonstrations also were planned for K-12 schools Thursday , according to the Student Activism blog . See where the protests are happening On the other side of the country , in Georgia , a legislative committee proposed $ 300 million in cuts to the state 's college system , on top of the $ 100 million cut in the past two years , University of Georgia President Michael F. Adams wrote in an open letter to students , faculty and staff . "  This is not our plan ; these are not cuts we offered to make ; and we will vigorously oppose any effort to implement them , " Adams wrote . In response , student organizers in Georgia are urging fellow students at every college in the state system to wear black this week to "  symbolize the ` death ' of our education , " according to a post on Facebook . In Colorado , hundreds rallied at the Capitol in Denver , holding signs and cheering . Watch students march on Colorado Capitol In New York , students at New York University , which is private , planned to meet up to protest tuition increases and education cuts with students from Hunter College and the New School , two other private institutions in Manhattan , said NYU student Claire Lewis . "  It is a private university , but like a lot of public universities , our tuition is also getting increased , " Lewis said . "  This is n't anything new with the economic crisis with us ; our tuition gets increased an average of 6 percent every year , " she said . "  But lots of our students depend on federally funded grants and loans , and so the broader-nation education cuts definitely affect us . " She added , "  Kids literally work two or three jobs to pay for their tuition here . " In Maryland , students at the University of Maryland in College Park planned to walk out of class at noon , meet at the student union and then march to a plaza for a rally , according to a Facebook invitation . CNN 's Monica Trevino and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : In Oakland , California , police reportedly arrest 160 protesters who shut down freeway At least 15 reportedly arrested in University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee demonstrations Critics say cutbacks will raise tuition , make higher education unobtainable to many Budget cuts have resulted in canceled classes , longer class waiting lists in California
CNN  -- It 's not your typical holiday travel snag . Two planes bumped into each other on the tarmac at New York 's LaGuardia International Airport around 11 a.m. Tuesday . After a hectic morning , passenger Stormie Alsruhe , 30 , was just settling into her seat on Southwest Airlines Flight 449 looking forward to enjoying her coffee . "  And then there was this bump . I look out the window and I actually see the tip of the plane  wing  falling off , " said Alsruhe , who was heading to join her husband 's family in Denver for the holidays . "  I saw it kind of dangle and it just fell . And I thought , ` OK great , we 're not taking off now , ' " she said . The wingtip of the Southwest 737 clipped an American Airlines 737 awaiting a gate at LaGuardia . There were no injuries , according to both airlines . The Southwest aircraft bound for Denver has been taken out of service for inspection and repairs , the airline said . "  The 143 customers on board  Southwest  Flight 449 deplaned the aircraft via air stairs and were  bused  to the terminal where our teams are working to get them to their destinations , " Southwest said in a statement . Alsruhe said she is flying to Denver on Tuesday afternoon on another flight . The American plane , operating as Flight 1104 , had originated from Dallas Fort-Worth . The plane was "  taxiing to its gate at LaGuardia Airport when its left horizontal stabilizer and the winglet of a moving Southwest Airlines 737 made contact , " American said in a statement . A winglet is a vertical extension of an airliner wing that is designed to save fuel . Passengers tweeted photos of the damage Tuesday . "  Plane I was on had its wing clipped , " one said . The American flight 's 143 passengers and six crew members exited the plane normally through the jet bridge , the airline said , and the plane is being inspected . Passengers on the next scheduled flight will be moved to a different plane . The Federal Aviation Administration said it will investigate the incident . The FAA said the Southwest aircraft was on Taxiway A preparing for departure while the American flight was taxiing to the gate . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said the incident did n't impact operations .	Boeing 737s bump into each other on tarmac at LaGuardia International Airport The incident involved Southwest Airlines and American Airlines flights One was taxiing toward the runway and clipped another headed toward a gate There were no injuries
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Furniture made infamous by crime scene photos shown in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor go on the auction block in Beverly Hills Saturday . The table where Jackson 's sedatives sat and the rug on which paramedics tried to revive him are among more than 500 pieces of fine art and home furnishings that filled Jackson 's rented mansion , the house where he died on June 25 , 2009 . Julien 's Auctions has been careful not to call it a Michael Jackson auction out of legal and public relations concerns , instead marketing it as by the mansion 's now-famous address -- 100 North Carolwood Drive . Jackson did not own the beds , chairs , clocks , paintings , dishes and other items , but their value may skyrocket because of the personal touch added by the pop icon and his children in the months before he died . Without the connection to Jackson , the property might bring $ 400,000 , Nolan said . But with it "  the sky 's the limit , " Julien 's Executive Director Martin Nolan said . A chalkboard left behind in Jackson 's kitchen may have cost a few hundred dollars , but what his children wrote on it makes it a very valuable object , Nolan said . The note , handwritten on the black board attached to a 26-inch-tall ceramic rooster , reads "  love Daddy / I  heart  Daddy / Smile it 's for free . " It sat in the kitchen where , according to testimony in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson would eat lunch each day with Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson . It was not known which child wrote the chalk note , but Nolan said his research suggested it was from Paris , who was 11 when her father died . Another striking piece is Victorian revival style armoire from the Jackson 's master bedroom . On the mirror , presumably where Jackson looked each day as he dressed , is a handwritten message of inspiration : "  Train , perfection March April Full out May . " The wax-pencil note is significant , considering that Jackson was battling the calendar as he prepared for his "  This Is It " concerts set to premiere in London in July 2009 . Dr. Conrad Murray 's defense lawyers argued during the trial that the intense pressure on Jackson to rehearse for the 50 shows put him in a desperate fight for sleep , which led to Dr. Murray administering the surgical anesthetic propofol nearly every night in the last two months of his life . Julien 's Auctions backed away from selling the bed in which Jackson received the fatal dose of the propofol after a personal request from his mother , Katherine Jackson , Julien 's Executive Director Martin Nolan said . The auction house 's recreation of the bedroom where Jackson died -- euphemistically called "  the medicine room " by the company -- features a bed-sized memorial covered with love notes from Jackson fans instead of the death bed . The nightstand seen next to the death bed in coroner 's photos , bearing numerous bottles of sedatives and other drugs , is for sale . the "  French occasional table " is listed for between $ 300 and $ 500 . The room-size oriental rug that covered the floor where Jackson was placed when paramedics tried to revive him is listed in the auction catalogue for between $ 400 and $ 600 . The couch and chairs where Jackson likely sat with show producers worried about his health in the days before his death are for sale . One chair in Jackson 's bedroom has a stain which Nolan suggested was make up spilled by the star as he sat in front of a mirror . None of Jackson 's relatives have expressed an interest in any of the items , Nolan said . He pointed out that they had a chance to take whatever they wanted from the house in the months after his death . The notes and posters brought to the auction house by Jackson fans and placed on the "  medicine room " memorial will be sent to Jackson 's mother and children , he said . Jackson 's relationship with Julien 's turned sour in the last months of his life when he filed a lawsuit to stop the sale of furnishings from his Neverland ranch . The singer sued the auction company , claiming he did not authorize the sale of items that were removed from Neverland after he sold the ranch . The suit was settled in April 2009 when Julien 's canceled the auction and later returned the items to Jackson .	Auction includes a chalkboard love note from Jackson 's children The bed he died in will not be sold at Jackson 's mother 's request The rug on which paramedics tried to revive Jackson is on the auction list Julien 's will auction more than 500 items from 100 North Carolwood Drive on Saturday
New York  CNN  -- Hundreds of people might have been exposed to hepatitis A while receiving communion on Christmas Day , Long Island officials said Monday . The Nassau County Department of Health is offering vaccines to those who attended two services at Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Massapequa Park in Long Island , New York , according to Nassau County Department of Health spokeswoman Mary Ellen Laurain . Individuals might be at risk if they received communion during the 10:30 am and noon Masses , according to a statement from the county health department . "  We know that there 's a potential that  exposure  could have happened , " she said . "  We think the risk is relatively low . " At least one member of the clergy involved in the communion process was infected with the disease , Laurain said . There have been no additional reports of illness . Some 1,300 people were in attendance between the two church services , she added . Symptoms of the disease include the onset of fever , fatigue , poor appetite , nausea , stomach pain , dark-colored urine and jaundice , according the statement . The disease is rarely fatal and most people recover within a few weeks without complications , it said . Individuals exposed to the disease should receive vaccination within two weeks of exposure , the statement said .	Hundreds of people might have been exposed to hepatitis A on Christmas Day Vaccines offered to attendees at Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Massapequa Park One member of clergy involved with communion process is infected Symptoms of hepatitis A include fever , fatigue , poor appetite , nausea , stomach pain
CNN  -- It was a night for underdogs at the Golden Globes -- and a particularly rich one for the biggest underdog of them all , "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Dev Patel and Freida Pinto star in "  Slumdog Millionaire , " which was named best drama at the Golden Globes . The modestly budgeted movie -- about a poverty-raised orphan in Mumbai who goes on the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " -- won awards for best drama , best director  Danny Boyle  , best screenplay  Simon Beaufoy  and best original score  A.R. Rahman  . The victories were all the more astonishing given the film 's unlikely production history , which included cobbling together a $ 15 million budget , shooting on the streets of Mumbai and then struggling for distribution . The film 's principals , including Boyle and Beaufoy , were thankful for the support of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which presents the Globes . "  Your mad , pulsating affection for our film is much appreciated , " said Boyle . Watch stars on the red carpet " "  We really were n't expecting to be here in America at all at one time , so it 's just amazing to be here , " said Beaufoy . With the film 's victories at the Critics ' Choice Awards last week , it must be considered the front-runner in the Academy Awards ' best picture race . The Academy Award nominations will be announced Thursday , January 22 . iReport.com : Sound off on awards season Another underdog , actor Mickey Rourke , won best actor in a drama for his performance in "  The Wrestler . " Rourke , who described himself as "  almost out of the business " not so long ago , gave credit to his agent for backing him and "  Wrestler " director Darren Aronofsky for sticking with him when the film had trouble finding funding . "  The Wrestler " also won a Globe for its theme song , written and sung by Bruce Springsteen . Watch Golden Globe highlights " Kate Winslet was n't considered quite as much an underdog , but she still outdid the odds by winning both categories for which she was nominated : best actress in a drama  for "  Revolutionary Road "  and best supporting actress  for "  The Reader "  . Gallery : Winners at the Globes " Perhaps she surprised herself most of all . After winning best supporting actress -- the first award of the evening -- she asked the audience , "  You have to forgive me , because I have a habit of not winning things . " After the best actress win , she took the stage in a mild state of shock . "  I 'm so sorry ! Anne , Meryl , Kristin -- oh , God , who 's the other one ? -- Angelina , " she said , referring to fellow nominees Anne Hathaway , Meryl Streep , Kristin Scott Thomas and Angelina Jolie . Not long after , being told to wrap it up , she said , "  You have no idea how much I 'm not wrapping up , " before emotionally thanking a variety of people , including co-star Leonardo DiCaprio and husband Sam Mendes , "  Road 's " director . See the list of Globe winners , nominees Another win was expected , if tinged with tragedy . The late Heath Ledger won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor for his performance as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight . " "  All of us who worked with Heath on ` The Dark Knight ' accept with an awful mixture of sadness but incredible pride , " said director Christopher Nolan . "  For any of us lucky enough to work with him , he will be eternally missed , but he will never be forgotten . " Ledger died almost a year ago of an accidental prescription drug overdose . Ledger 's performance was widely praised and he is considered the front-runner for an Academy Award for supporting actor . He was 28 when he died on January 22 , 2008 . Oscar nominations will be announced on the first anniversary of his death . Before the show , "  Knight " co-star Aaron Eckhart told CNN , "  I 'm considering it his night tonight . " The Globes also honor TV programs , and in the television categories there were few surprises . HBO 's miniseries "  John Adams , " which dominated the Emmy Awards in September with 13 trophies , won four Globes : best actor  Paul Giamatti  , best actress  Laura Linney  , best supporting actor  Tom Wilkinson  and best TV movie or miniseries . "  Mad Men " won best TV drama , as it did at the Emmys , and "  30 Rock , " another Emmy winner , won best comedy TV series . Though star Tina Fey was announced as the person to accept that award , she let co-star Tracy Morgan have the microphone . "  Tina Fey and I had an agreement that if Barack Obama won , I 'd be accepting the awards from now on , " he said . Fey later won for best TV comedy actress , joining her co-star Alec Baldwin  best TV comedy actor  as Globe winners . The Israeli film "  Waltz With Bashir " won best foreign-language film . In his speech , director Ari Folman expressed hope for peace in the Middle East . Noting the "  eight beautiful production babies " born during the show 's four-year creation , he said he hopes the children can see the film when they get older , and "  I hope it looks like an ancient video game that has nothing to do with their lives whatsoever . " Other Globe winners included Sally Hawkins , who won best actress in a musical or comedy for her performance in "  Happy-Go-Lucky " ; Colin Farrell , who took home best actor in a comedy or musical for "  In Bruges " ; "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona , " Woody Allen 's latest , which won best comedy or musical ; and "  WALL-E , " which won best animated film . For those casting metaphorical grass blades into the breeze to see which way the Oscar winds are blowing , the "  Globes " may have created front-runners in some races , confusion in others . Anne Hathaway had won a few honors for "  Rachel Getting Married , " but Winslet 's win over her at the Globes creates a tighter contest for best actress . Rourke 's victory is a feel-good story for an actor many had written off , but he may have to face Frank Langella  Richard Nixon in "  Frost/Nixon "  , Sean Penn  a highly praised Harvey Milk in "  Milk "  and Leonardo DiCaprio  Winslet 's "  Revolutionary Road " husband  for best actor . "  Milk , " in particular , received short shrift from the HFPA ; the Motion Picture Academy is expected to be kinder . The Globes ' loose atmosphere -- a trademark of the event , which features an open bar and celebrities sitting at large tables -- was evident from the beginning . Jennifer Lopez , noticing a distinct rumble of chatter as she attempted to begin the show , demanded quiet with "  Hello ! Hello ! Mama talkin ' ! " Later , Tom Wilkinson , having won a supporting actor honor for his performance in the miniseries "  John Adams , " forgot the last name of a person he wanted to thank . There were even a couple of TV no-nos on the live broadcast : "  Wrestler " director Aronofsky humorously flashed Rourke a middle finger as Rourke talked about how hard Aronofsky worked the cast , and one of the "  Slumdog " producers uttered the F-word upon seeing he was being rushed through his speech . It was the kind of party people have come to expect from the Globes , a show in which Jack Nicholson once bared his backside and Christine Lahti once was engaged in the ladies ' room upon being named a winner . And , if throwing a glamorous party in these nervous , market-plunging times seems a little unusual , it 's also something Tinseltown does well -- and that people are expecting , participants said before the broadcast . "  I think these things are entertainment , " Mendes told CNN . "  This is people 's escapism . ... I think in that respect they should be embraced . "	"  Slumdog Millionaire " wins best drama ; nets four total wins Mickey Rourke wins best actor in a drama for "  The Wrestler " Kate Winslet wins two Golden Globes -- one for actress , another for supporting Heath Ledger wins best supporting actor for "  The Dark Knight "
After three years of avoiding it , President Barack Obama finds himself being pushed toward military action in Syria . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey both made clear that defeating Islamic State jihadists ' rampage through northern Iraq would require going after them in neighboring Syria . "  That will have to be addressed on both sides of what is essentially at this point a non-existent border , " Dempsey told reporters Thursday . On Friday , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said the administration was looking beyond the current airstrikes within Iraq 's borders . "  If we see plotting against Americans , see a threat to the United States emanating from anywhere , we stand ready to take action against that threat , " Rhodes told reporters . The United States is already gathering intelligence on the locations of ISIS leadership and troops in Syria , two U.S. officials said . Separately , U.S. officials said the military has been talking about increasing airstrikes in Iraq and possibly carrying out tailored airstrikes inside Syria against ISIS targets . ISIS savagery The ISIS fighters are helping Obama make his case with their savagery , which includes mass killings , abductions and other atrocities , such as the video-taped beheading of captured American journalist James Foley . Brother : ` More ... could have been done ' to save James Foley But the President , who has declined to arm rebels fighting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , faces a policy change certain to embolden critics in both parties of his reticence back then . Obama had avoided what he called reckless interventions of the past , particularly the Iraq War , launched by his predecessor . Critics could argue that Obama 's decision to previously keep out of the Syrian conflict contributed to ISIS ' growth . His former secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , has distanced herself from him on Syria strategy during his first term as she prepares for a possible presidential run in 2016 . Legal barrier evaporated The Obama administration has acknowledged sending U.S. forces into Syria earlier this year in a failed attempt to free Foley . That established a precedent of acting in Syria to protect U.S. citizens and interests , superseding any legal considerations such as being asked by the host government to enter , argued Frederic Hof , Obama 's former point man on Syria . "  There 's a pretty good possibility that we and/or some kind of multinational effort will engage in hitting ISIS targets inside Syria , " he said . Iraq escalation Obama already escalated U.S. military involvement in Iraq to combat ISIS less than three years after ending a lengthy war there . In June , he sent military advisers to work with Iraqi and Kurdish forces against the lightning ISIS sweep through the north . Earlier this month , the President authorized limited airstrikes on ISIS targets and sent additional advisers to Iraq to protect U.S. personnel and minority groups threatened by the Sunni extremists . Hagel emphasized the ISIS threat on Thursday . "  They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess . They are tremendously well-funded , " he told reporters . "  This is beyond anything that we 've seen . " Broad-based approach Hagel and Dempsey also said that defeating ISIS requires a broad-based approach that includes forging an international coalition and better governance in Iraq and Syria to build public opposition to the extremists . "  Political reform will make it harder for  ISIS  to exploit sectarian divisions , " Hagel said . The United States and other powers will shore up Iraq at the same time . The United States should build a coalition against ISIS that includes regional countries such as Turkey , Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates , Qatar and Jordan that can contribute air power -- much of it provided by America , Hof said . "  All agree at some level or another that ISIS presents a threat , " he noted . Risky move U.S. bombs exploding in Syria also would allow Islamic extremists to argue that America remains an imperialist bully . That could play into ISIS ' hands . "  You have an adversary that is so proud of its accomplishments and so driven by its ideology that they want to appear on the world stage as our peer , " said Philip Mudd , a former CIA counterterrorism official . Strikes could boost their fund raising and recruiting . At the same time , Mudd says , if the United States wants to really hurt ISIS , it has to strike at its base -- which is Syria . But that also could empower al-Assad , who has long dismissed the uprising against his leadership as a fight against terrorists , Hof said . Until now , al-Assad has allowed ISIS to grow in Syria because it joins his government in fighting the anti-government forces . However , ISIS fighters have taken over rebel-held territory and even some government-held areas , causing al-Assad to launch airstrikes against them in some places . Al-Assad 's strategy "  This is basically two criminal gangs who often in effect collaborate but now have a difference over real money over who controls oil fields and the like , " Hof said of the relationship between al-Assad and ISIS . Wiping out the Syrian opposition would leave only ISIS and al-Assad , who would then position himself to the West as the lesser of two evils and an ally in fighting the jihadists , Hof said . American public opinion Intervention abroad has become unpopular with many Americans , weary from long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Obama "  needs to reassure people that this effort does not presage boots on the ground or some kind of repeat of the Iraq experience , " Hof said . Rhodes called Obama "  very deliberate toward the use of force . " "  The American people also understand that there 's some threats that have to be dealt with , " he said . Who is the ISIS ? Where are they ?	The U.S. is gathering intel on the locations of ISIS leadership in Syria , officials say Ex-CIA official : ISIS is empowered when U.S. calls out , attacks them Administration officials leave open the possibility of airstrikes on ISIS in Syria Official : President Obama wo n't be "  restricted by borders " in response to ISIS
CNN  -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Defense Secretary Robert Gates helped usher in the next chapter for the United States in Iraq on Wednesday , presiding over a ceremony launching a new military operation designed to train , assist and advise the Iraqis . The ceremony , held at Al Faw Palace in Baghdad , marked the conclusion of the U.S. combat mission dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom and the transfer to the assistance mission , named Operation New Dawn . Army Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III replaced Gen. Raymond T. Odierno as commander of U.S. Forces-Iraq in the changeover , held at one of the many palaces of late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein -- whose regime was ousted from power in the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . Biden said Operation Iraqi Freedom is over , but promised that "  American engagement with Iraq will continue " with the new stability mission . "  This change of mission , to state the obvious , would never have been possible without the resolve and tremendous sacrifice and competence of our military -- the finest , if our Iraqi friends will forgive us , the finest fighting force in the world , and I would argue the finest fighting force that ever has existed , " Biden said . He acknowledged the pain Iraqis endured during the long war , saying tens of thousands of troops and civilians died , and many more were wounded and displaced . However , he said , "  I believe that their darkest days are now behind them . " Noting the divided opinion toward the war in the United States , he said people from both parties had always backed the troops for their "  extraordinary service " after "  a high-speed invasion that toppled a tyrant became a grinding struggle against violent extremists . " "  Our fighting men and women were given a mission in Iraq that was as complicated as any in our history , an assignment that taught us that war is the realm of uncertainty , " he said . "  Troops steeped in military doctrine were asked to deal with challenges ranging from electricity to unemployment , currency exchange to trash collection . " The vice president also praised the new electoral system in Iraq , urging political parties there to settle their differences and form a government soon . "  Iraqis have cast their lot as well as their ballots for a better future , " he said . Biden highlighted Gates ' contributions , saying the defense secretary 's decision to serve under both Republican and Democratic administrations during the war is a testament to his patriotism . Odierno , who said Iraqi security forces are ready to take the lead there , recalled the wartime period as one of Iraqi heroism . "  This period in Iraq 's history will probably be remembered for sacrifice , resiliency and change . However , I remember it as a time in which the Iraqi people stood up against tyranny , terrorism and extremism , and decided to determine their own destiny , as a people and as a democratic state , " he said . As Biden did , Odierno urged Iraqi political blocs to form a government , which has yet to be established since elections six months ago . "  It is time for Iraq to move forward , " Odierno said . Odierno said a democratic Iraq "  can become an engine for peace and stability " in the Middle East . "  We can no longer dwell on our past accomplishments , but must remain focused on the tremendous opportunity at hand . Iraq has always played a vital role in this uncertain part of the globe , " he said . Austin said Iraq still faces hostile threats from insurgents working to undermine the country . But he said that "  the past few years in Iraq have been marked by steady progress " and he envisions a "  stable , secure and unified Iraq . " "  Operation New Dawn marks the next phase of an enduring relationship " between the United States and Iraq , he said . While the U.S. combat mission is ending , roughly 50,000 American troops will remain in the country until the end of 2011 for the assistance mission . When asked Wednesday if the United States is still at war in Iraq , Gates responded , "  No , we 're not . " Gates added it is up to historians to determine whether the war was worth it . Along with U.S. political and military dignitaries , Iraqi officials -- including Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani , Defense Minister Mohammed Abdul Qader al-Obeidi and the Kurdish region 's Prime Minister Barham Saleh -- attended the ceremony . The U.S. combat mission in Iraq officially ended at 5 p.m. ET Tuesday . The drawdown and end to the U.S. combat phase marks a new page in what has been a controversial seven-year conflict . Weapons of mass destruction , a major justification by the Bush administration for going to war , were never found . Saddam Hussein was toppled , along with his massive Baghdad statue , but sectarian violence soon erupted . On Tuesday night , U.S. President Barack Obama addressed Americans about the transition in a televised speech . "  The United States has paid a huge price to put the future of Iraq in the hands of its people , " Obama said from the Oval Office . "  We have sent our young men and women to make enormous sacrifices in Iraq , and spent vast resources abroad at a time of tight budgets at home . We have persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people -- a belief that out of the ashes of war , a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization . " The war in Iraq has claimed the lives of more than 4,400 U.S. troops . Obama said he was "  awed " by the sacrifices of service members and their families and that the U.S. has met its responsibility . "  Operation Iraqi Freedom is over , and the Iraqi people now have lead responsibility for the security of their country , " Obama said . "  We have removed nearly 100,000 U.S. troops from Iraq . We have closed or transferred hundreds of bases to the Iraqis . And we have moved millions of pieces of equipment out of Iraq . " Before Obama 's speech , some Republicans had urged him to acknowledge that the 2007 U.S. troop surge in Iraq ordered by then-President George W. Bush had worked . Obama , as a U.S. senator and candidate for the presidency , had opposed it . Obama , who spoke with Bush in a phone call earlier in the day , did not mention the former president 's role in the surge . Meanwhile , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , delivered a speech Tuesday suggesting Bush deserves more credit for reaching this milestone . "  You might recall that the surge was n't very popular when it was announced , " McConnell said . "  You might also recall that one of its biggest critics was the current president . So it makes it easier to talk about fulfilling a campaign promise to wind down our operations in Iraq when the previous administration signs the security agreement with Iraq to end our overall presence there . " Obama said the most urgent matter now is restoring the economy and "  putting millions of Americans who have who have lost their jobs back to work . " To strengthen the middle class , he said , "  we must give all our children the education they deserve , and all our workers the skills that they need to compete in a global economy . " Obama 's emphasis on the economy appears to dovetail with the mood of the American public . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll earlier this month , 56 percent of respondents said the economy would be extremely important to their vote for Congress this year . Fewer than four in 10 said that the wars in Iraq or Afghanistan were extremely important to them . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dan Lothian , Dana Bash , Jason Hanna and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Odierno notes Iraqi fight against tyranny NEW : Iraqi officials attended the ceremony NEW : Biden : "  High-speed invasion " became struggle against extemists
