Indianapolis , Indiana  CNN  -- Richard Lugar 's landslide loss in Tuesday 's Indiana Republican primary is n't just a 36-year veteran getting tossed out of office before he wanted to go . It 's also the latest blow to the political center in an increasingly polarized Senate . Indiana Senate race tighter after Lugar 's defeat Already , nearly half a dozen moderate senators in both parties are retiring this year . Some , such as Republican Olympia Snowe of Maine , made clear in her surprise announcement earlier this year she 's leaving because she can no longer stand the partisanship and inability to get things done . Snowe retirement a blow to Senate 's ` sensible center ' Two years ago , several centrist Republicans were toppled by tea party-backed candidates . In the case of Lugar , his opponent , Richard Mourdock , argued successfully to Indiana GOP voters that Lugar , a moderate , too often supported President Barack Obama 's agenda . Mourdock , who won with support from tea party-aligned groups from around the country , advocates confrontation over compromise . "  What I 've said is , and what I continue to believe , certainly , is one side or the other must prevail , and I 'm hoping this candidacy will help move the Republican Party forward to become a permanent majority , " Mourdock told CNN on Election Day . In the face of his defeat , Lugar told CNN that "  people do n't understand the legislative process . " To get things done , he said , you have to compromise . "  Some people say , well , we do understand it , and by golly , we 're going to wait until we have majorities in both houses , the White House , where there 's two years , four years , six years , but the country has to keep going in the meanwhile , " Lugar said . As Lugar left his election night headquarters after giving his concession speech , the 80-year-old senator instructed campaign aides to distribute a statement that was quite extraordinary in the annals of politics . It was partly a detailed defense of his ill-fated and often maligned campaign strategy and partly a stark warning to both parties about the divisive state of American politics , starting with Mourdock . "  His embrace of an unrelenting partisan mindset is irreconcilable with my philosophy of governance and my experience of what brings results for Hoosiers in the Senate . In effect , what he has promised in this campaign is reflexive votes for a rejectionist orthodoxy and rigid opposition to the actions and proposals of the other party , " Lugar wrote . He also said if Republicans continue to make it difficult for legislators to find compromise , "  we will be relegated to minority status . Parties do n't succeed for long if they stop appealing to voters who may disagree with them on some issues . " Lugar 's parting words : Part defense , part warning But U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , a Republican swept into office on the tea party wave two years ago , suggested Lugar 's harsh words for many in his party were mostly about his own personal loss . "  These elections are tough battles , and people probably have hard feelings when they do n't win . But the fact of the matter is that people like me -- and I think also people like Richard Mourdock , people that actually had tea party support -- we love this country . We are so concerned about the fact that we are burdening our children , grandchildren with debt that is simply unsustainable , " Johnson told CNN . Though most senators willing to cross party lines are either gone , or in the case of Sen. Orrin Hatch , moved enough toward the base of their party to stay alive , there are a few exceptions . Scott Brown is one . To win in Democratic Massachusetts , the Republican plays up crossing party lines , in this new ad called "  Independent . " It features a clip from CBS 's "  60 Minutes " describing Brown as "  unpredictably independent , and beholden to no one . " The problem for Lugar is he tried that in his Republican primary in the red state of Indiana . It may have worked in times gone by , but in 2012 politics , his argument that he reaches across the aisle was a negative for Lugar , something he lamented in the face of his landslide loss . "  We have been a factor in pulling people together so we reach decisions . The public as a whole may be unhappy with one party or the other , but they 're very unhappy with the Congress as a whole for their inability to make decisions , " Lugar said . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Richard Lugar 's primary defeat is the latest blow to the political center in the U.S. Senate Nearly half a dozen moderate senators in both parties are retiring this year Richard Mourdock , who defeated Lugar , advocates confrontation over compromise After conceding defeat , Lugar slammed Mourdock 's approach
CNN  -- A French Red Cross official abducted by militants in Yemen has been freed , according to a statement from the International Committee of the Red Cross . Benjamin Malbrancke had been kidnapped the evening of April 21 about 30 kilometers outside the western municipality of Hodeida , while traveling in a Red Cross vehicle . "  We are relieved and extremely happy to have our colleague back with us , in good health . His return marks the end of many long , hard days , full of anxiety for him and his family , as well as for the team here in Yemen and for his friends , " said Eric Marclay , who heads the ICRC operations in Yemen . "  We would like to express our deep gratitude to all those who have lent us their support during these long weeks , so that Benjamin can now look forward to soon rejoining his family . " Malbrancke had been traveling with two Yemeni drivers , who were also taken but then released unharmed . Kidnappings are common in Yemen , which has been beset by political turbulence for more than a year . Protests led to the departure of President Ali Abdullah Saleh from office , and the government has battled Islamic militants .	A French Red Cross official abducted by militants in Yemen has been freed , the ICRC says Benjamin Malbrancke was kidnapped the evening of April 21 about 30 kilometers outside Hodeida Malbrancke was traveling with two Yemeni drivers , who were also taken but then released unharmed Kidnappings are common in Yemen
CNN  -- More than 60,000 people have now been infected with cholera in Zimbabwe , according to the World Health Organization  WHO  . Tendani Baloyi , 4 , gets treated for cholera in Musina , on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa . Latest figures released Friday from the organization also show that 3,161 people have died from the disease since August 2008 . In December , WHO spokesman Paul Garwood told CNN the organization an estimated 60,000 people would be infected with cholera in the "  worst case scenario . " But that number now stands at 60,401 and shows no sign of abating the agency said . The WHO , a Geneva , Switzerland-based organization , said "  drastic action , " was now needed to curb one of the world 's largest outbreaks of cholera . The UN agency called for "  political differences to be put aside " and for international intervention to deal with the crisis . "  We are dealing with an extraordinary public health crisis that requires from us all an extraordinary public health emergency response , and this must happen now before the outbreak causes more needless suffering and death , " the WHO 's Dr Eric Laroche said on its Web site . "  Political differences need to be put aside , economic barriers overcome , health services in the country 's periphery strengthened and community awareness to respond enhanced to save many more people from dying due to a disease that can be readily prevented and treated , " he added . Since August , the cholera epidemic has swept through a country wracked with a political and economic crises . It has also coincided with a nearly five-month-long strike by doctors and nurses who are demanding salaries in foreign currency . Cholera is an intestinal disease caused by bacteria in contaminated water . The epidemic has been aggravated by erratic water supplies , shortages of water purification chemicals , broken water and sewer pipes and uncollected garbage from a waste-disposal system that has collapsed . Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe . In early December , President Robert Mugabe 's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency , paving the way for aid from international groups such as Oxfam , Doctors Without Borders , W.H.O. , the U.N. Children 's Fund and USAID . But that assistance has not yet improved the situation , and the disease has spread to new areas since then . "  The problem in Zimbabwe is that the infrastructure is obsolete , especially when it comes to water sanitation . People are going for months without tap water in towns , " said Peter Hinn , the director of a German group called Welt Hunger Hilfe  World Hunger Help  , which is helping to fight cholera in Zimbabwe . "  In rural areas , 60 to 70 percent of boreholes  wells  are not working . So the international community might have come in but they have to address this infrastructure . " Zimbabwe was already suffering an enormous economic crisis , with a hyperinflationary economy and shortages of all essentials including food , fuel , cash , foreign currency and electricity . The country 's rainy season peaks in January or February and ends in late March , and Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned the epidemic could get worse during that time as runoff from the rains spreads the bacteria to other rivers , streams and wells . Mugabe declared in mid-December that the cholera epidemic had slowed , but health experts differed with him and the latest figures seem to contradict his statement .	World Health Organization reveals number of cholera cases is more than 60,000 Health experts believe the disease is not under control or slowing No sanitation or clean water , piles of garbage help spread disease President announced disease down , but numbers belie that statement
Oprah.com  -- My childhood home-four-bedroom colonial in a Washington , D.C. , suburb-had an exquisite exterior . But inside there was too much furniture crowding every room ; too many Sears receipts spilling from end tables with too many drawers ; too many televisions , with their confusing array of remotes , making too much noise ; too many boxes of yellow cake mix aging in the overstuffed pantry ; too many shoes and coats crammed into the hall closet , making it impossible to find the ones I needed in a hurry . Do n't get me wrong : Ours was never one of those unsanitary houses you see on hoarding shows . It was just uncomfortably full , like a belly straining against a belt while its owner made room for one more pie and seven more mini-muffins . The problem was my mother , who had trouble parting with anything she thought someone she loved might someday need from her  in other words , anything  . My father vacillated between resister and accomplice . In my more enlightened moments , I imagine that if I had grown up as they did , in a poor village in Pakistan , I , too , might have held on a little too tightly once fortune finally favored me . But as a child , I felt as though I were drowning . I remember coming home from school to find things in my closet-wrapping paper , extra blankets-that did n't belong there . In protest , I 'd toss these intruders into the hall . Then as now , clutter had a physical effect on me . The sight of knickknacks caused my left shoulder to rise and fall , tic-like , as if trying to shake something off . Oprah.com : Break your bad habits for good Since leaving home for college , I 've been making up for lost space . The home I currently share with my two sons looks from the outside like the one I grew up in-gorgeous redbrick , huge yard-but inside , there are no walk-in closets . No kitchen pantry . And gloriously , no garage . There are no coffee tables , because with them comes coffee-table clutter . No televisions , because their sidekicks are remote controls and piles of DVDs . If a decorator walked through my home , she 'd recommend an ottoman here and there , a decorative accessory for the hallway , or end tables to cradle the telephones that sit on the hardwood floor in front of the jacks . She 'd suggest art for my untouched walls . She might wonder why there 's no dining table in the dining room . It 's not that I dislike decorations ; I truly admire beautifully appointed homes . My laundry room holds tightly taped boxes full of mementos from my travels . I just ca n't figure out how to put them up without turning into a woman who has animal statues flanking her front door . I fear that if I start , my DNA strands-with their broken C gene-might eventually strangle me , leaving me writhing in a pile of throw pillows . Surely children of alcoholics are just as careful about taking that first drink . Oprah.com : What Oprah knows for sure about finding the fullest expression of yourself Though my home is empty of the extraneous , it never feels empty enough . I frequently walk around with a cardboard box hunting for donation targets . For me , de-cluttering is an itch that pleads , then demands , to be scratched . If something 's not being used this very moment , or on the cusp of being used , it 's out . There 's no ill-fitting clothing in my home , save the two onesies I held on to from my sons ' baby days-and one small box of prepregnancy pants that keep me jogging . I purge my closet seasonally , tossing anything that is n't earning its keep . What have you done for me lately , red sweater ? When they 've sat unused too long , mocking me , I 've evicted my hair dryer , curling iron , patio furniture , any coffee mug with words on it , and my broiler pan . I understand that most ovens come with a broiler pan . What I do n't understand is , why ? Why do n't we get a choice in the matter ? I have no baking pans , either . In an emergency , tinfoil is quite foldable and durable . I adore items with multiple uses , especially paper towels . In my house , these magic little squares moonlight as dinner napkins , place mats , sponges , dishrags , sometimes toilet paper , and , occasionally , ambitiously , maxipads . But even paper towels I can not stand to stock up on . Since I discovered Amazon 's Subscribe & Save service , they arrive on my doorstep monthly , in a perfectly synchronized dance of use and replacement . One thing I 've been unable to get rid of is the outdoor garbage can that my home 's previous residents left behind . Do you know how hard it is to throw away a trash can ? I 've tried cute notes with smiley faces ; I 've stuck the can inside my own , but the garbage collectors refuse to take the thing . It grates on me daily to see that green monstrosity leaning against my house . Sometimes I force myself to use it , to justify its existence . To me , making do with less-almost to the point of deprivation-feels like a slightly demented badge of honor , a silent scream that says , Look , Mom , no extras ! But more often than I 'd like to admit , it turns out that I actually do need an item that I 've given away , and I 'm forced to repurchase it . Two years ago , I donated my treadmill because I joined a gym . A year later , I quit the gym because I was n't spending enough time there-and paid $ 1,400 for a new treadmill . Two springs ago , I donated my space heaters to my children 's school , because ... well , it was n't cold anymore . As it turned out , the frost returned the following winter , and I had to shell out $ 70 a piece for four new heaters . I once donated a Pakistani cookbook to Goodwill because I had the distressing feeling there might be another one somewhere in my house . I realized later that I 'd written some family recipes on the back , so I had to repurchase my own book . Oprah.com : Organizing solutions for every room My greatest de-cluttering challenges are Zain , 11 , and Zach , 8 , who adore useless stuff just as much as I abhor it . On some days , I fantasize about tossing all their toys and books and papers , the daily avalanche that flows from their backpacks . It 's a pipe dream I know I will regret entertaining once they are grown . And grow they will , into men who will tell their balanced , bewildered wives that their mom never let them bring home stuffed animals or pogo sticks or water guns from their grandparents ' house . They 'll recount that they owned one pair of sneakers at a time , plus dress shoes for holidays , because I did n't want the hall closet cluttered . That their desire to display Lego creations and chess trophies buttressed against my obsessive resistance to blemished surfaces . "  I ca n't stand so much stuff everywhere , " I recently blurted , surveying the four books and magic wand strewn atop Zach 's nightstand . "  Stand it , Mom , "  he replied , not unkindly . Zain , meanwhile , defiantly displays a framed photo of his fourth-grade Wizard of Oz cast party on his desk . I once hid it in the laundry room , hoping he would forget about it . A year later , I felt guilty enough to return it to him . Now he is lobbying to put up a Harry Potter poster . I have engineered a compromise : He can put up whatever he wants , but on the inside of his closet doors . Oprah.com : 3 smart new ways to kick pessimism to the curb Occasionally , I worry that I 'm depriving my sons of the same sense of control over their environment that I longed for as a child . I cringe at the thought that they might not want to come home for spring break to a house with no television to watch the hockey game on , and no coffee table to prop their feet on while they watch it . My former husband , who recycled himself two years ago , never shared my fear of clutter but kindly kept his collection of African masks at the office . The first thing I noticed about his new digs was the decorative table that existed solely to display photos of our boys : dozens of pictures of their fully frame-worthy faces . He also had flat-screen TVs . For a moment , I admired his ability to balance his own aesthetics with the needs of others . I doubted that , with his full larders and healthy attitude , he 'd ever have trouble drawing anyone into his home to lean against a throw pillow and watch the game . Then I retreated to my own gloriously uncluttered home , whose clarity rises up to embrace me as I enter the front door . I picked up a stray sneaker and admired a drawing poking out from a backpack . Eventually I sat , with a mug of coffee that had no words on it , on a couch with just enough pillows to make a decent nest . I thought about how lucky I am to live in this perfect , unencumbered space with my two perfect , if cluttery , children . I thought about how everything in this house is here because of a carefully considered decision . Myself included . Ironically , I 've lived for the past two years in my parents ' real estate clutter , an extra home in a great school district they purchased when I was 3 and held on to for the absurd reason that someday , someone they loved might need it . Oprah.com : 10 things you can officially stop worrying about Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Her childhood with a hoarder mother has defined a dramatic decluttering lifestyle Her greatest de-cluttering challenges are her sons Zain , 11 , and Zach , 8 She worries her fear of clutter is depriving her sons a sense of control over their environment
CNN  -- After a fraught buildup and the razzmatazz of the opening ceremony , the real action gets underway Monday at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi . Going for gold will be around 5,000 athletes from 71 countries , competing over the next 11 days in 17 sports . Eight gold medals will be awarded today ; one in gymnastics , two in weightlifting and five in swimming , with English swimmer Rebecca Adlington expected to add to her Olympic gold medal won in Beijing in 2008 . At the end of the competition it 's the usual suspects of Australia , England and Canada that are expected to top the medal table , while hosts India are hoping to at least secure fourth place , as they have in the last two competitions in Melbourne and Manchester . India 's sole gold medallist from the Beijing Olympic Games , Abhinav Bindra , who carried the flag at the opening ceremony , will also be carrying the weight of the nation 's expectations of securing gold on home turf . Read more : India hope for glow after gloom On Wednesday the fireworks and dancers from the opening ceremony at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium will give way to track and field athletes , but there will be a few notable absentees . A lower back problem has prevented Jamaican sprint superstar Usain Bolt , the world record holder over 100m and 200m , from competing . South Africa 's 19-year-old world 800m champion Caster Semenya did not make it to the Indian capital also because of injury . The need to rest and recover after a long season has been the reason other medal favorites have given for missing the Games . Former sprint world record holder Asafa Powell , pentathlete Jessica Ennis and distance runner Mo Farah have decided against traveling to Delhi . Visit the official Commonwealth Games site Others however wo n't be appearing for personal reasons . England 's Olympic Triple Jump medallist in the Triple Jump announced on Twitter that he decided not to travel to the Games because of safety concerns . South African long-jumper Khotso Mokoena who won silver at the Olympic Games in Beijing was passed fit by South Africa 's medical team but reportedly refused to join the team flying to the Indian capital . While some countries like Australia have hired private security companies and will be guarded by Australian federal police , an estimated 100,000 police and security personnel will be protecting the 17 competition venues as well as other Games-related sites . As well as athletics and other Olympic events , squash , lawn bowls and rugby sevens make up the sports at the Games . The Games organizing committee will be hoping sporting excellence can dominate headlines over the next two weeks instead of the state of the sporting facilities and health and safety worries .	Commonwealth Games begins in Delhi will five medal events in swimming Some big names in athletics , like Usain Bolt , will be missing because of injury Around 5,000 athletes from 71 countries will compete over 11 days
CNN  Sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom . But Gaioz Nigalidze 's ideas from the loo were a little too good . The Georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone , which was logged onto a chess analysis app , the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said . Nigalidze 's opponent , Tigran Petrosian of Armenia , grew suspicious when Nigalidze kept bolting to the restroom . "  The Armenian noticed the Georgian was oddly frequenting the toilet after each move during a crucial part of the game , " the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said . When officials first checked Nigalidze , they did n't find any device on him , the club said . But after looking into the bathroom stall he visited , they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper . At first , Nigalidze claimed the smartphone was n't his , the Dubai chess organization said . But the phone was logged on to a social media network under his account . "  They also found his game being analyzed in one of the chess applications , " the chess club said . The infraction has been reported to the International Chess Federation . The Dubai tournament 's chief arbiter , Mahdi Abdul Rahim , said players found guilty of cheating will be suspended for three years from all sanctioned tournaments and up to 15 years for a repeated offense , the chess and culture club said . But this would n't be an isolated case of cheating in high-stakes chess matches . In 2008 , an Iranian player was banned from the Dubai Open after getting help from someone who was watching the game 's live broadcast and was sending suggestions via text messages , the Dubai chess club said . Nigalidze 's resume includes victories in the 2013 and 2014 Georgian Chess Championships . It 's not clear how many times he went to the bathroom during those matches .	Gaioz Nigalidze is banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament Officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper That phone had a chess analysis application open , officials say
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro announced on Monday that the Communist Party will hold a long-delayed congress next April as the country struggles to reshape its Soviet economic model . There has n't been a congress since 1997 . Castro postponed one scheduled for the end of 2009 so the government could focus on preventing a full-blown economic crisis . Castro made the announcement alongside Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez at an activity to renew a social and economic pact between the two countries . The congress will also be important because it will determine if Fidel Castro will stay on as the head of the Communist Party , - the only legal party in Cuba . He stepped down in 2006 and has renounced all other titles . This will be the party 's sixth congress since Fidel Castro seized power in 1959 . The meetings are used to set policy .	Cuba 's last Communist Party congress was in 1997 The meetings are used to set policy The congress also will determine if Fidel Castro will stay on has head of the party He renounced all other government titles after stepping down in 2006
CNN  -- Joe Palese took his first yoga class in the 1990s , right as the practice began gaining in popularity in the United States . "  They did n't even have any yoga mats , " he said , recalling the New York sports club that offered the class . It was n't until Palese started taking classes at yoga studios that he realized a lot of the previous sessions were "  watered down " versions of yoga . The loose interpretation was n't bothersome ; yoga by definition is a diverse practice with more than a dozen different styles . But as Palese remembers , some of the poses the inexperienced teachers were demonstrating were simply not right . "  The instructors were cool people , and they 'd play good music , but students did n't know they were being taught poorly , " said Palese , who became a yoga instructor himself 14 years ago . And , according to author and New York Times science writer William J. Broad , some of the common yoga poses can cause serious injuries like nerve damage , torn cartilage , and strokes , among others . An article adapted from Broad 's upcoming book on yoga featured in the New York Times Sunday Magazine earlier this month with the title "  How Yoga Can Wreck Your Body , " sparked a lively debate within the yoga community about how to keep practitioners safe . In the article , Broad noted that yoga is a "  free-for-all " with "  no hierarchy of officials or organization to ensure purity and adhere to agreed-upon sets of facts and poses , rules and procedures , outcomes and benefits . " Broad is correct -- there is n't a government oversight committee dedicated to yoga practice . And that 's because many practitioners prefer it that way . "  Yoga comes from India . Things are not uniform by tradition , " said Gyandev McCord , who has taught yoga for 25 years . In an effort to provide a common ground for the diverse practice of yoga , a group of seasoned yoga practitioners -- "  yogis " -- came together in 1999 to form the Yoga Alliance , a nonprofit organization whose sole purpose is to create minimum standards for yoga teacher training . Fearing government or insurance companies might step in and start calling the shots , the alliance set forth to self-regulate , said McCord , who is the co-founder and vice chairman of the organization . It is for yogis , by yogis . After all , McCord said , those "  who do n't understand the landscape of yoga are n't qualified " to regulate the standards for teaching . Anyone trained by schools registered with the Yoga Alliance completes 200 or 500 hours of training , based on the following five principles : yoga techniques , including poses , breathing and meditation ; general teaching methodology ; anatomy and physiology ; yoga philosophy and ethics ; and training , practicum , and supervised teaching , in which senior instructors observe trainees to identify and correct any issues . McCord said the five principles allow for "  a lot of wiggle room , " and aim to protect and promote the teacher 's individuality . Once trained , the instructors are certified by their school and their names are listed on a registry that informs the public of teachers in their area who have completed the minimum standards for yoga instruction . Yoga Alliance-trained teachers may also use the trademarked "  RYT " -- registered yoga teacher -- behind their name , indicating they 've completed the required hours . Not all members of the yoga community are on board with this approach , however . Leslie Kaminoff , co-founder of the Breathing Project , a nonprofit that provides continuing education to yoga practitioners , disagrees with yoga regulation of any kind . He believes in a free market approach to regulations for yoga teacher training . "  Yoga is about freedom , " he said , "  The market place is the ultimate quality control . " Yoga instruction , he said , is about a relationship between a teacher and a student . If a teacher is trained to teach yoga on the Internet or by a DVD at home and the student is fine with it , it 's really nobody 's business . McCord said he has no problem with that approach . "  It 's not illegal to teach without training as a teacher , " he said . But Palese is more wary . He believes that learning how to align properly is something that needs an "  expert eye , " one that ca n't be achieved by watching a DVD . "  Anyone can tell you what to do , it 's explaining how to do it , " he said . And that is what separates effective teachers from the rest , according to Palese . "  It 's alignment with awareness , " he said . Palese trains teachers at a studio where he teaches in suburban Atlanta . His 200-hour training class meets one weekend a month for 10 months , a long stretch of time imperative to the teaching process . "  You need time for information to settle , " Palese said . Since yoga instruction is far more complex than just leading students to do poses , Palese said he reserves the right to extend the training past 10 months if needed . He wants to give his new teachers whatever time they need to assimilate the information so that they can feel confident teaching others . "  It 's the integrity and the awareness that the teacher brings to class that is most important , " Palese said . Palese said successful teachers are committed to the safety for their students and will provide suggestions for modification , as well as props like belts , blankets and blocks to make those modifications . A willingness to adapt the practice for different audiences and environments helps too . "  I 've taught yoga in the oddest of places , " he said . Good teachers "  can teach yoga in an auditorium , a prison , a hospital . " They "  can transform the whole thing just by who they are . "	A recent New York Times Magazine article created shock waves in the yoga community Titled "  How Yoga Can Wreck Your Body , " the author claimed yoga can cause serious injuries There 's no formal oversight of yoga , and most instructors prefer it that way Many yoga practitioners disagree on whether teachers should be formally trained
CNN  -- Hari and Karl Berzins decided to build a tiny home for their family in Virginia 's Blue Ridge Mountains to free themselves of the financial burden of owning a large home . They knew that moving two children , a dog and a cat into a 168-square foot space would be a challenge , though it would also eliminate the need for a mortgage and cut their utility costs . But they did n't expect it to completely change their lives , Hari Berzins said . The savings allowed the 39-year-old mother to scale back her hours working for a nonprofit and spend more time on the family 's 3-acre hillside property in Floyd , Virginia , she said . She now has more time to pursue her passion for writing , gardening , raising chickens and , most importantly , to enjoy her kids . Her husband , a chef , was able to leave a stressful restaurant and take a pay cut to work in a more creative environment . iReporters share stories of living in small spaces The perks go beyond saving money or having a smaller environmental footprint , though both are huge benefits , Hari Berzins said . There 's also the intangible delight derived from cooking in a kitchen where everything is within arms ' reach , or eating off the beautiful china set that was locked in a cabinet when they lived in a 1,500-square foot home , she said . "  Living mortgage-free has given us the freedom to make decisions based on what will make us happy , not what we have to do to pay the mortgage , " Berzins said in a CNN iReport . "  The things we have are beautiful , enriching our tiny space . We got rid of so much and kept the beautiful things , " she said . "  Freeing ourselves from consumer debt and living mortgage-free has cleared the clutter to help us see what is truly important : our relationships , our happiness , each moment . " The Berzins are part of a small contingent of homeowners who have found solace living in less than 500 square feet . Many of them live in homes built on trailers so they can move around ; others , like the Berzins , live on property they own . Others live in Cob homes built of clay and mica . Some are motivated by a desire to lessen their carbon footprint while others want to own a home without worrying about property taxes . Small homes are n't for everybody , but those who embrace the lifestyle tend to become their most enthusiastic boosters . Most of the iReporters who shared their stories of living small with CNN.com also build tiny homes or run businesses dedicated to helping others build their own . The small home movement has been around for years in small cities and rural areas , but this summer , it made a big incursion into one of the country 's largest and most densely populated urban centers . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in July announced a pilot program to develop a new housing model for the city 's growing small-household population . The program , adAPT NYC , seeks to accommodate the need for smaller apartments for roughly 1.8 million households in New York that consist of one or two people . The New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development kicked off the program in July with a request for proposals from designers and development teams for self-contained "  micro-units " between 275 and 300 square feet , including kitchen and bathroom . The contest closed last week , drawing 33 submissions mostly from teams in the Northeastern United States , along with international entries from London and Amsterdam . The proposals suggest the use of modular design and some include sustainable design such as solar paneling , the housing department said Thursday . The winning proposal will form the basis for a mixed-income rental building in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan consisting of micro-units . The winning applicant will be responsible for designing , constructing , owning and managing the property as part of the housing department 's model for developing city-owned property . The housing department said it hopes to announce a winner in 2013 and break ground by year 's end . Of course , many New Yorkers already live in micro-sized units or smaller . For iReporter Kristen Booth , living in her 214-square foot East Village studio is a rite of passage for living in New York . But after 13 years in the same small apartment , she 's ready for an upgrade and a bathtub . Most of the city 's small apartments are in old buildings and there are n't enough of them . New York has 1.8 million one - and two-person households , but only 1 million studios or one-bedrooms , the housing department said . The city wants to build more that "  have substantial access to light and air to create a sense of openness , " the housing department said . Clearly , renting a micro-unit in New York and building your own home in the country are two different animals . But there is some overlap between micro-units and tiny homes and the people who live in them . Building codes and ordinances complicate matters and can prevent residents from living in the units full-time . New York City 's housing codes currently do not allow an entire building of micro-units , a housing department spokesman said . Under the pilot program , Bloomberg will waive certain zoning regulations at a city-owned site to test the market for this new housing model . In Point Roberts , Washington , iReporter Jamie Dehner was surprised to learn that while there are no limits on how big you build a home , the same is n't true for building small . To get around Whatcom County regulations requiring a permit to build their 160-square-foot home with plumbing , the Dehners built their home on a trailer bed , subject to different regulations as a recreational vehicle . The Dehners stayed there while working on a bigger home on their property , which is nearly done , she said . At 700 square feet , it seems like a mansion . But they enjoyed their time in the smaller dwelling for a variety of reasons . "  A small space is easy to clean , heat and there 's a wonderful coziness about it . You are all tucked in with the things you need and use the most and that 's appealing psychologically , " Dehner said in an iReport . "  It 's a fantastically liberating experience to live in a small space that is also hugely fun and entertaining , not just for you as the builder and occupant , but for others who pass by and just want to peek inside . And whether you stay in a tiny house permanently or end up building , you 've got a perfect guest cottage that you can share with friends , family , sell or rent out . " While the amount of savings can differ greatly for a renter of a micro-unit versus a small-home owner , cost-effectiveness is definitely part of the equation in both models . The average rent for a regular studio apartment in Kips Bay is roughly $ 2,000 , according to the housing department . The department hopes to see proposals with rents well below that , though it has not set price or rental rate criteria as part of the competition . iReporter Carrie Caverly and Shane Caverly rent the land on which they keep their 204-square-foot home , which they designed and built mostly from off-the-shelf building materials . The design allows for passive solar heating in the winter , has a metal roof for rainwater collection and uses an incinerating toilet to minimize water usage and avoid the need for sewage disposal , said Carrie Caverly , an architectural designer . In total , their monthly expenses are around $ 300 and they own the home outright without having incurred any debt , she said in an iReport . Many of the advantages of living in a small space were planned and expected , she said . But the couple is also enjoying unexpected advantages , like a connection to their community . "  When humans can do everything in the sheltered enclaves of our homes , we rarely venture out ; we become isolated . Our small home encourages us to go outside and talk to the neighbors , go on hikes and meet people , go to coffee shops and restaurants , the library , the gym etc. , etc. . The list goes on , " Caverly said in an iReport . Downsizing has also produced benefits , she said . "  I have been inspired to finally be tidy and clean ; always putting everything away in its designed location . This creates a sense of spaciousness and sanity I 've never had before in a home , " she said . Would you consider living in a tiny home to downsize and save money ? Share your take in the comments section below .	iReporters share stories of finding solace living in less than 500 square feet Benefits include savings on utilities and mortgage , better quality of life Small homes makes incursion into big city with New York City program to create micro-units
A remote island with stunning underground architecture . A massive crypt lined with copper bars , a colossal sphere at its center . Mazes made of stone that lead from one underground chamber to another , each differing in shape and size . I did n't expect my visit to the Japanese "  art island " of Naoshima to remind me of the world of Myst , the computer game I played as a child . It 's been more than a decade since I played the game , but that strange , beautifully desolate island and the eerie feeling of wandering around it alone have stayed with me . Exploring Naoshima 's underground galleries , I was reminded again and again of Myst 's mysterious mechanical structures , right down to the discovery of "  puzzles " that visitors are meant to figure out on their own . Magnificent architecture Some 3,000 islands dot the Seto Inland Sea of Japan , which separates Honshu , Shikoku and Kyushu , three of the four main islands of Japan . While many of those islands remain quiet and uninhabited , Naoshima has been turned into one of the most remarkable art and architecture destinations in the world . Visitors often refer to it as "  Ando Island , " since most of the structures on the island were designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Tadao Ando . A museum designed by and dedicated to the renowned architect is also located on the island . Naoshima 's transformation into a unique art project began in 1987 , when Soichiro Fukutake , the chairman of Fukutake Publishing , now known as the Benesse Holdings , Inc. , purchased the south side of the island . Enlisted by Fukutake to supervise development on the southern portion of the island , Ando went to work over the next two decades designing a hotel complex and museums . Adhering to his guiding principle of designing buildings that follow the natural forms of landscapes , Ando 's buildings on the island blend into or are built into the earth , some of them opening up to the sky . ` Perfect balance of light , sound , space , color ' Some of Ando 's buildings became part of the Benesse Art Site Naoshima  BASN  , which showcases major artworks acquired by the company over the past decades . Since 1995 , many of those pieces have been created specifically for the island . That same year , the company established the Benesse Prize at the Venice Biennale , commissioning winners to create works specifically for BASN , which includes Naoshima and the nearby islands of Teshima and Inujima . Just as the art has been designed for the island , the buildings that house the works have been designed to maximize the impact of the art . Opened in 2004 , the island 's Chichu Art Museum showcases its collection in spectacular and unexpected ways . In the museum 's Claude Monet Space , a vast , pure white underground chamber is made up of hundreds of thousands of tiny stone tiles . The dazzling while tiles perfectly show off the enormous blue and violet paintings on each wall . Visitors remove their shoes at the entrance and are given soft slippers . When I visited , I was the only person in the room  not counting an attendant who stood in a corner as still as a sculpture  . The space gleams white from the natural light peering through a white stone ceiling . It was the same everywhere I went on the island -- quiet , stupefying displays of beauty and art with breathtaking sea or landscapes in the background . Visitor numbers are restricted throughout the exhibitions . "  They 've managed to create a perfect balance of light , sound , space , color and proportion , which makes the experience transcendent and unforgettable , " says Rhea Karam , a New York-based fine arts photographer at work on a project inspired by Naoshima . The same as I did , Karam found the Claude Monet Space a shock . "  Growing up in Paris , I was very familiar with Monet 's work and accustomed to seeing it everywhere to the point that I was n't particularly interested when I heard he was displayed in the Chichu Art Museum , " says Karam . "  The unbelievable , almost holistic presentation of Monet 's Water Lily paintings made me see them in a light I had never before experienced . " Where to stay , what to see Limited accommodation on the island mean the number of visitors is limited . While small inns have been cropping up on the island , a stay at the hotel Benesse House remains by far the best way to get the full Naoshima experience . Comprised of four different lodgings  Museum , Oval , Park , Beach  , the hotel 's rooms all provide incredible views of the Seto Inland Sea and have beautiful art of their own . It 's a bit like staying at a modern art gallery . The standout is the breathtaking Oval  see gallery above  , with its six rooms built around an oval pond . Oval is connected to the Benesse House Museum by a monorail accessible only to Oval guests . Benesse operates a free shuttle bus from Benesse House Museum to nearby Lee Ufan Museum and Chichu Art Museum . The shuttle also runs to the more removed Honmura District , once a castle town , on the island 's east side , where the Ando Museum and the Art House Project are located . The former is a small museum designed by Tadao Ando featuring his architecture ; the latter is a project that turns empty houses into works of art . Visitors to the Honmura side can pick up a map from the Honmura Lounge , a visitor 's center and gift shop , and take part in a treasure hunt around the old castle town to find the art projects hidden in century-old houses . The nearby islands of Inujima and Teshima house continuations of the remarkable Benesse Art Site Naoshima project . Naoshima is reached by ferry from the ports of Uno  near Okayama  and Takamatsu . Benesse House , Gotanji , Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3223 ; rooms range from ¥ 31,000 / $ 300  single room at Park  to ¥ 87,000 / $ 854  four-person suite at Museum or Park during high season  . Only guests staying at Oval have access to Oval . Chichu Art Museum , 3449-1 Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3755 ; 10 a.m.-6 p.m.  last entry 5 p.m.  , closed Mondays ; ¥ 2,060  $ 20  ; free for children 15 and under ; annual membership ¥ 10,300  $ 100  ; no photographs allowed Lee Ufan Museum , 1390 Azakuraura , Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3754 ; closed Mondays ; ¥ 1,030  $ 10  ; free for children 15 and under ; annual membership ¥ 5,100  $ 50  ; no photographs allowed Benesse House Museum , Gotanji , Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3223 ; 8 a.m.-9 p.m.  last entry 8 p.m.  ; ¥ 1,030  $ 10  , free for Benesse House guests and children 15 and under ; no photographs allowed Art House Project , Honmura , Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3223 , 10 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. , closed Mondays ; ¥ 1,030  $ 10  for multi-site ticket  six art houses  ; no photographs allowed Ando Museum , 736-2 Naoshima , Kagawa ; +81 87 892 3754 ; 10 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. , closed Mondays ; ¥ 510  $ 5  , free for children 15 and under ; no photographs allowed	The remote island of Naoshima in the Seto Inland Sea is a high-end art destination Tadao Ando designed hotels and underground museums to showcase art in remarkable ways Nearby islands of Teshima and Inujima are part of Benesse Art Site Naoshima
Apple on Thursday lifted the veil on its plans to remake the educational landscape in a way that centers on its best-selling tablet computer , the iPad . "  Education is deep in Apple 's DNA and iPad may be our most exciting education product yet , " Philip Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of marketing , said in a statement . At a press conference in New York , the company announced three products that aim to get students and teachers to use the iPad 's touch-screen interface to read , write , plan classes and communicate with each other . First , a free app called iBooks Author lets anyone create a digital , interactive textbook . In a demo at the event , an Apple employee created an e-book with the app in about five minutes , according to live blogs . Second , an update to a piece of software called iTunes U lets teachers plan their curriculum and communicate with their students over the iPad . The new iTunes U , which also is free and available on Thursday , will "  allow anyone , anywhere , at any time to take courses for free , " Schiller said , according to Fortune.com 's Philip Elmer-DeWitt , who was live blogging from the event . Fortune is a partner site of CNN.com . "  If you 're an educator at a university , college , or K-12 school , now you have an easy way to design and distribute complete courses featuring audio , video , books , and other content , " Apple 's website said Thursday . "  And students and lifelong learners can experience your courses for free through a powerful new app for iPad , iPhone , and iPod touch . " Finally , a new textbook store called iBooks 2 , also a free app , will feature digital e-books for schools . Apple said it is partnering with several major textbook companies -- including Pearson , McGraw-Hill and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , who will make e-books for the store , according to Fortune . High school textbooks will cost up to $ 14.99 , the company said . In another demo , Apple 's Roger Rosner showed off textbooks for the iPad that allow students to zoom in on pictures of cells , dissect digital frogs and make notes and highlights on the e-book pages . "  I do n't think there 's ever been a textbook that made it this easy to be a good student , " Rosner said , according to Fortune . All of these moves are part of Apple 's larger strategy to remake the textbook industry . The company reportedly has been courting schools to make use of its popular tablet computer . At the press conference , Schiller mocked paper textbooks , saying , "  They 're not portable , not durable , not interactive , not searchable . " Books on the iPad are all of those things , he said , according to live blogs covering the event . Some educators seem to be excited about the changes . "  Apple has recognized that learning for students is not a one-way street , " Jed Macosko , an associate professor at Wake Forest University , said in a statement . "  Until now , most traditional e-textbooks have focused on linear content delivery , which is not the way people learn . Research shows that we learn by asking questions , " said Macosko , the author of an interactive biology textbook . Others questioned whether the move could give Apple too much control over educational content . "  It 's  not clear so far whether Apple 's new textbooks will be open formats  ePub etc.  or only in Apple format , " Mathew Ingram , a senior writer for the blog GigaOm , posted on Twitter after the event . Or they mocked the fact that Apple is trying to take such a big role in education . "  For a small upcharge , Apple will put a huge logo on your school and tattoo an Apple on each  student 's  forearm , " user @irasocol wrote on Twitter .	Apple announces digital textbook publishing app The free app is called iBook Author The company says anyone can make a digital textbook in five minutes Moves are part of Apple 's larger strategy to remake the textbook industry
CNN  -- There was an important kernel of truth buried in director Spike Lee 's recent tirade against gentrification . New York City , like other big cities , has experienced a decades-long economic squeeze in which the cost of housing has soared while wage levels dropped , leaving middle-class families feeling pinched , punished and pushed out . Lee 's 10-minute , obscenity-laced rant about changes in his old Brooklyn neighborhood , Fort Greene , was deliberately offensive and , at times , incendiary  you can listen to it -- uncut -- here  . He accused white newcomers to the area of being rude and disrespectful of local culture . And in this defense of Fort Greene , he sounds somewhat neighborly -- New York could always use a few more polite people -- until you think about it for a minute . Who , exactly , determines what the local culture is ? To whom is this deference or "  respect " supposed to be rendered , and how ? When can the "  respect " bill be considered paid in full ? And whatever happened to the idea that law-abiding citizens in a free society should be able to walk their dogs in the park , take yoga classes , sip overpriced coffee at the local cafÃ © and otherwise go about their business without having their lifestyle choices judged , ridiculed or attacked ? Also , as I 've noted elsewhere , it does n't help Lee 's case that he sold his own home for $ 1 million in the late 1990s and decamped to the wealthy Upper East Side of Manhattan , where he currently resides in a 9,000-square-foot palace that he bought in 2006 for $ 16 million and recently put on the market with a $ 32 million asking price . This is a man who made a fortune by promoting the hipness of black Brooklyn , relentlessly and profitably spurring on the very gentrification he now decries . There was a better point Lee could 've made . The real phenomenon of gentrification worth talking about is a national crisis of housing costs that are climbing faster than the earning power of many residents . It 's not confined to black neighborhoods , and it 's happening all around the country , not just in New York . In a fascinating report , Daniel Hartley , a research economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland , examined metropolitan areas to measure the number of census tracts where the housing prices moved from the lower half to the top half for that area . Between 2000 and 2007 , Hartley found , housing prices made that leap in 61 % of Boston -- the most spectacular increase of any big city . Seattle ranked second , with 55 % of the city 's census tracts with low-cost housing moving into the pricier bracket . New York , came in third , with 46 % of the city 's cheaper housing turning not so cheap . Hartley 's price-based measurement of gentrification makes far more sense than racially charged anecdotal observations from Lee . Looking at these kinds of hard numbers also reveals that , in many cities , gentrification takes place without an ethnic shift . It 's middle-class black homesteaders who are gentrifying the Bronzeville section of Chicago , for example . And South Boston is going upscale while remaining an Irish-Catholic bastion . What makes gentrification a problem is that earning power for most people is n't keeping up with the rising cost of buying or renting a place to live . In New York , the cost of renting an apartment jumped 8.6 % between 2007 and 2011 -- and in those same years , median household income dropped nearly 7 % , according to a report by New York University 's Furman Center for Real Estate . That gap between income and rent is the true crisis of gentrification -- and to fix it will require going beyond ethnic and racial finger-pointing . What we need is a national campaign to ensure that middle-class wages keep pace with the cost of necessities like food , health care and shelter . It wo n't make headlines like Spike 's rant , but it might replace the heat of blame and resentment with the light of solutions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Spike Lee railed against gentrification in his old neighborhood Lee has profited from the thing he decries . But he also missed point , he says In many big cities , housing costs rise much faster than incomes Louis : Fixing that gap requires more than racial finger-pointing
The U.S. National Security Agency has secretly succeeded in breaking much of the encryption that keeps people 's personal data safe online , according to reports by The New York Times , The Guardian and ProPublica . The reports , produced in partnership and published Thursday , are the latest to emerge based on documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden to Britain 's Guardian newspaper . According to the reports , the NSA , alongside its UK equivalent , Government Communications Headquarters , better known as GCHQ , has been able to unscramble much of the encoding that protects everything from personal e-mails to banking systems , medical records and Internet chats . The agencies ' methods include the use of supercomputers to crack codes , covert measures to introduce weaknesses into encryption standards and behind-doors collaboration with technology companies and Internet service providers themselves . "  Through these covert partnerships , the agencies have inserted secret vulnerabilities -- known as backdoors or trapdoors -- into commercial encryption software , " The Guardian says . The Guardian cites a 2010 GCHQ memo that it says describes a briefing on NSA accomplishments given to GCHQ employees . "  For the past decade , NSA has lead  sic  an aggressive , multi-pronged effort to break widely used Internet encryption technologies , " the memo reportedly says . "  Vast amounts of encrypted Internet data which have up till now been discarded are now exploitable . " A second memo is quoted as saying that when the British analysts , who often work alongside NSA officers , were first told about the program , "  those not already briefed were gobsmacked . " Another document states that GCHQ has been working to find ways into the encrypted data sent via four big Internet firms , Google , Yahoo , Facebook and Microsoft 's Hotmail , the reports claim . GCHQ told CNN it had no comment on The Guardian report . The reports claim that the NSA worked to develop more covert ways of unscrambling online data after losing a public battle in the 1990s to insert a government "  back door " into all programming . ` Foundation of web security ' Computer security expert Mikko Hypponen believes the revelation is the most important leak to date from Snowden . "  It may not have gained as many headlines as some of his other stories , because most people do n't understand how crypto systems work . If indeed U.S intelligence does indeed have such a wide range of systems , then I 'm surprised , " he told CNN . Crypto encryption is relevant to everyday applications that everyone uses , for example in communications and transactions , he said . "  Now we learn that the foundation of web security has been compromised . " Hypponen , the chief research officer for F-Secure , said he believes the NSA and GCHQ had probably cracked the encryption by placing moles in key companies at key locations . "  Any major service provider must have sizable amounts of moles from intelligence agencies . Remember that the NSA has 35,000 people working for it , " he said . "  The ordinary user should not be worried by these revelations -- it 's obvious that intelligence agencies are not interested in hacking financial transactions -- but they should be outraged . " He suggested those outside the United States should be the most concerned . "  How many U.S. politicians use French cloud-services ? Almost none . But how many French politicians use U.S. cloud services ? All of them , " he said . "  Remember that 96 % of the planet 's inhabitants are foreigners to the United States , so it 's wrong that the U.S. has a legal right to access foreign communications . " Public concern The scope of hidden U.S. surveillance programs has been brought to public light through leaks to media outlets by Snowden , who fled the United States and is now in Russia under temporary asylum . He faces espionage charges . The revelations have led many Americans , according to polls , to harbor skepticism about the NSA programs . They 've also generated concern in Congress as well as from privacy groups and libertarians . Last month , President Barack Obama sought to allay people 's unease over the work of the intelligence agency in an interview with CNN "  New Day " anchor Chris Cuomo . Obama said he was confident no one at the NSA is "  trying to abuse this program or listen in on people 's e-mail . " The president chalked much of the concern with domestic snooping on changes in technology . "  I think there are legitimate concerns that people have that technology is moving so quick , " Obama said . "  What I recognize is that we 're going to have to continue to improve the safeguards and as technology moves forward , that means that we may be able to build technologies that give people more assurance . "	This is the most important leak to date from Edward Snowden , an analyst says Reports : NSA and GCHQ have cracked much of the encryption protecting online data The agencies have secret partnerships with technology companies , the reports say The encryption safeguards data including e-mails , banking systems and medical records
Environmental activists are willing to bring their qualms with their traditional ally the Democrats right to their front door -- literally . Opponents of the Keystone XL Pipeline plopped an inflatable "  pipeline " on Sen. Mary Landrieu 's front yard on Monday -- and the Louisiana senator likely is n't complaining . Landrieu is trying to push the pipeline through the Senate as she faces an uphill climb to hold on to her seat in a December runoff against Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy . The pipeline could be a boon to Louisiana 's Gulf oil-rich economy and passage of a bill authorizing the pipeline would be a high profile and new accomplishment that Landrieu could point to . The visuals of more than 50 protesters picketing on Landrieu 's front yard with "  No KXL " signs could bolster Landrieu 's status as a serious threat to opponents of the pipeline and positions her as a key player in the effort to bring more than a dozen Senate Democrats on board to support the bill and send it to President Barack Obama 's desk . Activists even walked up to the front stoop of Landrieu 's D.C. home and knocked on the door -- no answer . But progressive activists at the protest said they were n't concerned about Landrieu 's reelection prospects , acknowledging that both Landrieu and her opponent support Keystone XL . "  It 's one vote in the Senate , and either way it 's a yes vote on the Keystone pipeline , " said Karthik Ganapathy , an organizer with the environmental organization 350 . Instead , Ganapathy and other activists said the protest was about more than Landrieu -- sending a message to national Democrats that they risk losing their base if they support policies like Keystone . "  We 're not going to lie down and say , ` Oh but they 're a Democrat , ' " Ganapathy said . "  The people that you 're looking at here , these are the people that Hillary Clinton , the Democrats of 2016 and beyond are going to need to knock on doors and turnout the vote . " Thirteen other Senate Democrats also risk having inflatable pipelines strewn across their front yard . So far , 14 Democrats , including Landrieu , reportedly plan to join Republicans in supporting the project Tuesday -- putting the Senate just one vote shy of the filibuster-proof 60-vote majority . Deirdre Shelly , a senior at American University and self-described "  disillusioned Democrat " , said she came out to oppose the pipeline project and to send a message to all Democrats considering supporting the project . "  Young voters are not going to vote for anyone who approves this pipeline and it 's also shameful -LSB- that Senate Democrats are considering it -RSB- , " Shelly said . "  I 'm excited that the climate movement and younger people are finally going after Democrats and I expect that to continue as long as they continue to say yes to the pipeline . " The rally also brought activists from outside the Beltway , from the areas that could be impacted if the pipeline project goes through -- an unclear outcome at the moment as Obama has suggested he would veto the project if it passes the Senate . Activists from South Dakota with the Native American group Wica Agli said they are concerned about the environmental impact of the pipeline as well as its impact on the society . Aldo Seoane , the group 's co-director , said the inflatable pipeline was a much-needed image to share their perspective . "  They do n't understand what we 're fighting for and they need these visuals so they can feel what we 're feeling , " Seoane said . "  No one wants a pipeline running through their yard . " Nebraskan Art Tanderup , a Democrat whose farm is one of many on the pipeline 's planned route , said he would never support Landrieu 's campaign because of her betrayal of the Democratic base "  just to get reelected . " "  We 're here to try and convince people not to support the Keystone XL pipeline , " he said when asked about the impact on Landrieu 's reelection prospects . But pressed as to whether he would support Landrieu or her Republican opponent , Tanderup said he would be in a bind . "  This would be a very difficult situation for me to vote , " Tanderup said . "  Because of other issues and other differences , I would probably vote for her . " Landrieu 's office did not immediately return a request for comment .	Anti-Keystone protesters picketing on Landrieu 's front yard could help Landrieu in Louisiana Progressive activists at the protest said they were n't concerned about Landrieu 's reelection prospects They were also sending a broader message to Democrats considering pipeline support : Do n't .
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterrand said Thursday he will not resign over accounts in a book he wrote in 2005 about paying to have sex with "  boys " in Thailand . Frederic Mitterrand admitted to paying for sex with "  boys " in his 2005 autobiography , "  The Bad Life . " In an interview with French television network TF1 , Mitterrand said he "  absolutely condemn -LSB- s -RSB- sexual tourism , which is a disgrace , and ... pedophilia , " in which he insisted he has never participated . Despite the use of the French word "  garcon " in his 2005 book "  The Bad Life , " Mitterrand , 62 , has previously said the term did not mean "  little boys . " He said the males he paid for sex were his age , or maybe five years younger , but not underage -- and the relations were consensual . "  Anyway , you can recognize someone who 's 40 years old ... " he told TF1 . A 40-year-old man "  does n't look like a minor , " he added , suggesting that his partners were middle-aged men . His actions , Mitterrand said , were "  without a doubt , an error , " but "  a crime , no , " he said in the interview . Despite recent calls to resign from the far-right National Front and the left-leaning Socialist Party , Mitterrand , who is openly gay , vowed to stay in his job . He said he met Thursday morning with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and that the president supports him . In a July interview with the weekly French news magazine Le Nouvel Observateur , Sarkozy said he had read Mitterrand 's book , and found it "  courageous and talented . " The controversy over the revelations in his book -- which he called neither autobiography nor memoir -- erupted anew after Mitterrand deplored the arrest last week of filmmaker Roman Polanski , who fled the United States in 1977 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl . The culture minister told TF1 that he was "  too emotional " when he denounced the filmmaker 's arrest in Switzerland as "  horrifying . " "  To see him thrown to the lions for an old story that really has no meaning , and to see him alone , imprisoned , when he was going to attend a ceremony where he was to be honored , that is to say , he was trapped , it 's absolutely horrifying , " he said October 4 , according to Agence France Presse . The far-right National Front organized an anti-Mitterrand demonstration in Paris on Thursday evening . "  Send this message on to everyone who will not put up with this indecency ! " the party 's Web site said . The party 's vice president , Marine Le Pen , has demanded Mitterrand 's resignation for what she termed his sexually deviant acts . Mitterrand responded , saying , "  It 's an honor to be dragged through the mud by the National Front . " Mitterrand 's acts of "  sexual tourism " have left "  a dark smudge " on the government , Le Pen said . The group is also gathering signatures on a petition , online and on paper , from those who want Mitterrand to step down . "  We really hope he will resign , " National Front communications director Julien Sanchez told CNN . "  It 's an embarrassment for our country , that our culture minister has done this . It affects our international image . It 's not right , " he added . Watch report on the controversy surrounding French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterand " On the other side of the political spectrum , the left-leaning Socialist Party suggested Sarkozy should consider Mitterrand 's position . "  It 's up to President Sarkozy to decide whether or not we can be involved in the fight against child prostitution and sexual tourism , and whether or not the acts written in an autobiography -- written by a minister -- are acts of sexual commerce , " said party spokesman Benoit Hamon . "  If everything is relative and Mr. Mitterrand can be excused because he 's famous , well , I do n't excuse his behavior , " Hamon said . Martine Aubry , the leader of the Socialist Party , said she would wait until she had read the book before making any judgment . Mitterrand said on TF1 that he had had sexual relations with boys -- using the French word "  garcons " -- but added , "  you must not confuse pedophilia with homosexuality . " He also described his book as a mixture of his life and the life of others , and denied accusations that it was a glorification of sexual tourism . The minister said he never had sex with "  young boys " and denounced those who accused him of such acts , saying that maybe they were confusing their own fantasies with what the book was really about . Mitterrand told an interviewer in 2005 that assertions that he liked "  little boys " were untrue . "  It 's because when people say ` boys ' we imagine ` little boys , ' " he said then . "  How to explain that ? It belongs to this general puritanism which surrounds us , which always makes us paint a black picture of the situation . It has nothing to do with that . " Mitterrand was a television personality , not a government minister , when the book was published . It caused a stir upon its publication , as well , and has been the subject of heated debate several times since then . In one passage , published by the French newspaper Le Monde on Thursday , Mitterrand describes in detail a sexual encounter with a "  boy " he said was called Bird . "  My boy did n't say a word , he stood before me , immobile , his eyes still straight ahead and a half-smile on his lips . I wanted him so badly I was trembling , " he wrote . Mitterrand also wrote about visiting clubs to choose young male prostitutes in Thailand -- where prostitution is illegal and sexual intercourse with a minor is statutory rape and is punishable by imprisonment . "  Most of them are young , handsome and apparently unaware of the devastation that their activities could bring them . I would learn later that they did n't come every night , that they were often students , had a girlfriend and sometimes even lived with their families , who pretended not to know the source of their breadwinner 's earnings , " the book said . "  Some of them were older and there was also a small contingent of heavier bruisers , who also had their fans . It was the artistic side of the exposition : Their presence made the youthful charm of the others stand out . " He also wrote that while he had read reports and seen documentaries on the evils of "  le commerce des garcons "  the boy trade  -- the misery , the piles of money from which "  les gosses "  the kids  got only a few crumbs , the ravages of drugs -- "  all of these rituals of the fair of the youths , the slave market , excited me enormously . " "  The profusion of very attractive boys , immediately available , put me in a state of desire that I no longer had to restrain or conceal . " Mitterrand -- the nephew of the Socialist former president Francois Mitterrand -- joined Sarkozy 's center-right government this summer . Wikipedia , the user-edited online reference Web site , has locked down Mitterrand 's entry , preventing changes to it , in a possible sign of the intensity of the debate surrounding him . CNN 's Jen Carswell in Paris , France and Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Culture minister condemns sexual tourism , denies he is a pedophile Frederic Mitterrand , in 2005 book , wrote of paying for sex with "  boys " in Thailand Le Monde on Thursday published steamy excerpts from "  The Bad Life " Mitterand came to the defense of Roman Polanski after the filmmaker 's arrest
CNN  -- I lost a friend and mentor today . Maya Angelou was the voice of three generations . Her poetry spanned our journey , chronicled our hearts and documented our struggles as we moved from the orations of Martin Luther King to the presidency of Barack Obama . "  Dr. " Maya Angelou was a phenomenal woman . A rousing spirit , a joyful soul . A remarkable and gifted writer , a trailblazer , an activist , a mother . A hero . She was a woman who cooked up greens that could move you to dance . And yes , she danced , she loved to move . And she moved us all . She loved her black skin and her hair . Growing up in the South , I learned to love my own skin and hair just as she taught us to . But Maya was not stuck on color or gender or religion or sexual orientation . She was fixated on humanity and helping to bring love and kindness into this world . That 's perhaps what I cherish about her the most : Like every great artist , she emerged from deep and sorrowful struggle to reveal a beautiful , confident , calm and wise soul . She used that struggle to transform herself and made us believe that we , too , could transform ourselves as well . Like the incredible tall oak trees of her beloved Arkansas , she was rooted in culture , grounded in the goodness of this earth and her amazing gift of poetry . She had a talent for weaving words into songs and songs into melodies . She was n't afraid to sway her hips . And she inspired us to do the same . Opinion : How Maya Angelou gave me life Maya , we did n't tire of you . I can still hear those words she spoke on that chilly day , at the first inauguration of her fellow Arkansan , William Jefferson Clinton . Her poem , "  On the Pulse of Morning , " is too long for me to quote in its entirety here , but I urge you , for your own sake , go read it . Here are a few of its lines : The Rock cries out today , you may stand on me , But do not hide your face . Across the wall of the world , A River sings a beautiful song . It says , Come rest here by my side . ... Come , Clad in peace and I will sing the songs The Creator gave to me when I and the Tree and the rock were one . Maya Angelou also had a playful side . Like any good friend , she enjoyed the company of people . Once , my friend Minyon Moore hosted a luncheon in honor of Betty Shabazz , Cicely Tyson , Coretta Scott King and Maya Angelou . It was a moment for us , the up-and-coming , to meet our heroes , to sit at their feet and learn from them . Before we could break bread  cornbread  , Maya had everyone laughing . She was a gifted storyteller and her warmth filled up many empty hearts . She made a place for so many folks in her life , in her kitchen or on her stage . Maya was born wise and when she talked , you could hear the ancient wisdom of our ancestors . She carried that warrior spirit from Africa . Maya Angelou remembered by those she inspired I grew up with her poems and stories . They inspired me , they encouraged me , they taught me . I still have the paperback copies of her books I bought when I was a girl . I often wondered when I read one of her poems or stories for the first time , how does she know me ? How does she understand so well who I am , what I 'm going through , what questions and doubts , and triumphs and joys , I experience ? But that , of course , is what a great poet does . She speaks for herself , but she speaks for us all . And the amazing thing about Maya Angelou was that , although she was a black woman , her poems touched the souls of all Americans . For instance , what immigrant or child of immigrants , what Holocaust survivor or child of a survivor , what adolescent or mother of an adolescent does not recognize his or her own history in the justly famous , "  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings " ? Maya Angelou : Some of her most powerful speeches Let her rest now . Rest with Malcolm and Betty , with Coretta and Martin and Dorothy Height , with James Baldwin and Langston Hughes . Let her dance with James Brown , Michael Jackson , and rejoice with Mahalia Jackson . Most of all , let her smile and be at peace with Mandela . I will honor her today by rereading some of her poems and stories . I urge you to do the same . She gave us the gift of her words and we should treasure them . She was phenomenal , someone I loved and will forever cherish . So , thank you Maya . A phenomenal woman . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile shares the joy of knowing Maya Angelou and the pain of losing her Angelou , she says , was a writer , a trailblazer , an activist , a mother , a hero But most of all , Angelou touched her soul , knew her heart and spoke to us all
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With thousands of Americans looking for jobs , many businesses are saying : Sorry , we 're not hiring . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is sending out another message : Come right this way . Donna Gill Lumpkin is one of more than 270,000 people to apply for about 2,950 jobs at the FBI . After years of being outgunned in the battle for job applicants by corporations who could pay bigger salaries , hundreds of thousands of job seekers are applying for FBI positions . The FBI announced a hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions . The job postings run the gamut from scientists to accountants to auto mechanics . In addition , the bureau said it wants to hire 850 FBI agents . What happened next caught many at the FBI by surprise . More than 270,000 people applied over about six weeks . The FBI said about 70,000 people seek positions in a normal year . But this is n't a normal year . Just ask Donna Gill Lumpkin , a divorced mother of two who lives in Maryland . Gill Lumpkin lost her job selling radio ad time in November . "  The competition is really stiff , " she said . "  There 's a lot of people out of work . A lot of people looking for a job . " Gill Lumpkin has applied for a job as an FBI recruiter . If the FBI thinks she has the skills for the post , that 's just one step toward a job . She 'll have to undergo an FBI background check and take polygraph and drug tests . Watch the applications pile up at the FBI " The FBI official in charge of human resources concedes the FBI is benefiting a bit from the sour economy and getting a flood of applications this year . "  In years past it was often difficult to find people with the science and technology background or chemistry background or a biology background because we were competing with the private sector , " said FBI Assistant Director John Raucci . Raucci said during the dotcom explosion , the FBI had a difficult time competing with dotcom start-up salaries . "  Now , what we offer is stability , we offer a job and I think a very exciting environment in which to work , " said Raucci . Raucci said the average starting salary at the FBI is about $ 35,000 per year . But he adds those with extraordinary academic credentials and prior job experience start at a much higher rate . Donna Gill Lumpkin said the stability of a job with the federal government and the good benefits such as health insurance attracted her to apply . "  In this tough economic climate right now the federal government , I think , is one of the most steady and stable places anyone could be . " The stakes are high for Gill Lumpkin , who has a 12-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old son . She said her children are covered under her ex-husband 's health insurance . But she needs coverage for herself . And she is not able to put any money away right now for her children 's college years . "  Right now the college fund is on pause , " said Gill Lumpkin . "  It 's the survival fund . We are trying to survive . "	Hundreds of thousands of job seekers are applying for FBI positions Average starting salary at the FBI is about $ 35,000 per year FBI no longer has same level of competition from private sector FBI has openings for agents , but also for those in various support roles
CNN  -- A woman who allegedly scammed nearly half a million dollars from a nonprofit fund benefiting the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings was arrested Friday , according to Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley . Audrea Gause , 26 , was arrested in Troy , N.Y. , where she lives , on a Massachusetts fugitive warrant , a statement from Coakley 's office said . She is charged with larceny in Massachusetts The nonprofit -- The One Fund Boston -- began distributing nearly $ 61 million to 232 eligible claimants starting June 30 , according to a release from the organization . Gause was awarded $ 480,000 from the fund after claiming she suffered a traumatic brain injury as a result of the Boston Marathon bombing . Following a tip received by both the office of the state attorney general and The One Fund Boston that Gause was not in Boston at the time of the bombing , an official investigation began on Gause 's claims , Coakley said at a news conference Friday afternoon . That investigation determined that Gause was not a patient at Boston Medical Center or Albany Medical Center at the times allegedly entered on her notarized claim form , the statement says . "  She was stealing money from the real victims of the Marathon bombing , and from the people who gave so generously to help them , " Coakley said on Friday . The One Fund Boston divided payments up between four classifications that were based on the severity of injuries or loss of life , according to the fund 's statement . More than 260 people were wounded and 3 were killed in the double bombings , which took place near the Boston marathon finish line on April 15 . There has been some indication that there may be others involved with Gause 's fraudulent claims and the investigation is still ongoing , Coakley said . Gause appeared in Rensselaer County , New York , Court for a fugitive warrant hearing on Friday afternoon , Capt. John Cooney of the Troy Police Department told CNN . Gause was being held without bail in the Rensselaer County Jail . Her next hearing is scheduled for Tuesday , Cooney said . It could not immediately be determined whether Gause had retained an attorney . Coakley 's statement said her office , in conjunction with The One Fund , is reviewing all claims submitted to and paid by the fund .	The nonprofit One Fund Boston is distributing $ 61 million to victims of the Marathon bombing One woman 's claim of suffering a traumatic brain injury got her nearly half a million dollars Authorities got a tip the woman was not in Boston at the time of the bombing A 26-year-old New York woman was arrested Friday and will face charges in Massachusetts
CNN  -- The Russian government shares many of the U.S. concerns about the continuing violence in Syria , but Moscow is reluctant to embrace Washington 's proposals to solve them because it is wary of its motives , experts say . "  I was in Moscow a little over a week ago talking to our people in the embassy , " former U.S. Ambassador to the Soviet Union Jack Matlock told CNN Tuesday in a telephone interview . "  They characterized our positions as 95 % the same . " For example , he said , Moscow has complied with many U.S. demands on weapons sales . "  They have not been giving them offensive weapons ; they 've cut way back on weapons supplies . And just recently they 've refused to supply contracted weapons . " He noted that Russian government officials were to meet with members of the Syrian opposition in Moscow . Russia : Syrian opposition leader in Moscow for meeting with Lavrov And Russian officials have backed most of the international sanctions imposed on Damascus , he said . "  They are acutely aware that they do n't want to end up on the wrong side of this . " But Russia joined China in using its veto power to block a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down , which elicited anger from U.S. officials and others . The elephant in the region is Libya . Last year , Russia abstained from a Security Council vote authorizing NATO 's use of force to protect civilians in Libya . The Russians saw the ouster of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi as having exceeded the mandate . "  We can not allow a repeat of such scenarios in other countries , in Syria , for example , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday at a meeting in Moscow of Russian ambassadors and representatives of international organizations . "  I believe that we must do everything possible to press the parties in this conflict into negotiating a peaceful political solution to all issues of dispute . We must do all we can to facilitate such a dialogue . Of course this is a more complex and subtle undertaking than intervention using brute force from outside , but only this process can guarantee a lasting settlement and future stable development in the region , and in Syria 's case , in the country itself . " In addition , the Russians have looked warily at the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and plans to include their southeastern neighbors Georgia and the Ukraine in NATO , he said . "  The Russians have an almost mania that we are trying to control the world , to surround them with military means , and that there are elements , including the government , that are trying to , in effect , use the Arab Spring to bring a bunch of satellites under American military control , " said Matlock . "  I think they 're wrong about many of those things , but it 's genuinely held . " Moscow 's belief that the United States is playing a zero-sum game against them "  makes them hypercautious about cooperating , " he said . Further complicating the issue is Moscow 's concern that extremist Islamists could emerge as powers to be reckoned with in countries affected by the Arab Spring , Matlock said . "  Here again , I think they are misunderstanding and exaggerating , but the point is that their position is not primarily motivated by trying to protect Assad in Syria . They do have interests there , but those interests are really subordinate to some of these other factors . " Though Moscow has moved to boost pressure on al-Assad , there are limits to how far it will go , he said . "  Will they vote at the U.N. for military intervention from the outside ? No , they wo n't . And I hope they wo n't . I think that would be a disaster for everybody . The fact is nobody has a reliable solution to end this . The idea if only they would vote for us and Assad would give up and everything would be sweetness and light ? That 's looking for pie in the sky . " He described Syria 's nearly 17-month uprising as an internal revolt against a strong military power . "  If there is overt , external intervention , it 's going to just make matters worse , " he said , adding that that there is no easy fix to the killings , which by some estimates have exceeded 14,000 . "  In the final analysis , if the country is determined to have a civil war , we can not prevent it and getting in the middle of it and killing even more people does n't really help things . " In Moscow , Pavel Palazhchenko , the head of international and media relations at the Gorbachev Foundation , said Russia 's long-time policy of close cooperation , first with Hafez Assad and then with his son , is difficult to change , but doing so could prove beneficial to Putin . Russia Analyst : Russia would n't resist intervention in Syria "  I think now is a good opportunity for Russia to perhaps start discussing easing Assad from power and maybe taking him in , actually giving him some kind of asylum , some kind of guarantees , " he said Wednesday . "  Then , Russia would have more influence on what is going to happen in Syria afterwards . ... The opportunity is there , but apparently Russia finds it very difficult to change the policy that it has had for so many years . " The Russian-born president of the Center for the National Interest , Dimitri Simes , told CNNI 's "  Amanpour " on Monday that Russia 's halt to arms sales to Damascus may have had nothing to do with international pressure . "  The Assad regime has no money to pay for Russian weapons , " said Simes , whose organization describes itself as a non-partisan public policy institution established by former President Richard Nixon . Still , Putin is well aware of international sentiment about al-Assad . "  He does n't want to be the only guy who 's supporting this failing tyrant , " Simes said , adding that Russian officials have made clear that they would not use force on his behalf . "  The Russian position , basically , is if NATO and the United States want to interfere with Syria , Russia is not going to stop them , but Russia is not going to support it either , " he said . Simes described U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's statement last week that Russia was "  standing up " for the regime of al-Assad as "  unhelpful . " She urged a "  Friends of Syria " conference in Paris to "  make it clear that Russia and China will pay a price " for that position . "  Russia is clearly trying to meet the United States halfway -- behind the scenes , " Simes said about Putin . "  The last thing you want to do is to put him publicly into the corner -- if you want his cooperation . I think , on Secretary Clinton 's part , this megaphone diplomacy is primarily for domestic consumption . " He added , "  And I almost have an impression -- so sorry to be cynical -- essentially the suggestion is that the Obama administration does not want to intervene in Syria , and wants to use Russia as an alibi . " "  With respect , I do n't agree with Dmitri Simes , " responded Nicholas Burns , former U.S. ambassador to NATO , in an interview Tuesday with "  Amanpour . " He said the Russians would still block any kind of planned international military intervention in Syria . "  Russia 's just trying to put itself in the driver 's seat to be a potential peacemaker between Assad and the opposition , " he said . Burns also disputed Simes ' suggestion that the United States did not want to intervene in Syria and was blaming Moscow for its lack of action . Effecting regime change in Syria would require dense urban warfare and would likely prove far more difficult to accomplish than it did in Libya , he said . Burns said Putin may be in a unique position to avoid all that by persuading al-Assad to exit Syria and go into exile in a third country , "  perhaps in a deal to be forgiven any possibility of imprisonment or being tried for war crimes . If President Putin wanted to be the one to make that happen , I think you 'd find a lot of countries supporting him , including , possibly , the United States and the European countries themselves . " Tom Graham , the managing director at Kissinger Associates , Inc. , where he focuses on Russian and Eurasian affairs , said the problem will not be resolved if it turns into a conflict of interests between the United States and Russia . "  We really have to find a way to work together , and I think there 's enough overlap in the way the Russians look at it and we look at it for us to start and have a much more constructive , quiet dialogue that will take into account the interests of the United States and Russia , " he told CNN Tuesday in a telephone interview . "  Just as important , it will also put an end to the violence more quickly than a confrontational approach between the two countries . " Graham , who served as senior director for Russia on the National Security Council staff from 2004-2007 , said there are questions within the Russian elite as to whether al-Assad is viable as a leader over the long term . "  They 're prepared to see him go , but the method and timing is important . They 're really like to see this as part of an internal process as opposed to something imposed from the outside . " Russia suspends new arms shipments to Syria	Russia expert Matlock sees compliance on arms sales , sanctions Recollection of Libya looms large to Moscow Clinton 's "  megaphone diplomacy " is criticized as "  unhelpful "
CNN  -- Google must remove the inflammatory film "  The Innocence of Muslims " from YouTube.com , a federal appeals court ordered Wednesday . The film had been connected to violent demonstrations in several countries The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a district court 's earlier denial of an injunction that would require taking the film down . Wednesday 's order resulted from a lawsuit filed by Cindy Lee Garcia , one of the actresses in the film , against YouTube , its parent company Google , and the producer of the film , Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , among others . "  Garcia was duped into providing an artistic performance that was used in a way she never could have foreseen . Her unwitting and unwilling inclusion in ` Innocence of Muslims ' led to serious threats against her life , " 9th Circuit Chief Judge Alex Kozinski wrote in his opinion . Kozinski wrote that Garcia had been cast in a minor role in a film whose working title was "  Desert Warrior , " and received about $ 500 for three and a half days of filming . But "  Desert Warrior " never materialized ; instead , the scene she acted in was used in "  Innocence of Muslims . " "  Garcia first saw ` Innocence of Muslims ' after it was uploaded to YouTube and she discovered that her brief performance had been partially dubbed over so that she appeared to be asking , ` Is your Mohammed a child molester ? ' " Kozinski wrote . Garcia 's lawsuit also alleged that the copyright of her performance had been infringed . Google argued "  that Garcia did n't make a protectable contribution to the film " since Nakoula -- whose aliases include Mark Basseley Youssef , a name cited in the lawsuit -- wrote the dialogue that Garcia spoke , managed the production and dubbed over part of the scene , Kozinski wrote . Google sent the following statement to CNN Wednesday : "  Today the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that an actress in the Innocence of Muslims trailer may have a copyright claim over her five-second appearance in the video . As a result the court ordered Google to remove the video from our services . We strongly disagree with this ruling and will fight it . " The film portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , buffoon , ruthless killer and child molester . Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed , and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world . The movie , backed by hardcore anti-Islam groups in the United States , is a low-budget project that was ignored in the United States when trailers were posted on YouTube in July 2012 . But after Egyptian television aired certain segments , violent protests erupted in several Middle Eastern and Northern African nations , and in Muslim populations elsewhere in the world . The anger faded , however , particularly after filmmaker Nakoula 's arrest on September 27 , 2012 . Although the film was not the direct reason for his incarceration , authorities found that his actions producing "  The Innocence of Muslims " violated the terms of his probation for a 2010 bank fraud conviction . He was released from prison in May 2013 . Garcia had begun receiving death threats after an Egyptian cleric called for everyone involved with the film to be killed , Kozinski wrote . "  While answering a casting call for a low-budget amateur film does n't often lead to stardom , it also rarely turns an aspiring actress into the subject of a fatwa , " Kozinski wrote . CNN 's Stella Chan , Stan Wilson , Carey Bodenheimer and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Actress in "  The Innocence of Muslims " had sued Google , filmmaker She had been cast in a role in a different film Actress had received deaths threats Violent protests erupted in connection with the film in 2012
CNN  -- This ought to keep the Maytag repairman busy for a while . The appliance manufacturer along with the Consumer Product Safety Commission on Thursday announced the recall of about 1.7 million dishwashers sold by the company between February 2006 and April of 2010 . "  An electrical failure in the dishwasher 's heating element can pose a serious fire hazard , " said the recall notice issued by the CPSC . "  Maytag has received 12 reports of dishwasher heating element fires that have resulted in fires and dishwasher damage , including one report of extensive kitchen damage from a fire , " the CPSC said . There have no reports of injuries . The recall includes select Maytag , Amana , Jenn-Air , Admiral , Magic Chef , Performa and Crosley brands manufactured by Maytag . The company has set up a website where customers can check their unit 's serial number to see if it is included in the recall -- www.repair.maytag.com . Consumers will be able to choose between having their dishwasher repaired or accepting a rebate toward the purchase of a new dishwasher . The Maytag repairman has been a staple of the company 's corporate image . Since 1967 , Maytag has touted its quality by showing a bored repairman with nothing to do .	Maytag recalls 1.7 million dishwashers for posing fire hazard Dishwashers sold between Feb '06 and April '10 Company sets up website to inform consumers
CNN  -- Tjaart van der Walt will seek to upstage two of his most illustrious golfing compatriots and win his first professional tournament at the Africa Open on Sunday . The 37-year-old goes into the final round tied for the lead with 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and one shot ahead of two-time U.S. Open winner Retief Goosen after carding a superb eight-under-par 65 in East London on Saturday . Van der Walt , who finished second in a 2005 U.S. PGA Tour event , eliminated Oosthuizen 's two-shot overnight lead as he started with four successive birdies and -- like his fellow South African -- picked up a shot at the final hole . The world No. 347 's only blemish at his home event came at the par-four eighth hole , and he was confident he could contend for his first title since turning pro in 1996 in the opening event of the 2012 European Tour season . "  At the end of the day , the golf ball does n't know that they are major champions , " he said of his rivals . "  I 've played at the highest level , I 've never won majors or big events , so who knows what can happen . "  I do feel as if I am controlling the golf ball as well as I have in a long time . Not just tee to green , but on the greens as well . And that 's a good sign for me . I 'm entitled to forget the one bad shot I hit all day . " Defending champion Oosthuizen 's only lapse came at the par-five 11th hole as he took four shots to reach the green . "  It was an elementary mistake really . Those little chip-outs seem easy , and I made the basic error of leaving it short of a tree for my approach to the green , " the world No. 40 said . Goosen , seeking his first European Tour win for five years , carded a flawless 66 to be on 20-under 199 . The 42-year-old , who topped the tour 's Order of Merit money list in 2001 and 2002 , was one shot clear of fourth-placed Englishman Danny Willett , who shot 65 . Another South African , Richard Sterne , was also in contention after firing seven birdies and an eagle in his 64 to claim fifth place on 202 . The 30-year-old , a five-time winner on the tour , is making his first outing in almost a year following back problems . Meanwhile , defending champion Jonathan Byrd claimed a one-shot lead after Friday 's first round of the PGA Tour 's season-opening Tournament of Champions in Hawaii . The 33-year-old , whose only title last year came in Kapalua , carded six-under 67 on the Plantation Course to lead the 28-man field . Fellow American Webb Simpson , who was runner-up in the 2011 FedEx Cup series and the tour 's money list , was equal second with compatriots Steve Stricker and Michael Bradley plus Scotland 's Martin Laird . PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley was sixth after a 69 , while veteran Korean K.J. Choi carded 70 . Lucas Glover , who beat Byrd in a playoff at the Wells Fargo Championship last season , withdrew before his tee-off due to a knee injury suffered while paddleboarding last weekend .	Tjaart van der Walt catches Louis Oosthuzen at the top of the Africa Open leaderboard Veteran South African cards eight-under 65 to join major winner on 21 under par Former European Tour No. 1 Retief Goosen is a shot behind going into final round Defending champion Jonathan Byrd claims a one-shot lead at PGA Tour 's opening event
Tatyana Fazlalizadeh had never heard of the term "  street harassment " until two years ago . Before then , she simply considered the hisses and catcalls from strangers in the street an "  annoying part of everyday life " that came with being a female . Now , street harassment is the focus of an ongoing art project led by Fazlalizadeh that 's drawing global attention . This weekend , as part of International Anti-Street Harassment Week , people from the United States to Australia plastered communities with portraits from Fazlalizadeh 's "  Stop Telling Women to Smile " series . Named for a self-portrait of Fazlalizadeh with the message "  Stop Telling Women to Smile , " the formidable portraits include sentiments meant to deter street harassment . One piece tells viewers , "  You can keep your thoughts on my body to yourself " ; another reads "  Women do n't owe you anything . " Fazlalizadeh has spent the past year and a half traveling the country speaking to women and creating new posters based on their experiences of gender-based street harassment . Her initial goal was to find out how women experience street harassment differently depending on where they live . Women in car-dependent cities described getting calls from men in cars . In cities like New York , Washington and Chicago , women reported men groping or leering at them on public transportation . What seems to be universal is the impact , Fazlalizadeh said . It leaves women feeling vulnerable and unsafe in their communities , as if their sole purpose in leaving the house each day is to entertain men . It makes women think twice about what they wear , the routes they take , even their body language . "  The way that it affects women and things they go through have pretty much the same theme : Women are out for consumption and for your enjoyment , " Fazlalizadeh told CNN . "  It creates a sexually hostile climate in our streets and communities . " Since she started out papering the streets of Brooklyn in 2012 , Fazlalizadeh has forged partnerships with community-based nonprofits and advocacy groups to create and share her work . She works with them to arrange talks with women and get permission from property owners to post her work on walls or in public spaces . She encouraged people who participated in Friday 's global poster-pasting night to act within the bounds of the law . For Anti-Street Harassment Week , Fazlalizadeh put up posters in Atlanta with members of the community . In a talk at Georgia State University earlier in the week , she told a standing room only audience of men and women about the range of responses to the portraits . She receives mostly positive feedback from people in person ; the posters in public , however , bear the brunt of criticism . Sometimes , people scribble derogatory words and phrases on her posters . Other times , she has seen handwritten exchanges on the posters debating its message , like a real-world message board . That 's great , she says , because that 's what the project aims to do : inspire discussion and hopefully collaboration among the sexes . Occasionally , a well-meaning man asks her in person about the idea of intention : What if he does n't intend to harass or make a women feel uncomfortable ? What if he just wants to compliment a woman in the hopes of getting her attention ? Surely , that 's not harassment . Fazlalizadeh understands where he 's coming from , and she respects him for engaging her in discussion , she said . But what matters is how it makes the woman feel , she said . "  That 's where all I can say is , ` I 'm sorry , I do n't agree with you , ' " she said , prompting laughter from the audience . "  That 's where social norms and taking cues are important , " she said . "  But the main goal is to make us rethink what 's considered normal and acceptable treatment of women . "	Street art campaign "  Stop Telling Women to Smile " aims to deter street harassment Tatyana Fazlalizadeh sketches portraits with anti-harassment messages People plastered her posters in their communities for International Anti-Street Hasrassment Week
CNN  -- A Malian presidential candidate conceded to his opponent Monday , a day after a runoff election in the nation rattled in the past year by a coup and insurgent Islamists . Former Finance Minister Soumaila Cisse conceded to former Prime Minister Ibrahim Boubacar Keita on social media . "  My family & myself went to Mr. Keita , the future president of Mali , congratulate him on his victory . God bless you , " he said on Twitter . On his official Facebook page , Cisse issued a statement : "  Dear citizens , dear friends : To those who have been following me and supporting me here on this page for so many months , I would like to tell you that my family and I went tonight at Mr. Ibrahim Boubacar Keita , who will be our next President of the Republic to congratulate him on his victory in the presidential election . " In the first round of voting last month , Keita won nearly 40 % of the vote , while Cisse garnered close to 20 % . Keita ran for office in 2002 and 2007 . He lost both times , most recently to Amadou Toumani Toure . Toure was ousted by a faction of the military in March of last year , plunging Mali , a landlocked country in West Africa , into chaos . A group of outraged soldiers accused the government of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert land in the north . Disgruntled , the soldiers marched to the palace . A few hours later , a soldier appeared on state television and said the military was in control of the nation . The coup leader later stepped down and transferred power to a civilian transitional government . But uncertainty reigned . Islamic extremists , some with ties to al Qaeda , capitalized on the coup . They toppled the Tuareg tribe roaming in the north and seized control of Timbuktu and other cities in the region . They carved out a large portion of the region and began instituting their own laws . Saved from Islamists , Timbuktu 's manuscripts face new threat They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the north . World leaders feared that the al Qaeda-linked militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven . Their victories prompted a French-led military campaign in January to flush out the insurgents . France has a close tie to Mali after holding it as a colony from 1898 to 1960 . A successful election would allow France to withdraw some of the troops it put in place to halt Islamist militants from advancing toward the capital , Bamako . French troops and United Nations peacekeepers still patrol the streets of the fragile north . CNN 's Larry Register contributed to this report from Atlanta , and journalist Katarina Hoije contributed from Bamako .	Soumaila Cisse congratulates his opponent , Ibrahim Boubacar Keita , on social media The former government officials were the top two in a vote last month A new president would allow France to withdraw some troops sent to fight Islamists
OPRAH.com  -- Susan : Kathryn walks through the door of the restaurant , just like the first time we met . Her arms akimbo , reeling off her story . Why she 's late . Why she 's angry at someone I do n't know . What her son has to write for English class . Why her other son 's social studies teacher does n't understand him . Her husband . Her cousin . Her brother . Her audition . Her life writ large . In the telling . As large as her holiday dinners , her novel , her unfinished lists , her outrage at the world 's ills , her embrace , her laugh at her own expense . She 's invited me to lunch to celebrate my Guggenheim fellowship , but 15 minutes in she has not stopped talking . Finally , I must speak . "  Who would you be without your narrative ? " I wonder . It stops her cold . Possessed , she gets up without a word . Walks out of the restaurant , comes back in , and starts over . This time she raises her coffee cup . "  To you ! " she says . And turns it over -- the morning , the reason we 're here , the dialogue . We change direction and revise . Why are we friends ? This is why . Oprah.com : Are you a good  or bad  friend ? Kathryn : I pretty much never fail to remind my friend Suz that we first met in our late 20s when I auditioned for a play of hers in which she made the fatal decision not to cast me . Here is who I remember we were at the beginning . Cute . Very cute girls . No doubts on her part that she was the real deal , an honest-to-God , daring , one-of-a-kind playwright . No doubts on mine that I was a born thespian with unique comedic gifts . No doubts that everything was indeed going to come up roses , because our parents told us so . I have no other friend who was so equally adored by her parents and no other friend who grasps so completely how shocked I still am that the world did not stop spinning to welcome me to it . Oprah.com : Oprah and Gayle , uncensored Susan : Do you know you never looked at my scar ? After my mastectomy , I asked you if you wanted to see it and you said you were n't ready . Kathryn : I had no memory of this moment and was instantly ashamed , even 24 years later , at the thought that my friend could have survived this loss and that I was too frightened to even acknowledge it . Until I realized that what I knew all those years ago was that I could n't imagine my life without her in it , and looking at that scar would have brought me too close to the possibility that I might have lost her at our very beginning . Kathryn : What 's worse than not looking at your scar is the fight we had on the corner . Susan : Well , not a fight . Kathryn : A large disagreeing . A taking to task . Susan : Okay . It felt like a fight . Kathryn : I wanted you to move on . Stop being stuck in regret or sorrow . I did n't want you to waste time on what people did n't give you or how people were n't honoring you appropriately . Susan : That 's you ! You are talking about yourself . You ca n't tolerate my -- Kathryn : Because I completely identify . Susan : I was going to say -- darkness . You ca n't tolerate my pain and worry over my son 's pain and worry . You do n't stop and let the other person 's world take space . You 're too wrapped up in your own circumstance . You who are totally uncontrollable in your panic at any disruption of your own family . That 's what the fight was about for me . Kathryn : I want us to live like we have two minutes left . Susan : Okay . But then you 'll have to stop talking . Oprah.com : 5 friends every woman should have Kathryn : I do n't think I 've ever spent time with you without bursting out in great guffaws . Even after sobbing . Susan : That makes me want to cry . Kathryn : You have this burst laughter , this relish of laughter . I love hearing you laugh . I love making you laugh . I love laughing with you . I can count on you for laughter . Susan : We help each other get over ourselves . Kathryn : Here are some boldfaced differences in who we are . Suz is delicate . She is a tiny thing and I can practically circle her wrist twice with my comparatively enormous hand . She is delicate inside and out , and I am a Russian peasant . She has one breast . I have two  knock knock  . She was married to her high school sweetheart for ten years , had intense love affairs , and has been with Lida for ten . I have been married  so far  to the same husband for 26 years . She has never been fat . Susan : Once , when I was 11 . Oprah.com : Julie Powell meets the Wine Divas Kathryn : Can you remember the longest period that we have n't talked to each other ? Susan : A week ? Kathryn : If a week 's gone by , I start to think , "  Are we in one of those places where you need to tell me something ? " Susan : And I think , "  What do n't you want to tell me ? " Oprah.com : How to cope with the loss of a best friend Susan and Kathryn : Sometimes it 's not wanting to be so intimately observed . To be caught . Because we 're onto each other . As many times as we vow there 's nothing that could rend us asunder , still the anxious space between when something bothers us and when we express it to each other is enormous and scary . We both have permission to be anything , to say anything . We know each other 's fragile places . And are tender with them . Kathryn : You 're one of the few friends , Suz , whom I walk arm in arm with . We do n't do it always , but sometimes . And I think the only other woman I 've done that with is my mom . Susan : So what 's the future of us ? Kathryn : That you finish three or maybe five more fabulous plays . That I get to be in each and every one of them . That we dance at our grandchildren 's weddings . That we wake up joyful and actually sleep through part of the night . And that we get to become the two older women we ca n't believe we 'll be . Susan : Walking arm in arm to the movies in the middle of the afternoon . Continuing the conversation . Oprah.com : Take the friendship test Excerpt by Susan Miller and Kathryn Grody from the May 2011 issue O , The Oprah Magazine Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Two best friends , Susan Miller and Kathryn Grody , analyze their friendship Miller : "  We help each other get over ourselves " "  We both have permission to say anything . We know each other 's fragile places "
CNN  -- What do you tell a worried parent when their concerns are confirmed , that their child has been diagnosed with a food allergy ? I 'm in this position regularly as I work with families who are receiving this often unexpected news for the first time . Unfortunately , food and skin allergies are becoming increasingly more common in American children , according to a recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . I 'm also a parent who was on the receiving end of this food allergy diagnosis regarding my own child . Admittedly , it was difficult to hear . I had my fingers crossed as I braced and prepared for the news . Nonetheless , it was still a huge blow . Our allergist was particularly kind as he informed me that my child was allergic to both peanuts and tree nuts , reminding me , "  Mom , you are not to blame . " Of course I knew this , but it was helpful to be reminded that afternoon . You may even come to depend on your allergist as a friend . These food allergy evaluations are really a partnership , and more is involved in the diagnosis than doing a quick and easy test . Understanding the types of reactions your child has to certain foods , the timing of eating the food in relationship to these reactions , your child 's personal history and the family history : all of these components are critical to helping develop a successful food allergy survival lifestyle . I also have personal experience with food allergies . A lifetime , actually . I was born severely allergic to fish . Three decades ago , when I was a young person , the outlook on food allergy within the community at large was vastly different than it is now . Food allergy and anaphylaxis were not recognized as a major public health concern ; the education and advocacy that surrounds this issue today simply did n't exist . Instead , food allergies were considered vague and very mysterious , and hardly anyone was prepared for allergic reactions to foods . There were no safety guidelines in any restaurants , and many ignorantly thought that severely food allergic people were "  hysterical " or that they simply did n't like a certain food . Epinephrine injectors were thought to be primarily used to treat bee stings . I made countless visits to emergency rooms , wondering if I would make it . No one thought to have me carry an auto-injector or rescue medication at all , and so each and every allergic reaction spiraled out of control . I was forever covered with itchy eczema patches . I developed wheezing . I almost died too many times to count . Because of my history , I was determined with my daughter 's diagnosis to provide a "  normalized " and non-panicked environment where the allergy does n't define her and there is ample awareness and support . Here 's what I do when a parent comes to me : First , I just listen . I take in their experience of challenges , the hurdles at school and at birthday parties , the scorn and disbelief from some , and ultimately their worst fears . Next , we take action : I remind parents that food allergies are a proven source of stress , and I 'm completely honest that the early adjustment period can be extremely difficult . I reinforce , though , that what might seem like a huge amount of work in the beginning quickly becomes familiar and easier . Currently , there is no cure for food allergies , so early recognition and management of allergic reactions are important measures to prevent serious health consequences . Strict avoidance is by far the most effective means of surviving successfully with this medical condition . It 's important for a parent to ensure that your household is allergy-safe for kids . Once a doctor has confirmed your child has a food allergy , you should immediately clear every item he or she ca n't eat from your pantry , refrigerator and freezer . It 's also a good idea to thoroughly clean and sanitize your cooking utensils , oven , stovetop and cookware . Why ? Keeping unsafe items out of your food storage and preparation areas will reduce opportunities for cross-contamination . Cross-contamination is the cooking or serving of different foods with the same utensils and surfaces . Food allergens can be transferred via unwashed hands or utensils , preparation surfaces , fryer vats and even garnishes . Also , be certain to carefully check soaps , lotions , cosmetics and toiletries for potentially allergenic items , because they can easily end up on little hands and mouths . Do n't assume that friends and family will remember to avoid reaction-causing foods after you 've told them about your child 's allergy . They do n't live with your child 's food allergy every single day and are n't in the habit of checking every label every time . You may need to remind them every once in a while , and in the meantime , teach your child that when they 're unsure about a food , they need to say , "  No , thank you ! " until everyone is used to the food allergy diagnosis . As parents are learning more about the child 's allergic reaction symptoms , I suggest they bring family members or caretakers to doctor appointments . That can be vital in getting everyone onto the same page . Above all else : I remind parents to always keep allergy medications nearby and up to date . Both over-the-counter antihistamines and prescribed epinephrine auto-injectors have an expiration date , after which their effectiveness diminishes . At first , this allergy diagnosis can feel insurmountable . You think everything will be dramatically restricted , but day-to-day family life can still be wonderful and "  normal " once you adjust to the little steps involved in protecting your family member from certain foods .	CDC : Food allergies are on the rise in American children Clear out any foods from the pantry to which your children have allergies Be careful of cross-contamination when cooking
Health.com  -- It 's definitely fall : Kids are back in school , football season has kicked off , and ragweed is blooming . While autumn means cooler temperatures and colorful leaves , it also means runny noses and red eyes for millions of Americans . Doctors recommend a management plan to help chronic allergy sufferers through the fall season . How do you enjoy the season without the side effects ? "  Find out what is causing your allergy symptoms , " says Angel Waldron , a spokeswoman with the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America  AAFA  . "  Get with your doctor and have an allergy management plan . " Health.com : Asthma action plan : What it is and why you need it That management plan may include limiting your outdoor activities to times when the pollen count is n't at its peak , says Rebecca Piltch , MD , an allergy and asthma specialist in San Rafael , California .  It 's usually highest between 5 a.m. and 10 a.m. When you come back inside , change your shoes and clothes , says Neil Kao , MD , of the Allergic Disease and Asthma Center , in Greenville , South Carolina . Changing clothes "  will help reduce the pollen that you are bringing in from outside , says Kao . "  If you do n't at least take off your shoes , you 're tracking the pollen all over the house . " Health.com : 15 hypoallergenic dogs and cats And take a shower to wash any allergens off your body , Dr. Piltch says . Once inside , keep your windows closed , change your air filters , and run your air conditioner , Dr. Kao adds . For more severe allergies , over-the-counter and prescription medications can help . Dr. Kao also recommends nasal sprays , which he says are "  simple and safe . " "  It 's like washing your hands , except for your nose , " he explains . Dr. Kao is n't expecting fall allergies in his home state , South Carolina , to be very bad -- a welcome change . "  With all the rain we 've been getting across the southeast , the temperatures have been getting lower and the rain has been washing the pollen out of the air , " he says . That 's probably good news for allergy sufferers in Greensboro , North Carolina . Last fall , the AAFA named it the allergy capital of the United States . The list is an annual research project that identifies the 100 most challenging places to live in the U.S. with allergies . Health.com : Can not stop coughing ? 8 causes of chronic cough In 2008 , Greensboro had higher-than-average pollen counts , its residents were taking more allergy medications , and the city did n't have enough allergists for its population , according to the report . Health.com : Heartburn or heart attack ? How to tell the difference But not all allergy sufferers in the Southeast will appreciate the rain . Some states , like Georgia , may have less pollen after days of flooding rains , but the extra dampness is the perfect climate for mold , a major fall allergy , Dr. Piltch says . Although the South suffers from weed and mold spore allergies in the fall , Gerald Kress , an executive with SDI Health , which operates Pollen.com , says the North and Northeast gets hit particularly hard by ragweed -- and 2009 is shaping up to be a banner year for ragweed pollen . In cities from Columbus , Ohio , to Bangor , Maine , the number of people being affected by allergies is up more than 50 percent over 2008 . "  It 's been a better year for ragweed , " Kress says . Usually the region gets more rain from hurricanes , but that has n't happened this year . Kress expects the number of people suffering from autumn airborne allergies to increase between 2 and 5 percent over last year . "  It 's up 1.3 percent right now , " he says . "  We think we 'll hit the forecast by end November . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Get with your doctor and have an allergy management plan , says expert Limit outdoor activities ; pollen is usually highest between 5 a.m. and 10 a.m. Nasal sprays are "  like washing your hands , except for your nose , " says doctor Flooded states , like Georgia , may have less pollen after recent rains
CNN  -- Fallen For You sprang a surprise at Royal Ascot to win the Coronation Stakes in convincing fashion from Starscope and Irish History . It capped a fine day for jockey William Buick and trainer John Gosden , who triumphed in three of Friday 's races . Elsewhere , the Queen finally scored a winner at Royal Ascot after two disappointing outings earlier this week . In the Coronation Stakes , the day 's feature race for three-year-old fillies , the pre-race trio of favorites Homecoming Queen , Laugh Out Loud and Samitar set a strong early pace . Homecoming Queen , who won the 1,000 Guineas in similar front-running style , was aiming to help Joseph O'Brien to his second win at Royal Ascot after So You Think on Wednesday . But she was overhauled in the final furlong by a powerful burst of speed by the Gosden-trained 12-1 shot , ridden by Buick . Buick earlier won the Albany Stakes on Newfangled and later clinched the Wolferton Handicap on Gatewood . He moves top of the jockey 's standings for this year 's Royal Ascot meeting with four wins in total . The Queen 's filly Estimate won the Queen 's Vase  Group 3  for her first Royal Ascot winner since Free Agent in 2008 . Estimate powered ahead of rivals with two furlongs to go , with a huge cheer erupting from the grandstand as she crossed the winning post under jockey Ryan Moore .	Fallen For You wins Coronation Stakes with William Buick Buick wins two more races on Friday to lead jockey 's standings The Queen scores first Royal Ascot winner since 2008 Her Majesty 's filly Estimate wins the Queen 's Vase
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has apparently released a new message to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks , in which he praises the Arab Spring as a "  devastating blow " to the United States . The hour-long video , posted Monday on websites run by supporters of the terror network , includes an audio broadcast purportedly from al-Zawahiri and a video message from Osama bin Laden , recorded before his death in May . Al-Zawahiri 's speech lauds the Arab Spring as having "  liberated thousands of the members of the Islamic movement 's prisoners , who were imprisoned by direct orders from America . " The uprising in a number of Arab nations , including Egypt , Tunisia and Libya , has also "  liberated the Arab people from handcuffs of fear and terror , " the message says . The bin Laden video is apparently the same footage that was released by the U.S. government after bin Laden was killed in a raid by U.S. forces in Pakistan , but this one includes the audio of the former al Qaeda leader speaking . The version issued by the Pentagon , after it was found in bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound , was silent . The SITE Intelligence Group cites bin Laden 's message as warning Americans against "  falling as slaves " to the control of major corporations and "  Jewish money capital . " In his message , bin Laden also recommends that Americans read the book "  Obama 's Wars " by Bob Woodward , saying that they should realize that Obama 's government has not lived up to his campaign slogan , "  Yes we can . " At the time they released it , U.S. officials said they believed the video , which was entitled "  A Message to the American People " and had not been broadcast by al Qaeda , was recorded in October or November last year . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Ayman al-Zawahiri , the new al Qaeda leader , praises the Arab Spring in an audio address A video message from Osama bin Laden , recorded before his death , is also included The video is apparently one that was released by U.S. officials without audio in May It was seized from bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Israel 's president called the presence of Iranian warships in the Suez Canal a "  provocation " and not a serious "  threat , " but he warned an audience of Europeans that they face an "  existential " danger from the regime 's nuclear program . In Iran , a military commander expressed patriotic pride over the development : the first Iranian vessels to sail through the Suez since the Islamic republic 's 1979 revolution . The rhetoric from the two Mideast enemies flowed after two Iranian ships sailed through the Suez Canal Tuesday on their way to the Mediterranean Sea . The move , which occurred four days after Egypt 's post-Hosni Mubarak government gave the green light to their passage , put Egypt 's new military regime in a prickly position with its Israeli neighbor . Israeli President Shimon Peres , speaking on Wednesday at a meeting with government leaders , diplomats and journalists in Madrid , said that while Iran 's Suez trip was a "  cheap provocation , " it is not by itself a serious "  threat . " "  The real threat stands as a clear warning sign to you and the entire world -- Iran is developing nuclear weapons of mass destruction , " Peres said , according to a statement from his office citing his comments . "  When nuclear weapons fall into the hands of terror organizations , or Iranian proxies , European capitals will be under an existential threat . Spain has suffered terribly from terror attacks and this will be the lot of many other countries in the world if they do not take drastic measures against Iran . Iran desires to take over the entire Middle East and impose its radical religious hegemony on the inhabitants of the Middle East , " he said , according to the statement . The commander of Iran 's navy said Tuesday that "  the presence " of the ships in the Suez means Iran can "  turn threats into opportunities . " "  Iran has always proved that , with guidance of the supreme leader and awareness and intelligence of young people , has reached self-confidence , and the presence of Iran 's Navy flotilla in the Suez Canal is another proof , " Fars News Agency reported . The vessels , a frigate and supply ship , are on a yearlong intelligence-gathering mission to prepare cadets to defend Iran 's cargo ships and oil tankers from the threat of attack by Somali pirates , Iranian officials have said , according to Fars . The Khark and the Alvand , which passed through the canal without incident , are headed to Syria , Fars said , citing officials . The Khark has 250 crew members and can carry three helicopters . Alvand is armed with torpedoes and anti-ship missiles , Fars said . Egypt has sovereignty over the canal . But the country also is bound by the 1978 Camp David Accords , which guarantee the right of free passage by ships belonging to Israel and all other nations on the basis of the Constantinople Convention of 1888 . Before that , Egypt did not allow Israeli ships to sail through the canal . The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade . It connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go around Africa . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day en route to Europe and North America .	Shimon Peres says the "  real threat " is Iran 's nuclear program The Iranian navy 's commander says the trip represents Iran 's "  self-confidence " The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade
CNN  -- Sakineh Mohammadie Ashtiani , a mother of two , is waiting to die in Iran by a method of execution described by her lawyer as "  barbaric " -- stoning . She will be buried up to her chest , deeper than a man would be , and the stones that will be hurled at her will be large enough to cause pain but not so large as to kill her immediately , according to an Amnesty International report that cited the Iranian penal code . The 42-year-old woman from the northern city of Tabriz was convicted of adultery in 2006 , and her execution is imminent , said prominent human rights lawyer Mohammad Mostafaei . Ashtiani was forced to confess after being subjected to 99 lashes , Mostafaei said Thursday in a telephone interview from Tehran . She later retracted that confession and has denied wrongdoing . Her conviction was based not on evidence but on the determination of three out of five judges , Mostafaei said . She has asked forgiveness from the court but the judges refused to grant clemency . Iran 's supreme court upheld the conviction in 2007 . Mostafaei believes a language barrier prevented his client from fully comprehending court proceedings . Ashtiani is of Azerbaijani descent and speaks Turkish , not Farsi . The circumstances of Ashtiani 's case make it not an exception but the rule in Iran , according to Amnesty International , which tracks death penalty cases around the world . "  The majority of those sentenced to death by stoning are women , who suffer disproportionately from such punishment , " the human rights group said in a 2008 report . On Wednesday , Amnesty made a new call to the Iranian government to immediately halt all executions and commute all death sentences . The group has recorded 126 executions in Iran from the start of this year to June 6 . "  The organization is also urging the authorities to review and repeal death penalty laws , to disclose full details of all death sentences and executions and to join the growing international trend towards abolition , " the statement said . In Washington , the State Department criticized the scheduled stoning , saying it raised serious concerns about human rights violations by the Iranian government . "  We have grave concerns that the punishment does not fit the alleged crime , " Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley said Thursday . "  For a modern society such as Iran , we think this raises significant human rights concerns . " Calling Iran 's judicial system "  disproportionate " in its treatment of women , Crowley said , "  From the United States ' standpoint , we do n't think putting women to death for adultery is an appropriate punishment . " Human rights activists have been pushing the Islamic government to abolish stoning , arguing that women are not treated equally before the law in Iran and are especially vulnerable in the judicial system . A woman 's testimony is worth half that of a man . Article 74 of the Iranian penal code requires at least four witnesses -- four men or three men and two women -- for an adulterer to receive a stoning sentence , said Mina Ahadi , coordinator for the International Committee Against Stoning . But there were no witnesses in Ashtiani 's case . Often , said Ahadi , husbands turn wives in to get out of a marriage . Mostafaei said he could not understand how such a savage method of death could exist in the year 2010 or how an innocent woman could be taken from her son and daughter , who have written to the court pleading for their mother 's life . The public wo n't be allowed to witness the stoning , Mostafaei said , for fear of condemnation of such a brutal method . He is hoping there wo n't be an execution . Mostafaei , who himself did jail time in the aftermath of the disputed presidential elections in June 2009 , said he realizes the risk of speaking out for Ashtiani , for fighting for human rights . But he does n't let that deter him . He last saw Ashtiani five months ago behind bars in Tabriz . Since then , he said , he has been searching for a way to save her from the stones . CNN 's Bobby Afshar and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department has "  grave concerns " Sakineh Ashtiani was sentenced to death on adultery charges Mother of two will be killed using a "  barbaric " method , says her Tehran lawyer He says she was forced to confess under duress
Washington  CNN  -- In a major blow to the Republican leadership , the U.S. House on Wednesday defeated a temporary spending measure that would have required spending cuts to offset additional money for federal disaster relief efforts . The vote was 195-230 , with 48 Republicans joining all but a handful of minority Democrats in opposing the short-term spending plan that would keep the government funded for seven weeks after the end of the fiscal year on September 30 . After the result , House Republican leaders met in Speaker John Boehner 's office to decide if they would revise the measure and hold another vote on Thursday . Options under consideration included removing or changing the spending offsets opposed by Democrats , or reducing the total amount of spending to appease conservative Republicans . At issue was a short-term bill to fund government agencies through November 18 that would allocate fewer resources to the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers for disaster response than the Democratic-led Senate approved last week . Additional funds are needed because of recent major floods from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee along the East Coast , and wildfires in Texas that required emergency responses exceeding the amount the agencies have left in their coffers to support recovery and rebuilding efforts . The House measure included a total of $ 3.6 billion in disaster relief money -- $ 1 billion in emergency funds available when the bill is enacted and another $ 2.6 billion to be budgeted for those federal response agencies for the 2012 fiscal year that begins October 1 . In addition , House Republican leaders are insisting that the $ 1 billion in immediate disaster funding be offset with $ 1.5 billion in cuts to a loan program that helps automakers retool their operations to make more fuel-efficient cars . Democrats objected to cutting spending for disaster funding , calling it unprecedented and politicizing emergency relief for Americans . Conservative Republicans , including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia , argued that the nation 's expanding deficits require as much spending restraint as possible . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama asked Congress for a total of $ 5.1 billion in additional disaster aid -- $ 500 million of which was for immediate relief . Last week , the Senate bill that passed with bipartisan support included $ 6.9 billion for FEMA and other federal agencies for immediate disaster relief and for relief in 2012 . The Senate version required no spending offsets . The impasse could leave the government without funding after September 30 if Congress fails to authorize further spending , which would cause a partial shutdown . Cantor , however , said no shutdown would occur . "  Suffice it to say there 's not going to be a shutdown , " Cantor told reporters . "  I think everybody needs to relax . We 're trying to affect change in a way that we spend taxpayer dollars - that 's what this whole thing is about . No one is denying anyone disaster aid if they need it , and we 're trying to be responsible and to do the right thing . " Meanwhile , Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the chamber 's No. 2 Democrat , said his party would support the measure if the offset provision was removed . "  They put something in that was clearly , we think , a job killer , " Hoyer said of the offset that would eliminate the loan program for manufacturing fuel-efficient vehicles . During floor debate on the measure , Hoyer and other Democrats complained that any kind of offset would be unprecedented for emergency funding to help Americans in need . "  Even if they had the best offset in the world , I still think it 's wrong " to require equivalent spending cuts when getting money to disaster victims , said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . To Hoyer , the defeat of the GOP measure "  says that we are continuing to struggle to do things in a bipartisan fashion . " If House Republicans "  expect our votes , they have to work with us , " he said . "  They ca n't just give us something and say ... their way or the highway . " -- CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Kate Bolduan and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Remove the offset and Democrats will support it , Rep. Hoyer says NEW : House Republican leaders consider revising the measure The short-term spending measure falls on a 195-230 vote 48 Republicans join Democrats in opposing it
CNN  -- This year , nearly 300,000 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer . With October being Breast Cancer Awareness Month , we are blessed that for 31 days each year , a global community joins together to support survival , find new treatments and develop a cure . While early stage breast cancer survival rates remain high -- with many women and men going on to live long , healthy lives -- there is no cure for advanced breast cancer . Advanced breast cancer -- Stage III and IV  metastatic  -- is a chronic disease for which there will be no remission or survival . Many of us do n't realize that 20 % to 30 % of all breast cancer cases will become metastatic . I know this personally because I experienced it with my mom , Elizabeth , when she was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer in 2007 . My mother was warm , funny and smart . In her response to living with advanced breast cancer , her most striking quality was her extraordinary strength . When she was first diagnosed with early stage breast cancer in 2004 , she had hope and determination that we would fight the cancer and win . And we did , for a short time , at least . When it returned as metastatic disease during the start of the 2008 presidential campaign , our family felt disappointment and shock , but my mom 's hope remained intact . Even though she knew the disease was not cureable , she was inspired to make sure her remaining time on Earth had meaning . She relished making each and every day count for herself and for the people she loved . One of her goals , and mine , was that her positive days would outnumber the negative ones . And we certainly accomplished that goal . Living with hope , however , requires a great deal of effort for those who are confronted with this disease . Advanced breast cancer is different than early stage breast cancer because the treatment path is much more winding . With early stage breast cancer , we knew that there was a treatment path and only one objective -- we wanted the cancer gone . We could set our lives aside briefly and threw everything we had at the disease . My mom was invested in the best treatment , no matter how aggressive ; and as her daughter , I was invested in her survival regardless of the short-term cost to us . Advanced breast cancer was a very different experience . This time my mom 's treatment path seemed more daunting and there was no clear timeline to guide us ; the cancer would be with us for the remainder of her life . Unlike with early stage breast cancer , we needed to make peace with that fact . Instead of putting life off , my mom did the opposite . She lived with purpose and created meaningful moments , not knowing how many days we would have left . Time is actually a bit of a paradox for people living with advanced cancer and for those who support them . On the one hand , we are grateful for time and want nothing but more of it . On the other hand , that very uncertainty about how much time is left can leave patients and their loved ones reeling with anxiety . For example , if my mom had a headache or back pain , our imaginations could run wild . "  Was this the sign of a tumor progression ? " "  Did this mean our time was drawing near ? " This would remain an underlying fear until her next scan , when  as my mom would say  , we hoped she did n't "  light up like a Christmas tree . " But despite this reality of advanced breast cancer , or perhaps because of it , we embraced each day we had together . The value of that embrace , even if it was just being there , together , was one of the most important lessons I learned from advanced breast cancer . I was n't living in the same state with my mom during her years with advanced breast cancer , but we talked often by phone and she always knew I was there for her . And she was there for me too , always telling me , "  do n't forget about yourself . " She recognized the support I was giving her . But as my mother , she also wanted to continue giving me love and support and encouragement to keep following my dreams . As her daughter , at times as her caregiver , I never felt like there was quite enough I could do . But for both of us , the simple act of being together was what mattered . Though my mom passed away nearly three years ago , I am still a part of a very important community . Today , I want to raise awareness about the unique challenges that face those living with advanced breast cancer . And I do mean living . Many of these women are caring for small children , still working and planning for future life events like weddings and grandchildren . Their focus , like my mom 's , is making each day count . That is why advanced breast cancer needs not only dollars to help fuel research advances , but solid support from all of us -- family , friends , co-workers or anyone touched by the disease . And that is why I 've joined the Count Us , Know Us , Join Us program to help amplify the voice for the advanced breast cancer community . I 'm asking everyone to join in with me and support a community that so desperately needs a voice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cate Edwards .	October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month ; nearly 300,000 women will be diagnosed Cate Edwards : 20 to 30 % of all breast cancer cases will become metastatic She says her mother , who died from breast cancer , lived bravely while fighting cancer Edwards : I ask all of you to join me in an effort to support those living with breast cancer
CNN  -- Jonathan Alpeyrie has photographed 10 wars . He 's captured violence in Somalia , Afghanistan , South Ossetia and Libya . But his recent week taking pictures of rebels in Syria was the most intense , frightening experience of his career . He compares it to Afghanistan when he was embedded in 2010 with the French Foreign Legion . "  If there 's a fight , the French soldiers are trained ; they 're going to protect you . They are skilled in combat and can fight back , " he said . "  In Syria , anything goes . The rebels want you to tell the story , but what they do n't tell you is if something bad happens , they spread out . They leave you . You 're unprotected . "  For me , the stress level was high at all times . " See Alpeyrie 's photos of rebels and refugees fleeing Syria by dark Alpeyrie , a 33-year-old French-American , worked with Greek photojournalist George Moutafis , whose Syrian contacts helped lead them across the Turkish border into Syria . They spent one week photographing rebels -- many just ordinary Syrians who 've taken up arms -- as they battle military forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . Syria has been locked for more than a year in a bloody conflict that began when protesters started demanding that al-Assad relinquish power . The movement grew out of the Arab Spring , a larger phenomenon across the Middle East and North Africa in which Tunisians , Egyptians and Libyans successfully protested for the removal of their leaders in 2011 . In Syria , opposition forces report that as many as 10,000 people have died since March 2011 . It 's been incredibly difficult to know for certain what is happening in Syria because al-Assad has banned journalists from entering the country to cover the conflict . Several journalists who have gotten in to cover the violence have been wounded or killed . Alpeyrie knew the risks . "  I wanted to go , " he said . Alpeyrie , Moutafis and the Syrians who helped them cross into the country had to move at night in pitch blackness , walking seven miles to a village where rebels and their families were hiding . They trudged over mountainous , rocky soil carrying their equipment , their heads hurting with worry that they could trip mines scattered along the border . "  There 's a lot of fighting in the mountains . -LSB- We heard -RSB- machine-gun fire , " said Alpeyrie . "  The problem with that is you really do n't know what 's going on and who 's who . You have no idea if you 're going to be able to get out -LSB- of Syria -RSB- once you 're inside . " When they came to the rebels ' village , they saw houses made of stone and concrete . Alpeyrie relied on the contacts who helped them make it to the village to do the introductions . Neither he nor Moutafis speaks Arabic . The villagers assumed from Alpeyrie 's accent that he was French . Though he went to college in Chicago and lives in New York , the photographer never would have brought up his ties to the United States , he said . "  I never told anybody I have an American background . That 's a big no-no , " he said . If he had , the rebels ' families would still help him out of kindness but "  they would n't like you as much . " "  You have to remember these people are conservative Muslims and America is still a problem for them , even though they wish America would help them , " he said . The Syrians took to calling Alpeyrie "  Nicolas Sarkozy , " the photographer said with a laugh . Though the families were incredibly poor , they generously gave Alpeyrie and Moutafis a little rice , hummus and pita bread . Alpeyrie got most of his shots by using their homes as shelter . "  You 're hiding a lot in houses and rooms , " he said . "  You ca n't really -LSB- for safety reasons -RSB- get out and photograph as much as you 'd like to . " As the days went on , the photographer noticed that he rarely saw many rebels together at one time . They came by in small groups -- maybe a dozen at once . "  That 's because they are retreating , " Alpeyrie said . "  They are losing this war . They do n't have the equipment to stop the -LSB- Syrian Army -RSB- . " He managed to photograph one rebel riding his horse as other fighters napped nearby on a woven rug , their guns propped against a concrete wall . Alpeyrie stood close to another rebel to get a shot of the young man , cigarette dangling from his mouth , pointing his gun toward an area where Syrian snipers were positioned . Shortly after photographing this exhausted fighter , the photojournalist started to get a bad feeling . His gut told him that he 'd pressed his luck enough . "  We told our contact on the ground that we want to get out of here , " he said . "  We said we 're done with our work . " Alpeyrie 's instincts were dead on . Just days later , the Syrian military decimated the nearby town of Idlib , once a rebel stronghold . Alpeyrie and Moutafis began their journey out of Syria by simply walking in the direction of the border , accompanied by the people who had helped get them inside the country . Eventually they connected with their helpers ' families who were trying to flee into Turkey . Again , they had to hike in complete darkness . Occasionally , when the time seemed right , Alpeyrie asked one of the refugees to hold up a flashlight so he could take a photo . At one point , he captured a little boy in motion wearing a bright green sweater adorned with a heart and the word "  Happy . " One of the Syrian fathers traveling with them had two babies and could n't both hold the infants and grasp trees as he navigated through the darkness . So the man handed Alpeyrie one of the babies and the photographer held the child as he struggled across the hilly terrain . The group reached a camp and were able to get in the back of a truck that drove them a final 500 yards to the Turkish border . Alpeyrie remembers seeing the Turkish towers come into view . "  You 're relieved , " he said . "  You do n't even care if the Turkish army catches you . You know you 're safe by then . "	French-American photographer got into Syria through Turkey He carried equipment seven miles in dark to reach rebel village He shot images of the fighting by hiding in rooms in their homes He made it out of Syria riding on a truck , again in the dark , with fleeing refugees
CNN  -- A powerful explosion rocked Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city , late Friday , killing a guard at an office of President Bashar al-Assad 's ruling Baath Party , opposition groups reported . The cause of the blast was not immediately known . Heavy gunfire was heard in its aftermath , the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . Earlier , Syrian authorities foiled a suicide bombing in the city , state media said . The action comes a day after suicide attackers killed dozens in the capital of Damascus , a strike that heightened tensions in a country caught in the grip of a popular uprising . Authorities "  intercepted a stolen booby-trapped minibus " that an attacker tried to detonate in Aleppo 's densely populated neighborhood of al-Shaar , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . A SANA correspondent quoted a source in Aleppo province as saying that "  competent authorities intercepted the terrorist after he hit two policemen , then he blew himself up with an explosive belt , killing himself , " the news agency said . The source said that authorities searching the minibus found four tanks with "  a big quantity of explosives . " An initial state TV report said the forces killed the bomber before he detonated his vehicle carrying 1,200 kilograms , or 2,645 pounds of explosives . Damascus and Aleppo have been the scene of a flurry of attacks in recent months . Aleppo , a commercial center and long a bastion of support for al-Assad , had been largely spared in Syria 's 14 months of bloody uprising . But recent protests and violence there could signal a significant shift . Elsewhere Friday , a number of explosions were reported in cities across the country , including four in Daraa and several in Hama , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . At least 20 people , including the Aleppo security guard , were killed across the country , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Syria 's foreign ministry underscored the urban violence in identical letters to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and U.N. Security Council President Agshin Mehdiyev , who is the Azerbaijani ambassador to the United Nations . The letters said that Damascus , Aleppo and other Syrian cities "  witnessed several terrorist bombings over the last weeks " that left dozens of innocent people dead , the state-run news agency reported . The letters said the country is facing "  terrorist " assaults spearheaded by groups that get arms and money from entities encouraging the actions . The letters said the "  armed terrorist groups " are violating international envoy Kofi Annan 's peace plan and attacked a convoy from the U.N. observer team Wednesday in Daraa province . There were no injuries in that bombing attack . Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , the head of the observer team , was in the convoy . "  Syria will move forward to combat terrorism and defend its people and sovereignty and preserve security and stability in it , " the letters said . Syria blames "  terrorists " for the attacks , the term it uses to describe the opposition and rationalize security forces ' crackdown . Some analysts said the attacks raise concerns about the presence of jihadist elements in Syria , noting Thursday 's Damascus strikes resemble suicide car bombings during the sectarian violence in Iraq in the past decade . But opposition groups have said the regime is responsible for the violence that erupted after it began a crackdown on peaceful protests in March 2011 . That fierce clampdown spurred a grassroots uprising against the regime . The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the conflict , while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . The opposition Syrian National Council said al-Assad 's regime staged Thursday 's deadly suicide bombings in Damascus "  to spur chaos , disrupt the work of the international observers and divert attention away from other crimes being committed by its forces elsewhere . " "  In orchestrating such acts , " the council said Friday , "  the regime seeks to prove its claims of the existence of ` armed terrorist gangs ' in the country that are hindering its so-called ` efforts of political reform . ' " More than 55 people were killed and 370 were injured in Thursday 's two car bombings near a military intelligence center in the Qazzaz neighborhood of Damascus , the nation 's capital . It was the deadliest attack since the uprising against the regime began . But the council questioned how the bombers could have made it past security to conduct the bombings . "  The security branch is heavily guarded and surrounded with cement barriers at a distance from the exterior fence . It would be reckless to carry out such an attack , because it would in no way impact the security building . "  One of the cars was loaded with a large amount of explosive materials . How is it possible that these explosives made it past hundreds of security checkpoints surrounding the entrance to the capital ? " With the focus on the attacks and their aftermath , "  the regime carried out arbitrary arrests across the country , most notable in the Damascus suburb of Damir , " the council said . The latest bombings did n't deter Syrians from taking to the streets in protest across the country Friday , the day opposition groups have been staging nationwide protests . But the attacks cast doubt on the effectiveness of the U.N.-Arab League initiative to impose a truce and a six-point peace plan , forged by Annan , the former U.N. secretary-general . Since the cease-fire went into effect on April 12 , the LCC reports more than 1,000 people have died . An unarmed U.N. observer mission has been monitoring the adherence to the cease-fire and peace plan . The mission now has 145 observers and 56 civilian staff deployed in Syria and is carrying out patrols , a U.N. spokesman said Friday . Three hundred observers are expected within weeks . Annan is weighing an invitation to meet with al-Assad in Syria , his spokesman said as the deadly blasts in Damascus drew widespread condemnation . Syria 's foreign minister invited him days ago , and the invitation is not tied to Thursday 's attacks , a U.N. source said . Russia , meanwhile , condemned Thursday 's suicide bombings and accused outside nations of instigating violence . "  Some countries are inciting outside forces to interfere into the Syrian situation , which is unacceptable , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said , according to Chinese state media . Lavrov , in Beijing for talks with his Chinese counterpart , did not specify the countries . "  Such acts aim to push the country to a new bloody and extremely dangerous wave of violence , " he said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Joe Sterling and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 20 killed in violence across the country Powerful blast rocks Aleppo , opposition groups report Syrian authorities foil suicide bombing , SANA reports Syria sends letters to the U.N. citing the escalation of terrorist attacks
CNN  -- It is no accident that Hanukkah comes in the darkest time of year . The winter holidays are about light , about miracles , and about waking up to light when it is least visible to the naked eye . Food-wise , we jolt our senses alive through texture , taste and flavor with fried foods that couple warmth , crispness , and the smoothness of oil in order to reinvigorate and fine-tune us just as the sun begins to seemingly disappear altogether . For some , Hanukkah is "  the potato pancake holiday " -- a holiday that takes the mundane potato and gives it a massive makeover . It is shredded and tossed and recombined , squeezed and remolded into new form and then fried up lightly so that its texture shifts , its flavor alters . The latke  pancake  itself becomes the miracle of light , of oil , and of transformation . Read more : Diwali , the Hindu festival of lights Hanukkah has always been this "  potato pancake holiday " in my house . No matter what I serve , my family likes simple crispy potato latkes best . Yet in this vastly changing landscape of food , I have tried all different kinds : zucchini , beet , sweet potato , celery root , and apple-horseradish . The favorite is still simple potato . Today we have tiny latkes served with goat 's cheese , tomatoes , herbs , or topped with smoked salmon and dill at latke and vodka parties . Topped with salmon , they make great appetizers . Potatoes have only been part of this holiday since the 18th century , when they came to Europe from the New World . The word latkes stuck , coming from "  platke " in Ukrainian and potato pancakes spread throughout Europe . They came to the United States with immigrants from Eastern Europe at the end of the 19th century . I have celebrated Hanukkah throughout my life , lighting candles each night for eight nights to recall the miracle of the oil . I then have at least one dinner of slowly cooked brisket complemented by crisp fragrant potato latkes cooked in oil and , of course , homemade applesauce . More from CNN Celebrates : Your photos from Australia total solar eclipse Yet of all the Hanukkahs of years past , the most memorable for me was spent in Israel with my children at the home of dear friends . As we walked past houses nearby , we saw the candles lit in the windows and everyone gathering with their own families . When we got to our friends , we lit the candles on several menorahs and had a festive meal . There were no latkes that night , only delicious Moroccan stuffed vegetables and sufganiyot , Israeli doughnuts stuffed with jam , much more popular than pancakes in the holy land . Unlike in America where there are too many presents , the highlight of this evening was being together with friends and family . I also remember taking my children with me to the shuk  marketplace  in downtown Jerusalem to buy our own sufganiyot . We waded through crowds of people excitedly waving their money at the bakers in what felt like a giant pastry auction , all so we could sink our teeth into these massive orbs of fried dough , still warm , dripping with jam . Share with us your defining moment of 2012 These doughnuts were no laughing matter in Israel , and in America , for the years that followed , we made our own renditions . We were revamping our traditions so that the food and the family , more than the material gifts , were the markers of our joyful memories . For many years after , I went to my children 's schools and helped teach the cafeteria staff about how to make jelly donuts from scratch . This was a process , again , of transforming the dough , that flat ball of flour , once something simple growing in the ground , and turning it into something both crispy and smooth , doughy , savory and sweet . The doughnut and the latke , more than the tradition of presents and gifts , were the bright light of our winter holiday . Through the mixer and past the frying pan , the flour and the potato and everything else we added over the years transformed before our very eyes -- reminding us of an ancient tradition meant to recall the miracle of light . Joan Nathan 's latest cookbook is titled Quiches , Kugels , and Couscous : My Search for Jewish Cooking in France	The word Chanukah or Hanukkah means re-dedication and is also known as the Jewish Festival of Lights It is celebrated for eight days and each day a candle on the Hanukiah -- an eight-stemmed candelabrum -- is lit Popular Chanukah food includes latkes  fried potato pancakes  and sufganiyots  doughnuts
CNN  -- Ryan Braun must now sit at home in shame . If press reports are accurate , Alex Rodriguez and about a dozen other Major League Baseball cheaters might do that too . But the homes they sit in are million-dollar mansions . That seems to be the lesson young athletes learn from the latest steroids scandal . Sure , they look bad . But both Braun and Rodriguez have millions of dollars to fall back on . What 's most troubling about this affair is how many of today 's young people believe cheating might be the only way to break through in sports . In a recent Zogby poll , nearly half of males ages 18 through 25 thought that taking performance-enhancing drugs is critical to making it in professional sports or helping one 's athletic performance . And well more than half of those polled thought that at least one-third of the major leaguers in the recent All-Star Game had used performance-enhancing drugs , often called PEDs , to get where they are . The problem is , for every Braun and A-Rod , a thousand young men will never make the majors -- but are willing to risk their health , even their lives , by taking PEDs . These young athletes need to hear more about Taylor Hooton than Ryan Braun . Taylor Hooton was a star high school pitcher who turned to steroids to get to the next level . Although the steroids bulked up his body , they wreaked havoc on his emotions until one day he hanged himself . His father , Don Hooton , has committed his life to trying to help other young athletes steer clear of steroids . Tragic decisions come when you combine motive with opportunity . That 's what we have here . Young athletes see juiced-up athletes in a number of sports get fame and glory and multimillion contracts . They want to be like them . They can go online and find dozens of websites that offer to sell anabolic steroids and other PEDs online . They do n't have to find a shadowy figure lurking on a corner in a long overcoat . Teenagers know how to find just what they think they need on YouTube , eBay and other websites that parents have n't even heard of . But these children know nothing about the dangers of even the purest of steroids , not to mention those that are contaminated with dangerous substances . The Taylor Hooton Foundation has found PEDs that contain contaminants such as lead and other heavy metals , liquid mixers such as cooking oil , horse urine and other filthy contents . What can parents do to keep their kids safe ? Pay attention to sudden fluctuations in weight and muscle growth . If your son or daughter suddenly bulks up , it could be cause for concern . Additionally , pay attention to an extreme shift in personality . Teens are prone to mood shifts , but if suddenly your teen athlete is filled with unexplained rage , speak to him or her about what may be causing the extreme emotions . It 's also important to pay attention to Internet and credit card use . Many teenagers have credit cards , which can be easily used to purchase PEDs online . Recently , the consumer group I head , Digital Citizens Alliance , made four purchases online , and the illegal drugs arrived in just under a month . Talk to your teenagers regularly about why they should n't be using PEDs . To use them is cheating , they are illegal to possess without a prescription , and they can do serious damage to teens ' bodies and their minds . It 's a sad fact that if they play high school or college sports , these youths probably already know of someone who has taken PEDs . Do n't assume it 's someone else 's problem . Most important , do n't ignore the warning signs , even if it leads to a tough conversation . Make sure young athletes hear the whole story . Most of the media coverage around the MLB scandal is whether the PED use is "  worth " the risk of millions of dollars in lost salary and the shame that comes with getting caught . But the real risk for young athletes is their health . The young athletes who appear to be our fit and finest could be facing decades of health trouble -- including liver abnormalities and tumors , increased risk for heart attacks , depression and more -- from taking PEDs . Make sure that for every story about A-Rod , they hear about Taylor Hooton . Let them know that fame and money -- and the risk of shame -- are not what really is at stake here . When they use PEDs , they are risking their lives and their health . And that is never worth the risk . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Galvin .	Tom Galvin : Ryan Braun , Alex Rodriguez still have millions despite baseball scandal Galvin : Many teens think cheating might be the only way to break through in sports Remember Taylor Hooton , he says , a teen who killed himself under influence of steroids Galvin : Tell teens performance-enhancing drugs cause liver trouble , depression and more
In a lush field outside Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar , the face of a little girl stares up at the clouds , her eyes searching for the whirring machines that destroyed her family . Her face -- a picture of innocence -- adorns a giant poster that has been printed out by a group of artist-activists in Pakistan as part of a project , known as #NotABugSplat , to humanize victims of the controversial U.S. drone program in Pakistan 's restive tribal region . According to one artist , who identified himself as R , the project is a reaction to the dehumanizing nature of drone warfare , where operators preside over deadly missile attacks from thousands of miles away , coining terms such as "  bug splat " to describe victims of these strikes because "  viewing the  dead  body through a grainy video image gives the sense of an insect being crushed . " "  We want to shame drone operators and make them realize the human cost of their actions , " said R. Sharing untold stories The artists ' work is inspired by "  Inside Out , " a global art project by renowned French photographer JR that uses photographic portraits to share the untold stories and images of people in their communities . Six months ago , the team behind #NotABugSplat contacted UK-based legal charity Reprive , which has been working with prominent lawyer Shehzad Akbar to investigate the human cost of drone strikes in Pakistan . It was Akbar who gave the #NotABugSplat team the image of a girl who had lost her parents to a drone strike in 2010 in the North Waziristan village of Dande Darpa Khel . According to Akbar , the strike led to the destruction of several mud homes housing Afghan refugees , and the victims had been mainly women and children . The photograph was taken by Noor Behram , a photojournalist based in North Waziristan . The name of the child and her actual location is unknown , lost in the nameless surge of refugees that populate this conflict-torn region of Pakistan . Permanent part of landscape #NotABugSplat said they laid out her image in the field long enough for it to be "  captured by satellites in order to make it a permanent part of the landscape on online mapping sites . " They had originally wanted to take the poster to Waziristan , where most drone strikes actually take place . But a lack of access due to ongoing operations by security forces meant the poster was laid out in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa instead . Though there has not been a confirmed drone strike in Pakistan since December 2013 , #NotABugSplat wants to continue to put up more posters of children to instigate further dialogue and awareness , because as R puts it , "  it is only the loss of a child that can show the impact that drone strikes have on the residents of these regions . " Drone strikes in the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties . The drone strikes have further roiled relations between the two nations , which flared following a 2011 raid by U.S. commandos on a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . According to The Bureau of Investigative Journalism , 383 U.S. drone strikes have been reported in Pakistan since 2004 with the death toll estimated to be between 2,296 and 3,718 .	#NotABugSplat project set up to humanize victims of drone warfare in Pakistan The project uses a giant photograph of a girl who lost her family in a strike Drone strikes have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties Thousands of people , including women and children , have died since 2004
CNN  -- Smiling children are using prosthetic hands to open windows through which we can glimpse the future of health care -- a future where outsiders and amateurs innovate along with insiders and professionals . The question is , "  Will America lead the way , as it has for a century , or will it fall behind , as it has begun to do ? " My forthcoming Mercatus Center research "  Fortress and Frontier in American Health Care " argues that leading requires us to abandon the partisan rancor over health insurance  "  Obamacare " vs. "  repeal and replace "  and focus , instead , on innovating our way to better health . FDA-approved prosthetic hands cost around $ 40,000 . Several years ago , a South African carpenter lost some fingers in an accident and collaborated with a Washington state puppetmaker to invent a vastly more affordable device . They adapted a 19th-century metal-and-whalebone design for a 21st-century 3-D printer to produce a hand that allows users to drive , ride bikes , play ball , grasp objects and feel normal and complete . Printed hands require only a few hours of assembly time , and materials  essentially a special glue , string and screws  cost between $ 10 and $ 50 -- 1/1000 the cost of professional models . The proliferation of printed hands began when Jon Schull at the Rochester Institute of Technology formed e-NABLE , a global , Web-based social network , to connect people who need hands with people who are interested in building them . Amateurs quickly began modifying the hands . One added an extra thumb so his son could grasp objects more easily . A student designed a hand that rotates at the wrist just as natural hands can but which $ 40,000 prosthetics ca n't . Children designed hands that mimic those of comic-book superheroes -- earning the envy of classmates . Professional prosthetics are much more elaborate , but at $ 40,000 a pop , they are n't practical for growing children . A fashion designer created stunningly beautiful hands for a fellow student . 3-D Printed hands are evolving at breathtaking speed because of what my Mercatus colleague Adam Thierer calls "  permissionless innovation . " No one has to beg permission from anyone to design , modify or distribute hands . That would n't be true if the hands included sensors and/or motors or if they were sold , rather than given away . Regulators would likely swoop in , and innovation would slow . Permissionless innovation is largely alien to health care . New drugs , devices and procedures typically wait for years as regulators sort through stacks of proposals and tons of data . The film "  Dallas Buyers Club " is based on the true story of an AIDS victim , 30 days from death , who was denied lifesaving treatment because the Food and Drug Administration wanted extra years of testing to assure safety and effectiveness . The greatest example of permissionless innovation is the Internet . In the early 1990s , the federal government surrendered control over the Internet and enabled commercial developers to make full use of the system . Once that happened , professionals and amateurs produced software , hardware and apps in ways and at speeds no one could have foreseen . An American of 25 years ago could scarcely believe our world of Google , Siri , GPS , YouTube , Street View , Facebook , Amazon , Bitcoin and Kindle . None of this would have happened had there been a Federal Internet Commission judging each innovation . If you think , "  but health care is different , " keep in mind that it would have been equally easy in 1989 to demand heavy regulation of a frightening new communication technology . The Internet raises risks of online fraud , sexual predators , coordinated terrorism , identity theft and privacy violations . If such things as OnStar , GM 's safety and connectivity system , or hospital connectivity fails , people can die . Somehow , we decided to accept these risks to enjoy the benefits . Health care may change as much by 2039 as consumer electronics did since 1989 . We 'll likely see 3-D printed transplantable organs , drugs tailor-made to patients ' personal DNA , nanobots to repair damaged genes and artificial intelligence to guide people toward wellness . Excessive regulation , however , can bring these processes to a crawl . Adam Thierer says , "  Trying to preemptively plan for every hypothetical worst-case scenario means the best-case scenarios will never come about . " The innovations will happen in Europe , India , Singapore and elsewhere if not here . And to compete , we have to accept some risks and open the door to some outside innovators . No one suggests completely deregulated health care . The question is one of degree and design . Already , Europe surpasses the United States in drug availability , thanks to its more decentralized approval process . We can suggest an Iron Law of Innovation : For better products at lower cost , you must allow reasonable risk-taking  by consumers and producers  , and you must allow unknown outsiders to introduce unexpected genius into the process . The printed hand shows us how . The task is to apply its lessons across health care . Talking about innovation will be a lot more fun and incredibly more productive than squabbling over Obamacare . Rise of ` cyberathletes ' could change sport as we know it	Robert Graboyes : 3-D printers are opening up possibilities for low-cost prosthetics FDA-approved prosthetic hands , for example , can cost $ 40,000 . Printed ones , about $ 50 He says "  permissionless innovation " lets design of 3-D printed hands quickly evolve Graboyes : Such unleashed innovation should be applied across all of health care
Washington  CNN  -- The bar has never been lower for the nearly 100 freshmen of the 113th Congress who were sworn-in on Thursday . After all , it wo n't take much to exceed the abysmal approval rating of the previous Congress . Despite the usual burst optimism of a freshman class on Capitol Hill and the sentiment to reach across the aisle and dissolve partisan gridlock , recent history shows those pledges are destined to falter like so many New Year 's resolutions . "  On the day people are sworn in they are entitled to dream , " said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  The idea that they are going to bridge the unbridgeable gap between the two parties is indeed a dream . " Obama signs fiscal cliff bill into law The new Congress faces many of the same stubborn issues that make bipartisanship in a politically divided country difficult to achieve . Although Washington averted the worst aspects of the fiscal cliff earlier this week , the automatic spending cuts , or sequester , that were a centerpiece of that debate for months but cut out of the final deal at the last minute are coming around again in February . At about the same time , lawmakers will have to consider raising the nation 's debt ceiling , or the ability of the Treasury to borrow money to pay the nation 's bills . Both sides are already digging in on spending and debt . Are days of Congress ` going big ' over ? A fresh controversy involves assistance to victims of Superstorm Sandy . An aid bill approved by the Senate was shelved on Tuesday night by House Speaker John Boehner over concerns that voting on a big spending package immediately after approving a fiscal cliff deal that excluded deficit reduction would send a bad political signal . New York and New Jersey politicians were incensed at Boehner 's inaction , prompting New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to growl : that this is "  why the American people hate Congress . " A scaled-back version of $ 9 billion for immediate aid for flood insurance will be considered by both houses on Friday . Lawmakers will weigh the balance of the $ 60 billion plan later this month . Furor over dropped vote for Sandy aid defused Further out on the horizon is an expected fight over gun control , a high priority for the White House in the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre that will face push-back from congressional members with high ratings and big-dollar donations from gun rights advocates . Immigration reform , another White House priority , will also stoke ideological differences and test the demographic shifts in Congress . All in all , the sharp divisions on Capitol Hill are still evident and expectations for meaningful progress on substantive issues are not high . "  My sense is that things are not going to be that different because the fundamental divisions that existed in the previous Congress are still there , " said Alan Abramowitz , a political science professor at Emory University . New faces on Capitol Hill "  We still have a Democratic Senate and Republican House . We still have a divided Congress . The ideological divisions between the parties are as great as they were in the last Congress , " he said . The divide is widened by a continued attrition of moderates , who lost or retired from seats on both sides of the aisle in both chambers . But on the other side of the question there have been subtle shifts in numbers and other changes that could make a difference in how votes on some issues play out , political experts say . Republicans retained control of the House in November but Democrats gained seats there and expanded their control of the Senate . Republicans now fill 234 seats in the new House , down from 242 . There are 201 House Democrats , up from 193 . In the Senate , voters handed two former GOP seats to Democrats for a new balance of 55-45 . The 55 Democratic seats include two independents who caucus with the party . Kirk makes emotional return after stroke For the first time , the House Democratic caucus is dominated by women and racial minorities , while the Republican caucus in that chamber is largely composed of white men . Over in the Senate , 20 women â $ " the largest number in history â $ " will be sworn in . The increased diversity "  means that we reflect America more , " said newly elected Illinois Democrat Rep. Tammy Duckworth . "  You know the district where I come from is a very diverse district , and it is good to see Congress starting to look more like the rest of America . And you see the demographic shifts that are happening across the country . " Partisanship remains strong , however , political experts say . "  Those things are interesting and it 's a good thing to have that diversity ... but just that party attached to the person 's name explains the roll call . It does n't matter the race or the gender . It 's the party affiliation , " Sabato said . Boehner , whose relationship with President Barack Obama frayed further during the fiscal cliff negotiations , received the gavel again on Thursday when he was re-elected to lead the chamber . While 220 of the 234 House Republicans voted for the Ohio lawmaker , a few members did n't answer , simply voted "  present , " or cast ballots for other candidates . Following the fiscal cliff fight , Boehner is telling colleagues no more negotiating deals and that "  regular order works best " from now on . Boehner also signaled the upcoming debt showdown in remarks following his re-election , saying that taming debt was the most important thing for restoring long-term U.S. economic health . "  At $ 16 trillion and rising , our national debt is draining free enterprise and weakening the ship of state . The American Dream is in peril so long as its namesake is weighed down by this anchor of debt . Break its hold , and we begin to set our economy free , " he said . Boehner , under fire from some conservatives , re-elected speaker Obama had stern words for the 113th Congress , warning lawmakers that he will not tolerate the kind of prolonged brinksmanship that defined the fiscal cliff saga . "  While I will negotiate over many things , I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they 've already racked up through the laws that they 've passed , " he said shortly after the House passed the fiscal cliff bill . Obama calls for less ` drama , ' ` brinkmanship ' Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell responded sharply in an opinion piece for Yahoo News , insisting that spending would be part of the debate over the debt ceiling . The incoming freshman class took notes on failures of the previous Congress in hopes of avoiding a repeat performance . Incoming freshmen "  learned a lot from what happened over the last few weeks with the fiscal cliff debacle , " freshman Texas Democrat Rep. Joaquin Castro said on CNN , adding that the takeaway for a lot of his class is to strengthen bipartisan ties . "  A lot of us come in with that mind frame , " he said . McConnell : Debt debate ` starts today ' CNN 's Josh Levs , Tom Watkins , Holly Yan , Robert Yoon and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : John Boehner re-elected House speaker ; says U.S. debt must be tamed The fiscal cliff was averted , but issues like the the sequester and debt ceiling await Congress will vote on scaled-back aid to Superstorm Sandy victims on Friday Democrats gain seats in both chambers , but Republicans keep control of the House
CNN  -- Russians go to the polls on Sunday March 4 to elect a new president . Current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is attempting to regain the post he held between 1999 and 2008 . He has been a dominant force in Russian politics for more than a decade but his popularity has suffered recent setbacks . So who is challenging him and what will the poll mean for Russia ? CNN examines some of the key questions . Russia recently had elections . What is this one about ? Russia 's top job -- that of president -- is being contested this time . It follows parliamentary elections in December in which Putin 's ruling United Russia Party received 49.5 % of the vote -- down from 64 % four years ago . It kept United Russia in power in the lower house , called the Duma , with 238 of the 450 seats but also triggered major protests over allegations of vote rigging and ballot stuffing . Putin dismissed calls for a review , but the outgoing president Dmitry Medvedev announced political reforms in the wake of large demonstrations . Putin is now seeking to regain the presidency which he has held twice before . Russian law prevents presidents serving more that two consecutive terms so he was obliged to stand down in 2008 . How is the president elected ? There are effectively two systems in place . Parties represented in parliament can nominate their own candidate -- others need to collect two million signatures of support that are then scrutinized by Russia 's Central Electoral Commission . Four of the five standing this year are party nominees , while independent candidate , the billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov , garnered enough support to run for the post . To gain the presidency , the candidate must secure 50 % of the poll plus one vote . If this fails to happen there is a run-off between the two highest polling candidates in a second round of voting to be held within two weeks . So who is standing ? There are five candidates : Vladimir Putin of the United Russia Party . A primary focus of his campaign has been modernizing Russia 's military , saying it 's the only way to improve Russian standing in the world . Putin 's political career Gennady Zyuganov , nominated by the Communist Party of the Russian Federation . This is his fourth attempt to gain election to the top office . Sergey Mironov is standing for Just Russia . He is left leaning and lost the 2004 race for the presidency . Vladimir Zhirinovsky for the Liberal Democratic Party . A right-winger , this is his fifth attempt to be elected president . Mikhail Prokhorov , an independent . The billionaire produced a manifesto of democratic and economic reforms but CNN 's Moscow correspondent Phil Black says he 's struggling to shake off his reputation for being too close to the current regime . Metals mogul hoping to shine Another candidate , Grigory Yavlinsky , of the non-parliamentary party Yabloko , was barred from standing by the Central Electoral Commission for invalid signatures -- a move his website suggests was politically motivated . Who is likely win ? Despite a drop in popularity , CNN correspondent Phil Black says Putin is very likely to regain the presidency . A recent poll for the Russian Public Opinion Research Center showed him to be on 55 % with none of the other candidates polling more than 10 % . Putin 's drawing power Black says although Putin is clear favourite to win , he can expect continued public dissent . "  He 'll be leader of a country that has changed dramatically in the last three months , " he said . How long does the president serve ? The president is entitled to stay in office for six years . It used to be four years but the constitution was changed in 2008 to allow the extension to six . Russian presidents can not serve more than two consecutive terms . Vladimir Putin can run again despite two previous presidencies as he is currently in the post of prime minister . How powerful is the president ? In Russia , the president is more powerful than the prime minister . Professor Richard Sakwa , an Associate Fellow of the Russia and Eurasia Program at London-based think-tank Chatham House , explains that the president is responsible for foreign policy and security and has the power to dismiss the prime minister . He says there are two key camps in this election -- those that see Putin as a safe pair of hands providing stability and security , and those that feel he has overstayed his welcome and want a "  move away from heavy-handed political management . " The current president , Dmitry Medvedev , has already been nominated for prime minister by Putin if he wins -- once again swapping roles . In December , Daniel Treisman , a professor of political science at the University of California in the U.S. , told CNN : "  Switching places , although hardly an inspired move , is the simplest way to stir the waters without fear of rocking the boat . Yet the reality is that Putin 's return to the Kremlin will not , in itself , change much . For the last four years , he has made all key decisions , with Medvedev 's advice , and he will continue to do so . " Professor Sakwa adds : "  If Medvedev is prime minister I think he will continue to push through political reform . The prime minister is quite an important figure . " Are there any fears about electoral fraud ? The parliamentary elections in December were marred by allegations of ballot stuffing with the Organization for Security and Cooperation saying in a preliminary report that some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the U.S. also had serious concerns . Thousands of Russians turned out to protest . In response , Medvedev announced political reforms to address discontent . He proposed that Russia returned to direct election of regional governors ; simplify the registration of political parties and presidential candidates ; establish new editorially independent public TV channel ; and called for lifting of many of the political restrictions imposed in the past several years by Putin . Phil Black reports that Putin wants to install 300,000 cameras in 90,000 polling stations at an estimated cost of $ 1 billion to prevent fraud . But Alexei Navalny , a leading opposition figure , told Black that they do n't have any confidence in what Putin says and believe the move to install cameras is a "  gimmick . " What about wider corruption ? Dmitry Medvedev has worked to stamp out corruption in Russia , signing a 2008 decree to counter its effects . Despite this , Russia remains ranked 143rd out of 182 countries on a corruption perception index published by Transparency International . Pavel Ivlev , founder and chairman of the Committee for Russian Economic Freedom , told CNN in January that "  the average citizen has experienced the brutality of corruption carried out day-to-day by an omnipresent and thuggish bureaucracy . "  Each year an estimated 15-20 % of Russia 's economic output goes towards some sort of bribe - whether paying off tax authorities , the police or other local officials -- thus creating a significant drag on small businesses and innovation . " Although Sakwa believes many in Russia never have to pay a bribe he added that there are others , particularly business people , who do have to . "  The tolerance level has come to a point where they 've had enough of this . " If Medvedev returns as prime minister after the presidential election his reforms will be further tested .	Current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is trying to win the post he held between 1999 and 2008 Five candidates are competing for Russia 's top job The president is entitled to stay in office for six years following rule changes in 2008 Although Putin is likely to win , CNN 's Moscow correspondent Phil Black says he can expect continued dissent
In his 20 years of practicing emergency medicine , Dr. David Newman says , he remembers every patient who has walked out of his hospital alive after receiving CPR . It 's not because Newman has an extraordinary memory or because reviving a patient whose heart has stopped sticks in his mind more than other types of trauma . It 's because the number of individuals who survive CPR is so small . In fact , out of the hundreds of CPR patients who have come to the New York hospitals where he has worked , Newman recalls no more than one individual a year making a full recovery . Since it was introduced to American physicians in 1960 , cardiopulmonary resuscitation has become a staple of emergency medicine . Between 2011 and 2012 , more than 14 million people in 60 countries were trained in CPR administration , according to the American Heart Association  PDF  . But recent studies suggest that the number of lives saved by CPR is n't as many as your favorite TV police drama would have you believe . Initially , CPR combined mouth-to-mouth breathing with chest compressions to keep blood and oxygen circulating throughout the body until further measures could be taken to restart the heart . In 2008 , the American Heart Association began teaching "  hands-only CPR , " in which the rescuer pushes down hard and fast in the center of the chest -- about 100 compressions per minute -- and forgoes rescue breaths . The new CPR procedure was developed to simplify the process and eliminate the "  yuck factor " that potential rescuers could associate with putting their mouths on an unconscious victim . Studies showed that the modified procedure was as effective as chest compressions combined with artificial respiration . Yet despite advancements , the overall effectiveness of CPR remains disappointingly low -- although the practice still has its defenders . Exact survival rates are difficult to come by , as studies generally look at specific populations . A 2012 study showed that only about 2 % of adults who collapse on the street and receive CPR recover fully . Another from 2009  PDF  showed that anywhere from 4 % to 16 % of patients who received bystander CPR were eventually discharged from the hospital . About 18 % of seniors who receive CPR at the hospital survive to be discharged , according to a third study  PDF  . So when did the misconception about the effectiveness of CPR begin ? Some researchers argue that television created the myth . Between 1994 and 1995 , researchers from Duke University watched 97 episodes of "  ER , " "  Chicago Hope " and "  Rescue 911 , " taking note of when CPR was administered during each show . In these dramas , 75 % of patients survived immediate cardiac arrest , and two-thirds were discharged from the hospital with full brain function , a stark contrast to the much smaller percentage found by medical studies . Newman says the few who do survive after CPR are what physicians describe as the "  healthy dead " : i.e. "  a boy who drowned moments before , " "  a man who collapses while running a marathon " or someone experiencing a mild heart attack . More common are the "  unhealthy dead " : those with terminal illnesses , the chronically ill and patients who do not receive CPR within five to 10 minutes of cardiac arrest . "  In these cases ,  CPR  is unnecessarily burdensome , invasive and arguably cruel , with little to no chance of benefit , " Newman said . Many survivors suffer abdominal distention or broken rib cages ; some have severe brain damage from being without oxygen for so long . Still , trauma workers , including physicians , nurses and EMTs , are required to do anything and everything in their power to revive the patient unless an advance directive -- a specific written and signed order -- specifies that resuscitation should not be performed . Many veteran physicians have begun to opt out of the resuscitation practices they often administer to their patients . In a 2012 article published in The Guardian , "  How Doctors Choose to Die , " retired physician Dr. Ken Murray reveals that members of his profession frequently turn down everything from chemotherapy to CPR . He notes that years of witnessing and administering "  medical care that makes people suffer " leads many doctors diagnosed with terminal illnesses to choose to spend their last months or years at home and without medical treatment . Murray recalls some fellow physicians who go as far as getting tattoos that read "  no code " to remind rescuers to forgo any attempts at revival . Murray is still an advocate for learning CPR , but he warns against hoping for miracles . "  People have too high expectations about what 's going to happen , " he said . "  They think you 're going to do CPR and 99 out of 100 times  the patient will  be revived , which is just not the case . " Not everyone agrees . Saying that CPR is ineffective is "  the wrong attitude " and a "  self-fulfilling prophecy , " said Dr. Michael Sayre , former chairman of the American Heart Association 's Emergency Cardiovascular Care Committee . "  If you expect it to go poorly , than it will . " Instead , he says , we should be doing more studies : for example , comparing CPR teaching methods with cardiac arrest survival rates in major cities in the United States to understand how and when the technique is most effective . In some cities that have less CPR training , the survival rate is indeed low , Sayre says . But in other metropolitan areas with strong training programs and quick EMS response times , half or more victims survive . Sayre suggests teaching CPR in schools nationwide starting in seventh grade , as well as increasing access to automated external defibrillators , portable machines that shock the heart to get it to "  reboot . " Using an AED , according to Sayre , increases the probability of survival to 80 % . Promising research continues for substitutes to CPR , but "  there are no reasonable alternatives " yet , Newman said . For now , emergency care providers have to use what they know . That does n't mean Newman is happy with that reality . He remembers when he started as an EMT : "  I was led to believe that for those who experienced cardiac arrest , if you put your heart into reviving them , they would come back . "	CPR was introduced to American physicians in 1960 Study : About 2 % of adults who collapse on the street and receive CPR recover fully Study on TV dramas found that 75 % of patients survived immediate cardiac arrest
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Pop singer Ricky Martin declared publicly this week what he avoided discussing for years : He is gay . "  I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man , " Martin wrote on his official Web site . "  I am very blessed to be who I am . " A decade ago , when ABC 's Barbara Walters pressed Martin to address rumors about his sexuality , he declined to confirm or deny them . "  I just do n't feel like it , " Martin said . Now , Martin wrote , "  these years in silence and reflection made me stronger and reminded me that acceptance has to come from within and that this kind of truth gives me the power to conquer emotions I did n't even know existed . " The 39-year-old Puerto Rican native started off with the Latin boy band Menudo before launching his solo career in 1991 . His song "  Livin ' La Vida Loca " rose to the top of the music charts in 1999 and propelled Martin to stardom . Martin said he decided years ago to not share "  my entire truth " with the world because people he loved warned him that "  everything you 've built will collapse . " "  Allowing myself to be seduced by fear and insecurity became a self-fulfilling prophecy of sabotage , " he wrote . "  Today I take full responsibility for my decisions and my actions . " The decision to come out was initiated a few months ago , when he began writing his memoirs , he said . "  I got very close to my truth , " he wrote . "  From the moment I wrote the first phrase I was sure the book was the tool that was going to help me free myself from things I was carrying within me for a long time , " he wrote . "  Things that were too heavy for me to keep inside . " Martin said that disclosing his secret is important because of his two sons , born via surrogate . "  To keep living as I did up until today would be to indirectly diminish the glow that my kids were born with , " he wrote . "  Enough is enough . This has to change . This was not supposed to happen five or 10 years ago , it is supposed to happen now . Today is my day , this is my time , and this is my moment . " Writing the seven paragraphs , he said , "  is a solid step towards my inner peace and vital part of my evolution . " "  What will happen from now on ? It does n't matter . I can only focus on what 's happening to me in this moment . "	Singer Ricky Martin declared publicly that he is gay Martin says , "  I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man " His song "  Livin ' La Vida Loca " rose to top of music charts in 1999
CNN  -- In the ice skating community , Cheryl Davis and Jacqui White are known as "  the moms " because they have been nearly inseparable for 16 years . That 's when their children , Meryl Davis and Charlie White , started skating together as ice dancers . The skating duo , Olympic silver medalists in Vancouver in 2010 and world champions in 2013 , were favorites to bring home the gold medal in the Winter Games in Sochi , Russia -- and they delivered . After placing first with a world-record 78.89 score in the short dance , Davis and White earned a world-record 116.63 in the free program on Monday , bringing home the first-ever gold medal for the United States in the ice dancing competition . Their moms , who fly to and from every competition together , planned to be seated side by side at the Olympics : Davis always on the right , White on her left . "  Even in an interview now , Jacqui will say , ` Wait a minute , she 's on the wrong side , ' " said Davis , a mother of two from West Bloomfield , Michigan . It 's just one of the many rituals these Olympic moms follow as they gear up for what they hoped would be a history-making competition for their children . ` Lucky Uggs ' White always wears a pair of "  lucky Uggs , " and she does n't change her jewelry , a habit that dates to her years as a hockey mom .  Charlie played 13 years of travel hockey and was part of a state championship winning team . "  The hockey moms used to see me come in . If I was wearing a different pair of earrings , they 'd look at me  and say  , ` Hey , you were n't wearing those earrings the last time we won , and it 's the first time they scored on us . You are taking them off , ' " said White , a mother of five , also from Bloomfield Hills , Michigan . "  So I am now superstitious ... and I ca n't get over it , " she said , chuckling . Davis has her own rituals , including writing down every skater 's scores . "  I always take my pad with me , and I always write down every score , and then if I miss one , I 'm like , ` Oh , darn ... ' but it does n't matter , " Davis said with a laugh . The task is pointless , she admitted , since she never looks at the scores again . "  It just keeps us thinking about something else , " she said . "  It gives us a little distraction . " ` Not sure what we gave up ' Davis and White are just two of the thousands of Olympic moms around the country and the world who devoted hours , energy and money -- and a good chunk of their own lives -- to make their children 's Olympic dreams come true . But do n't mention the "  S word " to them : sacrifice . They do n't believe they 've sacrificed to get here . "  I know that people want to call it a sacrifice , and it is in some ways , because you do put a lot of your time and a lot of your money into it . But on the other hand , a sacrifice almost means you are almost giving up a lot , " Davis said . "  I am not sure what we gave up . " The early years were harder , Davis and White admit , especially as both kids trained for singles ' competitions in addition to working together on ice dancing . Meryl , who just turned 27 , started skating at age 5 . Charlie , 26 , began when he was 3 . "  We were there every single day . We would drive them , pick them up from school , drive them to the rink , stay with them ... rush over while they were on the ice and get them a bagel with cream cheese or chocolate milk or whatever they wanted , " White said . "  It 's long enough ago so that it gets kind of blurred into the rest of the years , but early on , it was a lot of time . It was a lot more dedication and work for us , but it was work we really enjoyed and really loved , so it does n't fall in the ` sacrifice ' label . " ` Each one is special ' An additional challenge for any Olympic family is making sure the other siblings do n't feel shadowed by a 24/7 commitment to a sport . Championship figure skating includes four or five hours on the ice every day , dance lessons , physical fitness training , travel to competitions , research for costumes , appearances and interviews . Amy Hughes of Great Neck , New York , is a mom of six whose daughter Sarah won the Olympic gold in figure skating in 2002 and whose daughter Emily competed in the 2006 Games . "  I think because there were six of them , it was much healthier , " Amy Hughes said . "  People would come in ,  and  they said , ` You do n't have all of Sarah and Emily 's stuff up ; you have everybody 's . ' "  I said , ` Well , each one is special . ' " Hughes recently asked Emily what she did as a mom to raise an Olympian , "  She says , ` Oh , Ma , you got us everywhere we had to go , and then you 'd forget to pick us up . ' And I laughed , and I said , ` You know , you 're right . ' " ` Charlie 's my boat ' Raising an Olympian , especially in figure skating with the cost of ice time , lessons , choreography , costumes and travel , can take a financial toll on a family . Hughes , White and Davis say they 're thankful that was n't their experience . "  I have to ask  my husband  , how did we do it ? I ca n't answer that , because I do n't know . I just know we kept going and going , " said Hughes , whose husband is a real estate tax attorney . "  It was n't like some skating families  who  have to remortgage their house . We did n't have to do that , " said Davis , a former teacher . "  When you look at what other people sacrifice -- and people we know , personally , are some of those people -- it breaks my heart that they 've put so much into it and not all kids are lucky enough to get where our kids are . " White jokes that she does n't know how much she 's spent on more than 20 years of ice skating because she tries "  not to look . " "  We try not to add it up , because I 'm sure if we added it up , then we would start to feel like , ` Oh , my God , we 've made such a sacrifice , ' " White said . "  I always tell Meryl she 's my cottage , " said Davis , joking that money spent on skating could have bought the family a second home . "  And Charlie 's my boat , " White added . ` Thank you , Mom ' Both Davis and White are part of Procter & Gamble 's "  Thank You , Mom , " program , which highlights the awe-inspiring contributions of Olympic moms . The program includes providing a "  family home " in Sochi , where U.S. athletes and their families can get free meals and beauty services , as well as help for U.S. families to pay the travel costs to Russia . Each Olympic Games , the company creates an ad that seems to make just about every mom -- this one included -- need to grab the tissues . In the current ad , moms are seen picking up their toddlers after falls on the ice and in the snow and bucking them up when things were not going their way . "  When I watch that commercial , it really grabs my heart , " White said . "  I think you sit there and you wonder , how many times can you fall and get back up again ? Your first instinct is to go out there and say ` Stop hurting yourself ; let me take you home to something fun , ' but you do n't , because the more loving thing is to let them go , let them pick themselves up sometimes and let them continue on and get stronger because of it . " ` You ca n't help but cry ' How much joy did "  the moms " expect to feel when they watched Meryl and Charlie compete for Olympic gold in Sochi ? "  Every time we talk about the joy of it and how much we love it , that 's when we start to cry , " Davis said . "  You are so bursting with pride  about  who they are and what they 've accomplished that you always start to cry . You ca n't help but cry . " White says she 's sometimes wondered , does skating create the person that is so awesome , or does the awesomeness of the person create the skater ? "  Because I look at Meryl and Charlie , they 're such an awesome couple as people , and I just wonder , has the discipline and everything that is involved in their skating career helped to shape that personality ? "  We feel proud of the people they are . I feel that that 's what we are most proud of , " White said . Hughes planned to watch Meryl and Charlie , and all the other skaters , from her living room in New York . She knows exactly what it feels like to watch not one , but two children compete for Olympic gold . "  Indescribable , " she said with a laugh . "  We did n't expect any of this . I just feel like it 's all this tremendous gift ... and the whole family was thrilled . We were all there for everybody . " What do you think it takes to raise an Olympian ? Chime in below in comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook , or share your photos and stories on CNN iReport !	Ice dancers Meryl Davis and Charlie White still make their moms tear up Many moms of Olympians downplay talk sacrifices they 've made Moms admit to competition rituals such as wearing a pair of "  lucky Uggs " The financial challenges of raising an Olympian can be staggering , moms say
Beijing  CNN  -- When Hu Jintao steps down as leader of China 's Communist Party this month , not everyone will view his record over the last 10 years favorably . All told , it 's a record of rapid social and economic changes punctuated by political turmoil , disaster and crackdowns . Working in tandem with Premier Wen Jiabao , the 69-year-old Hu is credited for solidifying China 's position as a rising global power . But Hu also has his share of critics . "  Although the reform and opening has given the party huge fortune , the distribution of wealth has been extremely uneven , " said Zhang Ming , from the Department of Political Science at Renmin University in China . Many ordinary Chinese agree . "  China as a nation has become richer and stronger , " said Li Yong , a white-collar worker in Beijing . "  But many people are not feeling rich and strong . It seems prosperity has not trickled down much . " "  Guofu , minqiong " -- the nation has become richer , the people poorer -- this is one popular assessment of Hu 's time in office . That rings ironic , observers say , given Hu 's image as a populist politician . An engineer with extensive experience in China 's poor , underdeveloped interior provinces , Hu worked his way up the ranks of the party through the Communist Youth League  CYL  , a training ground of party cadres that now boasts about 70 million members . From the CYL , Hu was appointed as party chief in China 's impoverished western provinces of Guizhou and Tibet . In 1992 , he was singled out by paramount leader Deng Xiaoping for promotion as the "  core " of the younger generation , strategically given a place in the elite Politburo . Five years later , he became the youngest member of the Politburo 's Standing Committee -- the country 's elite decision-making body -- lining him up as the presumptive leader of the "  fourth generation . " He took charge at the 16th Party Congress in 2002 when he succeeded President Jiang Zemin as Communist Party chief , before taking over as state president the following year . Hu has tried to carve out his legacy by championing the country 's "  scientific development , " a catchphrase for his policies , which sought more balanced , equitable and sustainable development , rather than breakneck economic growth as pursued by his predecessor , Jiang . Hu 's program called for increased social spending to help poor or unemployed farmers and urban workers to ensure social stability , or "  weiwen . " In the last party congress five years ago , Hu managed to amend the party 's constitution to include his scientific development mantra . It was widely viewed as a sign that he had consolidated his power five years after succeeding Jiang . Under Hu 's watch , China has become the world 's second largest economy . The World Bank estimates its GDP to be $ 7.318 billion , as factors such as low labor costs and an undervalued currency combined to boost economic growth between 2003 and 2007 . He is also credited with improving the country 's military and boosting national pride . In 2008 , China hosted the Olympic games , putting the spotlight on China 's emergence as a world power . In June this year , China completed its first manned space docking -- a significant milestone in its bid to construct a space station -- and sent its first female astronaut into orbit , only the third country ever to do so . In October , China sent its first aircraft carrier to sea , emblematic of China 's growing ability to project its military power beyond its borders . But Hu has always advocated China 's "  peaceful rise , " which observers take to mean building a prosperous and "  harmonious society . " Critics say he has failed to achieve this goal . "  In these 10 years , China is nothing close to harmonious , " said Zhang . "  Conflicts and contradictions have become worse . In fact it is reaching a crisis point . " When faced with ethnic unrest in Tibet in 2008 and the restive Xinjiang province in western China in 2009 , Hu showed his steely side by cracking down harshly , using the police and the military , and censoring related content on the Internet . Hu 's regime likewise showed little tolerance towards political opposition , rounding up the most vocal dissidents and social activists , putting them in prison , under house arrest or making them disappear for weeks . The most prominent victims of political repression include Nobel peace laureate Liu Xiaobo and his wife Liu Xia , Sakharov Prize awardee Hu Jia , artist Ai Wei Wei , and blind activist Chen Guangcheng . Under Hu , China has kept a tight control of the media , especially the country 's huge social media community . In March , for example , Internet regulators required the 300 million microbloggers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service , to register their real names on posts to make then more accountable . "  Post-2007 , Hu strengthened the coercive arm of the state , " said David Zweig , political professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . But Hu has failed to narrow the country 's widening wealth gap . Speaking at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development in Brazil in June , China 's Premier said his country still has more than 100 million people living below the poverty line -- despite the size of its economy . A study earlier this year by Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in China found that China 's top 10 % of households surveyed have 57 % of the total income and 85 % of total assets . Recent years have seen a growing rural-urban disparity with millions moving to cities to improve their income prospects . Meanwhile , those who believed Hu would open up China 's political system would be likewise disappointed . He has called Western-style democracy a "  blind alley " and has resisted pressure to pursue even the most modest reform of the political system . With little transparency , accountability and pluralism , the Communist Party under Hu has made little progress in curbing endemic corruption in the party and the government . "  Hu is seen to have been weak leader , missing opportunities , and putting excessive concern for order , his so-called ` hexie shehui '  harmonious society  , " said Zweig . "  Criticisms  of Hu 's rule  have even come from the Central Party School , where Xi Jinping is president . " Xi , the state 's current vice president , is expected to take over from Hu as General Secretary of the party at end of the 18th Party Congress . Yet the months leading up to the congress have brought fractious back-room bargaining among the party elite , which is divided between informal "  elitist " and "  populist " factions . Xi 's ability to enforce unity at the top will determine how the new leadership will manage China 's emergence as a global superpower and how it copes with its domestic problems . "  Demand from below for change is great , " said Zweig . "  But Xi Jinping may have to wait until he consolidates his power before he could push his own reform package . " That , he added , may take the 59 year old several months , or even one or two years .	Hu Jintao will be stepping down as China 's leader at the 18th Party Congress Likely to be replaced by his current vice president , Xi Jinping Hu presided over China as it became the world 's second biggest economy However critics point to growing rich-poor divide , corruption , authoritarian rule
CNN  -- Chennai Super Kings won the third staging of the Indian Premier League  IPL  as they beat Mumbai Indians by 22 runs in the final of the Twenty20 tournament on Sunday . Mumbai with home advantage and with an in-form Sachin Tendulkar in their ranks fell well short in their pursuit of the 168 for five wickets posted by Chennai in their allocated overs . Suresh Raina was the star for Chenna with an unbeaten 57 in their knock and a tight spell of bowling including the wicket of lower-order dangerman Harbhajan Singh . He posted a blistering 72-run stand with Chennai and Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni  27  but their total still looked only respectable with the likes of Tendulkar and Keith Pollard in the Mumbai ranks . But off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin immediately piled on the pressure with an opening maiden over to Shikhar Dhawan , who fell in the next over to Australia paceman Doug Bollinger as he edged to Dhoni . Tendulkar and Abhishek Nayar  27  shared a 66-run stand but just when they were upping the ante , Nayar was run out and Raina , introduced for the first time in the 12th over , also got rid of Harbhajan in the same over . The killer blow came in the 15th over when left-arm spinner Shadab Jakati had Tendulkar caught for 48 on the boundary and then removed Saurabh Tiwary . With the Indians needing 55 from the last three overs , the crowd were silent until Pollard , who had been mysteriously kept back , smashed Bollinger for two sixes and two fours in the 18th which yielded 22 runs . However , both Rayudu  21  and Pollard fell in the penultimate over from Albie Morkel and the game was up for Mumbai with the final action played out in near silence among the capacity crowd .	Chennai Super Kings win the final of the IPL by beating Mumbai Indians by 22 runs Suresh Raina hits unbeaten 57 for Chennai and takes key wicket of Harbhajan Singh Sachin Tendulkar scores 48 in losing effort for Mumbai It was the third staging of the money-spinning Twenty20 tournament
Tokyo  CNN  A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country , citing safety concerns , a court official told CNN . Japan 's nuclear watchdog , the Nuclear Regulation Authority , had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company 's Takahama nuclear plant . But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011 , when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant . Since then , the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the country 's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports . But opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart . Keith Henry , managing director of Tokyo-based Asia Strategy , which advises businesses on Japanese public policy issues , says the decision will force Abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy . "  That was a body blow -LSB- for Abe -RSB- because it 's no longer a political issue , it 's a legal issue . It changes the calculus and the dynamics , " he said . "  It 's now in the courts . And the government is powerless to do anything about it . " READ MORE : Power company abandons robot stranded inside Fukushima plant Anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the Fukui District Court 's decision in their favor Tuesday . The nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe , meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster . It said in a statement that "  scientific and professional findings " showed that the safety of the reactors was assured . But the court ruled that the new safety standards were "  loose , " lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant , an official said . The power company said it would appeal the decision . "  We deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended , and can not accept it at all , " it said in a statement . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday that the country 's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the "  world 's strictest " safety standards . The government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart , he said . Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations . Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima Prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture 's governor , although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court . Analyst Henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama decision , as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives . Prior to the Fukushima disaster , about 30 % of Japan 's energy was nuclear generated . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report from Tokyo .	The reopening of two nuclear reactors has been blocked by a Japanese court over safety fears The reactors had previously been cleared to reopen by the country 's nuclear watchdog Japan 's 48 nuclear reactors have been offline in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima disaster
CNN  -- A "  faulty " flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands , an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others , Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday . Turkish Airlines workers carry the coffins of four staff who died in the crash . On February 25 , Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 from Istanbul to Amsterdam dropped from the sky on approach to the landing strip at Schiphol Airport , shattering into three pieces in a muddy field . Pieter van Vollenhoven , head of the Dutch Safety Board , said the instrument was one of the plane 's two altimeters , which measure altitude . Because of the "  faulty " left altimeter , the plane on automatic pilot reacted as if it were lower than it was and started to behave as if it was touching down . The plane was at 700 meters but the instrument indicated that it was at ground level . This caused the automatic throttles to slow the plane down , leading to a loss of speed . The plane was on automatic pilot when it crashed . Van Vollenhoven said there had been misty weather and if it were clearer then the pilots might have noticed how far up they were . He said that if such instruments do n't function , automatic pilots should not be used for landings . Investigators said there had been faulty meter readings on two other flights but the pilots were able to land . Van Vollenhoven said that the pilots realized the problem but failed to appreciate what had been happening until it was too late . In the immediate aftermath of the crash investigators said the plane fell almost vertically to the ground indicating the aircraft did not have enough forward speed . The plane crash less than 500 yards short of the runway . Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact , and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before it went down . Four of the crew and three Boeing employees were among the nine people killed in the crash . Turkey 's flagship airline is well-rated internationally for its overall safety record and the Boeing 737-800 has a good safety record . The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff .	Turkish plane that crashed in Netherlands had faulty instrument Investigators say altimeter gave false reading That made automatic pilot implement landing procedures while plane was too high Turkish Airlines flight 1951 crashed at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport killing nine
Ottawa  CNN  Christianne Boudreau 's voice wavers slightly as she recounts how her little boy became an ISIS militant . Every word seems tinged with anger and regret , but most of all , purpose . The process of radicalization is gradual and persuasive , she said . And deadly . Her son , who joined ISIS 's ranks in Syria , was killed in fighting there more than a year ago . "  It 's so easy for them to get to our children , to access our children , " she said . Boudreau 's son , Damian Clairmont , converted to Islam after a troubling period in high school in Calgary , Canada . The mother remembers her son 's religion bringing him peace . She did n't suspect anything when Clairmont told her he was leaving for Egypt to study Arabic . In reality , the 22-year-old was in Syria alongside ISIS fighters . He was killed during fighting near Aleppo in January 2014 .  Aleppo was considered Syria 's most dangerous city at the time , with intense fighting between government forces , rebels , and ISIS militants  . How did her boy -- the one in photos kneeling by a Christmas tree , or shirtless and raking leaves as a child , or sitting in a laundry basket as a toddler -- end up losing his life fighting for the creation of an Islamic caliphate in the Middle East ? Boudreau is now lending her support and voice to two organizations trying to combat radicalization . Hayat Canada and ExtremeDialogue.org are two new online resources for parents , teachers and communities to help counter extremist messages and recruitment . "  The way a lot of it happens is one main recruiter plants the ideology in their mind and the Internet reinforces that with the information that they can search up and other contacts that they can make easily online , " Boudreau said . Canadians have joined ISIS to fight -- and die -- in Syria Her message boils down to this , something reminiscent of anti-drug ads : Talk to your kids about ISIS before they do . "  We need to start arming ourselves with the knowledge , the awareness , the education , and to be able to deal with these issues and be able to speak with our children at an early age , " Boudreau said . "  We do the same thing with sex education , with drugs , and this is just one more thing that our kids are faced with , a challenge . " The lack of understanding and resources available to families like hers was devastating , she said . She was especially afraid for Clairmont 's younger siblings . "  We were living in a really desperate black hole of trauma and we did n't know how to heal from it , and I was terrified that the anger would burn within them and not being able to cope with this type of trauma and that they would follow the same path , " she said . While growing up in Calgary , in Alberta province , Boudreau remembers her son as a cuddly , warm and compassionate little boy . That changed in high school , when he experienced problems with peers and became withdrawn . He attempted suicide just after his 17th birthday , his mother said . After his recovery he converted to Islam . "  I saw some positive changes start to happen . He became social again . The old Damian that I knew when he was younger , much younger , was starting to come out . He was socializing , he was peaceful , he was grounded , he was n't drinking , he was n't using drugs , there were lots of positive changes , " Boudreau said . But that changed when Clairmont moved out on his own , changed mosques and sought out more and more radical content online , his mother said . What Boudreau learned is while youths can become radicalized online , there is nothing to counter it or to provoke questions about what they are being told . "  In fact , what 's out there is only something that can reinforce those ideas so we really need to start challenging the ideologies that are being placed in their minds , " Boudreau said . Canadian security officials came to her door in 2013 , breaking the news that Clairmont was suspected of being a militant and was likely in Syria , not in Egypt . The next time she spoke on the phone with Clairmont , she confronted her son and he admitted that he was in Syria . "  He was compelled to go there to help save women and children to stop the torture , to stop Bashar al-Assad and that 's what drew him there and as he told me , ` I 'm finally doing something productive in my life , mum , ' " Boudreau said . She says her son was further brainwashed in Syria and the he eventually sided with ISIS , believing they were the stronger group and he was more likely to survive fighting for them . Boudreau wishes the Canadian government had the power then to do what it is doing now : Confiscate passports of Canadians suspected of communicating with terrorists . She wants the government to go even further , to detain and provide counseling and help to those being indoctrinated in extremism . There are families , she says , that are desperate as they see their children being drawn by jihadist propaganda . "  The biggest problem we have is that parents -- a lot of the time -- want to be able to place the blame somewhere else , " she said . "  We want think that our children are safe and it could never happen to us . It 's always going to happen to somebody else . That 's a big mistake we all make as parents . "	Damian Clairmont left Canada to go fight alongside ISIS He was killed in Syria last year during fighting His mother now works to help fight extremist propaganda online
Editor 's note : Peter Bregman is chief executive of Bregman Partners Inc. , a global management consulting firm , and the author of "  Point B : A Short Guide to Leading a Big Change " . He writes a weekly column , How We Work , for HarvardBusiness.org . Peter Bregman says Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett shared their humanity with us . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Last Thursday my wife , Eleanor , flew to Houston , Texas , to see her grandmother , Nana , who had just suffered a debilitating stroke . Nana is 93 years old with few friends left . As she lay in a hospital bed barely able to speak , family members gathered around her to tell her they love her and to say goodbye . Saying goodbye to a loved one is an intensely personal and emotional moment . The memories of time spent together linger as we feel the love , the sadness , the loss . The same day Eleanor gathered with her family , people around the world gathered -- in person and online -- to say goodbye to two outsized public figures to whom they felt connected : Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett . Michael Jackson brought us closer to life itself . We sang with him , danced with him and were amazed by his youthful exuberance and musical talent . He was the original ; I still remember watching "  Billie Jean " on MTV thinking , "  Maybe there is something to this music video thing . " He sold over 800 million albums and "  Thriller " is still the No. 1 selling album of all time . He was a young man with extraordinary talent . We loved him as a young man because he remained real , with his personality shining through his music . But then something happened . As he grew up , he grew away . From himself and from us . We lost touch with his humanness , his personality , his vulnerability . And when we could n't see that , we could n't see him . A few years ago , Anthony Robbins , a motivational speaker who teaches about success in relationships , got divorced . People wondered if this would be the end of his career . Would his audiences abandon him when they found out ? After all , how good was his advice if he could n't hold together his own marriage ? But when he spoke publicly about his divorce , people were amazingly supportive of him . The divorce , his failures , his vulnerabilities , did n't diminish him . They made him human . We ca n't identify with perfection . We can admire it from afar , maybe aspire to it . But we ca n't relate to it because we know , deep down , that we ourselves are flawed . So we trust others who recognize that about themselves , too . Michael Jackson 's tragedy was the second half of his life -- when he hid behind surgery and the high walls of Neverland . Of course , trying to cover up his vulnerability was itself a vulnerability . But , in hiding , he lost himself . And so we lost him , too . That is the exact opposite of what Farrah Fawcett did . In the depths of a horrible , potentially embarrassing illness , Farrah Fawcett came out of hiding . When most of us would shoo the cameras away , she invited us in . She let us see her pain and suffering and fear and sadness . She let us see her self . So many of us fell in love with her all over again . Not for her youthful beauty or her perfection or because she represented some ideal to which we aspired . No , we fell in love with her because we saw the real her . The raw , uncut , painful her . And in her , we saw ourselves . We fell in love with her because we identified with her . Farrah 's youthful beauty transformed through illness and suffering is a dark reminder of the inevitable progression of life , a reminder that we usually try to avoid . She herself tried to avoid aging for a while , with face-lifts and botox . And in her pursuit to retain her perfection , she began to lose us . But then she got real and reached out and we reached back . We reached back because of her vulnerability , not despite it . Between my starting this article and finishing the final draft , Eleanor 's grandmother Nana died . Death is one of the few times in life when something is irrevocably taken from us . It 's impossible to go back and relive the period of our lives when she was with us , when she was younger , when we were younger . Time moves only in one direction . And with her passing we are reminded of a time that has passed in our own lives , of moments we will never relive . It 's a little bit like that with Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett . We feel something deep for them too . Because they , too , touched our lives and changed us . They inspired us , excited us , empowered us . They lived with us . And with their passing , we are reminded of a part of our lives that is gone forever . Both Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett caught our attention because of their particular gifts . But we care about them as people because they let us in , because they were human , real . It 's their vulnerability in the context of their power that was so impossible to resist , so compelling , so moving . That 's what Michael Jackson had and lost . And it 's what Farrah Fawcett lost and found . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bregman .	Bregman : Deaths of Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett touched many deeply He says we identify with the vulnerability of people with fame and talent Bregman : As we grieve , we 're reminded of a part of our lives that is gone forever
CNN  -- A makeup artist , writer and model who loves monkeys and struggles with demons . That 's how Alix Catherine Tichelman , 26 , describes herself on various social media sites . A Facebook profile shows modeling shots of Tichelman in varying states of undress and examples of her poetry . It gives a glimpse into the life of the woman , an alleged prostitute who is accused in the death of a Google executive . Tichelman appeared in court Wednesday in Santa Cruz , California , where she faces a series of charges in the death of Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 . The married father of five was found dead in November on his 50-foot yacht . Authorities say Tichelman gave him an injection of heroin and then , as he began to die , she sipped her wine , gathered her belongings and walked away . She has not entered a plea . Not much is known about Tichelman , but her presence on social media offers some clues . For example , she went to high school in Duluth , just north of Atlanta , and studied journalism at Georgia State University . Another one of her Facebook profiles says she worked at Larry Flynt 's Hustler Club and as an exotic dancer in San Francisco . "  life is great . i am seriously blessed as a motherf ***** . a great boyfriend , nice house , monkeys , loving family ... does n't get any better than this i do n't think , " Tichelman posted in January 2013 . She strikes a more somber note in her poetry , which is posted to one of her Facebook profiles . Tichelman talked about drugs in one piece , dated November 2012 , entitled "  heroin . " It reads : "  this private downward spiral-this suffocating blackhole makes you feel so warm inside , yet makes your heart so cold . each day takes it 's toll , your thoughts become emotionless , your soul feels too old . the demons whispers to me ever so lightly , he never let 's go of his hold , taking everything from me , I 'll end up dying alone . " ` My beloved Dean ! ' On Facebook and Twitter , Tichelman posted photographs and messages about a former boyfriend , Dean Riopelle , a club owner in Atlanta . Riopelle died at his home in Milton , Georgia , just two months before Hayes , the Google executive . The medical examiner ruled Riopelle 's death an accidental overdose from heroin and alcohol . "  At the time , we never thought anything different , " Capt. Shawn McCarty of Milton police told CNN on Thursday . Now authorities are taking a new look at that death "  to make sure there 's nothing  else  to it , " he said . Tichelman also was arrested last year in Atlanta and charged with battery and false report of a crime . The details of that incident were unclear . "  I do n't have to forgive , but that does n't mean I ca n't let it go . Knowing that my life is better than theirs , i have an amazing boyfriend who takes care of me , and a sound and clear conscience when I go to sleep at night . Priceless , " Tichelman wrote on Facebook in June 2012 . The same month , she posted a smiling photograph of her and Riopelle , as well as a photograph of a ring . "  thank you to my beloved Dean ! ** black & white diamond promise ring ** always and forever , " she wrote in a post to accompany the image . Monkeys and Marilyn Manson Her boyfriend was n't the only thing Tichelman loved . On Facebook and Twitter , she talked about her love for the TV show "  Dexter , " her mom , Marilyn Manson and monkeys . Several photographs show her cuddling and playing with the tiny creatures . "  Dexter is so frealin '  sic  good ! Ca n't believe I have n't watched it earlier . #lovableserialkiller , " Tichelman tweeted in November 2012 . Many of her posts are fun and light-hearted . She wrote about working on a novel , modeling projects , setting up a makeup tutorial and her preference for steak and potatoes over turkey and stuffing for Thanksgiving . In the tutorial , posted to YouTube , Tichelman stares straight at the camera as she applies eye makeup . She wears lingerie , which shows off tattoos across her chest and arms . Candles , flowers and stuffed animals can be seen in the background . "  I will be thin and pure like a glass cup . Empty . Pure as light . Music . I move my hands over my body - my shoulders , my collarbone , my rib cage , my hip bones like part of an animal skull , my small thighs . In the mirror my face is pale and my eyes look bruised . "  My hair is pale and thin and the light comes through . I could be a lot younger than twenty four . I could be a child still , untouched , " Tichelman wrote on Facebook in April 2012 , quoting , with a slight tweak , "  The Hanged Man , " a book by Francesca Lia Block . In other posts , she sounds angry and unforgiving , as she does in this note , posted to Facebook in May 2012 . It reads , in part : "  Sick of the lies and all the pain you have given me , Wrapped up in a bow like I thought it was supposed to be But now you 're laying in a box , waiting to suffocate , Saving your last breath as you scratch at your coffin case . I know I 'm crazy , but vengeance is mine , The dirt that pours in your mouth into your eyes , Never thought I would see you so surprised Cause im watching up above as you choke on the dirt Bury the lies and the memories cause all you 've done is hurt . " CNN 's Doug Gross , Amanda Watts and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Alix Catherine Tichelman , 26 , is accused in the death of a Google executive in California She 's lived in Atlanta and describes herself online as a makeup artist , writer and model Tichelman loves monkeys , Marilyn Manson , her mom and the TV show "  Dexter "
CNN  -- A Utah military facility that tests chemical and biological weapons was opened Thursday after a nearly 12-hour lockdown that officials said was prompted by a missing vial of "  nerve agent . " "  On January 26 , during a routine inventory of sensitive material in the chemical laboratory , Dugway officials discovered a discrepancy between the records and the agent on hand , " said a statement issued by the U.S. Army 's Dugway Proving Ground . "  As a precaution , the commander immediately locked down the installation and began efforts to identify the cause of the discrepancy . " The facility was put on lockdown about 7:25 p.m. ET on Wednesday , spokeswoman Paula Thomas said . Authorities said only that the move was "  to resolve a serious concern within the Test Area . " The discrepancy was found to be less than a milliliter , or less than one-fourth of a teaspoon , of VX "  nerve agent , " the statement said . A vial containing 1 ml was located about 3 a.m. Thursday  5 a.m. ET  , the statement said . As of about 6:15 a.m. , authorities said personnel had been allowed inside and would be allowed to go home shortly . "  All personnel are uninjured and safe , " the facility said in a news release . "  The public is safe as well . " VX is an amber-colored , odorless and tasteless oily liquid that does not evaporate easily unless temperatures are high , officials said . "  It evaporates very slowly , almost like motor oil . " People can be exposed to the agent through skin contact -- the most toxic way -- or through eye contact or inhalation , the statement said . VX affects the body 's ability to carry messages through the nerves . About 1,500 employees and contractors are stationed at the proving ground , which covers 798,214 acres and is located in the Great Salt Lake Desert , around 85 miles southwest of Salt Lake City . "  Testers here determine the reliability and survivability of all types of military equipment in a chemical or biological environment , " according to Dugway officials .	NEW : The lockdown was prompted by an inventory discrepancy NEW : The missing vial was found about 5 a.m. ET NEW : No one was ever in danger , authorities say The base is 85 miles southwest of Salt Lake City
CNN  -- A disputed maritime border . Long-standing tensions . And Tuesday , a sharp escalation of hostilities . North and South Korea fired at each other for about an hour on an island that sits off a disputed border . The deadly skirmish raised fears of war between the two rival nations , once again spiking tension in the entire region . How did the latest hostilities begin ? South Korea said North Korea fired artillery Tuesday toward the border between the two nations . Two South Korean marines were killed and 18 soldiers and civilians were wounded . South Korea had been conducting maritime military drills , which the North called "  war maneuvers . " The North accused the South of "  reckless military provocation " for firing dozens of shells inside North Korean territory around the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong . Plumes of smoke billowed from the island of 1,300 people but it was not immediately clear how much damage was incurred . Many residents were fleeing to the South Korean port of Incheon . Why did this happen ? Tension has been running particularly high in the Korean peninsula after the March 26 sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan . Tuesday 's incident , however , is one of the most serious that has occurred in recent years . The hostilities come as North Korea is undergoing transition -- the ailing and reclusive leader Kim Jong Il is believed to be in the process of transferring power to his son Kim Jong Un . Some analysts believe upcoming internal changes have prompted North Korea to flex its military muscle in recent days . Tuesday 's violence was also preceded by the revelation of a North Korean uranium enrichment program . Has this happened before ? Yes , Yeonpyeong Island has come under attack before . Last January , South Korea reported that the North had fired shells that fell in waters north of the Northern Limit Line , the de facto inter-Korean maritime border . North Korea wants that border redrawn farther south . Over the past six decades , small-scale skirmishes have flared repeatedly along both land and sea borders as each state aims to reunify the peninsula according to its own terms and system of government . Deadly naval clashes occurred along the demarcation line in 1999 , 2002 and 2009 . What is the history of conflict ? After Japan 's defeat in World War II , Korea became a divided nation , the capitalist South supported by the United States and its Western allies and the communist North an ally of the Soviet Union . Cold War tensions erupted into war 1950 , devastating the peninsula and taking the lives of as many as 2 million people . The fighting ended with a truce , not a treaty , and settled little . Technically , the two Koreas are still at war . Besides the border skirmishes , other incidents also have proved provocative . In 1968 , North Korea dispatched commandos in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate South Korea 's president . In 1983 , a bombing linked to Pyongyang killed 17 high-level South Korean officials on a visit to Myanmar . In 1987 , the North was accused of bombing a South Korean airliner . What happened with the Cheonan ? South Korea said a North Korean torpedo last March sent the warship Cheonan to the bottom of the Yellow Sea off the Seoul-controlled island of Baengnyeong . The sinking , also in the border area , killed 46 South Korean sailors . South Korea was outraged by the incident . North Korea vehemently denied any responsibility , even after an international investigating team blamed North Korea . The United Nations Security Council statement condemned the attack but stopped short of placing blame on the North . Will the two nations go to war ? South Korea put its military on high alert following Tuesday 's exchange of fire . But whether that will translate into further military action is impossible to predict . Events in the past few months suggested a slight thawing of icy relations . North and South Korea had begun discussions on the possible resumption of reunions of family members separated by the Korean War , and North Korea has requested military talks . In early September , the South offered food aid to the impoverished North for the first time in three years . Given the closed nature of North Korean politics , it 's hard to tell what changes the new leadership of Kim Jong Un will entail or whether re-engagement is on the table . Another wild card is the influence of China ; some South Koreans fear a Chinese takeover in the event of a North Korean collapse . Some analysts viewed Tuesday 's exchange as North Korea flexing its military muscle in the light of its leadership transition . Others said it was related to the nuclear issue . How will nuclear talks be affected ? Washington accuses Pyongyang of running a secret uranium-based nuclear program . The United States , along with the two Koreas , Russia , Japan and China , have been involved in what is called the Six Party Talks . But those talks have been slow , arduous and in limbo since 2008 . And after the revelation of the North Korean uranium enrichment facility a few days ago , the resumption of talks seemed to be in jeopardy . Stephen Bosworth , the U.S. special envoy on North Korean denuclearization , said Tuesday 's hostilities will prove a further obstacle . Choi Jin-wook , senior researcher at the Korea Institute of National Unification , said the North is "  frustrated with Washington 's response to their uranium program , and they think that Washington has almost given up on negotiations with North Korea . " "  I think they realize they ca n't expect anything from Washington or Seoul for several months , so I think they made the provocation , " Choi said . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report .	Tension has been high since the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan A changing situation inside North Korea and the nuclear issue may also be factors , analysts say Yeonpyeong Island also was at the center of a skirmish in January
CNN  -- Henry Joseph Madden was a good student and track team member in high school , but he had a secret : He sometimes wore his mother 's pantyhose and underwear under his clothes . Dr. Jennifer Madden , a family physician , began her transition to being female at age 48 . "  I really wanted to be a girl so bad , and that was one way for me to satisfy those feelings , " Madden said . "  I always felt like someone was looking over my shoulder . " The desire to be female never went away . At age 48 , Madden confessed these feelings to a doctor , and started seeing a gender therapist who suggested Madden was transgendered . Through reconstructive surgeries , electrolysis , laser procedures and voice lessons , Henry Joseph became Jennifer Elizabeth , known as Jenny . She is a practicing family physician in Nashua , New Hampshire . Watch Jenny 's story " Chastity Bono , child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono , announced Thursday the beginning of a transition from female to a male . While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years . The term "  LGBT "  Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender  is more commonly recognized , and transgendered people have been portrayed in the 1999 film "  Boys Do n't Cry " as well as the 2002 book "  Middlesex " by Jeffrey Eugenides . Many people who have transitioned , including Madden , say they knew they had been born into the wrong gender from childhood . As early as age 3 , Dr. Julie Praus , born male , did n't understand why her father wanted to play catch . As a boy , Praus learned how to fish and hunt , but enjoyed collecting Depression-era glassware vases . Praus , 48 , a psychiatrist in Brattleboro , Vermont , started living as a woman in March 2008 . "  I get up every morning and say , ` Wow , I can actually look at myself in the mirror , ' because I 've never been able to do that in my life , because what would stare back at me was not me , " Praus said . iReport.com : Share your story of gender change Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity , but no one has determined what in the biological makeup determines that gender . The interactions between personality and culture also contribute to identity , said Chris Kraft , clinical director at the Johns Hopkins Sexual Behaviors Consultation Unit . The process of changing genders For people who want a gender change on a biological level , the first step is therapy , experts say . Dr. Gary Alter , a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills , California , said patients do n't come to him until they 've been in therapy , a process that can take as much as a year . A therapist then gives a physician approval to start the patient on hormone treatment . At that point , the patient may or may not start living as the chosen sex , Alter said . Females seeking to transition into males may elect to have their breasts removed via surgery . With testosterone , they will grow hair on their face and chest after about two years . Read one man 's female-to-male advice to Chaz Bono A higher percentage of males transitioning to females will go forward with genital surgery than females going to males , Alter said . Surgical methods for creating a penis -- which range from making one out of the clitoris to using the skin from the forearms -- are "  not perfect , " and many patients are happy with just chest surgery , he said . Genital surgeries for creating female genitalia are better , he said . Alter 's method is to make a clitoris out of the head of the penis , and make space for a vagina . Facing the rest of the world It is rare for people to undergo a gender transition and then want to reverse it , especially when surgery is involved , experts say . Some say changing genders is one of the best things they 've done , like Jamison Green , 60 , author of "  Becoming a Visible Man , " who went through chest reconstruction and genital surgery . "  I do n't have too hard of a time telling people about it , " Green said . "  I worried about that a lot in the beginning , before there was any kind of community and support about this condition , but one of the things I learned early on was that living in fear and shame is not very healthy . " Green , who started his transition at age 40 , is now happily married to a woman whom he did not know before his change . Praus is also married to a woman , who knew her before her transition . Madden has a boyfriend . "  For the longest time , I really felt like I had a mental illness , and I do n't feel that way anymore , " Madden said . But all three have experienced shock and dismay from others around them . Green said his mother took five years to adjust . One of Praus ' sons does n't speak to her . Madden 's marriage to a woman ended in divorce during her transition , and her children have struggled . Yet these three transgendered individuals say they feel better in many ways in their chosen gender roles . "  My patients say I 'm a better doctor , " Praus said . "  Some of it is that I 'm not exerting so much energy hiding myself . " Psychologists recommend that people who change genders adopt a "  transgendered identity , " and not keep their history of transition a secret . But some who "  pass " as their new genders do n't want to risk stigma , and tell only people closest to them , Kraft said . Often , males who transition to females face more problems than females who become males , Kraft said . Transgendered individuals who start as men tend to face more stigma , particularly if they are more noticeably transgendered . Transgendered individuals do face some legal quandaries . Some states require people to show proof of a medical procedure before changing gender on documents such as driver 's licenses , while others require that the person has taken hormones , Kraft said . People may also elect to change their birth certificates to reflect chosen gender . Chastity Bono , who now goes by "  Chaz , " has been a prominent gay-rights activist . "  You could speculate that that could make it more complicated -- when you 're a public figure -- to take on something stigmatizing " such as a gender transition , Kraft said .	Estimate : 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity People rarely undergo gender-reassignment surgery and then want to reverse it
CNN  -- The reaction to Kanye West 's hijacking of the microphone from Taylor Swift during her acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards came quickly and unequivocally . Kanye West took the microphone from Taylor Swift during her speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards . Celebrities and fans alike expressed their disapproval of West interrupting Swift 's win for Best Female Video to tout his appreciation of nominee Beyonce . "  Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , " West said after grabbing the microphone from a clearly stunned Swift . "  I 'll let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time ! One of the best videos of all time ! " Elliott Wilson , founder and chief executive officer of Rap Radar , sat in front of members of West 's entourage at the live Sunday night awards show and said the mood quickly turned from one of surprised amusement to anger . Watch West grab the microphone from Swift " "  At first , people were n't sure if it was kind of like a gag , " Wilson said . "  You could feel everybody being nervous and not knowing if it was a prank or something . Then people started booing him really loud . " Wilson said he believes that West -- who he said bounded on stage from his seat in the front row near Beyonce -- intended to have his say before allowing Swift to continue but said the rapper became angered by the crowd response in a moment that was n't captured by the MTV cameras . "  The reaction to his tantrum was so strong ... and what happened was , he gave everybody the finger , " Wilson said . Stars taking to Twitter returned the sentiment with some harsh words for the sometimes mercurial rap star . Singer Pink tweeted , "  Kanye West is the biggest piece of -LSB- expletive -RSB- on earth . Quote me , " and Joel Madden of the band Good Charlotte tweeted , "  All i 'm saying is Taylor Swift is a young chic and you just walk up and grab the mic . " Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton said via Twitter that "  Taylor Swift deserved that award , damnit . It is what THE PEOPLE voted ! My heart broke for her , she looked so sad at the end of that moment . " Singer Katy Perry weighed in with "  F -- u Kanye . It 's like you stepped on a kitten . " VMA nominee Kelly Clarkson took to her blog to publish an open letter to West . "  What happened to you as a child ?? Did you not get hugged enough ?? " she asked . On Monday , "  Taylor Swift , " "  VMAs , " "  Kanye 's " and "  Beyonce " were top trending topics on Twitter . Watch Swift respond to what happened " Wilson , a noted hip-hop journalist , said there was a great deal of tension inside the event Sunday night before West and his girlfriend , model Amber Rose , left the show . "  It was almost like wrestling , when the good guy turns bad and the crowd turns on him , " Wilson said . "  Every time his name was mentioned , people booed . " Wilson said he believes that alcohol may have played a part in West 's actions , given that the rapper appeared both on the red carpet and inside the arena with a bottle of cognac . Wilson added that West is well known for such behavior . He appeared uninvited onstage at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards , walked out of the 2004 American Music Awards after losing in the Best New Artist category and reportedly threw a backstage tantrum at the 2007 VMAs because he did not perform on the main stage . "  I think Kanye came in to be the bad boy , but he obviously had an emotional spaz moment because he is cool " with Beyonce and her husband , Jay-Z , Wilson said . "  I think the alcohol blurred his judgment . " Wilson said attendees at the awards show were allowed to have drinks at their seats . Emil Wilbekin , managing editor of Essence.com , said West may have gone too far with his antics this time . "  I think that it was not Kanye 's place to speak for Beyonce or to ruin Taylor Swift 's moment , " Wilbekin said . "  It 's OK for Kanye to rattle off about himself , but I think he crossed the line when he decided to speak for other people . " Though West is known for having a healthy ego , Wilbekin said , his actions may be damaging the very legacy the rapper claims to want to leave . "  He 's talked about wanting to be Elvis ; he 's talked about wanting to be the new king of pop , " Wilbekin said . "  It 's almost like he 's overshadowing himself by getting in his own way with his mouth . " West apologized to Swift via his blog . As for Swift , the young singer gave her acceptance speech after Beyonce graciously invited her onstage during her win for Video of the Year . West 's disruption was n't the only one the evening offered , Wilson said . During a performance by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys , rapper Lil Mama rushed the stage . Wilson said that from his vantage point in the audience , the female rapper , who also serves as a judge on MTV 's "  America 's Best Dance Crew , " was neither expected nor wanted as part of the performance . iReport : Is civility dead ? The stars ' behavior might have long-lasting consequences , Wilson added . "  I would n't be surprised if MTV banned alcohol -LSB- at the event -RSB- next year , " he said .	Kanye West interrupted Taylor Swift 's VMA acceptance speech Celebs take to Twitter and blogs to express outrage West is well-known for shocking behavior VMA attendee : "  Every time his name was mentioned , people booed "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York suspended all construction crane activity in the city Friday after a crane collapse on the Upper East Side killed two construction workers . Crane wreckage lies on Manhattan 's Upper East Side on Friday in a photo by iReporter Michael Schuman . Acting Buildings Commissioner Robert LiMandri announced the suspension , in effect until Monday , and unveiled a $ 4 million plan to assess high-risk construction activities , including crane operations , and make recommendations to improve safety . "  This year we have seen an increase in accidents and injuries related to high-risk construction activities , " LiMandri said . "  We must make sure that as construction activity in the city continues to increase , the department 's ability to hold the construction industry to higher safety standards keeps pace . " Friday 's accident was the second deadly crane collapse in the city in less than three months . Seven people were killed and 24 were injured in March when a construction crane toppled , plowing through several residential buildings . Crane operator Donald Leo , 30 , died in the initial collpase Friday morning . Construction worker Ramadan Kurtij , 37 , died Friday afternoon of cardiac arrest after being rushed to the hospital . Another construction worker remained critically injured , a city official said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the cranes in the two incidents were different types . "  Two crane collapses in a short period of time look like a pattern , but there 's no reason to think that there 's any real connection , " he said . On a radio program Friday , Bloomberg vowed that an investigation would be conducted and changes would be made if necessary . "  I do n't need any developer or union leader or anybody else telling me about the consequences of slowing things down , " he said . "  Nobody wants this economy to grow more than me . But we 're not going to kill people . " The accident happened shortly after 8 a.m. Bridget Barrett , who lives two buildings away , said she was just leaving for work . "  We heard a loud crash as I was walking down my stairwell . I went to the front door of the building , and it was all white smoke everywhere , " she said . "  The crane had fallen in the middle of the street and was on fire . There was water spewing out of the apartment building all over the place . And I dialed 911 . " See photos from the scene of the collapse " Witnesses said the cab and the arm of the crane crashed more than 20 stories to the ground , smashing the penthouse on a building across the street and gouging chunks out of balconies all the way to the ground . "  It sounded like a large metal structure slowly falling on itself , sounded like a prolonged car accident , " said iReport contributor Daniel Miranda , who lives a block away . "  Construction workers were peering over the edge . Some of them were crying out in grief . " A pedestrian had minor injuries , Bloomberg said at a news conference , adding that nearby buildings with about 160 apartments were evacuated "  strictly as a precaution . " Watch how latest crane collapse raises questions " The collapse occurred a day after a building inspector rescinded a partial stop-work order that had been issued April 24 . The order was issued after an inspection found that employees had been working without a permit and operating a crane in an "  unsafe manner , " according to the city 's Building Department . No other details were available . The collapse left a pile of wreckage at the foot of the Azure , an apartment building under construction at the northwest corner of East 91st Street and First Avenue , a mainly residential area on the city 's Upper East Side . The falling crane also damaged the Electra , a 20-plus-story building on the southwest corner . See where the crane fell " Michael Schuman , another iReporter , said he heard a loud crash , grabbed his camera and went to the scene , about five buildings away . "  I got there before the emergency vehicles . It looked like the crane had broken into three or four large pieces . I saw water pouring out of one of the apartments , " Schuman said . Florence Diamond , a bus driver who was approaching the corner when the accident happened , said the crane 's operator appeared to have been in the cab when the rig fell . Watch as Diamond describes what she saw " "  I just saw all the crane come down in the middle of the street . It was like something out of a movie , " Diamond said . "  I could n't believe the crane had fell , and I also saw the guy that was operating the crane go down with it . It was just one guy . " Appearing at news briefing with Bloomberg , New York Gov. David Paterson said that "  we 're going to have to take a look at all these crane accidents . " "  There 's no need to speculate now on how this happened . That will all be investigated , " he said . "  But certainly , these types of accidents are all too frequent . " Barrett said she had worried about construction sites since the March crane disaster . "  It 's just kind of baffling that this happened again , " she said . "  I 've seen that crane for the past couple months , and of course I thought about , ` What if it fell on my building or buildings around me ? ' I just kind of dismissed it because -LSB- I thought -RSB- there 's no way that could happen after it had already happened once , " she said . A construction worker at the site identifying himself only as Anthony said he did n't know what happened Friday , but he called it "  a scary thing . " "  Everything goes through your head when you start seeing things like that happen , " the worker said . "  You think about your family , your wife , your kids . Just , thank God , you know , whoever is alive is alive . " CNN 's Amy Sahba and Laura Batchelor contributed to the this report .	NEW : City suspends all construction crane activity , unveils assessment plan Death toll rises after second construction worker dies of cardiac arrest One person remains critically injured in Manhattan crane disaster Collapse comes less than three months after seven killed in similar accident
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Charles Grassley on Thursday asked Attorney General Eric Holder to provide a legal analysis that endorsed the swap of five Taliban figures held at the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . It was the latest salvo in clashes between Congress and President Barack Obama over what to some lawmakers appears to be the President 's tendency to act without consulting Capitol Hill . Grassley , the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he was rebuffed earlier this year when he asked the Justice Department to release its legal analysis for when the President issues executive orders . But on Bergdahl , the lone remaining captive from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan who was released over the weekend , he thinks the department needs to explain itself . A U.S. official told CNN the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel opinion on the Bergdahl matter was verbal and , as typically happens , likely will be issued in the form of a written opinion later . The department often refuses to release such opinions because they are considered protected under attorney-client privilege and the presidential executive privilege . Grassley , in his letter to Holder , nonetheless makes his case that while "  it is too late for Congress to express its concerns about these transfers in time to prevent them ... this measure of transparency will at least allow the American people to better understand the administration 's purported basis for ignoring the legal requirement that Congress be notified in advance , and shed additional light on this controversial decision . " Grassley also said sharing the Justice Department 's legal advice may also ensure the President abides by his oath " to carry out the law . At issue is the administration 's decision to ignore a restriction in the current defense policy law , signed by Obama last December , which requires 30-day notice to Congress before transferring terror detainees from Guantanamo Bay . Obama attached a statement when he signed the law that called the restrictions on transfers an illegal infringement on presidential executive powers and declared the right to ignore them when national security interests required it . Susan Rice said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that the Defense Department was given advice by the Justice Department before the swap . Hints of the legal advice provided to the Pentagon can be found in statements issued in recent days by the White House . National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a statement that the administration 's interpretation of the law determined that the 30-day notification requirement "  should be construed not to apply to this unique set of circumstances , in which the transfer would secure the release of a captive U.S. soldier , and the secretary of defense , acting on behalf of the President , has determined that providing notice as specified in the statute could endanger the soldier 's life . " Hayden 's statement said that because the 30-day notice would have required the Pentagon to delay the swap , the notification requirement would interfere with the President 's constitutional power to protect Americans abroad and protecting U.S. soldiers . Hayden added : "  Because such interference would significantly alter the balance between Congress and the President , and could even raise constitutional concerns , we believe it is fair to conclude that Congress did not intend that the administration would be barred from taking the action it did in these circumstances . " The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate Who is Bowe Bergdahl ? Bergdahl ` life ' video shown , senators still skeptical	Justice Department gave legal advice to Defense Department on the swap Top Republican wants to see the legal analysis underlying the decision It illustrates that latest salvo in clashes between President Obama and Congress on consultation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- With at least five people dead and massive expanses of land and roads under water , Georgia 's governor declared a state of emergency Monday in the 17 counties hardest hit by flooding from severe weather . Atlanta firefighter Stephen Webb carries a dog to safety Monday at the Peachtree Park Apartments . Gov. Sonny Perdue 's announcement followed three deaths in north Georgia 's Douglas County , one death in Gwinnett County and another in Carroll County , where a 2-year-old child was ripped from her father 's arms by fierce floodwaters while he struggled to hold on to bushes , officials said . Those counties , near Atlanta , were among the 17 included in the state-of-emergency declaration About 100 miles north of Atlanta , in Chattanooga , Tennessee , one person was swept into rushing water and is presumed drowned , said Jeremy Heidt , a spokesman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency in Nashville . Three missing children in Douglas County , west of Atlanta , were found , but their mother was one of the flood 's fatalities , said Dena Brummer , a spokeswoman for the Georgia Emergency Management Agency . "  We 're in rescue-and-recovery mode , " said Wes Tallon , spokesman for fire and emergency management services in Douglas County . "  It has not stopped raining , and another line of thunderstorms is coming . " Watch flooding one CNN.com staffer recorded " Until just a few months ago , the area was gripped by drought . Watch what caused the torrential rain " Several storms moving northeast from the Gulf of Mexico brought the downpours , which forecasters expected to continue through Monday night . Rains were expected to taper off by Tuesday morning but scattered showers were expected for the next couple of days . Just west of Atlanta , some areas have received about 22 inches of rain since last week , CNN meteorologists reported . About 12 of those inches fell in a 12-hour period from Sunday night to Monday morning . After Georgia creeks and rivers burst , swollen by days of rain , residents struggled to escape . In Cobb County 's Austell , two rescuers paddled their way through rising flood waters searching for stranded victims , video from CNN affiliate WXIA showed . The pair on the inflatable , yellow raft ushered a stranded woman to a section of black-tarred street that was not under water . Nearby , three men pushed their valuables in a kayak as they waded through the shoulder-high muddy waters . Another two men floated on what looked like air mattresses linked together by rope . Watch men float on inflatable mattresses " Near Marietta northwest of Atlanta , a flooded bridge blocked the only road out of a residential area surrounded by a national park and the Chattahoochee River . Two buses picked up elementary school children Monday morning , but flooding prevented them from picking up older students later , and the buses could n't return with the first batch in the afternoon , said iReporter Pritam Jaipuriar , who lives there . See Pritam Jaipuriar 's iReport Some elementary students used a walking trail -- the only other path out of the area -- to return home . Some parents arranged for friends beyond the bridge to pick their children up from school and keep them for the day . "  My first-grader son is staying with a friend of mine , " said Jaipuriar , who was unable to go to work Monday . Some ground-level apartments in the area were flooded , but his unit was fine , he said . Unable to drive for supplies , some residents walked the path to a store a few miles away and returned with bags of groceries , said iReporter Jeff Cofer , who also lives there . See Jeff Cofer 's iReport Near northwest Atlanta 's Vinings area , floodwaters encroached upon multimillion-dollar houses . Rescue personnel rode in boats over flooded streets Monday night , going home to home to pick up residents and take them away . Water levels were high enough at one home that the people there stood on a roof to await rescuers , a fire and rescue official said . On Monday morning , a couple inches of water had entered the Villa Rica , Georgia , home of iReporter Walid Zeid , damaging suitcases and other things that were on the floor . Water from a flooded lake lifted his boat to the roof of his boathouse , crushing the boat 's canopy , Zeid 's iReport video showed . Zeid , a flight attendant , was supposed to be on an international flight Monday , but flooding prevented him and his family from leaving home , which is in Carroll County . See Walid Zeid 's iReport "  You ca n't go anywhere . The roads are washed up , " he said . The flooding from torrential rains drenching the metropolitan Atlanta area "  has to rank as one of the worst , " Matt Sena of the Peachtree City , Georgia , National Weather Service told CNN . Watch home 's yard become a lake " Atlanta 's Hartsfield International Airport in five days has received about 4.5 inches more rain than it usually would in all of September , he said . iReport.com : Floodwaters seep into Carroll County home "  Hundreds of roads have been closed " in the Atlanta area , Brummer said , adding that Carroll , Douglas and Paulding counties "  have been impacted the most . " Watch I-75 / 85 under water " Two of the Georgia fatalities involved people trying to drive through floodwater . A vehicle with one man in it was swept off a road in Douglas County , and a car carrying a woman was swept off a road in Lawrenceville in Gwinnett County , east of Atlanta , Brummer said . Seydi Burciaga , 39 , was driving to her Lawrenceville home from work when flash flooding trapped her in her vehicle , Gwinnett County police said . She called 911 and police tried to locate her , but Burciaga could not tell them exactly where she was . Floodwater moved her car about 500 feet after she was swept off the roadway , and her attempts to guide rescuers to her by mentioning landmarks were unsuccessful , police said . By the time rescuers found her minivan , she was dead , police said . In Tennessee , the presumed drowning victim was forced into a culvert , or underground storm water drain , about 6 p.m. Sunday , Chattanooga Fire Department spokesman Bruce Garner told CNN . Sylvester Kitchens Jr. , 46 , was with a friend , Albert Miller , when the two decided to swim in a large , flooded ditch , Garner said . He said a Miller family member told him that "  basically it was a bet . " Both managed to grab onto a chain link fence while being buffeted by the strong current , Garner said . A neighbor threw a garden hose for them to grab onto , and Kitchens reached for it but was unable to hold on . Miller clung to the fence for about 20 minutes and was eventually rescued by firefighters , Garner said . Kitchens ' body has not been found , said Garner , who added that it "  does n't appear he could 've survived . " CNN 's Mallory Simon , Nicole Saidi and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Georgia 's governor declares emergency in 17 counties Girl who was swept from father 's arms is among five killed in Georgia Person in Tennessee swept into rushing water , presumed drowned , official says Hundreds of roads closed , official says ; more rain expected before finally ending
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Kanye West may be able to take time off to think about his life after all now that his concert tour has been canceled . Kanye West has canceled his "  Fame Kills " tour with Lady Gaga . It was announced two weeks ago . Concert promoter Live Nation said Thursday that West 's concert tour with Lady Gaga , titled "  Fame Kills , " has been canceled just two weeks after it was announced . The reason for the cancellation was not revealed . West told NBC 's Jay Leno last month , before the tour was officially announced , that he planned "  to take some time off " in the aftermath of his MTV Awards show embarrassment . The three-month , 34-show tour across the United States and Canada was to start next month . Tickets went on sale last week . Live Nation said people who bought tickets could get refunds at the point of purchase . Tickets purchased online and on the phone will be refunded automatically , the promoter said . West caused a ruckus at the MTV Awards last month when he put down his bottle of cognac , jumped on the MTV Music Video Awards stage and grabbed the microphone from singer Taylor Swift as she was giving an acceptance speech . West , who apologized the next day on "  The Jay Leno Show , " seemed to blame his erratic behavior on the lack of time he had to grieve his mother 's death two years ago . "  I deal with hurt and , you know , so many , you know , celebrities , they never take the time off , and I 've never taken the time off to really , you know , I just , music after music and tour after tour on tour , " West told Leno . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Kanye West 's tour with Lady Gaga canceled two weeks after being announced Three-month , 34-show tour across U.S. and Canada was to start next month West told Jay Leno he was planning to take time off in wake of MTV embarrassment Concert promoter Live Nation says refunds will be given
Bhavyaa Sharma feels vulnerable in the Indian capital . The 19-year-old student at a leading women 's college in New Delhi fears for her safety when she leaves the campus . Sexual assaults on women in the city have horrified her and her female friends . Surviving rape : iReporters speak out On Sunday , a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped and beaten to near death on a moving bus in New Delhi , police say . She is in intensive care at a city hospital , battling for her life . The attack sparked furious protests across India , where official data show that rape cases have jumped almost 875 % over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . Read more : Can we end rape as tool of war ? New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . "  I feel vulnerable here , " said Sharma , accompanied by her classmates . "  I am very sure about it . Delhi is not safe for women . " Opinion : Rapes show that Indian society needs a new attitude Sharma is from Lucknow , the capital of Uttar Pradesh state . She joined Miranda House , a women 's residential college in New Delhi , in 2010 . She 's now close to graduation . But her stay in the Indian capital has n't been without a bitter experience . She says she was groped while commuting in a bus in this city . Read more : Indian girl seeks justice after gang rape "  It was n't traumatic . But I can not forget it , either . Definitely , I can not forget it , " Sharma said . She called her parents back home that day , who tried to comfort her . Still , she could n't hold back her tears . "  I cried the entire night , " she said . Her hostel colleagues shared their own encounters with unwanted behaviors on the streets of New Delhi . In her first year of college , a group of men stalked Shweta Prakash , 20 , and her friends every night they would leave their apartment for dinner . Read more : Rape is shredding Syria 's social fabric "  It actually freaks you out when people do such things to you ... eye-teasing , passing lewd comments and stalking you . They literally rape you with their eyes , " she said . Now , she keeps pepper spray and has enrolled in self-defense taekwondo programs . Prakash and her friends hold each others ' hands while walking and text license plate numbers and their location to their parents and others when they travel in a cab or a slow-moving auto-rickshaw . As young girls , elders , too , faced similar attitudes , which they say only worsened as the city and the country grew . "  I can speak about my own experience , as a student , in this city -- people are pinching you , touching you , someone is coming close to you . This is absolutely the mentality where you look at a woman as an object of sex and  which  you use and abuse , " rights activist Ranjana Kumari said . Read more : Rights group : Police rape woman in Tunisia , then charge her with indecency As furor about Sunday 's assault rose , some Indian lawmakers even called for treating rape as a capital crime . The country 's human rights body shot off notices to city police and federal authorities , demanding an explanation of the latest sexual assault . "  The incident has raised the issue of declining public confidence in the law and order machinery in the city , especially in its capacity to ensure safety of women , as a number of such incidents have been reported in the national capital in the recent past , " the National Human Rights Commission said in a statement Tuesday . Five people , including the bus driver and a minor , have been arrested in connection with Sunday 's rape , New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said . Read more : Rape in wartime : Listening to the victims Meantime , some observers say anti-women acts in India stem from the country 's largely patriarchal social setup . Indians ' preference for sons over daughters , for example , has manifested itself in a worrisome population imbalance . The 2011 census of the world 's second-most populous nation recorded an alarming drop in the percentage of girls among country 's preschoolers . For every 1,000 boys up to 6 years old , the census counted 914 girls , a drop from 927 a decade ago . It 's illegal in India to abort a child because of its sex , but such abortions happen , often aided by illegal clinics . "  The reasons for the high number of female feticide in India include a deep-rooted traditional son preference , continued practice of dowry and concern for safety of the girl child and exploitation and abuse of women and girl children , " Krishna Tirath , India 's women and child development minister , acknowledged in parliament in March 2011 . A senior legal expert says legislation alone can not resolve anti-women biases . "  More law will only serve to give a sense of something being done , when in fact very little is being done . To confront the hatred that is now manifesting itself in the most egregious ways is to move forward as a society , " Ratna Kapur , a professor at Jindal Global Law School , wrote in The Hindu newspaper Wednesday . "  We need to think about how we can handle women 's equality in ways that are not perceived as threatening . That demands greater responsibility on the part of parents as well as society not to raise sons in a way in which they are indoctrinated with a sense of superiority and privilege . There is also a need on the part of young men to be actively involved in their schools and communities in advocating women 's equality rights , " she added in her opinion column , headlined "  Rape and the crisis of Indian masculinity . "	Police say a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped , beaten to near death on a bus in New Delhi The attack sparked protests across India , where data show that rape cases have jumped Students talk about their fears , abuse from men , precautions they must take Elders say they faced similar attitudes , which only worsened as the city and the country grew
CNN  -- Two blasts -- the second coming after police and passersby had gathered at the site of the first -- killed seven people and wounded 18 Tuesday evening in the Russian republic of Chechnya , according to the Russian news agency RIA Novosti . The state-run agency said the first blast occurred when officers attempted to detain a suspected militant in the Chechen capital of Grozny . About 30 minutes after that explosion , a second blast hit the same area after people had gathered there , RIA Novosti said . The news agency quoted Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov as saying five police officers , an emergencies ministry official and a civilian died in the two blasts . Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence in the 1990s , but in recent years the fight has been aimed more at imposing Islamist rule and asserting their authority in the area . The standard of living in the southwestern republic is poor compared with the rest of Russia . Unemployment is rampant and infant mortality is high . In addition , the Chechen population of about 1 million is mostly made up of Sunni Muslims , who maintain a distinctly separate cultural and linguistic identity from Russian Orthodox Christians .	NEW : A second blast hits where an earlier one had killed two police officers NEW : Five officers , a government official and a civilian are dead , RIA Novosti says The two blasts hit the Chechen capital of Grozny , the news agency says
CNN  -- One tornado stayed on the ground for 95 miles as it tore through towns in Kentucky and West Virginia . Two other twisters left behind 49-mile paths of destruction . The dynamically charged nature of Friday 's atmosphere created an ideal environment for producing long-track , devastating tornadoes , according to the National Weather Service . Officials from the weather service identified at least 45 separate tornadoes in last week 's deadly outbreak across the Midwest and South . The unusually severe storm system affected millions of people in 10 states , officials said . Neighborhoods were flattened . Schools were in ruins . Dozens died . Cleanup begins after tornado outbreaks The strongest tornado appears to be the one that hit Henryville , Indiana , with maximum winds at 175 mph . That tornado stayed on the ground for 49 miles across Washington , Scott , Clark and Jefferson counties in Indiana and Trimble County in Kentucky . The twister rated EF-4 on the Enhanced Fujita scale , which weather service officials use to measure the intensity of tornadoes and the damage they are likely to cause . In Henryville , a school bus hurtled into a restaurant . The walls of Stephanie Decker 's home crashed down . As she scrambled to protect her sons , the wreckage broke seven of her ribs and severed both of her legs . Woman loses legs in tornado while saving kids Winds scattered Lori Lynch 's most treasured possessions . A woman found her high school diploma in Cincinnati -- more than 100 miles away , CNN affiliate WAVE reported . The EF-3 tornado that struck the small town of West Liberty , Kentucky , packed winds of 140 mph and stuck to the earth for 95 miles -- 60 miles in Kentucky and 35 miles into West Virginia . The twister left normally tranquil West Liberty looking like "  a war zone , " Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear told reporters Sunday . National Guard troops helped the town comb through debris while authorities investigated storm fatalities . "  In all the years I 've been coroner , I 've never seen bodies in the condition they 're in , " said Raymond Van Cleave , the coroner for Morgan County , Kentucky . Just 20 miles south of West Liberty , another long-track EF-3 tornado swept through Salyersville , Kentucky , packing 160 mph winds . That twister was also on the ground for 49 miles , with a 48-mile track through Kentucky and an additional mile into West Virginia , officials said . It struck a group of rescuers who were heading to West Liberty , throwing their truck across the street . "  It kept peppering us with debris and rocks and dirt and stuff . It was just something unreal . I 'd never been through anything like that , " 1st Lt. Tommy Hereford told CNN affiliate WLEX . Impact Your World : How you can help The 45 twisters confirmed by the weather service were among 144 reports of tornadoes , which may include multiple reports of the same tornado , in last week 's outbreak , which started Friday . By the time calm returned Saturday , 41 were dead : 23 in Kentucky , 13 in Indiana , three in Ohio , and one each in Alabama and Georgia . Federal and local officials were still assessing the damage Wednesday . Less than 1 % of the tornadoes that form each year reach EF-4 or EF-5 intensity , and few are on the ground for more than a few miles . The tornado with the longest recorded path in U.S. history was the Tri-State Tornado of 1925 , which was rated an F-5 on the Fujita scale -- the previous model for tornado intensity -- and was on the ground for 219 miles over a 3Â 1/2 - hour period . That twister still stands as the single deadliest tornado , responsible for 695 deaths when it tore through Missouri , Illinois and Indiana . The Joplin , Missouri , tornado on May 22 , 2011 , was the deadliest tornado the United States has seen in the last 60 years , with 161 dead . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	High-intensity tornadoes are rarely on the ground for more than a few miles A twister that hit West Liberty , Kentucky , stayed on the ground for 95 miles Two other tornadoes left behind 49-mile paths of destruction Last week 's tornadoes killed 41 people across 10 states
CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro said Tuesday he resigned as the head of the Communist Party five years ago and has never tried to resume the post -- one that he was thought to still hold . It was the first time that the 84-year-old leader of Cuba 's revolution stated so directly that he no longer heads up the party he founded . "  Without hesitation , I resigned all of my state and political positions , including that of the First Secretary of the Party , when I fell ill and I never tried to exercise them again after the proclamation of July 31 , 2006 , " he wrote in an essay published in Cuban state media . He said he did not try to resume his positions "  even when I partially recovered my health a year later , although everyone , affectionately , continued to refer to me by those titles . " Cubans and foreign observers had believed that the head of the Communist Party was the one title that Castro still held after he was forced to cede power to his younger brother , Raul Castro , due to a health emergency caused by intestinal problems . Cuba plans to hold its first Communist Party Congress in almost 14 years next month . Raul Castro has stressed that the focus of the meeting will be sweeping economic changes to the Soviet-style economy . But there was intense speculation that the elder Castro would step down as the head of the party during the event , and his brother would move into the role . Castro also shot back at U.S. President Barack Obama , who criticized Cuba in a speech in Santiago , Chile , on Monday and demanded greater freedoms for the Cuban people . "  When the president looked anxiously at the public after mentioning treacherous Cuba , waiting for an explosion of applause , he was met by a glacial silence , " Castro wrote in the essay .	Many thought Fidel Castro still held the top spot in Cuba 's Communist Party Castro stepped down as president of Cuba in 2006 due to health problems Castro 's younger brother , Raul , is expected to become party president
CNN  -- It 's Friday afternoon and Berlin Tegel Airport is overwhelmed . Several flights are delayed and passengers crowd the terminal , scowling at the departure screens and tapping away at their smartphones in frustration . It 's not a typical scene at Tegel but hardly a surprising one . The airport was built 40 years ago to handle just 6 million passengers a year in a city that was then an island surrounded by the former East Germany . Berlin has since changed almost beyond recognition , becoming one of Europe 's major capitals and a popular travel destination . Tegel now handles 20 million passengers annually and should 've closed down long ago , but an embarrassing series of setbacks and delays to the city 's state of the art new Berlin Brandenburg Airport  BER  , have earned it a stay of execution . The new airport was originally due to open in 2012 , but there 's currently no scheduled launch date . Surprisingly , rather than becoming increasingly frustrated with using Tegel 's creaking facilities , many locals are glad it 's still operating . "  Tegel has grown in Berliner 's hearts , " says Lars Wagner , a spokesman for the Berlin Airport Authority , the body that will eventually have to sign Tegel 's death warrant . "  As so often in life , people find it hard to part with what they 're used to . " Proximity to the action Suzanne Stoffe , flying to Frankfurt after a conference in the German capital , is among those who have developed a deep affection for the airport . "  I hope Berlin Tegel stays for a long time , " she says . "  It 's just so easy to reach and to go back and forth . " Stoffe 's colleague , Torsten Warg , agrees . "  I always find the check-in very quick , it 's super , " he says . "  The new airport will never be ready anyway , so there 's is n't really a question of flying from somewhere else in the near future . " Just a 20-minute taxi ride from the city center , many travelers love Tegel 's proximity to the action . "  It 's super convenient , " says Winnie Heun , a Berlin-based cinematographer and Tegel fan flying to Kiev to film a commercial . "  Because of the round design , you can drop off at the gate and from there it 's 30 meters to check-in . And right behind the check-in , is security . It 's super fast . " He also likes Tegel 's rather outdated but distinctive hexagonal style . "  The great thing is the design of the airport , " he says . "  It 's really marvelous , it 's really retro and it really fits Berlin . " Other passengers are n't as enamored . On this particular Friday , the simultaneous conclusion of several international conferences stretches Tegel 's already overstretched systems and there 's a backlog at check-in for the afternoon flight to London . "  Up until this point I was quite impressed , but I 'm not impressed now , " says Alan Frost , a British business traveler who 's been standing in line for some time . Fellow Brit Trevor Smith , who travels through Tegel two or three times a year on business , is also frustrated by the airport experience . "  It 's normally terrible , because there 's no facilities , " he says . "  You always have to queue . "  The sooner the Germans sort out their new airport the better . It needs a decent airport , one that caters for passengers . " Blown budgets Tegel 's small size does have advantages . Two flustered passengers are allowed to check in with bags just half an hour ahead of takeoff . Each gate has its own luggage belt , so even latecomers have the chance to make the plane . Berlin 's Airport Authority says the new airport wo n't work in quite the same way , but it will have a modern and fast check-in system . Today , though , the beautifully designed wooden check-in desks at BER are empty , new equipment wrapped in plastic while technicians work through a series of glitches . "  One of the main problems we still have is with fire-safety issues , " says the airport authority 's Lars Wagner . This is n't the only headache for the airport 's developers . With construction ongoing since 2006 , costs are running at least double the original budget of â ‚ ¬ 2.8 billion  $ 3.6 billion  . "  The airport is different to the one which was originally planned . We 've grown over the years , " says Wagner . "  It 's like when you plan a home for one family , but over time you realize you need a home for three families . But that 's no excuse for the mistakes which we made . "  A lot was done wrong and a lot was planned badly . We have to correct that . " Another issue is that air passenger traffic in Berlin is growing faster than anticipated . BER was originally planned for 27 millions passengers , but with the city 's two existing airports currently handling close this number , the concern is the new hub wo n't be able to cope . Controversial closure For airlines the new airport ca n't come soon enough . Air Berlin is currently housed in a temporary terminal at Tegel Airport that 's so makeshift it has a corrugated iron roof . It says it 's had to put growth plans on hold because of the delays . Tegel has limited capacity for long-haul jets -- it 's runway is too short for the Airbus A380 super jumbo -- so airlines are unable to expand their route networks until BER opens . Air Berlin 's Robert Peres says the delay is affecting the entire German travel industry . "  Clearly , Berlin needs a modern and fully operational airport , " he says . "  We all need BER . We are looking forward to the day it will open . " Global travel expert Simon Calder says Berlin is coping , largely because its old Cold War division bequeathed it an airport on either side of the city : Tegel and the east 's Schonefeld . "  The one really regrettable thing is that Tempelhof was closed -- the city center airport would be thriving today had it been allowed to continue , " he says . Since its controversial closure , Berlin Tempelhof Airport -- famous for its role in the 1948 Berlin airlift -- has been turned into a public park , its old runways crowded with cyclists and skaters and visitors filled with nostalgia for their most beloved inner city airport . Berliners are equally interested in the new as the old , and while BER might not be ready for takeoff yet , it 's already welcoming tourists . For â ‚ ¬ 10 , visitors can take a bus tour of the new facility and can even buy T-shirts and teddy bears with the airport logo . Runway bus tours Tour guide Christian Franzke says BER has had more than a million visitors to date . "  Many people are from the area who know about this project , " says Franzke . "  There 's been a lot of talk about the airport and we want other people to be able to join that conversation and to see what 's happened in the past few years . " Visitors can speed down the new runway on the tour bus -- the closest they 'll get to flying from here until the airport actually opens . "  We hope it is n't too much longer , " says Antje , a visitor from Berlin , "  because we stood in front of the check-in hall and it was really nice compared to the other airports we have here . " Airport tourist Michael Schulz was pleased with what he saw , too . "  I thought it would be a big construction site , but it actually looks ready , " he says . "  It 's quite nice . It looks good inside , the wood , a lot of light , a lot of glass . I 'm not sure when I 'll be using it , but it will be good for Berlin . " Any possible opening is still a long way off . Authorities are reluctant to announce a date and face further embarrassment of yet again having to reschedule . So for now , those who enjoy flying out of Berlin Tegel Airport , can be assured it will be operating for some years to come . Not such good news for those who find the travel experience at this small local airport frustrating . Berlin Brandenburg Airport tours run every Tuesday , Thursday , Saturday and Sunday ; +49 30 6091 77778 Kitty Logan is a freelance journalist who divides her time between Germany and the UK . She works for a variety of media outlets , covering major global stories including the crisis in Ukraine and developments in Afghanistan . She travels the world for her work , but has been a Berliner at heart since the early 90s and has lived in the city for over a decade .	Berlin 's Cold War-era Tegel Airport handles more than three times the passengers it was designed for Airport granted a stay of execution due to delays to Berlin 's new Brandenburg Airport Airport officials no longer willing to put a completion date on new airport to avoid further embarrassment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pervasive smoke spewing from the junk heap at Balad Air Force Base in Iraq is causing many returning troops to be concerned about the effects on their long-term health . The U.S. military burns waste -- including medical waste -- in pits near an Air Force base in Iraq . For four years , the burn pit was a festering dump , spewing acrid smoke over the base , including housing and the hospital . Until three incinerators were installed , the smelly pit was the only place to dispose of trash , including plastics , food and medical waste . "  At the peak , before they went to use the real industrial incinerators , it was about 500,000 pounds a day of stuff , " according to a transcript of an April 2008 presentation by Dr. Bill Halperin , who heads the Occupational and Environmental Health Subcommittee at the Defense Health Board . "  The way it was burned was by putting jet fuel on it . " A lawsuit filed against the burn pit operators by a contractor alleges the burn pit also contained body parts . Watch burn pits spew black smoke " "  Wild dogs in the area raided the burn pit and carried off human remains . The wild dogs could be seen roaming the base with body parts in their mouths , " says the lawsuit filed in Texas federal court . Aside from Balad , there are similar pits at bases elsewhere in Iraq and Afghanistan . Some still have no incinerators . ` Iraqi crud ' Many of the soldiers who went through Balad since the beginning of the war had become used to "  Iraqi crud , " as they dubbed the symptom . "  I had a chronic cough , irritation , shortness of breath , " said Dr. Chris Coppola , an Air Force surgeon who worked on base in 2005 and again in 2007 , "  I was coughing up phlegm , sometimes black stuff and dust . " While Coppola said he did n't work in the burn pit , he knew the medical waste was going there . "  In 2005 , our hospital waste was n't segregated , " he said . "  Our trash went out the door and went into the burn pit . " By the time Coppola returned for his next tour , the hospital did separate its medical waste for disposal elsewhere , he said . Coppola said that when he worked at the base hospital , the emergency room had frequent visits for "  respiratory complaints , complaining of the coughing and breathing issues . " Since he 's been back from Iraq , Coppola said he feels "  very healthy . " But other soldiers said they can not shake the symptoms and they suspect the burn pit smoke is the cause . Dennis Gogel was stationed in Balad twice between 2004 and 2006 . He said he was in housing just a few hundred yards from the pit and would often jog past the pit . The 29-year old Gogel said that in the last two years he 's had upper respiratory infections , skin irritation and he 's lost 60 pounds since deployment . "  I have blotchy spots on my face . I was treated for psoriasis , but it wo n't go way , " he said . Gogel said his doctors do not know what caused the problems . "  You expect when you get to a new environment you would feel the effect , but it should get out of the system , " he said . Gogel said it has affected his fitness , too . "  I used to run two miles in 10 minutes . I am up to 17 , " he said . Gogel has recently joined a class action lawsuit against the company contracted to handle waste disposal . Just months after returning home from his first tour in Iraq in 2006 , Maj. Kevin Wilkins developed headaches , but did not see a doctor . Soon after his second Iraq tour in 2007 , Wilkins -- a registered nurse in the Air Force reserve -- died of an advanced brain tumor . He was 51 . His widow , Jill , suspects the burn pit at Balad . While the cause of his brain tumor is not known , Jill Wilkins was told by doctors who worked with her husband at a Florida emergency room that exposure to chemicals like those that come from burning trash is a potential risk . "  Kevin was in perfect health before he went to Iraq , " Wilkins said . "  He 's always been in good health , a healthy eater , exercises on a regular basis . There was not one thing wrong with him when he went to Iraq . " Wilkins is trying to show the cause was service related so she can get access to her husband 's pension , medical insurance and other benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs . Concerning memos , questionable tests One reason many soldiers suspect the burn pit is a widely circulated 2006 memo in which an environmental engineer cited a still-classified study labeling the pit "  the worst environmental site I have personally visited . " The memo , written by Lt. Col Darrin Curtis , a bioenvironmental engineering flight commander , concluded "  there is an acute health hazard for individuals . " "  There is also the possibility for chronic health hazards associated with the smoke , " Curtis said . The memo is co-signed by Lt. Col James Elliott , chief , Aeromedical Services , who wrote that he concurred with Curtis ' memo . "  In my professional opinion , the known carcinogens and respiratory sensitizers released into the atmosphere by the burn pit present both an acute and a chronic health hazard to our troops and the local populations , " Elliott said . More alarm was raised in the military community when the initial draft of results from a 2007 study was released with a math error , overstating the dioxin levels tested by 1,000 times . The report was circulated by the military 's U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine "  in the interest of transparency and the fact that they needed this information very quickly in order to answer service members ' concerns , " said Craig Postlewaite of the force readiness and health assurance office at the Department of Defense . But Postlewaite said the error has been corrected and the data re-analyzed . A new test and report will be out soon . The military said smoke from the pit exposed troops to toxic emissions , including low levels of cancer-causing dioxins . But its tests indicate there is no long-term danger , officials said . "  The data indicate that there are no substances above a health threshold that should generate any long-term health risks , including cancer , " Postlewaite said . At the Pentagon 's Force Health Protection Directorate , officials analyzed more than 160 air samples and concluded , in a soon to be released report , that the only risk is of temporary respiratory distress , nothing that poses a long-term threat . "  We have looked at respiratory health complaints for people that have been assigned to Balad . These complaints , by and large , are temporary in nature , most of them involve eye irritation , irritation of the upper respiratory passages , possibly a cough , " Postlewaite said . "  We know just right here in the United States for people that are around those kinds of conditions , like firemen , this is not unusual . But we feel that the data support the fact that these all should be temporary in nature . " A review of the findings by the military 's advisory group of medical scientists and doctors concurred with the report 's conclusions . However , in the general findings , the report questioned whether the conclusions would hold "  when more thorough analysis is conducted . " But a spokeswoman for the military said the final report , expected this week , will find the testing conducted was sufficient and conclusive . The reviewing panel also expressed concerns about how pervasive the burn pits were , according to a meeting transcript of the advisory group . "  It seems like there may be something systematic going on here in terms of waste disposal techniques going on in the -LSB- war -RSB- theater , " notes Dr. Mark Brown , director of Environmental Agents Services at the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  You could n't get away with this kind of waste disposal here in the United States . Pits still in use The concern about the pits was first reported in the Military Times . Upon seeing that article , Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , wrote to Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East , to express his concern about the smoke 's effect on troops . Petraeus responded citing the military findings , but said burn pits are necessary . "  There is and will continue to be a need for burn pits during contingency operations , " Petraeus wrote back to Feingold in a letter provided to CNN . Five years into the Iraq war , many bases still do not have incinerators . There are 17 solid waste incinerators , two hazardous waste incinerators and 24 medical waste incinerators operational in Iraq , according to the military . Another 23 are under construction with some not scheduled to be completed until the end of 2009 . In Afghanistan , where the United States has been fighting since 2001 , there are no incinerators . "  Our military leaders in Afghanistan are in the process of designing treatment/disposal facilities for solid waste , " Petraeus wrote to Feingold . Feingold said he awaits the latest report . "  I remain concerned that service members may become sick as a result of exposure to fumes at Balad Air Base and potentially other bases in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Feingold said . "  Service members who serve at the base for more than a year could still be in jeopardy as a result of exposure to the fumes . " CNN 's Mike Mount and Jamie McIntyre contributed to this report .	Troops worry smoke from waste burn pits carries toxins Plastics , food and medical waste from base among trash burned Troops stationed at U.S. base call coughing caused by smoke "  Iraqi crud " Pentagon says any harmful health affects from smoke are temporary
CNN  -- You may have noticed : Clint Eastwood has become respectable in his old age . "  Gran Torino , " says Tom Charity , is all about Clint Eastwood . And that 's a great thing . To judge by the release pattern and some of the more reverent reviews , you would think the 78-year-old director 's second movie of the season  after "  Changeling "  was another prestige picture with Oscar firmly in its sights , along the lines of "  Million Dollar Baby " or "  Letters from Iwo Jima . " Nominations may be forthcoming , or they may not  we 'll find out January 22  , but trust me , "  Gran Torino " is not that kind of animal . It 's a crude but pungent stab at popular filmmaking , blue-collar and bare-knuckle . Which is not to say it 's disappointing . On the contrary , it 's an entertaining star vehicle that does its job well . Other films around right now tackle "  important " themes -- the Holocaust , justice , alienation -- but "  Gran Torino " is all about Clint : the suspicious squint , granite composure and bad-ass attitude . Is Eastwood important ? If you have grown up with this enduring American icon , there 's no question about it . Apparently Nick Schenk 's screenplay was n't written specifically for him , but after seeing the film it 's impossible to imagine it with anyone else . Eastwood 's Walt Kowalski is a Korean War veteran and retired auto worker , a grumpy old man and the last white guy holding on to his property in an inner-city neighborhood that 's been taken over by Asian-Americans . The movie opens at his wife 's funeral .  How many times have we seen Eastwood with a wife on screen ? Not too often .  Walt 's not happy , of course , but more than anything , he seems pissed off . His kids are a sore disappointment . The grandkids merit nothing more than a growl . At the wake , even the priest , Father Janovich  freckle-faced Christopher Carley  , is quickly shown the door . Walt is alone now , and he means to keep it that way . He sits on a deck chair out on his front porch , a cooler of beer beside him , the American flag hanging limp over his square patch of lawn . It 's a portrait of implacable American isolationism -- until the teenage son of his Hmong next-door neighbor encroaches on Walt 's turf . Thao  Bee Vang  nearly gets his head blown off trying to steal Walt 's prized 1972 Ford Gran Torino . To apologize , and to thank the white guy for stepping in to save him from the gangbangers who put him up to the stunt , Thao reluctantly reports for a week of whatever chores Walt might ask of him . The grudging mutual respect that develops between them is entirely predictable , but in Eastwood 's clean , unfussy but discreetly patient direction , even a banal task -- like wrestling an old fridge out of the basement -- assumes the bonding power Alan Ladd and Van Heflin found in digging out a stubborn tree stump in "  Shane . " Like other Eastwood heroes before him , Walt sacrifices his independence by accepting that others depend on him . The relationship is also laced with plenty of gruff humor . If you 're feeling indulgent , the film has almost as many laughs as a comedy . The older man introduces Thao to his barber  John Carroll Lynch  for a lesson in guy talk -- which turns out to be the art of barking invective with impunity .  PC , it 's not . Meanwhile , Walt 's own racist  Archie  Bunker mentality thaws when Thao 's self-assured sister Sue  Ahney Her  introduces him to the pleasures of Thai food . All the while , the neighborhood punks hover in the background , waiting for the right moment to test whether Dirty Old Harry is firing anything more than blanks these days . Schenk 's screenplay is n't subtle , and some of the young cast struggle to camouflage its crudeness , but Eastwood revels in the pragmatic design and roughneck humor of the piece . Walt may be a dinosaur , but he carries a big footprint . In a similar way , "  Gran Torino " is no classic , but at least it 's a star vehicle worthy of a true legend . "  Gran Torino " is rated R and runs 116 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Gran Torino " is vintage Eastwood , right down to the attitude Star vehicle , directed by Eastwood , about old man , his car and neighbors Movie is made for Eastwood , and Eastwood makes the movie
CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart was not afraid to face Brian Mitchell in her first testimony detailing her 2002 abduction . Elizabeth Smart , now 21 and in college , testified that Brian Mitchell raped her daily . In fact , her father said , she wanted the man who allegedly kept her tethered to a tree in the Utah woods muzzled and forced to listen to her testimony . Mitchell was in court Thursday for a competency hearing , but Smart never saw him because U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball ordered him removed from the court when he ignored requests to stop singing and disrupting the proceedings . He watched via a closed-circuit camera from another room . "  She actually wanted to face him , " Ed Smart said . "  I think she asked -LSB- U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman -RSB- if he could be muzzled and have to sit there and watch it . " Tolman , standing alongside Smart 's father after Thursday 's hearing in Salt Lake City , confirmed the 21-year-old woman 's request : "  She did ask me whether or not -LSB- Mitchell -RSB- got to see that testimony and hear that testimony , and I indicated to her , to her relief , that he was there in a room with the audio and video and had nothing else to do but listen . " Mitchell is accused of abducting Smart from the bedroom of her Salt Lake City , Utah , home in June 2002 . She testified that she was kept captive in Utah and California until March 2003 , when she was found walking down a street in Sandy , Utah , with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Smart said that , during those nine months , no 24-hour period passed without Mitchell being able to rape her . Public defender Robert Steele says Mitchell is mentally ill , but Tolman said he believes that Mitchell "  has attempted to fool or to deceive the system . " Ed Smart said he hopes his daughter 's testimony nixes the notion that Mitchell can not stand trial , "  and if this does n't clinch the issue of competency , our nation is in really , really bad shape , because it means that anyone out there can manipulate and make the court do what it wants . " Watch Smart 's father talk about the hearing " Mitchell and Barzee are charged with six felony counts , including aggravated burglary , aggravated kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault . Smart 's testimony began with details of how she was abducted at knife point while she slept next to her sister . She was 14 at the time . She said Mitchell took her to a wooded area not far from her home , performed a marriage ceremony and began raping her . Mitchell often sang about his intentions , she testified : "  He would come up the mountainside , yelling , ` I 'm going to -LSB- expletive -RSB- your eyes out . ' " Mitchell also threatened to kill her if she tried to escape , Smart said . "  He said an angel would strike me down with a sword , " she said , "  but he also told me that he would be that angel . " Mitchell gave her drugs and alcohol , showed her pornography and used religion to justify most of his actions , she testified . He also said he was God 's servant , a prophet , and would one day face and kill the Antichrist , she said . On one occasion , Smart said , she vomited after Mitchell gave her too much to drink . "  He let me lie face-down in my vomit for the entire night until I woke up the next day , " she told the court . "  He said that was showing my true state , that I was laying face-down in my vomit . " That morning illustrated a recurring theme , she said , explaining that Mitchell often rationalized his actions by saying they would ultimately yield greater spirituality . "  He said that first I had to be humbled and to sink below all things before arising above all things , " she recalled . "  You have to experience the lowest form of humanity to experience the highest . " Smart , now a Brigham Young University student and a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , described Mitchell as "  evil , wicked , manipulative , sneaky , slimy , selfish , greedy , not spiritual , not religious , not close to God . " During her nine months in captivity , Mitchell kept her in Utah until the winter approached , at which point he transported her to San Diego , California , she said . It 's unclear when they returned to Utah , but Elizabeth Smart testified that she convinced Mitchell that they should hitchhike back to Salt Lake City . She told the court her ulterior motive was to return to an area where she more easily could be recognized and rescued . While in Utah , Mitchell kept her confined with a cable attached to her leg , she said . The 10-foot tether was locked on to another cable that was 15 to 20 feet long . "  He had a big cable bolted onto my leg , which was strung between two trees , and there was a lock that would slide between the two trees , " she said . "  He had the key around his neck the entire time . " Asked how often she was raped , she replied , "  On a daily basis , up to three or four times . " She resisted his advances several times , she said , once biting him as he tried to have sex with her . "  He said that if I ever did that again , he would never have sex with me again , and I would be the most miserable woman in the world , " she said . "  It did n't make a difference that he said that . I mean , it did n't stop him . " After the hearing , Ed Smart said he was "  amazed at her strength " and "  I do n't know how she could have done a better job . " Asked about his daughter 's reaction following her testimony , he said , "  Phew , it 's over . " He bordered on tears when asked whether he had learned anything Thursday about his daughter 's abduction . "  There were certainly a lot of things that I had never heard before , and I had no idea what she had gone through -- so much out there , " he said . Prosecutor Tolman said Smart 's "  powerful " testimony demonstrated that Mitchell was manipulative and inclined to be deceptive , but defense attorney Steele said Mitchell 's guile did not negate his mental illness . "  Those things can exist side by side : manipulativeness and mental illness , " he said . Smart testified Thursday because she is scheduled to leave soon on a mission , customary of the Mormon religion . The prosecution plans to call dozens of witnesses when the competency hearing continues at the end of November , Tolman said . Included are people who have been incarcerated with Mitchell , he said . "  The battle is not over . This is the very beginning of it , " he said . Asked whether he would be willing to accept a plea bargain , Tolman said there was no indication that one was imminent . "  We 're inclined to prosecute this case vigorously and present it to a jury , " he said .	Elizabeth Smart testifies against accused captor for first time Smart , now 21 , was abducted from her bedroom at knife point at age 14 Brian Mitchell sings in court and is ordered removed Mitchell 's defense says he 's not competent to stand trial ; prosecutors disagree
CNN  -- Cycling is a sport with a dark doping past but the way it has cleaned up its act is a model for athletics to follow , says Olympic gold medallist Darren Campbell . The retired British sprinter called for change after track stars Tyson Gay of the U.S. and Jamaica 's Asafa Powell both tested positive for banned substances . The legacy of doping still hangs over cycling and Tour de France leader Chris Froome has frequently had to answer questions over his performance during this year 's race in the wake of Lance Armstrong 's fall from grace . But Campbell , who won 4 x 100 meter gold at Athens 2004 , suggests the way the sport has clawed back its credibility is a lesson to the track and field community . "  Athletics needs to have a look at cycling and see how they handled the Lance Armstrong situation and how over time people started to believe in the sport again , " Campbell , who won 4 x 100 meter gold at Athens 2004 , told CNN . "  But this ca n't go on , eventually it will destroy the sport and it will mean younger fans decide they do n't want to watch athletics anymore , and that would be disastrous . "  Everyone has come out and said ` Enough is enough . ' We are nearly at breaking point . If we do n't do anything it will be broken forever . " Campbell , who also clinched silver over 200 meters at Sydney 2000 , has long been a supporter of lifetime bans for athletes who chose to take banned substances , a sanction currently not allowed under the World Anti-Doping Agency 's  WADA  code . But , while he is steadfastly opposed to the use of performance-enhancing substances , Campbell is wary of punishing those who inadvertently break the rules . He is concerned that athletes who unknowingly take banned substances contained within nutritional supplements could be sanctioned unjustly . He compares the situation with Britain 's ` horse meat scandal ' in which some foods advertised as beef were found to contain horse meat . "  How many people knew they were eating horse ? " added Campbell . "  I think that 's why we should n't just say ` OK , they 're drugs cheats ' and just forget about it . "  Imagine if they 're innocent ? Innocent in the sense that they did n't knowingly take it . " "  I run a sports nutrition company . As an athlete myself , there was no way for professional athletes to take nutrition products with the safety of knowing there 's not going to be cross contamination . "  I 'm an advocate for lifetime bans , but I would n't want to see someone banned for life who had n't knowingly done it . " News of positive tests for both Gay and Powell comes just weeks after Jamaican triple Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown was also provisionally suspended . Campbell is pleased to see anti-doping authorities clamping down on athletes regardless of their stature . "  There is n't a case that high-profile athletes get a different level of treatment to anybody else , " added Campbell . "  If they are caught doping it will be highlighted and everybody will hear about it . "  In that respect it 's definitely the way forward . I still feel that governing bodies need to get to the point where the deterrent is so big and so powerful that it stops people from deciding to take performance-enhancing drugs . " On Sunday , former world champion Gay said he was told by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency that an A sample from an out of competition test taken in May had come back positive . Gay did n't name the substance found in his system and added that he never knowingly took performance-enhancing drugs . He has pulled out of next month 's world championships in Russia . Powell , a former world-record holder from Jamaica , said he was caught for using the banned stimulant oxilofrine -- often found in dietary supplements -- that showed up in a test at last month 's Jamaican trials . "  I do n't have a sabotage story , " Gay was quoted as saying by Reuters . "  I basically put my trust in someone and was let down . I made a mistake . "	Darren Campbell says athletics should follow cycling 's lead The British sprinters is an advocate of lifetime bans for drugs cheats The Olympic gold medalist speaking after Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell tested positive Campbell warns some athletes inadvertently take banned substances
Rome  CNN  -- Mario Monti , the economist nominated to become Italy 's new prime minister , began talks with political leaders Monday to discuss forming a government . The 68-year-old 's talks with political parties will continue Tuesday . In comments after several meetings Monday , Monti said some of the delegations had discussed a "  temporal outlook " for how long his government might last . The time for the government "  which I am trying to create is that period between today and the end of spring 2013 , " he said , according to a CNN translation . At any time the parliament could dissolve his government "  because of lack of trust , " he said . It is "  obvious " that the task at hand is an emergency , and that to achieve economic growth and social equity "  should be the priorities , " Monti said . The new prime minister designate will face an arduous task , as Italy has one of the highest national debts in Europe at â ‚ ¬ 1.9 trillion  $ 2.6 trillion  -- about 120 % of GDP -- and has seen low growth in recent years . To take the helm , Monti needs the approval of the Italian Parliament , which is composed of multiple parties with diverse interests . Silvio Berlusconi 's People of Freedom party remains the strongest force in parliament , and Berlusconi has said he plans to remain active in it . Those diverse political interests and the pain of austerity measures could weigh heavily on Monti as he steers Italy through economically troubled waters . Some politicians in Italy have already called for elections to take place sooner than their scheduled time of spring 2013 . Italian party leaders spoke in support of the new prime minister designate on Italy 's senate TV after exiting deliberations with Monti on the composition of a new government . Antonio Di Pietro , leader of the Values Party , said his group is "  happy that the Berlusconi government could be replaced by the Monti government . " His party will not block a Monti-led government , he said . But when asked specifically whether he would give Monti a vote of confidence , Di Pietro stressed that he would not answer until he learned more about Monti 's plans and the composition of his Cabinet . Franceso Rutelli , leader of the Alliance for Italy , also told reporters his block will support Monti 's government . Emma Bonino of the Radical Party expressed support for Monti as well . Speaking to reporters , Bonino called for reforms to address Italy 's political and economic crisis . Monti was nominated Sunday to replace Silvio Berlusconi as Italy 's prime minister . Berlusconi resigned Saturday amid the country 's ongoing financial crisis . His role in Italy 's political future is uncertain . "  For the time being he is waiting to see what is happening under the buildup of the new government under Mr. Monti , " said Deborah Bergamini , a member of Italy 's Parliament and former assistant to Berlusconi . On Monday , Bergamini said Berlusconi told her he wants to continue acting as the chair of his PDL party . Berlusconi 's resignation was greeted with cheers and dancing in the streets , as people waved the Italian flag and sang the nation 's anthem . If he becomes prime minister , Monti could bring a distinctly different approach to governing than Italy has experienced over the past three years . "  It may be that the strong opposition ... against Berlusconi that has been going on in these years maybe will disperse itself , maybe will finish , and then we 'll have a cooperative approach on the part of all the political forces . ... Let 's hope that the international credibility of Mr. Monti will be able to work in this direction , " Bergamini told CNN . While the hot-blooded Berlusconi was for many years a master of forming political alliances , Monti is known for his achievements as a "  Eurocrat , " at the heart of Europe 's institutions . Dubbed Super Mario for his work in international finance , he served as a leading European Commission member for a decade -- including as commissioner for its financial services , market and taxation committee between 1995 and 1999 and as head of its competition committee from 1999 to 2004 . In announcing Monti 's nomination , Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said the former European Union commissioner is "  gifted , competent , experienced " and well-respected in Europe and internationally . "  This is the moment of his test , " Napolitano said . Monti must return to Napolitano within days to accept the nomination fully , at which point he would be sworn in and officially become prime minister . Within days of the oath of office , Monti would have to go to parliament to present his government -- essentially his Cabinet and his government plan . The upper and lower houses of parliament have 10 days from the time Monti is sworn in to hold separate votes of confidence on the new government . Berlusconi is the second prime minister to resign this month over the debt crisis sweeping across Europe . Greece 's George Papandreou was replaced Wednesday by Lucas Papademos , a former European Central Bank official . Investors were watching Italian bond yields closely Monday , after â ‚ ¬ 3 billion worth of five-year bonds generated decent demand . Yields on both the five-year and 10-year bonds still remain around 6.5 % . Last week , the 10-year Italian yield spiked to a record high above 7 % -- a level that eventually led to bailouts for Greece , Portugal and Ireland . Economists said Monday 's bond yields could indicate that markets are still nervous about Italy 's economic prospects , even with Monti in charge . "  Now what we are seeing today is that markets probably do n't like so much politics being so effective and so active in financial matters . So my feeling is that the challenge today will be rebalancing ... politics and financial matters , " Bergamini told CNN Monday . CNN 's Hada Messia , Matthew Chance , Laura Smith-Spark and Zain Verjee and the CNNMoney staff contributed to this report .	Monti says his government would aim to continue through spring 2013 Heads of some key parties express support for Mario Monti Italian president : Monti is "  gifted , competent , experienced " Silvio Berlusconi is the second European leader to fall this month over the debt crisis
CNN  -- Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in New Zealand Monday on a much-anticipated three-week royal tour of that country and Australia , the first trip for baby Prince George . While George is making the long trip with William and Catherine , it 's not yet clear if he will be attending public events with his parents . Announcing the royal couple 's planned engagements on the April 7 to 25 visit , the Prince 's private secretary identified occasions at which the youngest royal might be present , but kept an element of suspense . "  George being just a little over eight months old by the time they travel , I 'm sure you will appreciate that the couple will have to make a final decision on those moments much closer to the time , " he said . With Prince William second in line to the British throne and his young son third , Queen Elizabeth II had to give permission for both to travel on the same plane . The royals touched down Monday in Wellington , New Zealand 's capital . Battling windy conditions , Catherine held her son as they exited the plane and , along with Prince William , were greeted by dignitaries on the tarmac . After a 10-day tour taking in stops in Hamilton , Christchurch and Queenstown , the royals will travel on to Australia for the second leg of their trip . One of the engagements earmarked for a potential appearance for Prince George is the opening of the Bilby Enclosure at Taronga Zoo in Sydney . The Australian government made a donation to the zoo for its bilby preservation program when George was born , and the enclosure is to be named after him , the palace said . On its website , the zoo said the Australian government had given a bilby , a native nocturnal marsupial with large ears , to the young prince to "  adopt . " The royals will also visit the Blue Mountains near Sydney , where they 'll meet residents affected by recent bush fires , Uluru and the capital , Canberra , while in Australia . Opinion : New Zealand prepares to go ga-ga over blue-blooded baby Shared enthusiasm for trip In February , Australasian media seized on reports Australia 's incoming governor general had apparently let slip that George would make his first official visit Down Under . "  They 'll bring with them Prince George , the little one , " Peter Cosgrove was quoted as saying , after a visit to the Queen at Buckingham Palace . After reporters tried to clarify the comment , Cosgrove appeared to backtrack , saying , "  I hope he 's coming . " Confirmation came in early March that George was indeed joining his parents on the official trip -- echoing his father 's own childhood travels . Prince Charles and Princess Diana first took Prince William to New Zealand and Australia in 1983 , and he was photographed taking his first steps on the lawn of Government House in Auckland , New Zealand . New baby photos of Prince George emerge This will be Catherine 's first visit to either country , while William last visited New Zealand after the devastating 2011 earthquake in Christchurch . On this trip , the royal couple will visit the city together and stop to remember the 185 people killed . They are looking forward to their trip to both countries "  immensely , " Kensington Palace said . "  There 's no hiding the enthusiasm for the visit by both the Duke and the Duchess . The Duke , because he has been before ; and the Duchess because she has never been to either country but has wanted to do so as long as she can remember . "  The Duke has no doubt that his wife will fall in love with New Zealand and Australia every bit as much as he did , some years ago . " The kid 's a natural ` Competitive outbursts ' The pair may not always be in complete agreement on their trip , however . Kensington Palace said the Duke and Duchess were "  just a little competitive " and some of the events on the itinerary will pit husband against wife . The royal couple will board separate Team NZ America 's Cup yachts for some informal racing in Auckland and coach rival teams in "  rippa " rugby , a non-contact version of Rugby Union , in the South Island city of Dunedin . "  Again , I think we can expect some pretty competitive outbursts , " the palace said . A century after the outbreak of World War I , the tour will also see William and Kate paying tribute to both countries ' war dead and visiting military bases . Their last day will be April 25 -- ANZAC -LSB- Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -RSB- Day , which originally marked the landing of soldiers from both nations at Gallipoli , Turkey , in 1915 . In the eight-month campaign fought there , 2,721 New Zealanders and 8,709 Australians died , before the allied forces withdrew . The day is now a tribute to those who have died in all conflicts . The Duke and Duchess will plant a seed from a pine tree at the site of the battle at the Australian War Memorial in Australia 's capital city , Canberra , before returning to London . READ : Royal jet-set : Why Prince George is going long-haul	NEW : The royals touch down in Wellington , New Zealand 's capital Britain 's William and Catherine will visit New Zealand and Australia from April 7 to 25 A final decision has not been made on Prince George 's presence at public events It will be Catherine 's first visit to either country , while Prince William first visited in 1983
CNN  -- World No. 1 Tiger Woods lamented a "  rough day " after equaling the second-worst score of his professional career on Saturday . The American carded a seven-over-par 79 as he posted a triple bogey and two doubles in his opening nine holes at the Memorial Tournament , to be 16 shots off the lead as he struggled in the windy conditions . "  It was a rough day , " the defending champion told the PGA Tour website . "  It was tough out there from beginning to end . " Woods had seemed in good shape to end his five-year wait for a 15th major title at this month 's U.S. Open , with four wins already in 2013 , but his form at Muirfield Village in Ohio has been his worst this season -- carding 71 and 74 in the opening round of a tournament he has won five times . "  It 's just one of those things where I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who struggled out there , " said Woods , playing his first tournament since his public spat with Sergio Garcia -- who was accused of a racist remark after saying he would serve Tiger "  fried chicken " in response to a question about their argument at last month 's Players Championship "  The conditions were tough -- when I missed it cost me , " Woods added . "  I caught the wrong gusts at the wrong time , made a couple bad swings and all in all it just went the wrong way . " Starting on the back nine , Woods posted 44 by the turn -- his worst effort on the PGA Tour . He hit back with three birdies but then dropped two more shots , including a bogey at the last hole . "  We did n't hit that many bad shots starting out the day and the next thing you know we are quite a few over par , " he said . "  It was a tough day . I tried to fight back on the back nine , just did n't quite materialize . " World No. 2 Rory McIlroy also struggled in the third round , undoing his good work having earlier completed a weather-delayed 69 that meant he made the halfway cut . The Northern Irishman carded 75 -- three better than his opening 78 -- as he ended the day tied for 64th , two shots ahead of Woods but 14 behind leader Matt Kuchar . Kuchar posted his second successive round of 70 to claim a two-shot lead from fellow Americans Kevin Chappell  68  and Kyle Stanley  73  . Kuchar is in form after finishing second at last week 's Crowne Plaza Invitational , while he won the World Golf Championships-Accenture Match Play Championship in February . Halfway leader Bill Haas dropped to a tie for fourth with Matt Jones and 2010 Memorial winner Justin Rose of England after slumping to 76 . Meanwhile , Matteo Manassero stayed in contention for a second successive European Tour title despite faltering at the Stockholm Masters on Saturday . The 20-year-old Italian , who last week became the youngest winner of the tour 's flagship PGA Championship , carded one-under 71 to be tied for third in Sweden -- four shots behind leader Mikko Illonen of Finland .	Tiger Woods struggles with seven-over-par 79 at PGA Tour 's Memorial Tournament World 's top golfer is 24 shots off the lead following a difficult third round He posts the worst opening nine-hole score of his professional career Second-ranked Rory McIlroy also down the field after just making the cut
Mexico 's government is trying to block the execution of a convicted cop killer in Texas this week , arguing that it would violate international law . The case of Mexican citizen Edgar Tamayo Arias is the latest battle in a dispute over the rights of the foreign-born on American death rows . And U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has said it could put Americans abroad at risk . Tamayo , 46 , was convicted in the 1994 murder of a Houston police officer , whom he shot three times in the back of the head , according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . His attorneys are scheduled to present oral arguments Tuesday , calling for a preliminary injunction to stop the state 's governor and the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles from considering Tamayo 's clemency petition until the process is "  adequate and fair , " read a statement from his team . Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said Sunday that going ahead with Arias ' execution by injection , scheduled for Wednesday , would violate international law because Tamayo was n't advised of his right to receive consular assistance . This is n't the first time Mexico has stepped in to try to stop the execution of one of its citizens . Mexican officials made similar arguments -- unsuccessfully -- before executions in 2008 and 2011 . "  The Mexican government is opposed to the death penalty and has decided to use the necessary resources to protect its citizens who are in danger of receiving this sentence , " the ministry said . Kerry has also weighed in on Tamayo 's case , arguing that setting an execution date is "  extremely detrimental to the interests of the United States . " "  I want to be clear : I have no reason to doubt the facts of Mr. Tamayo 's conviction , and as a former prosecutor , I have no sympathy for anyone who would murder a police officer , " Kerry wrote . "  This is a process issue I am raising because it could impact the way American citizens are treated in other countries . " In a response to Kerry , Texas Deputy Attorney General Don Clemmer said he would meet with representatives from the Justice Department and the State Department over the matter . The International Court of Justice ruled in 2004 that the United States had violated the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations , the treaty that lays out rights of people detained in other nations , in the cases of dozens of Mexican nationals . The judges ordered the United States to provide "  review and reconsideration " of the sentences and convictions of those Mexican prisoners as a result . Mexico 's Foreign Ministry argues that has n't happened in Tamayo 's case . It 's a case Tamayo 's lawyer had made as well in attempts to stay his execution . "  The Mexican Foreign minister , the U.S. Secretary of State , evangelical and Latino leaders , former Texas Gov. Mark White and legal and international organizations have called on the The Texas Board of Pardon and Paroles and Gov.  Rick  Perry to halt the execution of Mr. Tamayo based on the violation of his consular rights , yet the Texas Board of Pardons has refused to even meet to discuss Mr. Tamayo 's clemency petition , " attorney Sandra Babcock said in a statement . "  Mr. Tamayo was never informed of his treaty rights at the time of his arrest , and no court has agreed to review that treaty violation and the consequences that it had for his conviction and sentence , " she told CNN affiliate KTRK . Prosecutors have disputed that argument . "  Since 1994 , this case has gone to all the courts that it can possibly go to -- the state courts , the federal courts , " Roe Wilson , assistant district attorney in Harris County , Texas , told KTRK . "  It has been reviewed . "	Defense attorneys are expected to present oral arguments Tuesday Edgar Tamayo Arias is scheduled to be executed in Texas on Wednesday Mexico 's government says the execution would violate international law Tamayo was convicted in the 1994 killing of a Houston police officer
"  Mad Men " showrunner Matthew Weiner has always been a stickler for detail , but his latest bid for period accuracy is pretty stringent even by his own high standards . Weiner is changing a song used in the upcoming fifth season premiere after critics who received early copies of the episode pointed out an apparent oversight : The track , Dusty Springfield 's 1967 tune "  The Look of Love , " was n't released until six months after the episode takes place . The writer-producer will use a different song instead . He sent this explanatory note to critics , which also does n't exactly hurt your relationship with the press : "  Dear Journalist : As you know , one of the things I love best about ` Mad Men ' is the passionate response I get from members of the press . Recently a few of you have mentioned that the song "  The Look of Love , " used in our season five premiere episode , was not actually released until six months after the episode takes place . Because of this we have replaced this song with one more suited to the time period and you , along with our audience , will hear it for the first time during our March 25th broadcast . Although we take license for artistic purposes with the end-title music , we never want the source music to break from the time period we are trying to recreate . As someone who has a deep appreciation for details , I want to thank you for bringing this to our attention . It 's a privilege to work on a show that generates an ongoing dialog with you and our amazing fans so please -- keep those notes and comments coming ! All the best , Matthew Weiner " Depending how much time is covered this season , maybe they can use the song in the fifth season finale instead ? See the full article at EW.com .	Matthew Weiner is changing a song used in the fifth season premiere of "  Mad Men " Critics pointed out that the track "  The Look of Love , " was n't released until after the episode takes place The writer-producer will use a different song instead
Ku Maloob Zaap , Mexico  CNN  -- Much of Mexico 's remaining oil wealth lies thousands of meters below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico . The question is : how to get at it . When state monopoly Pemex discovered its ` Supergiant ' oil fields in the 1970s , they were found in barely 100 meters of water . At the time , they were the envy of the world and made Pemex one of the biggest oil producers . But since 2004 , production has declined by nearly one million barrels a day as reservoirs dwindle . To compensate for the aging Supergiants , Pemex must now exploit resources at depths of up to 3,000 meters -- where they estimate there may be some 29 billion barrels of oil . There 's a vast area of the Gulf of Mexico to explore and the size of the task is really brought into focus when you visit an exploration rig . After a 20-minute helicopter flight over an endless expanse of shimmering ocean , a lone platform can just be seen on the horizon . Pemex has only three exploration rigs available to explore hundreds of thousands of square kilometers and to probe the subsoil they must drill wells which take around 100 days to complete . Progress is painfully slow compared to the United States . "  The U.S. has a contract scheme which allows private investment , which allows concessions , " says Carlos Ramirez of the Eurasia Group , a risk assessment organization . "  So there is a lot of activity coming from the big oil companies . In Mexico , that 's not the case so Pemex has to do it by itself , with its own resources . And the resources Pemex has are limited . " This is the root of the Mexico 's dilemma . When the government expropriated the country 's reserves in 1938 , the principle of national ownership of oil was enshrined in the constitution . Pemex is forbidden from entering into production sharing agreements  PSAs  with multinational companies , which would see a BP or ExxonMobil share the exploration risks in exchange for a stake in the oil discovered . Private investment in the company is also prohibited , so a partial IPO -- along the lines of Brazil 's Petrobras -- is out of the question . Pemex has so far invested some $ 3.8 billion in its Deep Water exploration , which many analysts say is not enough . So now there is controversial talk of constitutional amendment which would allow additional capital and expertise to be brought into Mexico 's oil industry . "  You have the incentive of the companies can bring all their capacities that an operator - an owner - would have , " acknowledges Carlos Morales , the head of Production and Exploration at Pemex . "  You can have access to that technical knowhow . " For Mexicans , Pemex is more than just an oil company . It is the only supplier of subsidized gas to motorists around the country . And more importantly , it paid for many of the roads they drive on -- as well as schools , hospitals and much of the nation 's infrastructure . Pemex 's earnings account for 35 % of the Federal budget . Deep water drilling is notoriously difficult . At depths of 3,000 meters , temperatures are so low that oil can freeze as it leaves the subsoil and equipment must be able to withstand strong currents . It raises memories of the Deepwater Horizon disaster along the U.S. Gulf coast , which Morales says has cast a shadow . "  It made us a lot more aware of the issues . We are in tough environments , no doubt . They have to make you think of the risks . You have to evaluate the worst case scenarios before going into the decision of drilling a well . You have to design your well perfectly . " This month 's deadly gas explosion at a Pemex processing center underlines the ever-present risk of industrial accidents in the energy industry . So with the obvious need for more expertise and capital , what are the prospects of a landmark constitutional amendment ? Mexico 's President-Elect Enrique Pena Nieto campaigned on a pledge to reform the energy sector and aides say he will tackle this in early 2013 . But he faces an uphill task . He lacks a majority in Congress to drive through his own legislation and the leftist PRD party in Mexico remains strongly opposed to sharing Mexico 's oil wealth . There is also the fact that Pemex is no longer in critical condition . "  Things in Pemex do n't seem to be as dire as they were 3 or 4 years ago , " says Ramirez . "  This production stability and reserve replacement and oil prices where they are - there does n't seem to be a sense of urgency in the political elites of Mexico to tackle such a complex and controversial reform . " For Pemex , the question is almost philosophical . "  In what timeframe do you want to monetize the reserves ? Many countries have taken that decision in different fashions , " Morales says . "  Norway decided to monetize in a short time period the reserves they had . And they did very successfully . They have the petroleum fund and many advantages . So whatever we do in the end should reflect on the standard of living of the Mexicans . "	Mexico is looking at deep water drilling as a way of extracting more of its oil reserves Some estimates say there may be up to 29 million barrels available Some now want constitutional amendment allowing private investment in oil But nationalized Pemex is popular with Mexicans , providing cheap gas and money for infrastructure
CNN  -- Tiger Woods is no longer officially considered one of golf 's top 50 players , ending a streak that extended back 15 years . According to the official World Golf Ranking , the 35-year-old Woods entered the weekend as the sport 's 50th best player . But he lost that standing when Louis Oosthuizen finished tied for fifth at this weekend 's Dunhill Links Championship in Scotland , earning him a place in the standings and ousting Woods . The rankings are endorsed by Professional Golf Association tours in the United States , Europe , Australia , Asia and elsewhere , according to the World Golf Ranking website . An updated ranking comes out every Monday . The last time Woods was not among the top 50 was on October 13 , 1996 . Since then , he won 14 major championships -- a distinction used for the Masters , U.S. Open , British Open and PGA championship -- and , for much of the next 778 weeks , ranked as the game 's best player . In recent years , Woods has been plagued by the fallout surrounding his infidelity and divorce from his wife as well as numerous injuries . His last tournament win was the Australian Masters in November 2009 . His next competition will be this week at the Frys.com Open in Corde Valley , California . Despite his recent slump , American team captain Fred Couples chose Woods as one of his wild card picks for next month 's Presidents Cup in Australia . CNN 's Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Woods entered this weekend as golf 's 50th best player A strong performance by Louis Oosthuizen led to Woods ' drop in rankings The last time Woods was not in the top 50 was in October 1996
Model Paulina Gretzky is n't a pro golfer but she 's made it onto the cover of the latest issue of Golf Digest . The controversial move has left some women in the sport frustrated as the magazine defends its position . Golf Digest , which bills itself as "  the authority on how to play , what to play and where to play , " has explained that as the fiancée of PGA Tour pro Dustin Johnson , Gretzky is a major celebrity in the golf world and thereby qualifies the recognition of a cover story . "  Sports figures , celebrities and models have appeared on Golf Digest covers since the magazine 's beginning , " the publication 's editor in chief , Jerry Tarde , says in a statement . "  Paulina ranks at the high end of the golf celebrity scene today , and she has a compelling story to tell . She also might get some new people interested in the game . " But to some members of the Ladies Professional Golf Association , choosing Gretzky -- who , yes , is the daughter of hockey great Wayne Gretzky -- means a female pro golfer is getting overlooked . "  It 's the state of where we 've always been . We do n't get the respect for being the golfers we are , " Stacy Lewis , a top-ranked American golfer , has told press , according to USA Today . "  Obviously , Golf Digest is trying to sell magazines , but at the same time you like to see a little respect for the women 's game . " In the Golf Digest piece , Gretzky discusses her involvement in the sport and demonstrates six golf-improvement exercises . On the cover and in two of the photos used to promote the issue , which is available via tablet starting April 8 and from newsstands starting April 15 , she does n't wear the typical golf attire but rather fitted workout pants and a sports bra . Golf Digest appears to have anticipated the reaction to the cover , as it already has an answer to the question , "  What 's Paulina Gretzky doing on the cover of Golf Digest ? " up on its website . The response falls in line with what editor Tarde says in his statement : given the fact that Gretzky is "  as much a subject of fascination at tournaments as the guy she 's there watching , " combined with the fact that "  she 's an attractive , fit woman who -- like many of our prospective readers -- is fairly new to golf ... she seemed a natural cover subject for our second annual issue devoted to fitness . " That position seems to answer the query veteran golfer Angela Stanford has asked : Who , exactly , is Golf Digest trying to sell to ? "  If the answer is men 25 years old through 45 years old , then I guess that 's what they have to do , " she told USA Today . "  You know the old saying , sex sells . And nobody can argue with that . It 's just the way it is . But the LPGA has some attractive women and very fit women , so why not use them ? I 'm just baffled by it . "	Golf Digest 's new issue featuring Paulina Gretzky has sparked questions Gretzky does not play the sport professionally , but is engaged to a pro golfer It 's left women in the sport frustrated by the lack of recognition
CNN  -- Pediatrician and neurologist Dr. William D. Graf has noticed a disturbing trend . Over the past 20 years , he begun to hear stories of an increasing number of doctors who give perfectly healthy children prescriptions for the sole purpose of enhancing their focus or memory . The dramatic increase in the number of children taking stimulants and other "  study drugs , " as they are popularly known , seems to back up his anecdotal evidence . Inspired by his growing concern over this trend , Graf collaborated with five other doctors to write a position paper that offers guidance to physicians and discusses the ethics of the practice . Published Wednesday in the American Academy of Neurology 's journal , the paper is the first of its kind to focus solely on prescribing these drugs to healthy children , Graf said . "  It was n't clear to any of us why this has n't been written before , " Graf said . "  The trend has been around for a couple decades now . It was clear to us that there needs to be this kind of conversation with physicians . " The paper argues that doctors have a "  moral obligation " to "  prevent misuse of medication . " It concludes that the practice of "  neuroenhancements " is n't justifiable . It adds that the prescription of these drugs is inadvisable because of "  numerous social , developmental , and professional integrity issues . " "  We are a highly competitive society , and we know some physicians are prescribing these at a parent 's request , " Graf said . "  Other parents have told us they felt doctors pushed these drugs on their children . " Though the drugs are effective in treating problems like attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder in healthy children , they can have serious side effects like cardiac risks , and taking them can be addictive . "  This is not what these drugs were designed for , and doctors can be a part of the problem , " Graf said . "  Our professional integrity is at stake . " Graf said the number of prescriptions written for these kinds of drugs has increased tenfold in the past two decades . According to a 2004 study  PDF  , in some U.S. school districts , "  the proportion of boys taking methylphenidate exceeds the highest estimates of the prevalence of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder . " ADHD diagnosis rising Another study  PDF  suggests that about 16 % of the population of some high school and college campuses uses prescription drugs as study aids . "  Many students think there 's a magic pill that could fix everything . Trouble is , that 's not true , " said Greg Eells , associate director of Counseling and Psychological Services at Gannett Health Services at Cornell University . He believes that when the law changed to allow pharmaceutical companies to market directly to the public , an entire generation 's acceptance of taking prescriptions changed . "  It did make a huge difference in self-diagnosis . " College students take ADHD drugs for better grades Eells has seen an uptick in the number of students taking or asking for the drugs at Cornell , an Ivy League school known for its rigorous curriculum and ultracompetitive atmosphere . His clinic puts students through a rigorous battery of tests to make sure they actually have ADHD before they receive a prescription for the medication . Still , he knows that if students ca n't get the drugs at his clinic , they may try to buy them from their peers . That 's why he warns students that buying prescription drugs from other students is illegal and dangerous . "  They have a tendency to think if they can Google it , they know what they are getting into , " he said . "  But there 's a reason only people who 've gone to medical school for a long time can prescribe these drugs . These drugs are serious business . " Dr. Mark Wolraich , chairman of the American Academy of Pediatrics clinical practice guideline subcommittee on ADHD , says this newly published position paper represents "  pretty much the position that all clinicians have . " His only concern is that parents who hear about it may be too nervous to seek treatment for their children with ADHD , for whom the drugs would actually be beneficial . "  They can work really well with kids with ADHD , " Wolraich said . He also notes that there may be more valid reasons for the growing number of young people taking ADHD medicines . More people are being legitimately diagnosed with the disorder , and doctors have changed their thinking about ADHD , he said . Until recently , many doctors believed that children eventually outgrew ADHD symptoms . "  We used to think it disappeared at puberty , but it 's not the case . So there will be more cases of adolescents and people at older ages diagnosed with ADHD , " Wolraich said . As neuroenhancement grows more popular and new drugs become readily accessible , Graf said , he and his colleagues wondered whether their paper would it still be valid 20 years from now . "  Some have argued this practice is not going to stop . Neuroenhancement is going to continue regardless , " he said . "  But we came to the conclusion that I think we should draw line at this practice . We do n't believe that will change . "	Doctors obligated to "  prevent misuse of medication , " position paper says 16 % of the population of some high schools and colleges may use "  study drugs " Drugs that work well for kids with ADHD may have negative side effects for healthy children
CNN  -- I grew up in Florida in wartime -- where the bombs were 7,691 miles away . My childhood was an Afghan-American suburban dream punctuated by weekend sleepovers , Saturday soccer games , fistfights with racist children of the Confederate South and religio-nationalist-driven demonstrations chanting "  Down with Brezhnev ! " ; "  Long live Islam ! " ; "  Down with Communism ! " ; and "  Long Live Afghanistan ! " before I even knew what that meant . It is what I was fed growing up , in between Southern-fried chicken and garlic mashed potatoes , cumin-scented meat and basmati rice . That 's why I 've referred to myself as "  Afghan by blood , redneck by the grace of God . " Watch Aman Mojadidi 's TED Talk Now as an artist in a world that is simultaneously in the process of globalizing and fracturing , the work I do explores what I have come to call the "  geography of self , " a concept that revolves around a positioning of oneself in the world -- not just physically , but emotionally , mentally and , perhaps even for those who believe , spiritually . This position is ambiguous , temporary and very often debated . It is constructed by multiple voices and rendered through a prism of different , sometimes even contradictory , perspectives . The body of work I create combines traditional storylines and postmodern narrative strategies to approach themes such as belonging , identity politics and conflict , as well as the push towards -- and resistance against -- modernization . My work travels through mental and physical landscapes . It intentionally blurs and merges the lines between them , as well as those between fact and fiction , documentation and imagination . I looked into corruption in Afghanistan through a work called "  Payback " and impersonated a police officer , set up a fake checkpoint on the street in Kabul and stopped cars , but instead of asking them for a bribe , offered them money and apologized on behalf of the Kabul Police Department . I spent a day in the life of a jihadi gangster who wears his jihad against the communists like pop-star bling and uses armed religious intimidation and political corruption to make himself rich . And where else can the jihadi gangster go , but run for parliament and do a public installation campaign with the slogan : "  Vote for me ! I 've done jihad , and I 'm rich . " TED.com : What I saw in the war What I engage in through my art is , in fact , storytelling . But through these stories , there is a clear attempt to disrupt and reinterpret historical narratives , both real and imagined , in order to create an entirely new narrative that challenges the dominating histories ' stories that shape our experience and understanding of the world we live in . It 's not about activism , but about being engaged with our world and humanity in a way that goes beyond the superficial , instead looking deeper into historical constructions of our present state and the basic principles of human responsibility . Art has often been and continues to be considered transcendent . I see this as misguided and , in fact , a way of subverting the powerful voice art can be in global discussions about politics , economics , society , culture , religion and international relations . TED.com : My photographs bear witness This is not to say that I think my art provides answers . In fact , it may simply produce more questions . But in asking those questions , history and our role in how it constructs the present can be better understood . By using historical facts , documentation , oral history and imagination , I create forms of resistance against the imposition of certain historical interpretations upon us . It provides a way for us to rethink history , disturb identity , challenge authority , dissect politics , shake up society and understand ourselves . In the end , I hope we learn to question what we know of the past , what we understand of the present and what we can imagine for the future . Perhaps this is too ambitious a project ; perhaps art should simply be aesthetically appealing and keep itself out of the realm of politics , history and self-awareness . Perhaps this is too arrogant a philosophy , to think that what I have to say about the world and our role in it has any bearing at all on how others should think about their environment and themselves . TED.com : Dreams from endangered cultures Perhaps this is too futile a goal and art is not enough of an action to be an actual catalyst for change . But this is the burden of creating this kind of work , a burden that perhaps comes from the dualistic life I have lived as an American citizen growing up in the comfort of suburbia while family members in Afghanistan fought , died and , yes , killed in their battle against an invading army . Knowing these opposing experiences could be simultaneously shared within the collective subconscious of my family drove me towards trying to better understand history , politics , perspectives and the human condition . This IS my burden and so I must ask : "  What 's yours ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aman Mojadidi .	Aman Mojadidi , an American of Afghan descent , is an artist who has worked in Kabul He has chosen provocative themes , using humor to examine life in Afghanistan His work intentionally blurs fact and fiction , reality and imagination He imitated a "  jihadi gangster " and did a reverse impersonation of a corrupt police officer
CNN  A freshly fallen tree in the roadway was Jason Warnock 's first clue . Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston , Idaho , on Wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff . The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence , still clinging to the earth above Bryden Canyon Road . "  I seen that guy hanging there and he was trying to beat the window out or the door open and I was like ` Oh man , ' 'cause only like five links were hanging there , " Warnock told KXLY , a CNN affiliate . "  I was like , I got ta do something and no one was doing anything . " What Warnock did next , captured in a dramatic photo by Lewiston Tribune photographer Barry Kough , made headlines around the world . Warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver , 23-year-old Matthew Sitko , who appeared to be in shock . "  I got up there and I was like , ` Are you alright man ? ' He shook his head , yeah . I grabbed my Snap-on multi-tool and it had jagged edges on each end . I hit the window three times and it did n't break . Every time I hit it , the thing rocked like it was going to fall off , " Warnock told KXLY . Sitko was finally able to get the passenger-side window down . Warnock then reached in and pulled Sitko out to safety -- a moment recorded by Kough 's camera . Then Warnock disappeared . "  I left and got out of there before anyone knew who I was , " he said . He remained an unknown good Samaritan , his identity a mystery , until Kough 's picture of the daring rescue appeared in the Lewiston paper and spread across the Internet . "  I do n't feel like I deserve any credit or anything , " Warnock said . "  I just did what anyone would do , went right back to work . " Thanks to Warnock , Sitko went to the hospital with just minor injuries . "  The Lewiston Police Department would like to thank Jason Warnock for his quick and decisive actions in helping Mr. Sitko and preventing the situation from worsening , " said Roger Lanier , the interim police chief . Warnock told KXLY he did n't want or expect all the attention and would rather be fishing in the mountains than reading about himself .	Jason Warnock rescued a man whose SUV was dangling off the edge of a cliff Warnock : "  I do n't feel like I deserve any credit ... I just did what anyone would do "
The day after Michael Brown was killed by a police officer , Syreeta Myers drove from her South City home to the northwest suburb of Ferguson . She marched on the street demanding justice for Brown 's death . She wanted to stand by his parents . Two months later , Brown 's father was calling her . This time , it was Myers who was receiving support . Like the Browns , she had lost a son . VonDerrit Myers Jr. was 18 , just like Michael Brown . He was a young black man killed by a white police officer . "  My issue is with crooked cops who wo n't hesitate to kill a black man , " Syreeta Myers tells me on this dreary Sunday afternoon . Brown was unarmed , and the grand jury investigating his killing is expected to make a decision any day now on whether to indict Officer Darren Wilson . Myers hopes her son 's case will also be investigated to sort out opposing sides of the story . "  Picture if this was your kid . What would you want ? " she would like to tell the grand jurors . "  Base your decision on the facts . " Just as in Brown 's case , the facts in Myers ' killing are disputed . And Myers ' case is far more complicated . At issue is whether or not a teenager who had a history with guns tried to shoot a police officer . Police say that the October 8 confrontation in the city 's Shaw neighborhood began when Myers and two others ran from an off-duty police officer working for a private security firm . Police have not released the officer 's name , but Jermaine Wooten , an attorney for the Myers family , identified him . Wooten says the name was included in an evidence sheet inadvertently left with VonDerrit Myers ' body when it was brought to the funeral home . The St. Louis Post-Dispatch said it had independently verified the officer as Jason H. Flanery . Police would not confirm the name for CNN . The officer is on administrative leave while the shooting is investigated . The officer was in his car and chased Myers and the two others because he thought one of them had a handgun , police said . He tussled with Myers , police said , and then Myers fired three shots at the officer . The officer fired back with 17 rounds and killed him . Police said they found Myers with a stolen gun that matched three bullets that were recovered near the officer 's location . They also said tests confirmed gunshot residue on Myers ' hand , T-shirt and jeans . The residue , police said , could mean a person fired a gun , or was near a gun when it was fired . Family disputes police account But Syreeta Myers tells a different version of what happened on the night that she lost her only child . She refers to witness accounts of Myers running away and begging for his life when the officer shot him . She says her son was holding a sandwich , which he was seen buying on a shop surveillance video , and not a gun . Wooten says VonDerrit Myers pleaded with the officer . "  Stop , stop . Do n't shoot . " That 's what witnesses heard him say , Wooten tells me . A private autopsy done for the family showed that Myers had seven leg wounds , and one bullet struck him in the face . Myers had been wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet since a June arrest for unlawful use of a weapon and resisting arrest . Police said those charges resulted from him tossing a loaded .380 - caliber pistol into a sewage drain . Shortly after his death , photos of him posing with guns went viral online . The shooting immediately drew a comparison to Brown 's , except media reports described Myers as an armed criminal . But her son 's troubles with the law did not justify his death , Syreeta Myers says . Why is it , she asks , that everything bad about the victim is made public and not the man who killed him ? "  If you believe a person is guilty of a crime , lock him up . Do n't shoot him , " she says . "  This is senseless . I was cheated . I only got 18 years with my son . He should still be here . " VonDerrit Myers ' past does not matter to many who are protesting Brown 's death . Myers may not be a Trayvon Martin or Michael Brown or any of the others on the list of slain , unarmed black men in America . But his shooting in St. Louis , so soon after Brown 's , has fed a cry for racial justice . The voices of Ferguson Myers was another case of a black teen killed by a white police officer , another case that demonstrated , they say , that black lives do not matter . Ferguson church turns to faith as uncertainty looms ` Mama , I 'm going to make you proud ' I meet Syreeta Myers at her attorney 's St. Louis office on Sunday afternoon . Outside , the skies are dark with thick clouds . The rain is blowing sideways . Ferguson is just a few miles from here . These neighborhoods in St. Louis are on edge ahead of the grand jury announcement in the Brown case . Sunday evening , protesters marched for two hours on the streets near where VonDerrit Myers was shot . In the shadow of the storm called Ferguson , a quiet grave Myers and I sit at a conference table and begin our conversation . She tells me her son was not the animal the media portrayed . "  How can you make a decision about a person you do n't know ? " she asks . I learn that when she was close to eight months ' pregnant , doctors said her baby would probably not survive . She had preeclampsia , a complication characterized by high blood pressure that can prove fatal for both mother and child . The only cure is an immediate delivery of the baby . Myers , a certified pharmacy technician , and her husband braced for the worst . But the baby came out screaming and weighed almost 5 pounds , 3 ounces . They named him after his father . He grew to become a good student who loved basketball and softball , although his asthma hampered him at times . When he entered high school , he began to hang out with friends his mother disapproved of . Some were dropouts , losers . "  When you are around negativity , it rubs off on you , " she says . VonDerrit was living with his grandmother when he was killed . Her place was closer to his school and to the assembly line job he had at a plastic company . But Myers often went out with him on mother-son dates . They 'd go eat at Chili 's and catch a movie -- the last one they saw together was "  The Equalizer . " And all he talked about was getting off the box , meaning the ankle bracelet . That 's why , Myers says , she finds it preposterous that he would shoot anyone . On October 7 , Myers spoke to her son for the last time . He told her he was job hunting after getting laid off and had turned in applications . He was looking forward to graduation from Gateway High School in January . Myers says he had to attend an extra semester because he had failed some classes . He had dreams of being an athletic scout or a construction engineer , she says . "  Mama , " he told her in that two-hour phone call , "  I 'm going to make you proud . " ` Families should not have to bear this pain ' The next evening , Myers and her husband were at a grocery store when her cell phone rang . She learned her son had been shot . They rushed to the scene on Shaw Boulevard . Her phone rang again . She learned her son was dead . Police did not let her into the taped-off area . She could see what she knew was her son 's body under black sheeting . Her husband went to the morgue later to identify him . She did not want his bloodied body to be the last image of him in her mind . The next night , dozens of protesters turned up at the corner of Shaw and Grand boulevards . Some burned American flags that night . For Myers , the hours and days since her son 's shooting are a blur . She stopped watching the news . It was too painful to see her son 's face , to hear others call him a thug and to listen to countless discussions about racial hatred and police brutality . Instead , she reached for her Bible . She says that as a Christian , she knows she will have to forgive the officer who shot her son . But she can not just yet . The call from Michael Brown Sr. was comforting , she says . "  He knew what I was experiencing , " she says . "  Families should not have to bear this pain . I am breathing , but I feel like my life just stopped . " It 's difficult for Myers to talk about her son , especially with Thanksgiving just a few days away . She wipes away tears and gets up and leaves the room when her attorney talks about her son 's gunshot wounds . She never got a condolence call from the St. Louis Police Department . But she never expected one . She says she does n't despise all police . She recognizes they put their lives on the line for the safety of others . But she believes that in this case -- and in the case of Michael Brown -- a police officer committed a crime , and he should be punished . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter .	The mother of a black 18-year-old killed by white police officer speaks out Syreeta Myers says her son did not have a gun ; police say he did Her son 's troubles with the law , she says , did not justify his death
Holiday albums could be less forgettable when pictures of a Mediterranean meal carry the scent of olives ; a selfie on the beach contains a trace of salt spray or a rainy London scene conveys the distinctive aroma of freshly wet concrete . If the digital age has increased the volume of communication , it may not have improved the quality . Reversing that trend is the goal of a new generation of sensory engineers who are going beyond sight and sound to produce devices that use our untapped faculties . Perhaps the most exciting breakthroughs right now are arriving in the form of smell-centered communication . "  Our motto is ` aroma tells a thousand pictures ' " , says Dr. David Edwards , biomedical engineer at Harvard and founder of Le Laboratoire , known for producing radical sensory devices such as calorie-free chocolate spray . Every human has thousands of distinct smell sensors , Edwards explains , a resource he taps with his newest invention the oPhone . Read more : Wireless electricity ? It 's here Set for a beta launch in July , this phone offers the most sophisticated smell messaging yet created . In collaboration with Paris perfumers Givaudan and baristas Café Coutume , Edwards has created a menu of scents , contained in ` Ochips ' . MIT electrical engineer Eyal Shahar designed containers for them that release when heated by the touch of a button , but cool quickly to keep smells distinct and localized , a historic difficulty with the much-mocked smell-o-vision experiments in cinema . Mix and match The oPhone user can mix and match aromas and then send their composition as a message , which will be recreated on a fellow user 's device . Up to 356 combinations will be possible in the first wave , rising to several thousand in the next year , and the dream is an exhaustive base -- the ` universal chip ' . "  Biologically we respond powerfully to aroma , so if we become familiar with the design of aromatic communication we might be able to say things we could n't before " , says Edwards . He sees the limited aromas of the oPhone as the first letters of a rich new language , that may be used as a basis for novels and symphonies . The faith is grounded on the acknowledged influence of smell on the subconscious , and the potential to learn its secrets . The first oPhones will be limited to a select community of coffee enthusiasts . But the launch on July 10 will be accompanied by a more inclusive product : the first olfactory social network . A free app will allow anyone to compose and send a smell note by text or email , based on a set menu of aromas and variations . The message can be received by any normal phone as a text . The recipient can then download the composition from hotspots which will be set up in the launch city of Boston . "  We 're expecting an interest in self-expression and we 're ready to learn with the public " , says Edwards . "  We would like to be reactive as new ideas for aromatic vocabularies arise , and to continue providing them for new interests . " Read more : How to mend your body with silk He is betting the public around Boston 's famous technology centers are early adopters , and will take the concept forward . Beyond the city , the network will include a public interface for people to trade tips and recipes , and store them in cloud software . Edwards plans to feature ` smell emoticons ' and viral stunts , and may offer a mixing deck that allows overlap with music production software . The concept can benefit from saturation of the current communication market , says trend analyst and editor of ` Green Futures ' Anna Simpson . "  We 're reaching a limit with what we can do with text data , and there is the potential to connect more deeply and personally through smell . " Simpson also believes a consumer shift toward experience could drive adoption . "  There is growing interest from brands in resources for creating richer experiences . Smelly start-ups Giants such as Olympus are publishing research , but for now start-ups are taking the initiative . Singapore 's Mixed Reality Lab has been prolific in this space , engineering Japanese device Scentee that allows users to send a single fragrance between them . The company released an app worldwide in February , and has lucrative partnerships such as with Mugaritz restaurant in Spain , that allows for online cooking tutorials with leading chefs to give students a whiff of the smell they are aiming for . Read more : ` The night I invented 3D printing ' "  Right now it 's the equivalent of music before mp3s , when you had to record a song on a tape and physically give it someone " , says Dr. Adrian Cheok , founder of the Mixed Reality Lab and professor of pervasive technology at City University , London . "  We can send a basic scent through a device like Scentee , but we need the framework to make millions of them available through digitization . " Cheok is testing a device that would connect us directly to the Internet , inspired by the successful connection of optical fibres to neurons of mice . His lab experiments involve subjects wearing a mouthguard-like device containing magnetic coils , from which electric signals are directed into the olfactory bowl to simulate the effect of smell . The wearer 's brains are scanned before and after to pinpoint the effect , and the results have encouraged Cheok enough to believe a prototype could be available in two years . A similar technique has already born fruit with a similar design simulating the effects of taste . But taste has just four primary forms -- bitter , sweet , salty , sour -- whereas smell involves identifying individual molecules with no primary form . "  The most basic smell still has hundreds of molecules and you need analytical chemistry to see what 's there " , says Dr. Joel Mainland of the Monell Chemical Senses Center . "  Perhaps only 5 % would have an impact on smell , so it 's difficult to pick them out . It 's more trial and error than quantitative science . " Healthy aroma Monell are also pursuing the goal of digitizing olfaction , with healthcare applications high on the agenda . One of their research areas is seeking smell biomarkers in cancer patients , using an ` e-nose ' to hunt chemicals in the blood to deliver early diagnosis . The process was inspired by the ability of dogs to sense sickness , although their smelling ability is multiples higher . Although this research is still young in the lab , similar technology is already being smartphone-enabled . A NASA-developed chemical sensor has been released to a commercial partner as the basis for mobile applications that could breath-test users . UK Nanotechnology company Owlstone are raising several million dollars in venture capital for a handheld sensor that that could detect a wider range of diseases . Medical uses are high on the agenda for the burgeoning Digital Olfaction Society , whose upcoming conference will discuss olfaction technology for identifying dangerous gases , guidance for the blind and cognitive aid for Alzheimer 's sufferers . But industries as varied as military , travel , jewellery , food and entertainment will also be represented . Dr. Cheok believes the ultimate direction of goal is a multi-sensory device unifying all five senses to create an immersive virtual reality , and could be usable within five years . The neglected senses are making up for lost time . More from Make , Create , Innovate : New technology can detect your mood Possibly the world 's most impressive paper plane	Sensory engineers developed oPhone , a device that enables smell messaging . A free app will soon allow anyone to compose and send a smell note . The new technology could revolutionize our use of social media or healthcare
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Rare images of an African animal so elusive that it was once believed to be mythical have been released . One of the first pictures of the elusive okapi was taken by camera trap . The okapi is a shy animal related to the giraffe , with zebra-like stripes on its rear . It is native to the tropical rainforests of Africa but is now known to live only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Okapis were last seen in the DRC 50 years ago , and the images are the first to capture the animal in the wild . "  To have captured the first-ever photographs of such a charismatic creature is amazing , " said Noelle Kumpel , manager of the Bushmeat and Forests Conservation Program at the Zoological Society of London , which took the pictures . "  Okapi are very shy and rare animals , which is why conventional surveys only tend to record droppings and other signs of their presence . " The okapi 's face and long legs resemble those of the giraffe , their closest-living relative , but they look more like horses with long necks . The average height of their shoulders is 1.6 meters  5 feet , 3 inches  , the ZSL says . They have a short , dense , velvety coat and dark prehensile tongue long enough to clean their own eyelids and ears . The new pictures show the okapi in the foliage of the DRC 's Virunga National Park , where decades of economic collapse and armed conflict have threatened the diverse wildlife . In one image , an okapi looks curiously toward the camera amid the green trees and groundcover . Its large ears , dark nose , and zebra stripes are clearly visible . The next shot shows the okapi walking away from the camera , giving a clear view of its striking black-and-white stripes on its rear legs . A third image released by ZSL was taken at night and gives a vivid side view of the animal . "  The photographs clearly show the stripes on their rear , which act like unique fingerprints , " said Theirry Lusenge , a key member of ZSL 's survey team in the DRC . "  We have already identified three individuals , and further survey work will enable us to estimate population numbers and distribution in and around the park , which is a critical first step in targeting conservation efforts . " ZSL said the images prove the okapi still thrives in the park despite threats to its survival , which include poaching , deforestation , military camps inside the park , and the influx of refugees at the park 's borders . The animal 's exact status is still a mystery , however , and it remains under threat , the ZSL said . Okapi meat reportedly poached from the park is now regularly on sale at the nearby town of Beni -- and if hunting continues at the same rate , okapi could become extinct within the park within a few years , the ZSL said . The Virunga National Park is one of only three protected areas the okapi are known to inhabit , the ZSL said . The ZSL 's study of the okapi is part of a larger EU-funded conservation project in the park . Though focused on okapi , the study has also managed to find other species including shrews and duikers , a kind of antelope , a ZSL spokeswoman said . The study involved 18 cameras set up around the park by the ZSL and the Congolese Institute for Nature Conservation , the spokeswoman said . The announcement comes a month after another group of researchers reported finding thousands of previously-unknown gorillas in the neighboring Republic of Congo . The U.S.-based Wildlife Conservation Society said in August they had found 125,000 Western lowland gorillas living in a swamp in northern Congo , adding significantly to the existing worldwide population of the threatened species . Okapi were well known by Africans for centuries but the animal remained elusive , thanks to its acute hearing and effective camouflage , according to The National Zoological Gardens of South Africa . Nineteenth-century explorers sometimes caught a fleeting glimpse of the okapi 's striped backside as it ran through the forest , leading to speculation that it was a kind of zebra , the National Zoological Gardens says . It was known to the pygmy as a sacred animal . Still , the okapi remained unknown to the Western world until the early 20th century , when British explorer Harry Johnston went to Congo and sent a complete skin and skull back to Britain , the ZSL said .	African animal so elusive it was once believed to be mythical is photographed Okapi is shy animal related to the giraffe , with zebra-like stripes on its rear Animal is now known to live only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
CNN  -- The headlines for the new season of ABC 's "  The Bachelor " read : "  The Bachelor returns with its first Latino , " "  Hola , Juan Pablo , " and "  Expect ` lots of Latino ' fun . " And millions are tuning in to watch Juan Pablo Galavis , a 32-year-old former professional soccer player who is American-born but grew up in Venezuela . The "  sexy , hot-blooded Latino " is one of many stereotypes that is prevalent in Hollywood . And , as the Hispanic population continues to grow , more and more attention is being drawn to how Latinos are represented in television and film . While it may seem harmless to portray Latinos as sexy , these typecasts limit the roles for actors in Hollywood , said actor Esai Morales . "  Latinos are either cast as either the overly hormonal  "  Oh mamacita , I have to have you "  , overly hysterical  "  Lucy ! "  , overly hostile  "  I 'll cut you sucka ! "  , or overly humble  "  We are a poor people "  , " Morales told CNN in a recent interview . Those , according to Morales , are the "  four H 's of Hollywood " that make up Hollywood 's patronizing formula for Latino actors . And , Morales said , it 's the reason why Hispanics rarely play heroes or leaders . "  It 's just broad strokes , " said Morales , whose acting credits include "  24 , " "  NYPD Blue , " and "  Criminal Minds . " "  I do n't want to be the ` spice ' added to a show , I 'm not a condiment ! " Just last month , Britney Spears unknowingly touched on two of those stereotypes during an interview with Univision . When asked what Spears likes most about Latino culture , she said : "  I think it 's very sexy . I 've always loved Latinos . They make me think of a bad-boy type that your father would n't let you go out with . " Some gossip websites seized on her comments , describing them as "  racist , " which might be a stretch . "  She did n't mean it badly , but it shows how seriously under-educated she is and how little big stars know about the Latino community , " Morales said . Hispanic marketing expert Gabriel Reyes said America 's pervasive need to sexualize Latinos as "  exotics " is based on strong archetypes that have been built up for generations within Latino culture . Because of that , Reyes said , stereotypes like the Latin lover , the Latina bombshell , or the meek and lowly servant will take a long time to be eradicated from film and television . The National Hispanic Media Coalition commissioned a study on the impact of media portrayals of Latinos and immigrants that revealed that news and entertainment media have a strong influence on non-Latinos ' perceptions of Latinos and immigrants . In other words , media plays an integral part in how a certain group of people are viewed and that has profound consequences in society . That 's something Spears ' comments reflect , according to Reyes . "  Britney is simply another non-Latino stating what so many already believe , " said Reyes , president of Reyes Entertainment . The National Hispanic Media Coalition supports ABC in selecting the first minority bachelor in the show 's 11-year history . But the coalition 's president said there 's room for improvement . "  Within one Latino family you 'll have those who are very light to a very dark complexion , a whole spectrum of coloration , " said coalition president and CEO Alex Nogales . "  While Juan Pablo 's presence on ` The Bachelor ' is a step in the right direction , I would love to see more Latinos on screen that are mestizos . " The New York Post wrote that ABC 's bachelor pick "  looks so white he could easily slip into a Mitt Romney family photo . " Most Latinos identify as mestizo , a mix of indigenous and European descent , but -- like "  The Bachelor " star -- not all Latinos are olive-skinned with dark hair . Some Latinos are black like Victor Cruz or Tristan Wilds and others look completely European , like Vanna White or Ryan Lochte . Latin America 's diverse racial demographics are from a mixed-race background made up of European , African and indigenous cultures . Galavis may not represent the typical Hispanic man , but he is very much Latino . The show declined to comment on why it chose Galavis , but his "  Latino " presence seems more like a strategic business move than a newfound love for the Latino community . In 2012 , a class action lawsuit was filed against the reality show 's producers , accusing them of racial discrimination . The suit was eventually dismissed by a judge who ruled it could n't survive First Amendment review . No network wants that kind of publicity , especially since ABC falls within the top three rated networks in measured Hispanic households , a coveted audience with a collective buying power of more than $ 1 trillion , mostly driven by Latinas , according to Nielsen . Galavis ' ethnicity and the fact he has such a light complexion can kill two birds with one stone : appealing to the Hispanic audience while still carrying general market appeal . Reyes believes Latinos have bigger fish to fry , with immigration reform high on the list of priorities for many and midterm elections around the corner . "  Latinos have other things to worry about , like the lack of voter participation . That 's where the key to exercising our power lies , " Reyes said . When "  Modern Family " debuted , the show received a lot of flak and praise for casting Sofia Vergara as Gloria Pritchett , the trophy wife of Jay Pritchett . Supporters applauded ABC for giving the role to a Latina actress , but critics said she was playing up the role of the stereotypical "  hysterical loud Latina . " Morales believes in order to break the stereotype cycle in Hollywood , a combination of things need to happen : Sought after talents like director Steven Spielberg need to tell the stories of the Hispanic community , and more Latinos need to be producers and directors , to help tell these stories the right way . He said that 's starting to happen . "  Did I mention I 'm taking on a new job ? " Morales said . "  I get to play the president of the United States ! " Morales is referring to his starring role as President Julian Navarro on "  The Brink , " an upcoming pilot on HBO that also stars Tim Robbins and Jack Black , who are also reportedly producing the new series . While the Spearses of the world and tacky marketing tactics may still get their moment in the sun , Morales said he thinks Hollywood has gotten better than when he started . "  It 's up to us  Latino actors  now . There are a lot more Latino characters on TV now . The key is to not let it just be a ` Latino wave , ' and to be undeniably good . "	Are stereotypes in Hollywood harmless or harmful ? Esai Morales : "  I do n't want to be the ` spice ' added to a show , I 'm not a condiment ! " Reyes says Latinos have other things to worry about like the lack of voter participation "  The key is to not let it just be a ` Latino wave , ' and to be undeniably good "
CNN  -- An ongoing skid in crude oil markets and the impact of Superstorm Sandy helped drive U.S. gasoline prices down nearly 21 cents a gallon in late October , the latest Lundberg Survey found . The national average price of regular gas fell to $ 3.55 a gallon between October 19 and November 2 , survey publisher Trilby Lundberg said . "  It 's the biggest price decline in our surveys since early December 2008 , when the recession hit in full force , " Lundberg said . The price at the pump remains about 12 cents higher than a year ago after a volatile year that 's seen steep peaks and deep declines . Crude oil prices , which make up the largest element of the price of motor fuel , are on the downswing , and demand has fallen since the end of the summer vacation season , Lundberg said . Behind the gas panic : One expert explains "  But we also have two other things going on -- the destruction from Sandy inhibiting consumption of petroleum products , and demand weakness from lackluster economic performance , " she said . Lundberg predicted gas prices could fall another 10 to 20 cents a gallon in the coming weeks , "  assuming there 's no jolt in the price of crude from some awful , international reason . " The Lundberg Survey canvasses more than 2,500 filling stations across the continental United States twice a month . In the latest , conducted November 2 , the cheapest gas could be found in Memphis , Tennessee , at $ 3.11 per gallon ; the highest was in San Francisco , at $ 4.05 . Average per-gallon prices in other cities : Atlanta : $ 3.36 Billings , Montana : $ 3.60 Boston : $ 3.75 Denver : $ 3.46 Houston : $ 3.30 Jackson , Mississippi : $ 3.21 Minneapolis : $ 3.26 Newark , New Jersey : $ 3.54 Philadelphia : $ 3.67 Portland , Oregon : $ 3.76	The national average price of regular gasoline fell to $ 3.55 a gallon , survey finds Superstorm Sandy cut into demand , while crude oil prices declined Cheapest gas was found in Memphis , Tennessee ; San Francisco had the highest
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic was a man in a hurry . The two-time defending champion at the ATP World Tour Finals might have been expected to be tested by the new U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic , in their Group A opener , but it turned in to a one-sided rout Monday . World number one Djokovic broke the giant Croatian no less than six times on his way to a 6-1 6-1 victory in less than an hour at the 02 Arena in London . It was the Serbian 's 11th straight victory at the end of season event and his 28th straight in matches played indoors . Cilic 's powerful serve , which so helped him to his grand slam triumph at Flushing Meadow , was rendered impotent by the returning brilliance of the number one seed , "  It was a great performance obviously , " he said after his quickfire victory . "  Marin was a U.S. Open winner but I managed to neutralize his service and get a lot of balls back in play . " Djokovic , who is looking to wrap up the season-ending No. 1 ranking , will achieve that feat if he reaches the semifinal stage with a 3-0 winning record from the round-robin group . He plays Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland next on Wednesday and the Australian Open champion was also a commanding winner in his group opener . Wawrinka also dropped just two games in beating giant Czech Tomas Berdych in a little over an hour . The number three seed has been in poor recent form , but he showed a big improvement against the misfiring Berdych , who made 24 errors . He was damning in his verdict of his performance following the defeat . "  Well , unfortunately it was my worst match of the whole season , " Berdych told the ATP World Tour website . "  My game is about hitting the ball nice , clean , then you can create something . But that 's the beginning of what I did n't have today at all . I hit so many frames . " Spectators at the prestigious eight-man event have now seen four matches with four straight sets victories , the pattern started as Japan 's Kei Nishikori beat home favorite Andy Murray 6-4 6-4 in the opener Sunday . Roger Federer , who can still pip Djokovic to the top ranking , followed up with a 6-1 7-6 win over Milos Raonic as he began his quest for a record seventh ATP World Tour Finals crown .	Novak Djokovic wins opening match in ATP World Tour Finals Beats U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic 6-1 6-1 Stanislas Wawrinka thrashes Tomas Berdcyh by same margin First day wins for Roger Federer and Kei Nishikori
CNN  -- Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday . Japan 's Ground Self-Defense Force was initially deployed in 2004 to help in reconstruction and left in 2006 . Japan 's Air Self-Defense Force has been airlifting materials and troops between Kuwait and Iraq since 2006 to support U.S.-led coalition forces . "  The political and security situations have improved , " and the Iraqi government suggested it wants countries to downsize their presence , Defense Minister Yoshimasa Hayashi told reporters , according to the Kyodo news agency . Foreign Minister Masahiko Komura said Japan will discuss an official schedule for ending the mission with the United States , the United Nations and Iraq . Withdrawal would mark the end of Japan 's military presence in Iraq . The country 's Ground Self-Defense Force was initially deployed in 2004 to help in reconstruction and left in 2006 . The Japanese Navy continues to take part in refueling missions in support of the U.S.-led coalition in and around Afghanistan . Except for a three-month hiatus , Japan had been refueling coalition warships taking part in interdiction operations against terrorists in the Indian Ocean since 2001 . As an officially pacifist nation since losing World War II , Japan 's participation in these missions has been controversial .	Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year Japan 's military has airlifted materials , troops between Kuwait and Iraq since 2006 Japanese ground force deployed in Iraq in 2004 to aid reconstruction left in 2006 Japanese Navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in Afghanistan
RealSimple.com  -- Save on Entertaining Tips from an anonymous caterer Besides asking friends for recommendations , the best way to find a caterer is to go to a cooking store , like Williams-Sonoma or Sur La Table , and speak to the employees running the demonstrations . Many of them do catering gigs as well , for less than standard local rates . An independent caterer will often be more wallet-friendly than a large company , which can have high minimum requirements  as much as $ 2,500 per event  and more operating costs , like paying full-time staffers . In contrast , independents are usually amenable to negotiation . So ask for a 10 to 20 percent break , or see if they 'll toss in a few more appetizers or another entrÃ © e for the same dollar amount . RealSimple.com : Your guide to saving money If you 're having a dinner party , opt for a buffet . Sit-down dinners are more labor-intensive and therefore expensive , as they usually involve multiple courses and preplating . Or host a brunch -- it 's up to 40 percent cheaper than dinner , since foods like French toast and crepes are generally low-cost . Or think about throwing a party where you serve just appetizer-type bites and sweets . You 'll save at least 30 percent on the overall bill by skipping the entrÃ © e altogether  and your guests will be just as happy  . Save on Flowers Tips from an anonymous florist Stretch your holiday budget with arrangements that contain greens , like fir , pine , and juniper . They 're wonderfully aromatic and seasonally appropriate , and they can be half the cost of fresh flowers , since the trees grow in most states and are therefore readily available . Plus , they will probably last around three weeks or more , compared with flowers , which wilt after five to seven days . If you want to include flowers , skip red and white ones  roses and lilies , for example  -- you might pay 30 percent more in December because those are popular holiday colors . If you have your heart set on white flowers , gardenias make attractive holiday decorations . A single stem can run about $ 10 , so buy the entire plant , which could have 10 to 12 blooms , from a nursery for around $ 25 . If you 're feeling crafty , head to a nursery that sells Christmas trees . You might score free greenery , because many nurseries cut off the bottoms to reduce the trees ' size . The leftover pieces can be ideal for making wreaths , centerpieces , or door decorations . RealSimple.com : Spend money to save money Save on a Tree Tips from an anonymous Christmas-tree seller Yes , you may be in a hurry to start decorating your Douglas fir , but do n't forget to negotiate a good price first . You might save 30 to 40 percent , especially if it 's the day before Christmas and a lot of stock remains .  Be sure to ask when the last shipment came in , so you get a fresh tree . If it arrived before December 10 , that evergreen might not make it through New Year 's .  Do n't be afraid to ask the seller , "  Can you do better ? " It 's all about how nicely you ask . If you sound stubborn and inflexible , many merchants will say no -- and may even mark up the price another 10 percent  prices can change , since they are n't always posted  . So keep your Christmas spirit alive and you 'll be more likely to bring home a bargain . RealSimple.com : How to save $ 5,000 this year Save on Wine Tips from an anonymous sommelier People tend to stock up on wine and spirits at the closest store , but that place may not have the best deals . Go to wine-searcher . com  an inventory database of several thousand stores nationwide  and enter the vintage or the wine 's name and your ZIP code to find the cheapest retailer in your area . Or fill your "  cellar " with wines from affordable online retailers , like Zachys.com and Winelibrary.com . Both have a huge inventory and e-mail specials to customers on a weekly basis ; you may be able to get discounts of up to 40 percent off or free shipping . Also consider buying bottles from somewhat less prestigious wine-growing regions , such as Oregon ; Santa Barbara , California ; and France 's Loire Valley . These wines are priced up to 50 percent less than their more famous counterparts . A high-quality Bordeaux , for example , costs between $ 20 and $ 50 , whereas a comparable bottle from the Loire Valley might cost as little as $ 10 . RealSimple.com : How to live on less Save on Mailing Gifts Tips from an anonymous shipping-company representative Shipping rates are often determined by three factors : a package 's size , weight , and destination . So if you can fit something into a small box , you could spend less . Use a small to midsize flat-rate U.S. Postal Service priority box  $ 5.20 to $ 11  to send compact , heavy items  up to 70 pounds  . To keep any shipment as light as possible , use inexpensive packing peanuts or popcorn for cushioning instead of paper , since they 're almost weightless . RealSimple.com : Money-saving secrets from the pros Procrastinators , keep this in mind : About a week before Christmas , some carriers may automatically send packages out next-day within some regions of the country , regardless of whether you paid for expedited service . If you 're willing to take the risk , this could pay off big -- saving you $ 30 to $ 40 a package . Also , if you 're sending a box from one destination to another that 's reasonably close -- say , from Long Island , New York , to Scotch Plains , New Jersey -- during the final week before Christmas , you may not have to send it next-day delivery to have it arrive quickly . Send it ground -- it still might arrive on the following day . RealSimple.com : 10 ways to save money with technology Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Cut entertaining costs by hiring an independent caterer or having a buffet Stretch your holiday budget with arrangements that contain greens instead of fresh flowers A week before Christmas , some carriers may automatically send packages out next-day
Washington  CNN  -- The Obamacare enrollment is 8 million strong and growing . Polls have shown that voters love popular provisions calling for mandatory coverage for maternity care and extending coverage for young people up to age 26 to stay on their parents ' health insurance policies . And recent figures from the Congressional Budget Office show that Obamacare will cost about $ 5 billion less to implement in 2014 than originally estimated . Still , some Democrats have run from the President 's signature health care reform law so fast , they 've practically left skid marks . The question is : Will they run back ? "  I do n't think we should apologize for it . I do n't think we should be defensive about it . I think there is a strong , good , right story to tell , " President Barack Obama said in a rare appearance Thursday at the daily White House news briefing . Obama : Republicans ` were wrong ' about Obamacare A Democratic strategist and pollster thinks some Democrats will follow that advice . "  I think it 's easier to talk about issues like equal pay or an increase in the minimum wage , " said Margie Omero , president of Momentum Analysis LLC , a public opinion research firm in Washington , and a Huffington Post contributor . "  Obamacare has always been less popular . ... I think we 're going to see some of these impressions change . But for some members , they look at one poll number and they think maybe I should speak about something else . " 2014 Midterm Elections Obamacare a tough sell for embattled Democrats Singing Obamacare 's praises is especially tough for politically vulnerable Democrats . So tough , in fact , that a Democratic super PAC , the House Majority PAC , ran ads for Reps. Joe Garcia of Florida and Ann Kirkpatrick of Arizona highlighting the lawmakers ' efforts in bucking the administration on some aspects of Obamacare . The ads credit the lawmakers for "  blowing the whistle " on the botched rollout of the HealthCare.gov website . Republican groups and some wealthy donors are pouring millions of dollars into ad campaigns targeting Garcia , Kirkpatrick and other vulnerable Democrats and trying to tie Obamacare to them . Democratic super PAC praises Democrat for blasting Obamacare rollout The ads then go on to credit Garcia and Kirkpatrick for supporting provisions to block insurance companies from denying coverage to patients with preexisting conditions or dropping patients when they become ill . The ads do not , however , make clear that these popular provisions are a key part of Obamacare . The House Majority PAC says their ads address Republican criticisms over Obamacare . "  Vilifying Obamacare may make good sound bites for the Republican base , but candidates will be forced to answer tough questions about what dismantling the ACA really means for voters , " said Matt Thornton , the organization 's communication director . "  Poll after poll shows that people approve of the constituent parts of the legislation -- popular provisions Republicans have vowed to repeal . " Garcia was elected in 2012 and has voted numerous times against a full Obamacare repeal and for measures aimed at changing provisions in the law . Kirkpatrick voted for Obamacare in 2010 , lost a re-election bid that year , and then won back her seat in 2012 . Democrats like Garcia and Kirkpatrick are trying to find artful ways to run on Obamacare , said Omero , the Democratic strategist . Those techniques include pointing out , " ` Here are some things I might change or disagree with but it 's starting to work ' and talk about going forward how it 's going to work , " she said . Treading lightly on Obamacare To be sure , there are reasons why some Democrats feel skittish boasting about Obamacare . From its inception , the partisan bickering over the law was acrimonious and led , in part , to the tea party-backed uprising that saw a number of Democrats unseated and control of that chamber go to Republicans . Despite a victory in 2012 , when the U.S. Supreme Court ruled core provisions of the law constitutional , Democrats still found themselves on the ropes as Republicans hammered them on the law 's failings and voted in the House for repeal "  more than 50 times , " Obama pointed out Thursday . Last November , the Obama administration struggled to recover from the rocky rollout of the health care website and explain why the President broke a promise that people who prefer their insurance could keep it under the law . On the campaign trail , vulnerable Democrats are dogged by questions about Obamacare . Republicans hit a nerve when it comes to Obamacare As he made his way this week through the chill and crowds at a southeastern Virginia political gathering , Sen. Mark Warner was asked several times about the health care reform law . One man wearing an NRA sticker asked : "  Senator , did you read the Affordable Care Act before you voted for it ? " Warner told the man : "  I 've outlined a series of changes to it . Five separate bills . " And in March , when Democrat Alex Sink lost by less than 2 % of the vote to Republican David Jolly in Florida 's special election for the 13th Congressional District , the GOP said Sink was defeated in part by Obamacare . "  His  Jolly 's  victory shows that voters are looking for representatives who will fight to end the disaster of Obamacare , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and co-chair Sharon Day said in an e-mail to reporters after the candidate 's win . It is worth pointing out , though , that the seat has been held by Republicans since the early 1980s . ` This thing is working ' The President is aware that he is partly to blame for the nervousness surrounding running on Obamacare . "  There is no doubt that our failure to roll out the ACA smoothly has put a burden on Democrats , whether they 're running or not , because they stood up and supported this effort through thick and thin , " Obama said at Thursday 's news briefing . He added that he feels "  deeply responsible for making it harder for them rather than easier for them . " But , Democratic strategists and political analysts say , it 's time for that party 's members to stop running from Obamacare and start proudly touting the law 's successes . Failing to do so could cost the party in the long run , said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  The party could make a collective mistake in continuing down this path , " he said . "  Generally , for most Democrats , they need a message from the top saying they should not be responding to Republican attacks by saying ` we agree with you . ' They need to point out the numbers and say we have some successes . " The President agrees , and he said as much on Thursday : "  This thing is working . " "  I find it strange that the Republican position on this law is still stuck in the same place that it has always been . They still ca n't bring themselves to admit that the Affordable Care Act is working , " Obama said Thursday . "  They said nobody would sign up ; they were wrong about that , " he continued . "  They said it would be unaffordable for the country ; they were wrong about that . " CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Despite Obamacare 's successes , some Democrats are avoiding being tied to the law Obama , Democratic leaders and party strategists say they think this is a mistake Politically vulnerable Democrats are in an especially tough position on Obamacare More Democrats might be willing to embrace the law 's wins in time , strategists say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In an underground bunker in the heart of New York City a unique experiment is taking place . Going underground : "  Quiet : We Live in Public " volunteers lived in tiny boxes in an artificial society with their every move filmed 24-hours a day . More than 100 people have moved into an artificial society where their every move will be captured on film . Living like battery hens in tiny cubes stacked one on top of the other , these exhibitionists have signed up to live -- to eat , sleep , shower , party , go to the toilet and even have sex with each other -- under the unwavering gaze of hundreds of cameras recording 24 hours a day . Everything is free but participants must wear uniforms , submit to regular "  interrogations " and , of course , give up any notion of privacy , not to mention freedom . The atmosphere lies somewhere between The Factory , Andy Warhol 's hip 1960s studio famed for its parties , and a sci-fi version of the infamous Stanford Prison Experiment . It may sound like the latest extreme reality TV show but , in fact , this extraordinary experiment took place in late 1999 , at the turn of the millennium . The first Big Brother TV show had been broadcast only a few months previously in The Netherlands and the Internet as we know it was still in its infancy . The project was called "  Quiet : We Live in Public " and the man behind it , described as the "  Warhol of the web , " was extreme visionary and dotcom entrepreneur , Josh Harris . Now , almost 10 years later , the cameras are back on , and this time Harris himself is under the spotlight . "  We Live in Public , " which was awarded the Grand Jury Prize at this year 's Sundance Film Festival , is a documentary by director Ondi Timoner which chronicles the rise and fall of Harris , "  the greatest Internet pioneer you 've never heard of . " She describes Harris ' life as a cautionary tale . Is the Internet just another handy tool or is it fundamentally changing the way we behave ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . Harris was one of the crop of highly publicized wunderkind entrepreneurs splashed across magazine covers , making millions of dollars during the mid-1990s dotcom bubble . He was among the first people to recognize the potential of the Internet and in 1994 , Harris used some of his estimated $ 80 million fortune to found Pseudo.com , the first Internet television network . It was an idea so ahead of its time that it would be another seven years before broadband -- which Internet television requires to work effectively -- was in general use in America . Harris ' foresight did n't stop there . He was convinced he could anticipate the future effects of this new technology on human behavior . He believed that people would be willing to go to any lengths to share their lives -- that Warhol 's 15 minutes of fame in a lifetime would n't be enough ; that people would want their 15 minutes of fame every day . Harris set up the "  Quiet " bunker to prove his point , saying that people would want a piece of the "  fame " the project offered despite the extreme conditions , and asked Timoner to "  document the cultural history " as it happened . On January 1 , 2000 , just thirty days after Harris launched his extraordinary project , it was shut down as a "  millennial cult " by U.S. agency , FEMA . Soon after , Harris attempted to reprise the experiment , but this time it was more extreme and he and his girlfriend were the guinea pigs . He fitted 32 motion-controlled cameras and 60 microphones in his Broadway apartment to record live streaming video of every aspect of their private lives 24/7 , which Web site users could watch and comment on in a forum . Harris wanted to see what would happen if he exposed his entire life to the public , and planned to live like this for three months . He even planned for his girlfriend to conceive in public . "  Our life became tied to the watchers , " remembers Harris . "  They were actually another brain that was controlling us ... they were influencing , maybe not controlling , but they were certainly influencing us and sometimes we did n't know that they were doing it . " Living this way put an unbearable strain on his relationship and the couple broke up before the experiment could be completed . Meanwhile , Harris lost his fortune when the dotcom bubble burst in 2000 . Soon after , he had a nervous breakdown and moved to upstate New York , withdrawing completely from from public life . The five thousand hours of footage Timoner shot during the "  Quiet " bunker experiment were left untouched for nearly a decade . Timoner admits that it is only very recently that the events of 10 years ago started to make sense to her . She says it has taken her this long to understand Harris , "  as a visionary , what he predicts , and also what he embodies as a walking cautionary tale of taking technology too far . " But , according to Timoner -- who won the Grand Jury prize at Sundance once before for "  DiG ! " , another cautionary tale about the rise and fall of front men from American rock bands Brian Jonestown Massacre and The Dandy Warhols -- Harris ' story is a universal one - and heralds a future where privacy is a distant memory from the past . "  That is your story . It 's my story . It 's all of our story right now , and now is the tipping point where the virtual world is starting to take over . " Priyanka Deladia contributed to this story	Ondi Timoner documentary "  We Live In Public " is about Internet visionary Josh Harris Harris said the Web would rule our lives and created an experiment to prove it He turned the experiment on himself with terrible consequences for his life Timoner on Harris : "  a walking cautionary tale of taking technology too far "
CNN  NASCAR driver Kurt Busch will not be charged with domestic violence against his ex-girlfriend , the Delaware Department of Justice announced Thursday , citing a lack of evidence . Busch was accused by Patricia Driscoll of grabbing her by the throat and slamming her head against the wall in his motor home at Dover International Speedway in September . "  After a thorough consideration of all of the available information about the case , it is determined that the admissible evidence and available witnesses would likely be insufficient to meet the burden of establishing beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr. Busch committed a crime during the September 26th incident , " Delaware Department of Justice public information officer Carl Kanefsky said in a statement . "  Likelihood of meeting that high burden of proof is the standard for prosecutors in bringing a case . For this reason , the Department of Justice will not pursue criminal charges in this case . " In a statement Thursday , Busch said he is grateful that the prosecutors decided not to file charges . "  I wish to thank my family , friends , fans , and race team who stood by me throughout this nightmare with their unwavering support , " Busch said . "  Thanks also goes to my legal team for making sure that the truth got out and was fully provided to the prosecutors . As I have said from the beginning , I did not commit domestic abuse . I look forward to being back in racing as soon as possible and moving on with my life . " While Busch will not be charged , he must stay away from Driscoll for one year , a Kent County , Delaware , family court commissioner ruled in February . Driscoll had requested a no-contact order against Busch . Stemming from the family court ruling , NASCAR suspended Busch indefinitely shortly before the Daytona 500 . That decision was upheld after appeal . CNN has reached out to NASCAR for an update on Busch 's status but did not immediately hear back . "  Patricia and I are very disappointed that Kurt will not be prosecuted for the abusive acts he committed in September , " Driscoll 's attorney , Carolyn McNeice , said Thursday . "  The  attorney general 's  decision , however , only makes the order that we received for protection from abuse that much more important . "  As you can see , in some cases , this is the only protection the victim will get . This civil no contact order is a critical tool for protecting victims . " Busch 's attorney , Rusty Hardin , previously has said that he would appeal the family court ruling and would continue to work to clear Busch 's name . At the no-contact hearing , Busch testified that he believes Driscoll is a trained assassin for the U.S. government and that she once showed up wearing a gown covered in blood . Driscoll is a defense contractor and is authorized to carry weapons . McNeice has said that her client denies Busch 's allegations .	Delaware Department of Justice wo n't pursue charges against NASCAR driver Kurt Busch Busch has denied committing domestic abuse against ex-girlfriend Patricia Driscoll But Busch must stay away from Driscoll for one year , according to family court ruling
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials said Thursday evening they have "  specific , credible but unconfirmed " information about a potential threat against the United States coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  We have received credible information very recently about a possible plot directed at the homeland that seems to be focused on New York and Washington , D.C. , " a senior administration official told CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr . The official said the plot was believed to involve three individuals , including a U.S. citizen . U.S. officials believed the threat was a vehicle laden with explosives , but "  the intelligence picture is not completely formed , " the official said . "  Not enough is known about the potential operatives and their plotting . " The threat is believed to entail a vehicle bomb , but "  we can not rule out other means , " a U.S. official said . A senior law enforcement official involved in briefings about the matter told CNN Justice Department Producer Terry Frieden that his best information is that the three individuals had not yet entered the United States . The information came in around noon Wednesday , one official said . A senior federal law enforcement official intimately involved in counterterrorism efforts told CNN Chief National Correspondent John King authorities "  are n't sure if this is or real or just chatter . " The official confirmed the threat was vehicle-related . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters Thursday night that while additional police will be deployed around the city , "  There 's no reason for any of the rest of us to change ... our daily routines . " Gov. Andrew Cuomo urged residents to be cautious , but said "  there is no reason to panic . " In Washington , local officials said the city has a robust plan in place and has been on heightened alert since September 1 . "  I want to urge all of our citizens ... to remain calm and let our law enforcement professionals do their job . At the same time , we ask people to remain vigilant , " Mayor Vincent Gray said . "  If you see something , say something . " Unattended vehicles around key infrastructure will be towed , Washington Metropolitan Police Chief Cathy Lanier said . Federal officials said they were taking the threat seriously , while evidently trying to temper the news by saying such threats are commonplace during key events . "  It 's accurate that there is specific , credible but unconfirmed threat information , " said Matthew Chandler , spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security . "  As we always do before important dates like the anniversary of 9/11 , we will undoubtedly get more reporting in the coming days . Sometimes this reporting is credible and warrants intense focus , other times it lacks credibility and is highly unlikely to be reflective of real plots under way . "  Regardless , we take all threat reporting seriously , and we have taken , and will continue to take , all steps necessary to mitigate any threats that arise . We continue to ask the American people to remain vigilant as we head into the weekend , " Chandler said in a prepared statement . A Department of Homeland Security official , speaking on background , said , "  We will continue to respond appropriately to protect the American people from an evolving threat picture in the coming days and beyond . This may include an increased law enforcement presence at airports and other transit hubs , land and sea ports of entry , federal buildings , and other high-profile and critical infrastructure locations . " The information originated from the tribal border area of Pakistan and Afghanistan , a federal official told CNN producer Mike Ahlers . Another source gave CNN conflicting information about possible details of the threat . Rep. Peter King , R-New York , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said very specific details were made known to lawmakers about the threat . "  Many agencies are looking at this from every possible angle , " he said . But it is not known yet if the threat is real , he said , adding , "  I would tell people now to go about their lives . There 's no need to panic . " A senior administration official with firsthand knowledge told CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend that although there is "  specific , credible but unconfirmed threat information , " there are a lot of questions about this information -- "  weird things . " A federal law enforcement official told CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti that the threat appears to go beyond intelligence gathered from Osama bin Laden 's compound after he was killed by Navy SEALs . That information talked about aspirations to carry out an attack on U.S. interests on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . "  The president was briefed , " a senior administration official said . "  He directed that the intelligence community and the administration take all necessary steps to ensure vigilance . " Earlier Thursday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters that intelligence officials had picked up "  lots of chatter " on jihadi websites and elsewhere about the impending 10th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks "  and we 're taking it all seriously , " but nothing yet that warranted issuing a threat advisory . Nonetheless , the department will be at a heightened level of readiness as the nation commemorates the anniversary , "  staffing up " the Federal Air Marshals Service and other agencies , she said . Napolitano said it is not uncommon to see increased chatter before major events . "  We know it 's an iconic day to al Qaeda , in part because of what was found at the  Osama bin Laden  compound . So we are preparing accordingly , " she said . "  I do n't want to give those  details  out because I do n't want to tell the bad guys exactly what we 're doing , " Napolitano said . "  But I think it 's fair to say that in addition to asking citizens to be vigilant and so forth , that we have ourselves leaned forward and have made sure that we are doing all that we can from the DHS perspective . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Jim Barnett and Pam Benson also contributed to this report .	NEW : Washington officials say stay calm and vigilant New York leaders say there 's no need to panic New York City and Washington are cited as possible targets The plot is believed to involve 3 individuals and explosives , official says
CNN  -- In the scorching desert of Qatar , scientists are showing that saltwater can be used to help grow crops . A one hectare research initiative known as the Sahara Forest Project -- modest in size , but not in ambition -- has produced a harvest of barley , cucumbers and arugula in the last few months using a mix of ingredients not usually associated with successful agriculture : seawater and Qatar 's ample supply of heat . Conceived in Norway , the first-ever Sahara Forest Project facility launched last November to coincide with the United Nations Climate Conference e  COP18  in Doha . It implements a range of cutting-edge environmentally-friendly technologies that takes the things that Qatar has in excess -- heat and seawater -- and converts them into a range of valuable resources . "  These are ideas that could sound too good to be true , " admits the project CEO , Joakim Hauge , adding that in the early days the project met with an equal measure of enthusiasm and skepticism . "  Really , though , there 's a very simple principle behind this . Our starting point was to take what we have enough of -- seawater , heat -- and use it to produce what we need more of -- water , energy and a sustainable production of food . " The project has a global scope . It boasts seawater-cooled greenhouses , concentrated solar power and algae production -- all working symbiotically to solve several of the world 's ecological crises in one go . Read more : Crowdfunding innovation in the Middle East "  Qatar is one of the most challenging climates in the world to work in for this kind of thing , " says Dr. Virginia Corless , the science and development manager . "  The high temperatures and humidity make it very challenging for our technology . But if the technology works there , and it has , it proves it 's feasible for many locations around the world . " In addition to producing food and desalinated water in regions that indigenously lack both , the facility is also looking into greening the desert and creating alternative , eco-friendly fuel sources . Synergy is one of the cornerstones of the project ; it 's what allows it to address so many issues at once , like an elaborate , environmental Rube Goldberg mechanism . The facility features a concentrated solar power plant , which turns heat into steam , then , with turbines and generators , into electricity , which in turn pumps seawater to the site , where it is used to cool the greenhouses . Freshwater waste from the greenhouses is then used to irrigate plants outside . Strategically planted hedges outside the greenhouse help filter the remainder , creating a humidified and cooler environment for plants downwind . Read more : Qatar 's new cultural jewel Lastly , the saltwater is also used to cultivate algae , which can be used for large-scale bio-energy production -- though currently the algae plant is still in the research phase . Algae production on its own , says Corless , can be expensive and dependent on geographical constraints  it usually needs to be developed along expensive , sought-after coastal property  . "  What we 're doing is putting an algae cultivation system into an even broader system that can share costs and increase energy . One of the biggest shared costs we have is the saltwater infrastructure , " she says . Neil Crumpton , the chair and CEO of Planet Hydrogen , an NGO that promotes green energy , says the project is , potentially , a "  game changer " . "  The biggest issues right now are climate change and water resources globally , and these simple technologies can tackle both , " he says . "  I ca n't help thinking that this is vision , not mirage . " Read more : Risks and rewards in West Bank city project Some experts , however , question if the Sahara Forest Project is the best use of resources . The facility , which was funded by fertilizer companies Yara International and Qafco and cost $ 5.3 million to set up . "  With the same funding , you could restore ecosystems and help people more effectively through community-based natural resource management , " says Patrick Gonzalez , a forest ecologist who has conducted research in the Sahel region of North Africa with the University of California , Berkeley . "  Rather than pouring water on desert sands that have n't had much vegetation in centuries , you can restore land that until recently had a healthy tree cover . Natural regeneration of trees in the Sahel is less flashy and more difficult , but you could directly benefit the families that depend on the trees , " he adds . Despite the mixed reviews , Hague says that the site has proven itself with the new crop influx , adding that many skeptics have been won over . "  It helps when people can see it on the ground , and taste the cucumbers and see that this is real , " he says . "  We 've proven that this can be implemented . "	Sahara Forest Project in Qatar implements a range of cutting-edge green technologies that all work together The system includes seawater greenhouses , concentrated solar power and algae production The goal is to produce food and other vegetation , as well as desalinated water The project has elicited enthusiasm but also skepticism over whether it is a good use of resources
CNN  -- This week marks the centenary of the assassination in Sarajevo of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria . This was a key trigger for the devastating First World War , setting off a chain reaction that saw key European powers , including Germany , Russia and Britain , entering conflict soon after . One hundred years on , the world has numerous echoes of the early 20th century with a major shift in global power once again taking place . Whereas Germany , Russia and the United States were key "  rising nations " in 1914 , power is today shifting from the global North to the South with Asian countries , especially China , primary beneficiaries so far . And as 100 years ago , geopolitical tensions are mounting as "  revisionist nations , " including China and Russia , challenge key elements of the U.S.-led international order . This is partly driven by rising economic power resurrecting nationalism and claims for resources , as witnessed by multiple disputes between China and neighboring countries in the South China Sea for instance . China 's rise While much focus in 2014 has so far been on Russia 's annexation of Ukraine , the Syrian conflict , and the rise of Islamic extremist group ISIS in Iraq , it is perhaps Asia where most tension and insecurity lie in terms of potential for a great power war . China 's remarkable rise is unsettling the region , and indeed much of the world beyond . And dangers of miscalculation are growing , in part , because of military build-ups . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe drew parallels earlier this year between the geopolitical landscape in Asia today and Europe on the eve of war in 1914 . Moreover , Philippine President Benigno Aquino recently compared what he claimed was Beijing 's track record of belligerent behavior with German expansionism in the 20th century by openly questioning "  at what point do you say , ` enough is enough ? ' " Within Asia , potential triggers for a great power conflict include an escalation of tension between Japan , which the United States has a security treaty with , and China . Another possible flashpoint is Taiwan , again a U.S. ally , which China claims sovereignty over , even though the island has been governed separately since the Chinese civil war in the 1940s . Blighted decades These risks are real and significant . However , there are key differences today with the world of 1914 which , in the absence of catastrophic miscalculation , makes a major power war unlikely for the foreseeable future . This is not least because memories of the First and indeed Second World Wars , linger powerfully . With justification , the First World War was described as the "  greatest seminal catastrophe " of the 20th century by U.S. diplomat George Kennan , who would later become the architect for the U.S. Cold War "  containment strategy . " Aside from the many millions who died from 1914 to 1918 , the war set in chain several developments which blighted the world for decades to come . These include the emergence of Communism in Russia and -- as numerous historians assert -- the rise of Nazi Germany and the seeds of the Second World War . Another major difference between now and 1914 is the presence of nuclear weapons which , as during the Cold War , generally serve as a brake on major power conflict . It is noteworthy here that it is both revisionist nations , including China and Russia , as well as "  status-quo powers , " such as the United States and France , that possess nuclear arsenals . A further fundamental change is that , unlike 1914 , there is now a dense web of post-war international institutions -- especially the United Nations -- which continue to have significant resilience and legitimacy decades after their creation . While these bodies are imperfect , and in need of reform , the fact remains that they have generally enabled international security , especially with five key powers  United States , Russia , United Kingdom , China , and France  all on the U.N. Security Council . Moreover , the relative balance between the two leading powers today is different in 2014 than 1914 . That is , the gap between United States and China is greater today than that between the United Kingdom and Germany 100 years ago . ` American century ' Indeed , perhaps the biggest consequence of the First World War was the dawn of what has been called the "  American Century " in which the United States emerged as the world 's most powerful nation . To be sure , the country has undergone relative decline , and China is forecast to become the largest economy in the world this year based on purchasing power parity data . However , the United States remains significantly ahead of China on most measures of national strength , including military might , and is likely to enjoy an overall advantage for years . Indeed , unlike the United Kingdom in the 20th century , there are indications that U.S. power will remain resilient for decades to come in the 21st century , buoyed in part by factors such as the country 's "  energy revolution , " which has far-reaching geopolitical consequences , including from potential energy self-sufficiency . Taken overall , while another major war can not be ruled out , the prospect of this for the foreseeable future is not as high as 100 years ago . The relative global balance of power is different today , partly because of the resilience of U.S. power . Moreover , nuclear weapons and international institutions , especially the U.N. , generally act as a restraining force against major conflict that did not exist in 1914 .	This week marks the centenary of the assassination in Sarajevo of Archduke Franz Ferdinand The assassination was a key trigger for the First World War , setting off a chain reaction Today power is shifting from the global North to the South , writes Andrew Hammond He says key differences with the world of 1914 make a major power war unlikely
CNN  -- CNN.com reader Kristy O'Connor took a prenatal yoga class with Heath Ledger and Michelle Williams and says she was "  in awe of his devotion and attention to Michelle . " Reader Dena Michnowih says she came across Ledger in Brooklyn , New York , teaching his young daughter Matilda her right from her left , and was enchanted . Heath Ledger is pictured with crew of the 2005 film "  Lords of Dogtown " and members of the Zephyr skating team . CNN.com asked readers to share their memories of Ledger , who was found dead in a New York apartment Tuesday , January 22 . Famous for his roles in the films , "  The Patriot " and "  Lords of Dogtown , " Ledger was widely acclaimed for his portrayal of the homosexual cowboy Ennis del Mar in 2005 's "  Brokeback Mountain . " CNN.com readers describe meeting Ledger in person , and call him humble and kind . Below are a selection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Donal Logue , actor , of Los Angeles , California I met Heath eight years ago while working on "  The Patriot . " He became a star while we were sequestered away in a small town in South Carolina based on the strength of the dailies going back to Los Angeles . Heath was a fantastically kind and sweet young man . He surrounded himself with his friends from Australia and never forgot any of us he ever worked with . I last saw him in Australia when he called my name on a Melbourne street and introduced me to Michelle , his  then  pregnant -LSB- girlfriend -RSB- . I have great memories of going for runs with him or watching a bootleg copy of a Parker and Stone 's musical called "  Cannibal ! The Musical of the Donner Party Tragedy . " Heath must have been in a place of great pain and sadness to be split from his wife and child . He was sensitive and unfairly victimized in his native country by the unfortunate Australian custom called the "  tall poppy syndrome " in which an Australian , the second he or she achieves global success , is immediately and arbitrarily accused of losing all of their humanity . Not true . He was a sweet person , and less importantly , an unbelievably talented actor . Maybe the best of his generation . Dan Bova of Larchmont , New York Once when I was driving in Brooklyn , I got a flat tire . As I was jacking up my car , this deep voice from behind me said , "  Need a hand ? " It was Heath Ledger . I could n't believe it . He helped jack up my car and change the tire . He was really good with tools ! R. of Perth , Western Australia I grew up with Heath around the speedway racing circuit . I remember the night he was a little boy and his Dad was racing speed cars at Claremont Speedway  my dad was in the race , too  . His dad was coming 3rd then in the final corner , the two lead cars spun out and Heath 's dad Kim took the lead and won the State Title race . Heath was standing a couple of rows in front of me with his mum and sister and they were all so excited , jumping up and down and cheering . He was about as happy as a little boy could be watching his dad become a champion . I remember that night because in the years that followed , I saw his parents marriage break up and it was like there was this moment in his childhood of pure joy that I witnessed . Later Heath would pit crew for Graham Jones , and I crewed for my dad and brother . Heath and I were both the youngest on our crews so that meant our job was to take the fiberglass bonnets over to the hoses and wash the mud off after each race really dirty work but he managed to stay cleaner than the rest of us . Crystal Davis of Toronto , Ontario I met Heath in L.A. at a mall a year or so ago . I was staring at him working up the nerve to ask for an autograph . He saw me , started laughing and walked towards me . He said I was white as an "  egg " and asked if he could do anything . I said , No thanks ... yes I forgot to ask for the autograph . He touched my shoulder and told me to take it easy and walked away . He looked back several times and smiled . What a great memory I have of him . My prayers go out to his family and friends . Dena Michnowich of Glen Cove , New York I was walking in the lower east side of Manhattan one day and I noticed a really cute man holding his little daughter on his shoulders . She looked just like him . He told her that they had to make a right and asked her to point them in the right direction , which she did . I soon realized that it was Heath Ledger and I got really excited . I was walking right up to them as they were waiting to cross the street . When I got close , I waved and he smiled at me . He was so handsome I got the chills . I could also sense that he had a very sweet spirit . It was a very special moment for me . I 'm so sad to hear that he died . Leanne Scorzoni of Staten Island , New York I worked as a nanny for a number of years in Manhattan , and I ended up having a toddler class with my charge and Heath , Michelle and baby Matilda . The couple was so polite and laid back at first I did n't recognize who they were . They were genuinely interested in their child , her development , and treating the rest of us  including staff  with respect . He will be sorely missed . Michael Williams of Perth , Western Australia I met Heath Ledger many years ago while I was working at a local fast food outlet here in Perth Western Australia . He came through to order and I was amazed at how polite , kind and friendly he was . He stopped to sign autographs while he waited knowing that to the people asking him he was somewhat of a hero . He did all this with the great Australian attitude that he had and a smile on his face , he was one superstar that took stardom well and in his stride , I for one feel thankful that I have met this great person . I send my deepest sympathy to his family and say to them that you do not mourn his passing alone ; the people of Perth share your grief . Tracy Kimball of Rock Hill , South Carolina I met Heath Ledger in 1999 while he was filming "  The Patriot " in South Carolina . I was a reporter for a daily newspaper there and he was at a press conference about the movie at Historic Brattonsville , a Revolutionary-era plantation . He was so very kind and was more than happy to sign my newspaper . The media was flocking around Mel Gibson , but seeing a new young and dashingly gorgeous guy standing off to himself , I approached him and asked for his autograph . He flashed that smile , grabbed my pen and used my back to sign the newspaper I was holding . We had a conversation , but I do n't remember it because I was so enamored . I had never heard of him before because the only American movie he had filmed was "  Ten Things I Hate About You , " which I had not yet seen . I went back to the paper where I worked and wrote a story about the new hot Aussie star that would surely become hugely successful in America . His death really saddens me . He was such a talented actor and a new dad . Having a child the same age as his daughter , it makes me even sadder to think of her missing her father . Amanda Olmstead of Penticton , British Columbia I met Heath when he was filming "  Brokeback Mountain " in my hometown of Fort Macleod . He was a down to earth man with amazing talent . His portrayal of Ennis del Mar was life-changing for many of my friends . I am truly saddened by his death . Kristy O'Connor of Sydney , Australia My heart goes out to Heath 's family and little Matilda , I met Heath one time at a prenatal yoga class in Sydney with Michelle and was in awe of his devotion and attention to her . He was a true gentleman and I 'm sure an amazing father . To make assumptions as to how or why he died is to bring more pain to an already devastated family . Adrian K. of Perth , Western Australia I met Heath one night on the town in Perth . The one-degree of separation rule in Perth made him a friend of a friend . We had a brief and quiet chat . What struck me was his calm in the face of his monstrous burgeoning celebrity . With both of his feet planted firmly on the ground , he seemed to be facing the publicity with stoic resolve . Goodnight , Heath . You were a good bloke . "  A sad fan " in Chicago , Illinois I was an extra in the movie "  Dark Knight , " which filmed in Chicago this past summer . I spend an entire weekend on set with Heath . He was rather quiet most of the time between takes , but seemed to be a nice , likeable guy . It was great to watch him work , as he was very committed to his craft . His death is a great loss . Kelly Fishburne of West Palm Beach , Florida I met Heath Ledger while working in Atlanta . We both were taking a CNN tour . He was silly , smiling all the time and we spoke about horses and riding lessons . He was also talking about the movie the Patriot he filmed with Mel Gibson . He had to do lots of riding . He was down to earth and so very talkative . Just a normal guy , hanging out . A real gentleman . Jessi Lee of Central , South Carolina I really enjoyed Heath 's acting . His best movie was my favorite movie of 2005 , "  Lords Of Dogtown . " Heath played the somewhat obnoxious Skip Engblom , but thinking of all the other actors who could have taken the roll , I do n't think anyone could have done it better . Even two of the original Zephyr shop boys themselves . Tony Alva & Stacy Peralta , said when Heath came in & did the voice he would use in the film , it was like hearing Skip from the past . E-mail to a friend	I-Reporters share tales of meeting Heath Ledger in person "  He was really good with tools , " says Don Bova ; Ledger helped him change a tire I-Report : Share your photos , memories of actor Heath Ledger
CNN  -- Rapid economic growth , rich stores of natural resources and a fast-growing population have all helped usher in a new era of optimism around Africa 's future . But is there a missing link that 's preventing the continent 's economies from boosting their business potential and achieving their development goals ? "  Yes , " claims the African Management Initiative , pointing out the continent 's "  acute shortage " of high-quality , well-trained local managers . The Johannesburg-based group wants to tackle the continent 's talent gap by creating one million skilled African managers over the next 10 years . "  The demand is there , " says Rebecca Harrison , director of the non-profit organization . "  We meet business owner after business owner across the continent who tell us that , if they are growing , then getting good managers is the biggest challenge right now . " Read this : Hotels , the latest African gold rush Harrison describes poor management in Africa as one of the biggest "  bottlenecks for growth " across a range of organizations -- from large companies and multinationals to governments and NGOs . But more importantly , she says , it 's holding back the "  engine of job creation " in most countries : small and medium-size businesses . "  We read headlines every day about ` Africa Rising , ' we are seeing African economies take off and we are just finding on the ground that these small and medium-size companies are unable to grow , create more jobs and expand their businesses because of that lack of middle-management capacity . " Aiming high For sure , creating one million well-trained , locally grown managers by 2023 to spearhead Africa 's business development is an overly ambitious proposition in a continent where top business schools are few and far between -- there are about 90 institutions offering an MBA in Africa , according to an AMI report , whereas India has more than 1,500 . The AMI , which says it has a network of more than 5,000 African managers and entrepreneurs , estimates that there are about 10 million people in managerial and supervisory positions across the continent . "  If we can reach one in 10 of the 10 million managers out there indirectly , if we can have one in 10 African managers operating really effectively , then the continent will be a different place , " says Harrison . Educating future managers To achieve its target , the AMI , which gets most of its funding from the Lundin Foundation , in Canada , has started launching a series of initiatives designed to expand access to key education tools , including a virtual campus tailored specifically for African managers and entrepreneurs . "  What we want to do is leapfrog the traditional bricks-and-mortar approach to business schools and business training , " says Harrison . "  We want to leverage technology to deliver high-quality practical relevant management education at a price that people can afford , combining online content with offline peer support . " Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper cities On June 17 , the AMI began its pilot of a two-week course where participants access free web-based practical tutorials in the form of video , audio or text to sharpen their management skills . The "  Launchpad : Success@Work in 21st Century Africa " module , which will have low bandwidth requirements and be available on mobile , will cover topics such as effective communication , goal setting and time management . Harrison says it is part of the AMI 's efforts to eventually develop Africa 's first full-blown Massively Open Online Course  MOOC  , in conjunction with three of Africa 's leading business schools -- Nigeria 's Lagos Business School , Kenya 's Strathmore Business School and South Africa 's Gordon Institute of Business Science "  The idea is to partner with the business schools in the continent and get the business teachers to deliver their content online and then to support that with offline learning , " says Harrison . "  So the model is the learning is free but if you want a certificate you pay a small fee . " The AMI says about 600 people have signed up for the pilot MOOC .	A South Africa-based group wants to create one million managers by 2023 The African Management Initiative says lack of managers is holding the continent back It hopes to launch Africa 's first Massive Open Online Course
CNN Student News  -- November 3 , 2014 History , art and technology intersect at one of the most famous sites in the Vatican . Go there today on CNN Student News . Also featured : An accident over California 's Mojave Desert wraps up a tragic and trying week for private space travel . And as Election Day approaches in the U.S. , we 'll look at how a nation that rejected royalty when it was founded seems to favor political royalties of its own . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- U.S. women 's soccer star Hope Solo entered a not-guilty plea in court Monday after police say she assaulted two relatives at a home near Seattle . Solo , national team goalkeeper and a two-time Olympic gold-medal winner , was released on the conditions she avoid contact with her half-sister and a 17-year-old nephew , and that she not drink alcohol . A pretrial hearing was set for the morning of August 11 . Solo , dressed in a white shirt and black pants , said little , telling the judge "  I do " when asked if she understood the domestic violence assault charges filed against her . She faces two counts of fourth-degree domestic violence assault . Police have said Solo , 32 , assaulted her relatives early Saturday . Officers responded to a 911 call in which a male reported that a woman would not stop "  hitting people " or leave the house , the statement said . At the home , officers heard a disturbance . Inside , Solo appeared "  intoxicated and upset , " police said . Police said Solo 's nephew and sister had visible injuries . After interviewing witnesses , police determined that Solo was the "  primary aggressor and had instigated the assault , " the statement said . Police documents According to a police affidavit , when police arrived , they saw that Solo 's nephew 's nose and left jawbone area were red , and that his shirt was ripped from the underarm down to the bottom . The left cheekbone of Solo 's half-sister was swollen and turning purple , the document says . The nephew said that Solo insulted his weight and called him crazy , and an exchange of vulgarities led to Solo charging her nephew and getting in a fight with him , the affidavit states . When the half-sister walked in , Solo attacked her , according to the document . The nephew took a wooden broom that he "  broke over  Solo 's  head " in an attempt to stop the assault , the affidavit states . According to the document , when Solo did n't stop hitting her half-sister , the nephew grabbed a broken BB gun in an attempt to get Solo to leave the house . She left , but then jumped the fence and re-entered the house , where she attacked her half-sister again , according to the affidavit . The document says that Solo denied she assaulted anyone . She told police that she called her nephew "  fat and unathletic , " and he responded by hitting her with a broom . Solo refused to let police examine her for injuries , the document states . The nephew told police that both women had been drinking wine before the altercation . Court apperance Her attorney said she did n't commit a crime . "  Our investigation reveals that Hope was assaulted and injured during this unfortunate incident , " Todd Maybrown wrote in an e-mail . "  We look forward to the opportunity to present the true facts in court and to having this matter behind Hope very soon . " In court , Maybrown said Solo -- who is married to former NFLer Jerramy Stevens and who was referred to in court as Hope Stevens -- was hit over the head with a broom handle during the incident . Solo 's club team in the National Women 's Soccer League , the Seattle Reign , acknowledged the incident over the weekend . "  We are aware of the situation with Hope and are now gathering information , " the team tweeted . The Reign have a home match on Saturday . Just nine days ago she had a shutout for the women 's national team against France . It was her 71st match without giving up a goal , tying her with Brianna Scurry for the most clean sheets ever for the United States . No stranger to controversy Solo also played on World Cup teams in 2007 and 2011 , and appeared on ABC 's "  Dancing with the Stars . " A world-class goalkeeper , she is no stranger to controversy . In 2012 , Solo sent out a harsh tweet criticizing Olympic soccer commentator Brandi Chastain for her negative commentary during the 2012 London games . During the 2007 FIFA Women 's World Cup , Solo openly criticized U.S. women 's soccer coach Greg Ryan after she was benched and the U.S. lost its next match by four goals . In an interview with CNN two years ago , Solo spoke about her public image . "  I have a bad rap , " she said . "  People look at me as selfish , outspoken . But I know who I am . " A warning and an elimination The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in 2012 publicly warned Solo after she tested positive for a banned diuretic -- a substance she claimed she did n't know was in premenstrual medication prescribed by her physician . The agency accepted Solo 's explanation and she competed in the 2012 Olympics . "  I do n't expect any of the media to be positive , " Solo told CNN in 2012 . "  But I know that I 'm doing wonderful things for the sport of soccer , and I know I 'm doing amazing things for female athletes . So I can take it . " Solo was eliminated from "  Dancing with the Stars " in 2011 following a run on the show marred by frequent disputes with pro partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and the judging panel . Later that year , she appeared nude on one of four covers of ESPN 's "  The Body Issue . " A native of Richland , Washington , Solo in 2005 became starting goalkeeper for the U.S. national team , tallying seven shutouts in nine matches . In 2009 , she was named U.S. Soccer 's female athlete of the year . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Hope Solo enters not-guilty plea in Washington court Monday , released without bail Star goalkeeper was arrested on domestic violence charges , accused of assaulting relatives The two-time gold-medal winner says through attorney she did nothing wrong
CNN  -- "  The political reality is ... that the Jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people up here . " -- Senator Chuck Hagel , 2006 As a result of those words and his voting record , former Nebraska Sen. Chuck Hagel 's nomination has turned a decades-long , bipartisan confirmation process for secretary of defense into an acrimonious one . While some leading figures such as the Anti-Defamation League 's Abe Foxman and the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's Rabbi Abraham Cooper say Hagel 's words are borderline anti-Semitism , I 'm less worried about anti-Semitism and more worried about the judgment of a potential defense secretary who thinks Israel has won support because of "  intimidation , " not merit . Israel is widely supported by the American people because Israel deserves to be supported . Israel is a lonely democratic ally and a steady friend of the United States in a dangerous and tumultuous region . Their people are like the American people -- free , independent , capitalistic and tolerant . A Gallup poll taken last year showed 71 % of the American people view Israel favorably while only 19 % view the Palestinian Authority favorably and just 10 % view Iran favorably . In a Pew Research Center study last month , 50 % of adults said they sympathize more with Israel in its dispute than with the Palestinians . Just 10 % sympathize more with the Palestinians , while about as many  13 %  volunteered that they sympathize with neither side . Contrary to Hagel 's logic , Israel does n't enjoy widespread American support because anyone -- from any faith -- intimidated someone else ; Israel earned the support of the American people because of its people 's values . Opinion : Hagel is a friend to Israel The danger in what Hagel said is if he thinks Israel is supported on Capitol Hill because of intimidation , then it 's not hard to see why Hagel is so soft in his support for our ally . He sees himself as an independent voice willing to stand up to intimidation , and he wears his anti-Israel votes as badges of honor . But Hagel is n't independent . He 's alone . His position on Middle Eastern matters is so outside the mainstream of both parties that almost no one agrees with him . In 2000 , Hagel was one of only four senators who refused to sign a Senate letter in support of Israel . Peter Beinart : What 's behind Hagel nomination fight The following year Hagel was one of only 11 senators who refused to sign a letter urging President George W. Bush to continue his policy of not meeting with Yasser Arafat until the Palestinian leader took steps to end the violence against Israel . John Cornyn : Why I ca n't support Hagel Contrary to America 's longstanding bipartisan position , Hagel has called for direct talks with terrorist organizations Hamas and Hezbollah . In 2007 , Hagel voted against labeling the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , the group responsible for the death of many American servicemen in Iraq , a terrorist organization . And in 2008 , he was one of two senators on the banking committee to oppose a bill putting sanctions on Iran . One of the measure 's biggest backers was an Illinois senator named Barack Obama . I 'm a New Yorker and neither of my senators -- Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand -- supports Israel because someone muscled them into that position through intimidation . They both support Israel because the lobby that wants them to support Israel is an American lobby , made up of people from both parties and all religions and from people with no religion or political party at all . But if Chuck Hagel believes that it 's intimidation and not sound judgment that has caused his colleagues to support Israel , then Chuck Hagel should not be confirmed as our next secretary of defense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	In 2006 , Hagel said ` the Jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people up here ' Ari Fleischer : The support for Israel is n't because of ` intimidation , ' but merit Polls show most Americans view Israel favorably , but do n't support Iran or Palestinians Fleischer : Israel is a steady friend of the U.S. and a tolerant democracy
CNN  -- Matthew Cordle has n't yet been found liable of killing a man while drinking and driving , but there 's not much question about whether he 's guilty . It 's not because of the the homicide charges that were filed against him on Monday . But it 's because Cordle went on YouTube last week and told the world he 'd done just that . Cordle 's confession , a highly produced , three-and-a-half minute video that has been viewed by more than 1.2 million people , is the sort of pronouncement that would have been impossible before the world had social media platforms at its fingertips . And it 's raising questions that go far beyond the 22-year-old Ohio man 's guilt or innocence . Chief among them : Was Cordle , who says he plans to plead guilty and accept whatever punishment is handed down , just trying to get a lighter sentence by using the Web to get out in front of a criminal case in which he had n't even yet been charged ? On Flip the Media , a blog by students , faculty and alumni of the University of Washington 's master 's program in digital media , graduate Brook Ellingwood argues that parts of the video seem orchestrated to do just that . "  That he sees the video as a tactical move in a legal chess game is evident , " Ellingwood writes , noting the way Cordle cites depression as a reason for his drinking . And if it buys Cordle some sympathy from the court ? Well , it 's not farfetched to imagine others trying a similar tactic , he writes . "  We may well be in for a flurry of copycat videos as miscreants of all sorts try to duplicate what works in this one , " wrote Ellingwood . "  One can imagine the appearance of less and less competent videos , resulting eventually in a criminal confession so ineptly scripted and produced that it becomes an ironically viral phenomenon in the manner of Rebecca Black 's ` Friday ' . " Cordle 's attorney , George S. Breitmayer II , dismisses such speculation . "  Despite any speculation of his intentions , the video was meant to raise awareness related to the serious issues surrounding drinking and driving , " he said in a statement sent to CNN . But what does it mean for criminal justice -- a system that is designed to move deliberately -- that a new generation of young people can potentially influence the system by sharing something instantly with the entire world ? Alex Sheen is the founder of "  Because I Said I Would , " the website where Cordle 's video began spreading . He 's also the person who produced it , enhancing the raw footage with a swelling orchestral soundtrack and visual effects that make it look like a public service announcement . He told CNN that Cordle was familiar with his site , on which people make public pledges to help them follow through with good deeds , and reached out to him with his story . Sheen said he did n't consider contacting police because he knew Cordle was already a suspect and that prosecutors were preparing charges . A grand jury in Franklin County , Ohio , indicted Cordle on Monday on charges of aggravated vehicular homicide and operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol . He is charged in the death of Vince Canzani , 61 , who was killed June 22 when a wrong-way driver hit his Jeep on Interstate 670 near Columbus , Ohio . "  The whole goal of this video is to convince people to not drink and drive -- to come to that realization that a lot of people make the same excuses that Matt makes in his life about drinking and driving , " Sheen said . "  To make that message compelling , we made this video . " Sheen calls Cordle 's confession and plea for others to avoid drunken driving , "  honorable . " But he 's pushed back against those on his site who have heaped praise upon the young man . "  While Matt certainly made an honorable decision to confess , Because I Said I Would does not believe that Matt should be praised as a ` hero , ' " Sheen wrote on the site . "  Matt made an irresponsible choice to drink and drive that ended an innocent man 's life . "  Matt decided to release this video because he wants to raise awareness about the dangerous and irreversible consequences of drinking and driving . If that message is not heard ... if viewers do not make the commitment to never drink and drive , then the video has certainly failed in its mission . " He 's got at least one perhaps unlikely believer . "  He ruined two lives , " said Cheryl Oates , the victim 's ex-wife . "  He took Vince 's life , and he ruined his life . " "  It 's gut-wrenching , coming from a mother , looking at that young boy , " she said , saying she admired him for confessing so publicly . "  You 've got to respect him for that . I 'm sorry . You do . " It 's impossible to know the full measure of Cordle 's motives . Was it self-interest ? Sincere remorse ? Perhaps some of both ? Ellingwood , now interactive director for a Seattle TV station , can envision it as part of a new , look-at-me world in which Internet celebrity is celebrated , regardless of the reason for it . "  Today , the only thing standing between any one of us and instant celebrity is our ability to create a message with resonance , " he wrote . "  Cordle may view the death he caused as a personal opportunity , the mother of all Facebook timeline life events . He may lose a few years to prison , but he won the Internet and when he gets out , he 'll have a chance to parlay this 15 minute shot of fame into a repeat . Only time will tell if his redemption story gets him onto ` Dancing With the Stars . ' "	Video confession raises questions about social sharing Matthew Cordle confessed to drunken driving death in YouTube video The viral post , with more than 1 million views , marks new wrinkle in criminal cases Some speculate video was an effort to sway judge in the case
MIDDLETOWN , Connecticut  CNN  -- The suspect in the shooting of a Wesleyan University student is in police custody , police in Meriden , Connecticut , said Thursday . Police have arrested Stephen Morgan in the shooting death of Johanna Justin-Jinich . A spokesman in Meriden said Stephen Morgan had been in custody there , but was transferred to police in Middletown , seven miles away . No other details were available . An arrest warrant was issued earlier for Morgan , charging him with murder in the death of Johanna Justin-Jinich at a Middletown bookstore on Wednesday . Justin-Jinich was shot Wednesday afternoon at the Red & Black Cafe in Broad Street Books , the campus bookstore , the university said . She worked at the cafe , the cafe said on its Web site . It said that her killing has left employees "  devastated . " Earlier Thursday , a law enforcement source told CNN that police spoke briefly to the suspect after her shooting death . Morgan was one of several people who gathered Wednesday afternoon outside Broad Street Books after the Wesleyan junior was shot , the source said . He gave his name to investigators who spoke with him , the source said . At that early stage of the investigation , the source said , police had no reason to suspect Morgan . Earlier Thursday , Morgan 's sister had urged him to turn himself in to "  avoid any further bloodshed . " Diana Morgan told reporters in Marblehead , Massachusetts , that her family was "  shocked and sickened by the tragedy in Middletown . " She said her family did not know her brother 's whereabouts , but issued a brief statement to him through the media : "  Steve , turn yourself in right now to any law enforcement agency , wherever you are , to avoid any further bloodshed . We love you , we will support you in every way and we do n't want anyone else to get hurt . " She did not take questions . Before his arrest , police had been worried that Morgan may be targeting Wesleyan University and the town 's Jewish residents . A statement from the university alleges that Morgan had written threats against "  Wesleyan and/or its Jewish students " in his personal journals . Congregation Adath Israel , Middletown 's lone synagogue , canceled all activities for the next day , said its president , Eliot Meadow . He said police told him that they do not think Morgan is part of a larger anti-Semitic organization . About 200 families attend the synagogue , Meadow said , and he added that Wesleyan , a private university with about 3,000 students , has a substantial Jewish population . While Justin-Jinich was a student at Wesleyan and was Jewish , according to the Middletown mayor , there was another connection between her and her alleged killer , authorities said . Watch how suspect and victim knew each other " In July 2007 , the young woman filed a harassment complaint against Morgan while the two were taking the same six-week summer course at New York University , school spokesman John Beckman told CNN . The complaint , in which Justin-Jinich said she was receiving harassing e-mails and phone calls from Morgan , was filed with the university 's public safety department toward the end of the course , Beckman said . The public safety department brought in the New York Police Department and after conversations with Morgan and Justin-Jinich , the young woman declined to follow up or press charges , Beckman said . Beckman said the two were not living in the same student residence house during the course . Additional details were not immediately available . Another law enforcement source also told CNN that in an excerpt from one of the e-mails sent to Justin-Jinich , Morgan wrote , "  You 're going to have a lot more problems down the road if you ca n't take any  expletive  criticism , Johanna . " Watch the crime described as ` every parent 's nightmare ' " Middletown Mayor Sebastian Giuliano said the connection between Morgan and Justin-Jinich may "  go back to Colorado . " No further details were available . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Stephen Morgan , 29 , arrested in university student 's shooting death Suspect 's sister earlier urged him to turn himself in ` to avoid further bloodshed ' Suspect walked into bookstore near Wesleyan University campus , opened fire
