CNN  -- Language experts weighed in Thursday after poring over the nearly 2,700 words of President Obama 's Oval Office speech on the Gulf oil disaster . "  It was straightforward and easy to understand , " said Ron Yaros , assistant professor at the Philip Merrill College of Journalism at the University of Maryland , referring to the explanations of the crisis and its possible solutions . He divided the speech into 1,200 "  idea units , " each of which represents a point the president was trying to make . He then looked at how many of those idea units contained jargon -- unexplained terms that the average person might not recognize -- and found none in the 65 idea units that explained the problem . Of the 417 idea units that discussed what Obama planned to do , "  I found only one idea unit that probably would be potentially confusing to a nonexpert . That was the term ` relief well . ' He never explained that . " BP is digging a relief well that is expected to intersect with the blown-out well in August . At that point , BP plans to pump heavy drilling fluid into the runaway well , ending the flow . "  If you look at the entire speech , and you look at the amount of jargon , it came out to 1.5 percent , " he said . iReporter : Obama 's speech too fuzzy on details But Obama 's speech may have gone over the heads of many in his audience , according to an analysis of the 18-minute talk released Wednesday by Paul J.J. Payack , president of Global Language Monitor . Tuesday night 's speech from the Oval Office of the White House was written to a 9.8 grade level , said Payack , who gave Obama a "  solid B. " His Austin , Texas-based company analyzes and catalogues trends in word usage and word choice and their impact on culture . He singled out this sentence from Obama as unfortunate : "  That is why just after the rig sank , I assembled a team of our nation 's best scientists and engineers to tackle this challenge -- a team led by Dr. Steven Chu , a Nobel Prize-winning physicist and our nation 's secretary of energy . " "  A little less professorial , less academic and more ordinary , " Payack recommended . "  That 's the type of phraseology that makes you -LSB- appear -RSB- aloof and out of touch . " Yaros disagreed , supporting the quality of the president 's explanation for spelling out the efforts under way , even if they have not succeeded in ending the flow . "  He 's just trying to be transparent , " Yaros said . "  We ca n't cure cancer , but I 'm comforted to know that the best researchers in the nation are devoted to finding a cure . " Payack found these three sentences insensitive : "  Already , this oil spill is the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced . And unlike an earthquake or a hurricane , it is not a single event that does its damage in a matter of minutes or days . The millions of gallons of oil that have spilled into the Gulf of Mexico are more like an epidemic , one that we will be fighting for months and even years . " "  You should n't be saying that in Katrina-land , " said Payack , referring to the 2005 hurricane that devastated the Gulf Coast . "  New Orleans lost a third of its population -LSB- to evacuees who did not return -RSB- ; it 's still recovering . " But he praised Obama 's phrase "  oil began spewing " as active and graphic . Obama 's nearly 10th-grade-level rating was the highest of any of his major speeches and well above the grade 7.4 of his 2008 "  Yes , we can " victory speech , which many consider his best effort , Payack said . "  The scores indicate that this was not Obama at his best , especially when attempting to make an emotional connection to the American people , " he added . Though the president used slightly less than four sentences per paragraph , his 19.8 words per sentence "  added some difficulty for his target audience , " Payack said . Mark Liberman , a linguist at the University of Pennsylvania , was unimpressed with Payack 's criticism of the sentence length . "  I think we can all agree that those are shockingly long professor-style sentences for a president to be using , especially in addressing the nation after a disaster , " Liberman wrote on his blog . "  Why , they were almost as long as the ones that President George W. Bush , that notorious pointy-headed intellectual , used in his 9/15/2005 speech to the nation about Hurricane Katrina , where I count 3,283 words in 140 sentences , for an average of 23.45 words per sentence ! And we all remember how upset the press corps got about the professorial character of that speech ! " Yaros challenged the value of Payack 's analysis . "  There 's a tremendous amount of difference between analyzing the written word and interpreting the spoken word , " said Yaros , a former science reporter who studies how to make complex topics understandable . Payack acknowledged Thursday in a telephone interview that his analysis is indeed based on a written version of the speech , but said that does not necessarily render it invalid . "  With the internet , probably as many people read the transcript as heard it , " he said . "  To think it 's not read and analyzed by tens of thousands of bloggers is looking at the old model . " Yaros countered that he does n't just count words and sentences , but instead measures the audience 's comprehension of news content . Liberman said the "  grade level " calculation had been debunked as "  a mindless bit of math " that does not take into account the skill with which words were chosen or delivered . Yaros , too , declined to rank the speech by grade level . "  In my opinion , placing a ` grade level ' on 2,698 written words that are spoken  with a variety of delivery aspects such as pauses , emphases  does NOT accurately represent the importance of clear explanations about the KEY information presented in the speech , " he said in an e-mail . "  In other words , I could confuse you with my introduction and conclusion , but if -- in the middle of my talk -- I specifically addressed and answered your concerns , then I have adequately communicated what you CARED about . "	Nearly 2,700 words with little jargon People understand spoken and written word differently Payack gives Obama "  Solid B "
CNN  -- A broader legal challenge to Obamacare 's so-called "  employer mandate " was turned aside by the Supreme Court on Monday . The justices , without comment , again refused to intervene in Liberty University 's long-running appeal of the Affordable Care Act . It marked the second time in two years the court has declined to review the constitutionality of requirements for most large employers to offer a range of health insurance coverage for their workers . Two narrowly focused petitions over the health law will be heard by the court in coming months . They involve whether some companies can refuse on religious grounds to provide insurance for certain birth control and other reproductive health services , without a co-pay . Arguments will likely be held in March and a ruling is expected by late June . In 2012 , the Supreme Court narrowly upheld the health law 's funding mechanism , the so-called "  individual mandate " that requires nearly all Americans to purchase health insurance or pay a financial penalty . The justices tossed out all other pending appeals at that time , but left room for continued legal challenges to certain aspects of Obamacare 's application . Lynchburg , Virginia-based Liberty , which bills itself the largest Christian evangelical college in the world , refiled its lawsuit , saying its objections should be reconsidered in light of the court 's 5-4 ruling affirming the overall law . It sought an exemption , believing Americans should not be required to purchase health insurance -- and employers forced to provide it -- if there are legitimate moral and religious objections to some provisions . A three-judge panel of the 4th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals unanimously concluded in 2011 that the suit should be blocked on jurisdictional grounds . While the Supreme Court for now will allow the employer mandate to go ahead , there are other pending lawsuits working their way through the lower federal courts , which could force an eventual constitutional showdown . The administration said last month it would delay online implementation of the employer mandate -- affecting companies with 50 or more workers -- for another year , to give those busineses more time to prepare for the new regulations and requirements . The case rejected Monday is Liberty University v. Lew  13-306  .	The appeal turned aside on Monday involved the law 's employer mandate It was the second time the justices refused to hear matter Liberty University has had a long-running appeal of Affordable Care Act Court will hear related appeals of companies and contraceptive coverage
CNN  -- Google is a company focused on problem solving . It has untold amounts of computing power at its disposal working away to try and solve big problems . But one issue requires a more analog approach : upping the number of female computer engineers . During his keynote address at the Google I/O developers conference this month , co-founder Larry Page said that Google had been focused on recruiting more women "  forever " to ensure that the company did n't end up all male . "  The only answer is , we have to start early and make sure we get more women and girls excited in technology , " said Page . "  There 's no question we will double the rate of progress . " The company has a number of year-round initiatives aimed at hiring and educating more women programmers , including scholarships and events . The annual developers ' conference offers a rare public , visual example of the industry 's gender gap and the company 's progress . In the past , women attendees and speakers have been underrepresented in the conference halls and on its stages . Since the conference started in 2008 , Google has been working to shift the numbers . According to Google Vice President Megan Smith , the percentage of women at this year 's Google I/O was in the teens , up from a single-digit slice at last year 's conference . Google has worked to shine a spotlight on the accomplshed women working in technology now , as well as the women who have done important work in the field throughout history . The Women Techmakers Fireside Chat featured some of Google 's high-ranking women , and the event was quickly filled to capacity with a mix of men and women . "  Its been a priority from the beginning ... the visibly of technical women is something we really want to work on , " said Smith , who works at Google -LSB- x -RSB- , Google 's semi-secretive experimental wing that works on futuristic projects and prototypes . First Google made a concerted effort to find talented women in the field from around the world to invite to the conference . "  We felt like there were incredible technical women who should be at I/O , who for whatever reason were n't there , " said Smith . "  We did a lot of work to just make sure that we were increasing the presence of women leaders ... on the stage and in demos . " They also organized a social event for all the women attendees and offered on-site day care for all parents attending the conference . Kids were also welcome on the floor , and one dad wrote in to say it had been a great father-daughter event . Another continuing part of Google 's approach is community building for women already in the field so that they feel less isolated . The company held a Women Techmakers social for female I/O attendees before the conference . Women were invited to meet their peers , enjoy some wine and food from the Google kitchen , and then break off into teams up to create unique projects using littleBits and arts and crafts supplies . Developer Rony Rozen was at the event and came all the way from Israel to attend the conference after Google invited her . Rozen is the founder of poccaDot , an iOS and Android app development company in Tel Aviv . She started the company after serving as a programmer with the Israeli Air Force , and she is a mentor for mobile development at Google 's Israel campus . "  I think Google can  and should  expand their efforts to be more visible to the general public and not just to the people who are already in the industry , " said Rozen . "  Incorporate more women into their commercials , make sure to advertise women tech-makers events throughout the year and eventually also expand the relevant age groups to focus on younger girls . " Smith is influenced by the success of the Harvey Mudd school in southern California , headed up by president Maria Klawe . Its computer science department is now 44 % women , thanks to efforts by the school to figure out why more women were n't joining in the first place . What it found was partially a PR problem . Some women did n't think the field sounded interesting due to a lack of understanding of what the work entailed . They also did n't think they 'd be good at it . "  Young women are very interested in having an impact on the world , " said Smith . "  We have n't connected the dots for them " that coding can have a direct impact on issues that are important to them . It 's not just a matter of reaching out to young people . Women are getting into computer science later in life as returning professionals . And going back to college is n't the only way to learn programming , according to Smith . Anyone can take classes on sites like Khan Academy , Codecademy and Coursera . Female programmers are also spreading the word on their own . Rozen is doing her part by teaching her young nieces how to program . "  We as a society need to make sure that more young boys and girls are exposed to this kind of education as early in possible in life , and I think that Google plays a major role in our achieving that goal . "	Google is encouraging more women to enter male-dominated tech fields The company invited more women to its annual developers conference this year Day care and scholarships are also being used to attract women engineers
Baghdad  CNN  -- Hundreds of demonstrators were in the streets Thursday in locales around Iraq , inspired by uprisings elsewhere in the region as they railed against the government 's inability to provide basic services and complained of food , water and power shortages , officials said . The biggest demonstration took place in al Hamza , a relatively poor town in a heavily Shiite region about 200 kilometers  125 miles  south of Baghdad . Two Iraqi interior ministry officials -- who , per policy , did not speak by name due to security concerns -- estimated that that nearly 1,000 people participated . The protesters walked toward a local council building , trying to force their way in as they hurled rocks inside the compound and at police outside , the Iraqi Interior Ministry officials said . Some were heard shouting , "  We 've had enough " and "  Where are your promises . " Iraqi police opened fire , ostensibly to disperse the crowd , and wounded three protesters in the process , the officials said . Four others were hurt while skirmishing with police outside the council building . Eventually , tribal and civic leaders intervened to end the demonstration , the officials said . Some of the protesters carried items such as water tubes and oil lanterns to demonstrate a lack of basic services like water and reliable power . Abu Sajad , a protester , said that sewage had flooded the small town 's streets after heavy rain in recent days , and he complained that "  the government has n't done anything to solve it " even though it happens every year . "  We 've suffered a lot from bad services in the town , " Fadhil Hussein , a 50-year-old protester , told CNN . "  One government comes and another leaves , and nothing has changed in this town for decades . " Dozens of protesters in Kut , part of another predominantly Shiite province about 110 kilometers south of Baghdad , Thursday demanded the resignation of Wasit 's provincial governor , Latif Hamed , according to a Wasit police official and an Iraqi Interior Ministry official . These were the latest in a string of demonstrations around Iraq , mostly emphasizing the same themes -- low-quality public services and a dearth of basic commodities . That was the case Monday , when dozens of protesters took to the street in northern Baghdad 's al-Husseinya district . A day earlier , nearly 200 Iraqis demonstrated in two locations in Baghdad to show solidarity with those in Egyptian rallying against their President Hosni Mubarak and to criticize their own leaders . They included about 100 people who gathered in Firdos Square in the city center , near where U.S. troops in 2004 pulled down a giant statue of former dictator Saddam Hussein . They referenced what was happening in Egypt , as well as their hope that their own government would take steps to improve Iraqis ' security , increase basic services and pursue policies to create more jobs . Figures compiled by Iraq 's Defense , Interior and Health ministries indicate that 259 people -- 159 civilians , 55 police and 45 soldiers -- were killed in January 2011 . The figures also show that 363 people were wounded in January -- 178 civilians , 95 police and 90 soldiers . Meanwhile , Iraq 's national unemployment rate is around 45 % . "  We have suffered more than any other country in the past eight years , and it is time for Iraq 's government to take serious steps to end our suffering , " said one demonstrator , Qassim Harith . "  We are here to support our brothers in Egypt , but also to give a message to Iraqi politicians and to the Iraqi government that Iraqis are losing patience . " Elsewhere in Baghdad on Sunday , another 100 people rallied just outside the heavily fortified Green Zone that houses Iraqi government offices and the U.S. and British embassies . They , too , called for government to improve basic services and not to evacuate them from government buildings and institutions . Some carried a coffin draped in a black sheet that read "  The share of the Iraqi . " "  We sacrifice our blood and souls for Iraq , " the protesters shouted . Iraqi security forces , from the army and police , sported machine guns as they surrounded the demonstrators . Some of the protesters said they were emboldened by the overthrow of Tunisia 's long-time president , which began after Muhammad Al Bouazizi , a 26-year-old college graduate , set himself afire after a police officer seized the goods from his fruit stand . That popular uprising has been followed by anti-government demonstrations in Algeria , Yemen and Jordan as well as Egypt . "  Of course we have been inspired and what has happened because of a street vendor , who sparked the uprising in Tunis and now in Egypt , " Hani Sabri , one Baghdad protester , told CNN .	Hundreds protest in al Hamza , an Iraqi town , over a lack of basic services and shortages 7 are wounded in confrontations with police outside a council building , officials say Dozens also demonstrate in the central Iraqi city of Kut , according to officials These anti-government protests follow similar ones Sunday and Monday in Baghdad
The Obama administration has taken another step in its effort to combat rape on college campuses with the release of a new report . The White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault produced the 20-page report . The task force , including Attorney General Eric Holder and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , spent the last three months talking to "  thousands of people " and compiled a number of very specific recommendations : More data : The task force wants to know more about the scope and scale of the problem . The report cites a statistic from the National Institute of Justice that one in five women experience rape or attempted rape in college but say the group needs to know more . This year , the task force is pushing schools to use its tool kit in 2015 to survey their campuses . By 2016 , the task force will be reporting . The report said "  we will explore legislative or administrative options to require the schools to conduct a survey . " Survivors need more : In 2011 , the administration first alerted schools about their responsibilities to survivors of sexual violence . The administration said that under Title IX schools had to address sexual violence in order to provide equal access to education . But schools have struggled with that . In the past three years many have been publicly cited for failing to live up to these standards . Most recently , the Department of Education announced that Tufts University "  failed to comply with Title IX " in the way it handles sexual assaults . The school wrote it was "  surprised and disappointed " with the finding , adding it was "  deeply committed to the safety and well-being of our students . " So now the administration is getting more specific . The importance of having confidential advocates is now emphasized . This point clarifies what had been confusing for many , namely that not everyone on college campuses has a duty to report . "  In recent years , some schools have directed nearly all their employees ... to report all the details of an incident to school officials , " the report said , "  which can mean a survivor quickly loses control over what happens next . " That 's a critical issue for many advocates who emphasize the importance of returning control to survivors . The administration calls for further training for those who deal with sexual violence on college campuses . "  Insensitive or judgmental comments -- or questions that focus on a victim 's behavior  e.g. , what she was wearing , her prior sexual history  rather than on the alleged perpetrator 's -- can compound a victim 's distress , " the report notes . On the enforcement side , the report calls for new models for investigating and adjudicating cases on campus and for a pilot program aimed at rehabilitating offenders . Tuesday , the White House unveiled a new public service announcement encouraging men to help women who are in danger of being sexually assaulted . The PSA features several Hollywood stars , including Steve Carell and Seth Meyers and will air in movie theaters beginning in May . Transparency : One of the biggest problems with sexual violence on college campuses is that no college wants to admit it has a problem . Parents do n't want to send their children to a school where data shows more sexual crimes occur , that could ding rankings and potentially cause problems with donors . Paradoxically , advocates say , those schools that have high numbers may actually be taking the problem seriously . That 's because they have robust systems in place that allow for students to file complaints . Now the government wants to centralize all that data on NotAlone.gov . Accountability : It wo n't just be numbers on NotAlone.gov . The administration will also put forms online making it easier for students to complain if their school fails to live up to the other obligations . Many of the Department of Justice and Department of Education investigations over the years have resulted from student complaints . So what does this all mean ? According to Know Your IX , an organization that seeks to educate college students about Title IX rights , it 's a good step , but more is needed . "  These changes will mean little until Title IX enforcement is finally given teeth , " the organization said . Know Your IX said the administration is reluctant to use the best leverage it currently has , namely pulling a school 's federal funding . "  The agency has never once sanctioned a school for sexual violence-related violations of Title IX , " the organization said . Students accuse Columbia of mishandling sexual assault complaints Student activists fight to end rape on campus Teens trained to spot drama before it turns dangerous	White House task force releases new report related to combating rape on college campuses Task force wants to gather more data to learn scope , scale of problem Helping campus rape victims framed as an equal education access issue by administration Title IX advocacy group : It 's a good first step , but more action is needed
Cory Monteith , who played heart throb Finn Hudson in the Fox hit "  Glee , " was found dead in a Vancouver hotel room on Saturday , police said . He was 31 . Police said the cause of death was not immediately apparent , but they ruled out foul play . Medical examiners will conduct an autopsy on Monday . Monteith 's body was discovered by staff members at the Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel after he missed his checkout time , acting Chief Constable Doug LePard told reporters . Monteith apparently had several people over to his room at one point Friday night , but LePard said Monteith , who had checked in July 6 , was seen on hotel surveillance video returning to his room in the early morning hours by himself . Lea Michele silent on ` devastating ' news of Monteith 's death The glue of ` Glee ' Adam Shankman , who directed an episode for each of the past three seasons , told CNN 's Poppy Harlow that he had talked to Monteith on Saturday morning . The actor said he wanted to come down to California to Jet Ski . Shankman said Monteith was the glue of "  Glee . " He was always welcoming , whether it was to a guest director or a new cast member , Shankman said . The actor knew all of his lines when filming began each time and would congratulate his fellow cast members when he thought they did well . "  He showed up every day and he was a delight , " Shankman said . In his own words ` My heart is broken ' One of his castmates on "  Glee , " Mark Salling , tweeted a simple "  no " after police held their news conference . Celebrities react to Monteith 's death Dot-Marie Jones , who plays the football coach at the fictional William McKinley High tweeted : "  I have no words ! My heart is broken . Cory was not only a hell of a friend , he was one amazing man that I will hold close to my heart forever . "  I am blessed to have worked with him and love him so much ! My heart is with his family and our whole Glee family ! I love you all ! " Share your memories of Monteith Offscreen , Monteith was dating co-star Lea Michele . He was madly in love with her , Shankman said . "  He felt like it had renewed his spirit . " Reps for the actress asked Sunday "  that everyone kindly respect Lea 's privacy during this devastating time . " Struggles with substance abuse Monteith spent time in rehab this year , checking into a drug addiction treatment facility in late March . He had been frank about his struggles with substance abuse , telling Parade magazine in 2011 that he began using drugs at 13 , and by 19 went into rehab after his mother and friends intervened . "  I had several interactions with him yesterday where he said that he was doing amazing , " Shankman said . "  He even said I am feeling fantastic . I 'm like everybody else , really devastated and confused by what happened . " Remembering Monteith as Finn on ` Glee ' Awards for show Monteith had been on the musical comedy show since it began in 2009 . On the show , Monteith played the dim quarterback of the football team at the Ohio high school who is forced to join the glee club . After graduation , he comes back to town and helps direct a musical at the school . In 2011 , he won a Teen Choice Award for top actor in a comedy . The show 's cast won a Screen Actors Guild Award for an ensemble in a comedy the previous year . He was in three projects that are in post-production , according to the Internet Movie Database . One of them was a movie entitled "  All The Wrong Reasons , " also starring Kevin Zegers . "  I 've never lost a friend this close . This feels like a mistake , " Zegers wrote . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Director says he talked with Monteith day of his death ; he sounded happy The Glee actor missed his checkout time , staff found him dead Police rule out foul play Monteith , 31 , spent time in rehab this year
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Puzzled zookeepers in northern Japan have discovered the reason why their attempts to mate two polar bears kept failing : Both are female . A 4-year-old polar bear sent to impregnate a female polar bear at a zoo in Kushiro was found to be female as well . The municipal zoo in the city of Kushiro in Hokkaido brought in a polar bear cub three years ago . They named it Tsuyoshi , after the popular baseball outfielder Tsuyoshi Shinjo , and waited until it reached reproductive age . In June , the zoo introduced Tsuyoshi to its resident bear , an 11-year-old female named Kurumi , and waited for sparks to fly . But much to the disappointment of zookeepers , Tsuyoshi never made any amorous advances toward Kurumi . Earlier this month , zookeepers put Tsuyoshi under anesthesia to get to the bottom of the matter . That 's when they made their discovery : Tsuyoshi is a female . Still , the Kushiro zoo plans to keep Tsuyoshi because he -- or rather , she -- has become immensely popular with visitors . "  I have rather mixed feelings , given the need for breeding , but Tsuyoshi is an idol for Kushiro , " Yoshio Yamaguchi , head of the Kushiro zoo , told Japan 's Kyodo news agency . Tsuyoshi will even keep her name . "  We will not be changing it to ` Tsuyoko ' since it is loved by citizens  by the current name  , " Yamaguchi said . "  Ko " is a common suffix for a Japanese female name . Meanwhile , Tsuyoshi 's "  brother , " who was adopted by another zoo , has also turned out to be female , Kyodo reported . -- CNN 's Chie Kobayashi contributed to this report	Zoo introduced polar bear cub to its resident bear and waited for sparks to fly And it waited and waited : Tsuyoshi never made amorous advances toward Kurumi Months later , the zoo makes key discovery : both bears are female
Hong Kong   CNN  -- In the age of fat payouts and lucrative perks for company executives , the CEO of Lenovo is getting attention for how he used his bonus . Yang Yuanqing distributed $ 3 million from his bonus among 10,000 junior-level employees , the China-based technology company confirmed Thursday . The employees , such as receptionists , production-line workers and assistants , each received an average bonus of 2,000 yuan , which is $ 314 , in the name of their CEO . Yang had received the additional $ 3 million boost in his bonus after the company had its best fiscal year ending in March . The $ 30 billion personal technology company saw a 73 % bump in net profit from the previous year , which Yang had described as a "  record-setting year for Lenovo , " according to a press release . Yang had earned $ 5.2 million in bonuses for the fiscal year ending in March . His total earnings , including salary , incentives and other benefits , amounted to $ 14 million , according to the company 's annual report . From CNN 's CY Xu and Madison Park .	Lenovo CEO gave $ 3 million of his bonus to employees About 10,000 junior level workers received about $ 314 each Lenovo had a "  record-setting year " in fiscal year 2011/2012
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Al-Shabaab militants killed at least 12 people Tuesday in a car bombing and assault on a police station shared by African Union peacekeepers in a key Somali commercial hub , authorities said . At least four of the Islamist attackers also were killed as Somali police and AU troops responded to the assault on the police station in Beledweyne , about 200 miles north of the Somali capital of Mogadishu , said Abdi Farah Laqanyo , governor of the Hiran region . The attack is the latest on Somali and AU forces by Al-Shabaab , a group that is fighting the government in hopes of turning Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . A car packed with explosives was driven into the station 's gate and burst "  into a huge ball of flames " about 11 a.m. , Laqanyo said . Attackers then entered the police compound and exchanged fire with police and AU forces , authorities said . The station is a base for Djiboutian troops serving as peacekeepers for the African Union Mission in Somalia , known as AMISOM , which supports Somali forces in cracking down on Al-Shabaab . The attack killed at least 10 defenders -- six Somali policemen and four Djiboutian soldiers with AMISOM -- said Col. Abdilkadir Osman , a police officer in the town . Two civilians also were killed , authorities said . A spokesman for Al-Shabaab 's military operations , Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab , said the group carried out the attack . Abu Musab claimed the attack killed 18 AMISOM troops and 23 Somali forces , though CNN could not independently verify that count . A witness who was 200 meters from the site said the attackers used assault rifles , machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades after the car bombing . The witness , speaking on condition of anonymity , said a plume of black smoke rose from the police station . Tuesday 's fighting comes less than a month after a suicide attack claimed by Al-Shabaab killed 16 people at a cafe in Beledweyne . Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud said Tuesday he was sending condolences to the victims of what he said was a "  stupid attack . " "  I say this was a stupid attack because our enemies need to understand that these attacks do nothing to advance their cause , however misguided , " Mohamud said . "  We are making great progress while our enemies are on the back foot and reduced to sporadic and self-defeating attacks with no regard to life . " Beledweyne is the capital of the Hiran region . Situated near the Ethiopian border , it is a commercial hub linking southern and northern Somalia . Though Al-Shabaab is fighting the Somali government , it has launched attacks in other countries as well , and it has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for September 's four-day siege at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , where at dozens of people were killed . The U.S. government designated Al-Shabaab as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Islamist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility Car bomb explodes at gate of police station in Beledweyne , Somalia Al-Shabaab fighters then enter compound , exchange fire with police and AU troops Six Somali policemen and four Djiboutian peacekeepers among the dead , police say
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- Two hours of tanks , bands and goose-stepping under a blazing sun . Mass military parades are a North Korean specialty , but this year had added meaning : the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean War that Pyongyang calls "  Victory Day . " Thunderous applause and shouts of "  Mansei , " meaning "  Live long and good health , " signaled the arrival of the country 's leader Kim Jong Un , accompanied by Chinese Vice President Li Yuanchao . Men and women alike raised their hands to applaud Kim . When he waved to the assembled crowd , thousands waved back . Peace is precious to North Korea . This is how one army officer summed up the speech given by Vice Marshal Choe Ryong Hae . Read more : Cosmetic change , but no real reform The officer claimed there was no mention of the United States or South Korea , both considered enemies of the state , meaning the rhetoric is vastly different to a few months ago when nuclear was threatened . Tensions have eased significantly recently , with the North Korean military saying it wants to resume joint recovery work with the United States to search for the remains of around 8,000 Americans still missing in action in the country sixty years later . The parade looked to the past and present of the military . A dozen trucks filled with Korean War veterans drove slowly through Kim Il Sung Square past Kim Jong Un and the leadership with the elderly fighters dressed in uniform smiling and waving energetically . Many would have been in their 80s or 90s . Soldiers then filed past in perfect unison armed with the weapons used in the 1950-1953 war . A highly choreographed event with barely a step out of place . The military practices two or three times a week for up to four months for this one day , according to the officer . Even though there was no verbal anti-American rhetoric , the visual messages were clear . On the front of every tank a special message has been painted in Korean . It said "  let us annihilate U.S. aggressors , blood enemy of the Korean people . " And one of the floats showed an American flag crumpled beneath a model of a Korean tank . Read more : U.S. vets honor fallen comrades in S. Korea Messages from helicopters flying overhead read : "  We will defend Kim Jong Un to the death . " Helicopters also staged a dramatic fly by , flying between buildings in pairs to pass just a few hundred feet from the leader . Fighter jets flying overhead drew a gasp from the enraptured crowd . Bronze statues of the country 's founder , Kim Il Sung , and his son , Kim Jong Il , were paraded through the capital 's main square as were giant photos of the former leaders . And the part of the parade that will be scrutinized around the world for any sign of new technology was the display of missiles in Pyongyang 's arsenal . An army officer pointed to one that looked like a mid-range missile and said it could reach the U.S. island of Hawaii . The military parade was the center piece of celebrations surrounding the 60th anniversary . Saturday is a national holiday in North Korea and tens of thousands of residents who joined in the public procession waved plastic flowers above their heads as they ran past the leader 's balcony smiling and cheering . It is an emotionally charged time for North Koreans attending the official festivities . The parade follows the opening of a Korean War cemetery Thursday and the Arirang mass games Friday night . In photos : North Korea celebrates , 60 years on	North Korea calls the armistice celebration ` Victory Day ' Parade features references to "  U.S. aggressors " and a crumpled U.S. flag Military hardware on display will be scrutinized worldwide for signs of advancement
CNN  -- Our genes play a major role in making us who we are , but a lot of information about their function has been mysterious . That 's why an international team of researchers set out to figure out what the working parts of the human genome are , and what they mean for the human body as we know it . The project is called the Encyclopedia of DNA Elements  ENCODE  . When the Human Genome Project sequenced the human genome in 2003 , it established the order of the 3 billion letters in the genome , which can be thought of as "  the book of life . " ENCODE is about interpreting that -- understanding which genetic variants affect biochemical function , and which ones are associated with disease . "  This is the science for this century , " said Ewan Birney of the European Bioinformatics Institute and lead analysis coordinator for ENCODE in a news conference Wednesday . "  This century , we are going to be working out how we make humans starting from this simple instruction manual . " ENCODE has begun to reveal the circuitry , networks and choreography within the human genome , said Dr. Eric Green , director of the National Human Genome Research Institute , at the briefing . More than 30 scientific papers from the project are being published on it , in journals including Nature , Genome Research and Genome Biology . Scientists have determined that there are 4 million sites in the genome where specific biochemical events occur , most of which have been discovered with ENCODE . That means if you got your genome sequenced , there could be as many as 4 million differences between you and the person sitting next to you , Michael Snyder , a Stanford University professor who is the principal investigator for ENCODE , told CNN . These sites are "  switches , " which determine which proteins and cells are going to be made , Richard Myers of HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology , an ENCODE collaborator , said at the briefing . Most genetic changes that are likely to cause disease , or are associated with disease , do n't lie inside the genes themselves , but rather in these control elements , Snyder said . Before , scientists believed that a lot of the human genome was junk -- that as little as 5 % of it actually had a purpose in encoding proteins , Myers said . So it was a surprise , according to ENCODE , to find a full 80 % of the human genome sequence is associated with some biochemical function . ENCODE allows researchers to identify which mutations are most likely to cause disease and drug responses . In a study on associations with diseases , scientists found links to heart disease and type II diabetes . The regulatory switches can cause problems with genes that can lead to disease . "  Before , they were just mysterious events ; now we can say , ` Well , they 're associated with a particular problem , ' " Snyder said . Snyder , who has had his own genome sequenced , believes personal genome sequencing will become an important part of health care . In his own case , genome sequencing revealed Snyder 's risk for type II diabetes before his body started showing symptoms . Since he knew about the risk ahead of time , he was able to start managing his glucose levels early . With the new ENCODE information , Snyder could start seeing which variants he has that might affect gene function but do n't lie inside the gene ; they reside in the control switches . "  I think this will become standard of care for many people , " he said of genomic sequencing . Still , there are issues with how much information about a sequence should be revealed to a person -- after all , just because a person has a genetic link to a disease , it does n't necessarily mean that he or she will develop that condition , and the information could cause undue concern . Before ENCODE , scientists ' knowledge was mostly about the exome , the protein coding sequences that account for about 1.5 % of the genome , Snyder said . The remaining 98.5 % was mysterious until the ENCODE project . A genome sequence as part of a research project costs under $ 4,000 , but the proper interpretation costs a lot more , Snyder said . Some companies such as 23andMe offer DNA testing at a relatively low cost , but only sequence part of the genome . Even with what is known now , genome sequencing can benefit people with cancer . This technique played into the treatment of the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs . He underwent a sequencing of the genes of his cancer tumor and his normal DNA , so that his medical team could choose drugs that would be more precisely targeted at his disease , according to the biography "  Steve Jobs " by Walter Isaacson . "  In my mind , it 's a no-brainer to get your genome sequenced if you have cancer , " Snyder said . The human genome has about 20,000 genes , and 1,000 of those genes are regulators -- the "  government " of the genome , says Mark Gerstein of Yale University . Regulators bind to places in the genome , and then they turn genes near that binding site on and off . Gerstein and colleagues looked at the structure of these regulators , and determined that they have a somewhat corporate hierarchy structure . When you consider how information flows , it appears there are executives , managers and foremen . ENCODE received about $ 123 million over five years from the National Human Genome Research Institute , in addition to $ 40 for the pilot project and $ 125 million for relevant technology development and research since 2003 . And there 's still much more work to do , scientists say . "  It 's a project that 's not done , but it 's a big step forward , " Snyder said . More from CNN Health : Baby 's DNA constructed before birth Would you want to get a full genome sequence to know your genetic risks ? Why or why not ? Tell us in the comments .	The ENCODE project finds more than 80 % of genome has biochemical function There are 4 million sites in the genome where events occur , representing "  switches " "  This century , we are going to be working out how we make humans , " a scientist says
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government has lowered the threshold for information deemed important enough to put suspicious individuals on a watch list or no-fly list , or have their visa revoked , senior State Department officials tell CNN . The government overhauled criteria it uses for putting possible terrorists on such lists as a result of the failed Christmas Day attack , officials said . They spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the material Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the 23-year-old Nigerian who allegedly launched the failed attack , was not put on a no-fly list . That 's because the information his father provided a U.S. embassy about his son becoming radicalized and possibly going to Yemen did not meet then-applicable standards to put him on such a list or to cancel his visa . "  Based on the criteria , he fell below the line and went into our database , but not a watch list or no-fly list , and his visa was n't revoked based on the analysis of the threat , " one senior official said . "  We have a new standard now , which will allow us to capture more people . " Under the new standard , officials said , AbdulMutallab would have been put on a no-fly list and his visa likely would have been revoked . Another official said that if all relevant agencies had the entire intelligence picture , including National Security Agency  NSA  intercepts about a "  Nigerian " possibly planning an attack against the U.S. , AbdulMutallab "  would have absolutely been no-fly listed and his visa would have been revoked . " Since the attempted attack , the intelligence community has scrubbed the entire Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment  TIDE  database of more than 500,000 suspects with the new criteria , adding additional individuals to the U.S. watch lists and no-fly lists as a result . Several visas have also been revoked . "  Rest assured that in light of what happened on December 25 , we 've gone back over these databases and there have been additional actions taken , " Assistant Secretary Philip J. Crowley told reporters . He declined to provide statistics , saying the numbers were constantly changing . When discussing the new threshold , officials suggested it is more an art than science . "  The threshold might be how much information do you have ? What kid of confidence do you have in the information that is available , " the first senior official said . "  It will involve an assessment of risk , the perception of risk and our tolerance of risk . " But the officials suggested the new standard is much lower than before December 25 . For example , decisions could be taken to put someone on a no-fly list or a watch list based on one credible source , instead of the previous standard of using multiple sources . "  We had a new threat , and we are going to , for a period of time , tilt back to a more conservative approach , " the official said . Officials recognize the costs for grounding more people and providing extra screening for passengers from specific countries , pointing to blowback from several countries who are protesting their inclusion on the list . Cuba called in the head of the U.S. Interest Section , and Nigeria called in the U.S. ambassador to formally protest the move .	Government overhauls criteria it uses because of failed Christmas Day attack Suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was not put on a no-fly list Sources say intelligence community has reviewed entire terrorist database since attack They say names have been added to watch , no-fly lists and visas revoked
CNN  -- Manchester United clinched a record 19th English league title on Saturday , while local rivals City ended a 35-year wait to win a football trophy . United came from behind to draw 1-1 at Blackburn , as Wayne Rooney equalized with a controversial penalty , to move past arch-rivals Liverpool in the all-time standings . And just two hours later , City capped a big day for the northern metropolis by beating Stoke City 1-0 in the FA Cup final at London 's Wembley Stadium . Alex Ferguson 's United team went into the penultimate match of the Premier League campaign needing just a point to end second-placed Chelsea 's title reign . Blackburn , battling to avoid relegation , took the lead in the 20th minute through Australia international Brett Emerton and should have gone further ahead in the 65th minute when Martin Olsson headed against the post . Five minutes later United striker Javier Hernandez went down as he tried to round Paul Robinson , with the goalkeeper making enough contact to send the Mexican tumbling . Referee Phil Dowd went to consult his linesman , sparking ugly scenes as the United players surrounded the officials demanding a penalty . Once order was restored , Dowd pointed to the spot -- to the anger of the Blackburn contingent -- and Rooney smashed his shot into the net for his 11th league goal this season . The draw put United seven points clear of Chelsea , who host Newcastle on Sunday . It was particularly satisfying for the England striker , who began his career at Liverpool 's city rivals Everton . "  I was terrified , the ref took a long time to give it . I had to compose myself , I 'd been practicing all week , " Rooney told reporters . "  After the year I 've had , with the ups and downs , this is for the fans and the team . For me personally , being an Everton fan , to win a 19th title is special . " Ferguson has now won 12 championships since taking charge in 1986 , when Liverpool reigned supreme with 16 , and will seek to win his third European crown against Barcelona at Wembley on May 28 . "  It was n't an easy game . We went 1-0 down having given them a bad goal , but we kept on and we do n't give in , " the 69-year-old Scot said . "  It looked like it was not going to be our day , we 've always had it difficult here . It is a local derby and they are fighting for their lives , looking for that point , but we kept going and that 's a good quality . " Manchester City capped a memorable week by winning England 's prestigious knockout competition for the first time since 1969 and fourth in the club 's 131-year history . City 's last silverware came in the 1976 League Cup final , but the massive investment of owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed since the Abu Dhabi billionaire 's 2008 takeover is now paying off . Manager Roberto Mancini guided City into Europe 's premier club competition , the Champions League , for the first time with a 1-0 victory over Tottenham on Tuesday . Due to that achievement , Stoke will also be playing in Europe next season in the second-tier Europa League . "  I can say only that I 'm very happy for all the supporters , " Mancini said . "  After many years they deserve to win this trophy . I did n't feel we dominated this game . "  We need to improve but we are very happy . We made a small piece of history for Manchester City . We start now . " City 's last appearance in the FA Cup final ended in a replay defeat by Tottenham , widely considered one of the best matches in the tournament 's 140-year history , but a goal from semifinal hero Yaya Toure was enough to deny Stoke a fairytale finish in the club 's first such outing . The Ivory Coast midfielder , who ended United 's treble hopes with the only goal of the semi , lashed home a shot in the 74th minute as Stoke scrambled to clear a slew of City attempts . "  The dream is now . It 's fantastic to win . It 's fantastic for the history of the club , " Toure said . "  We wanted to win something and get through to the Champions League . It 's amazing . " One of the key figures in the build-up to the goal was Italy striker Mario Balotelli , who had earlier produced a superb save from Stoke goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen . In Saturday 's other Premier League matches , Blackpool remained in the relegation zone despite a thrilling 4-3 victory at home to ninth-placed Bolton . Bolton led in the sixth minute through striker Kevin Davies but the home side took a 3-2 halftime lead through a double by D.J. Campbell either side of Jason Puncheon 's 19th-minute goal . In-form loan striker Daniel Sturridge leveled the score eight minutes after the break , but captain Charlie Adam earned a vital win 10 minutes later to leave Blackpool behind Birmingham on goal difference , with both clubs on 39 points . Wolverhampton joined Blackburn on 40 points with a 3-1 win at 13th-placed Sunderland , who guaranteed another season in the top flight last weekend . Second-half goals from striker Steven Fletcher and George Elokobi clinched a memorable win for Wolves manager Mick McCarthy at his old club -- where he failed to win a home Premier League game in 19 attempts . West Brom moved up to 10th place with a 1-0 win at home to Everton , who will seek to retain seventh in the final round . Youssouf Mulumbu scored the only goal in the 10th minute , while Everton had Russian substitute Diniyar Bilyaletdinov sent off for a late tackle in the 77th . On Sunday , third-placed Arsenal host Aston Villa , while Tottenham visit Liverpool in a match that should determine fifth and a place in the Europa League next year . Birmingham travel to mid-table Fulham , and Wigan host West Ham in a battle of the bottom two teams .	Wayne Rooney scores the goal that gives Manchester United a record 19th English title United come from behind to draw 1-1 draw at Blackburn to end Chelsea 's reign Local rivals Manchester City beat Stoke City 1-0 in FA Cup final later Saturday Victory ends City 's 35-year trophy drought , with Yaya Toure scoring the only goal
CNN  -- NBC is reportedly considering a TV series follow-up to Cameron Crowe 's 1989 classic "  Say Anything , " but both Crowe and star John Cusack are vocally against the idea . On Monday , Deadline reported that NBC had a script commitment in place for a single-camera comedy based on Crowe 's landmark coming-of-age story . In the movie , Cusack played mediocre student Lloyd Dobler , who was smitten with the high school valedictorian , Diane Court  Ione Skye  . NBC 's potential show would be set 10 years after the events of the movie , picking up in the aftermath of a breakup as Lloyd tries to win Diane back . The movie was both written and directed by Crowe . The TV series would be tackled by "  Better Off Ted " producer Justin Adler . Crowe , meanwhile , has made it known he 's not at all on board . "  Regarding the announcement of a ` Say Anything ' tv show ... @JohnCusack , @IoneSkye1 and I have no involvement ... except in trying to stop it , " Crowe tweeted Monday night . Cusack was just as disturbed by the news of a TV series , tweeting that he knew Crowe would be "  repulsed at this horror . " "  No end to the exploitation of other people 's sincere efforts in shameless slime , " the actor said on Twitter . "  T  errible idea - they never want the creators only to make money off it themselves . " This is n't the first time NBC has tried to create a new concept from a beloved movie . Last summer , the network was eyeing a comedy based on 1994 's "  Reality Bites . "	NBC has reportedly given a script commitment to a "  Say Anything " sequel series The comedy would pick up 10 years after the events of the classic movie Writer/director Cameron Crowe and star John Cusack are against the idea
CNN  -- Several potential Republican presidential contenders are heading to Las Vegas this week , hoping to hit the jackpot . And that 's before they hit the casinos . They hope the political payoff will come in appearances before some of the party 's most influential donors attending the Republican Jewish Coalition annual spring meeting . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and current Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey , Scott Walker of Wisconsin and John Kasich of Ohio will speak before the group , which seeks to promote Jewish causes among Republicans . Many of the nation 's leading Republican fundraisers and donors are part of the organization . Some donors estimate about a third of the party 's most important fundraisers are active in the coalition , so it 's a major audience for the possible presidential candidates attending . Bush is getting a lot of attention because he has been tapped to speak at a private , VIP dinner with major financiers on Thursday night -- giving him top billing for the event and a major platform as he considers whether to seek the party 's nomination . While he has said he wo n't make a decision until the end of this year and wo n't engage in further talk about the subject , Bush has recently picked up the pace with his political schedule , appearing in the past two weeks at fundraisers for Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , and Govs. Susana Martinez , R-New Mexico , and Brian Sandoval , R-Nevada , both running for re-election , as well as at an event for House Republicans helping him build a network of supporters if he needs one . "  Jeb has something to prove at this meeting , " one influential Republican donor who will be attending told CNN . "  It is pretty significant " for him to come to the event because he has refused to tip his hand any more about his intentions , the donor said . "  Jeb has to do a good job of handling that issue . " Another party money man said the event is a "  great opportunity for him " with decision-makers . "  Showing up and speaking is showing ' I am taking this seriously , ' " is how he put it to CNN . Bush , who served as Florida 's governor from 1999 to 2007 , is liked by many in this key group . During his tenure , and his father 's and brother 's time in the White House , they built good relations with the American Jewish community . Jeb Bush , Hillary Clinton together again to talk education Many eyes on Christie as well Christie , who speaks on Saturday , is also known to many in this group . "  Most of the people will be making a judgment on Christie " during his appearance , one of the donors told CNN . "  We are not absent ` Bridgegate , ' " referring to the scandal over the closing of access lanes to the George Washington Bridge last year in an apparent act of political retaliation by some of his aides . Christie has said he was not aware of the closings until they happened . "  People are going to want to have the hallway conversations ... private meetings " to discuss where the controversy stands , the donor said . A different major party fundraiser said that Christie so far has emerged fine among many of the donors , who like his political accomplishments and policies . "  I do n't think in the long term this will harm him , " the fundraiser said . As Christie travels around the country raising millions as head of the Republican Governors Association , he is building up support among the donor class . Besides their public appearances at the meeting , Christie , Kasich and Walker all can be expected to have smaller individual sessions with some influential attendees . Christie : Bridge scandal does n't change anything about 2016 Will Adelson tip his hand ? The host for the weekend activities is Republican mega-donor Sheldon Adelson , owner of the Venetian Casino where the meeting is taking place , and active in the Republican Jewish Coalition . Adelson and his wife gave $ 93 million to various groups and candidates in the 2012 election cycle , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , making them the biggest individuals financiers of outside groups . The Thursday dinner will be at the airport hangar Adelson uses . While candidates and groups would love to have his support , several GOP donors said they doubt Adelson will tip his hand any time soon . One said he is "  very hard to uncover ... he likes to support existing groups with real structure . " Adelson did support the super PAC Winning Our Future that backed former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in 2012 because of his pro-Israel stance , a majority priority for Adelson . Besides Adelson , some of the more influential Republican fundraisers include businessman Lewis Eisenberg , former ambassador Sam Fox , former Republican National Committee Chairman Ken Mehlman , and former ambassador Mel Sembler . Santorum ` very open ' to another presidential run All over the place Unlike four years ago where most of these donors ended up supporting Mitt Romney , this go-around is expected to be much different . "  You still have the donor groups all over the place , " said one of the fundraisers while also emphasizing just how early in this process things stand . The amount of activity by the field of possible 2016 contenders reaching out to prospective financial backers is at about the same pace it was four years ago , several of those interviewed said . What is different , they said , is that the field at this stage appears to be shaping up to be much stronger than last time around -- meaning the battle for support among these key supporters will likely be intense . "  I think the difference is in the quality of the candidates , " the fundraiser said . CNN has learned Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who have been traveling the country as part of their official duties , met recently with some prominent Republican donors , but did not indicate their future plans . One of the most active Republicans considering a White House bid has been Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who has met with donors and who has been working to broaden his appeal beyond his father 's libertarian base . Desire to break glass ceiling big part of aura around Clinton	Several possible 2016 candidates speaking to Republican Jewish Coalition Many of the country 's top Republican fund-raisers and donors will size up candidates Jeb Bush was selected to speak at private , VIP dinner , giving him basically top billing One donor said current field of Republican candidates much stronger than in 2012
CNN  -- As Colorado 's legislators met Monday in extraordinary session to consider bills that were not brought to the floor last week , House Democratic Leader Mark Ferrandino bemoaned the assignment of a civil-unions bill to a "  kill committee " as a harbinger of its likely defeat . "  Sad to see Speaker during his Speaker 's Session assign #civil unions to State Affairs , his kill committee , again thwarting democracy , " said Ferrandino in a tweet that referred to House Speaker Frank McNulty and the State Veterans and Military Affairs Committee , which has nine members , five of them Republicans . None of the Republicans has expressed support for the bill , he said . Still , Ferrandino , who is gay , held out hope that the bill might ultimately gain passage . "  We 're going to make our case and maybe somebody will have a change of heart , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  We need one person to change their mind . " The Republican speaker has made no secret of his opposition to the bill , which had garnered bipartisan support . "  Planting corn today , " McNulty tweeted Sunday . "  What I should be doing tomorrow insread  sic  of a special session for the legislature . " He expressed similar sentiments Monday , when he tweeted , "  Special legislative session on same sex marriage brought to you by Colorado Gov @hickforco and cost picked up by Colorado families . " Gov. John Hickenlooper , who had called the special session , said Sunday that the bill is not about same-sex marriage , which is banned under Colorado 's constitution . And he said the civil unions bill was not the only one that he wished would have passed during the regular session . "  On the next-to-last day of our legislative session , the civil unions bill came out of committees and they just filibustered , " the Democrat told CNN . "  They would n't let it come to the floor , and when it died , 30 other bills died . And these are important to our businesses . " But McNulty said in a telephone interview that the special session amounts to a reset of the process . "  We start all over again with committee hearings and testimony , " he said . "  We can get out of here in three days . " McNulty defended his equation of civil unions to same-sex marriage . "  It 's clearly creating same-sex marriage in Colorado , " he said about the bill . "  They can call it whatever they want , but the bottom line is that 's what 's happening here . " McNulty suggested there was a link between what is going on in Colorado and President Barack Obama 's announcement last week that he supports same-sex marriage . "  To me , it 's more than a simple coincidence that all of this is happening at the same time , " McNulty said . "  Bills die on the calendar every year and we do n't have a special session as a result of it . " In a statement , the speaker accused Hickenlooper and his Democratic supporters of "  pushing a last-minute , divisive attack on our traditional views on marriage for short-term political gain . " Outside the Capitol before the special session began , more than 100 gay rights advocates demonstrated Monday morning in a call for McNulty "  to give us a fair hearing , " said Jace Woodrum , deputy executive director of One Colorado , a statewide advocacy organization for gay and transgender Coloradans . He described as "  shameful and unprecedented " last week 's House shutdown , which blocked consideration not only of the civil unions bill , but of more than 30 other bills . A civil union is a legal status created by the state of Vermont in 2000 and subsequently by a number of other states , according to Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , in a posting on its website . "  It provides legal protection to couples at the state law level , but omits federal protections as well as the dignity , clarity , security and power of the word ` marriage . ' " Obama said last week that he supports states ' deciding the issue of same-sex marriage on their own , but added that he was "  disappointed " by last Tuesday 's vote on the issue in North Carolina , where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the state constitution . Obama called the amendment discriminatory against gays and lesbians , a spokesman said Wednesday . Five U.S. states allow civil unions between same-sex couples , but not marriage . Six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to define marriage as a heterosexual union . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June , but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state 's same-sex couples to wed as of January 1 , and state residents may vote to affirm such a law . Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina , while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage . Meanwhile , two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice , one from California and another from Massachusetts , could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months .	Civil unions bill assigned to "  kill committee , " House Democratic leader says Water projects are among dozens of other bills that were not brought to a vote last week Governor says passage of civil unions bill "  depends on Frank " McNulty , speaker
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg signed legislation Tuesday raising the tobacco-purchasing age from 18 to 21 . The law takes effect in six months . In addition to the "  Tobacco 21 " bill , which also covers electronic cigarettes , Bloomberg signed a second bill , dubbed Sensible Tobacco Enforcement , which prohibits discounts on tobacco products and increases enforcement on vendors who attempt to evade taxes . New York State 's Department of Health estimates that cigarette excise tax evasion deprived the state of $ 500 million in 2009 . "  By increasing the smoking age to 21 , we will help prevent another generation from the ill health and shorter life expectancy that comes with smoking , " Bloomberg said in a written statement when the legislation was approved by the city council in October . New York City becomes the largest city to have an age limit as high as 21 . Needham , Massachusetts , raised the sale age to 21 in 2005 , according to the New York City Department of Health . Neighboring states and counties have raised the tobacco sale age to 19 , including New Jersey in 2005 , the Department of Health said . Raising the sale age "  will protect teens and may prevent many people from ever starting to smoke , " Health Commissioner Thomas A. Farley said in a statement released after the vote . Doctors support raising the smoking age This is the latest step in the outgoing mayor 's mission for healthier New York City lifestyles . In September 2012 , the Board of Health voted to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues , a measure Bloomberg spearheaded . The ban was later tossed out by a New York State Supreme Court judge . Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide	NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg signs law raising tobacco-purchasing age from 18 to 21 The law takes effect in 60 days New York City becomes the largest city to have an age limit as high as 21
CNN  -- Will the Super Bowl "  Dare to Be Stupid " ? If an Internet petition has its way , yes . "  Weird Al " Yankovic , the king of the song parody , has been nominated to perform at the next Super Bowl halftime show on a Change.org petition -- and close to 60,000 people have signed on their approval as of Thursday morning . Ed Ball , who created the petition , told The Hollywood Reporter that he was inspired by a suggestion that Justin Bieber headline the extravaganza , which has featured such names as U2 , the Rolling Stones , Prince and Beyonce  and , to be fair , Elvis impersonators and Up With People  . "  I thought , ` Man , this is so crappy , ' " he told the publication . The time is certainly right for Yankovic , who is riding perhaps the biggest wave of his career . His new album , "  Mandatory Fun , " debuted at No. 1 , and the series of eight videos he made to promote it -- including parodies of "  Royals "  "  Foil "  , "  Blurred Lines "  "  Word Crimes "  and "  Happy "  "  Tacky "  -- quickly became some of the most-viewed on YouTube . "  Weird Al 's " best song ever ? In the petition , Ball observes that some of the artists parodied could join Yankovic on stage , and the result would be most entertaining . "  The theatrics alone would be hilarious and a welcoming change , and draw a wider audience of fans that typically would not tune into the championship game or half-time show , " he writes . Next year 's Super Bowl -- that would be Super Bowl XLIX , for the Roman numeral-inclined -- will be held February 1 in Glendale , Arizona . Ball told The Hollywood Reporter that Yankovic would be by far the best choice the NFL could make . "  In all honesty , would you rather have Justin Bieber or Miley Cyrus perform the Super Bowl or something different ? " he said . The man has a point .	Change.org petition : Hire "  Weird Al " Yankovic for Super Bowl halftime Yankovic is enjoying career high right now Halftime show could feature both Yankovic and artists he parodies , petition says
CNN  -- The next time an Israeli official petitions the U.S. government to release Jonathan Pollard from prison , we should tell our friend and longtime ally in an unequivocal tone : He will die in an American prison , so stop asking ! Now , I know that 's not how our State Department practices diplomacy , but there is no reason for the United States to be diplomatic with Israel when it comes to Pollard , a former Navy intelligence officer who stole secrets from this country and passed them on to Israel . Since he was convicted of espionage in 1987 and sentenced to life in prison , thousands of Israelis have made it their mission to get him released and sent to Israel . Why ? So he could be treated like a hero ? Let 's be clear : Jonathan Pollard is no hero . Other than an American killing a president , he committed the most heinous crime someone from this country could do . You do n't go against your own country by passing on secrets to another nation , even if it 's an ally like Israel . This week , Israeli President Shimon Peres , who was in Washington to receive the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom , brought with him a petition signed by 70,000 Israelis calling for the release of Pollard . He told Fox News that Israelis "  feel very strongly about  Pollard .  And I understand their sentiment . But I am doing it not as a diplomat ... but as a human being . " Yet Israeli leaders have used their official position to seek Pollard 's release . In 1998 , Benjamin Netanyahu , in his first go-round as prime minister of Israel , demanded Pollard 's release as part of his attendance at the Wye River Conference , an effort to broker peace in the Middle East . Various reports from Israelis who have talked with Netanyahu said President Bill Clinton either considered releasing him or actually agreed to do so , but later reneged . In 2002 , Netanyahu even visited Pollard in prison . Pollard is a deviant man who sold his country out for money , and no sort of pressure from Israel or any other country should cause a single American official to relent . When asked this week about the request of Peres , White House press secretary Jay Carney said : "  Our position has not changed , and will not change today . Mr. Pollard was convicted of extremely serious crimes . " It would behoove President Barack Obama to go even further . He should say that as long as he is president of the United States , Pollard will never be a free man . While we are at it , we should also tell Reps. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , and Eliot Engel , D-New York , to pipe down . Those two are asking House members to sign a letter saying Pollard has served in prison long enough , and because his health is reportedly failing , should be released . Really ? So is this how they feel about a member of our military who sold this nation out ? America should make no apologies . Jonathan Pollard deserves to rot in prison . When he joined the Navy , he took the same oath every member of the military must : "  I , Jonathan Pollard , do solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic ; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same ; and that I will obey the orders of the president of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me , according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice . So help me God . " The next time an Israeli official presses for Pollard 's release , we should give them a copy of this and say , "  Enough said . " In 2011 : Israel 's PM pleads for Obama to release spy The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Jonathan Pollard should remain jailed Pollard was convicted of espionage for giving U.S. secrets to Israel Martin says Israel should stop efforts to win Pollard 's freedom
CNN  -- She is only 37 years old , but violinist Midori Goto has already spent 25 years taking center-stage with the world 's best orchestras . Midori first hit center-stage when she was just 11-years-old . Born into a musical family in Osaka , Japan , in 1971 -- her mother and brother are both accomplished musicians -- her own prodigious talents were spotted at an early age by Zubin Mehta , the conductor and one-time musical director of the New York Philharmonic . Inviting Midori to play with the New York Philharmonic in 1982 , he helped to propel her onto the world stage which has been such a large part of her life ever since . She moved to New York to study at the Juilliard School of performing arts and has lead a life entwined with music . Unlike some prodigiously talented people there is no hint of resentment directed toward her and the life she has led . Nor is there any notion of a stolen childhood , despite her admission that she did harbor dreams of being all sorts of other things , from an archeologist or diplomat to a zookeeper or a nun . "  This was my life , I did n't know any other . I took it and I was very happy . Being a child performer opened up opportunities . From a fairly early age I was exposed to different cultures and was traveling round the world . It was a great education , " she told CNN . Being given the opportunity to learn more about different people and experience different places was only one part of this education . While Midori has been practicing and honing her own skills , she has also been given the opportunity to give something back . In 1992 she set up Midori & Friends , a non-profit organization that brings musical education to young people in New York City . "  I was always interested in education ; not just receiving , but also helping others and being part of the community , " she said . From Midori & Friends came Music Sharing , a similar organization in Japan , offering programs in public schools and children 's hospitals . While continuing to perform across the world with renowned orchestras she took some time out to further her own education with a degree in psychology in 2000 and in 2005 received her Masters in Psychology from New York University . But music is and remains her first love and the way in which it connects people and stirs emotions is something she believes is one of the most powerful aspects of music . The world today might be unrecognizable from the world of Bruckner or Bach , but for Midori the way people feel and respond to music and emotions remains the same . "  The very basics of being human has n't changed . We may express ourselves differently , but the fact we do respond and do feel that is something very basic , " she said . And while there are hardships involved in being one of the world 's finest violinists , it still remains a pure pleasure . "  As musicians we 're trained to be self critical so we can get better . But fundamentally we love music . It 's a love that drives us to practice and keep working at it . It 's something I love so much and gives me so much joy . "  With that comes hardships ... there 's never a state of perfection . You try and you try and you try , but at the end you know you ca n't be perfect . It 's humbling , so that it becomes a motivating force , " she told CNN . Continuing her work outside of the concert hall , Midori was made a UN Ambassador for Peace in 2007 , a role she relishes . While it presents her additional opportunities to talk about issues close to her heart , it 's also a position that nourishes her inquisitive mind and another means to connect with people indirectly through her music . These experiences make the world a little more vivid than it was before . And I 'm grateful for that ; it 's also something that motivates me to continue to do it , " she said .	Violinist Midori Goto was child prodigy ; played with NY Philharmonic at age 11 Set up Midori & Friends musicial education group and is a UN Peace Ambassador Has an MA in Psychology and travels the world playing with leading orchestras
Camden , Maine  CNN  -- There are no rock stars at PopTech , no household names . But this annual conference in coastal Maine is a hub for super-smart people , a chance to get a look into ideas and technologies that soon will change the world . Here 's a quick look at five of them , chosen from many . You can see the full list of PopTech presenters and fellows on the group 's website . Daniel Kish , ` real-life batman ' Kish , who founded World Access for the Blind , sees the world with his ears . A self-described "  batman , " Kish , who is blind , makes clicking sounds with his tongue when he walks the streets or goes hiking in the woods . He listens for those sounds to bounce off the objects around him , and uses that data to construct a mental image of the scene . He has taught these methods of human echolocation to about 500 students on several continents . With his help , these blind students have learned to ride bikes through obstacle courses , skateboard and , perhaps most importantly , achieve greater independence . "  You 're basically querying the environment -- you 're interrogating the environment , " he said . "  You 're asking who are you and what are you , and the environment answers back . " Adrien Treuille , game designer For most people , gaming is a form of entertainment or escape . For Treuille , a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University , games can help solve real-world problems . Treuille is the creator of FoldIt , a computer game that has helped solve long-standing puzzles about protein folding . The work of FoldIt is even helping to enhance science 's understanding of HIV . His new game , called EteRNA , does the same thing for RNA sequencing . Most important about these games , he says , is the fact that they 're fun . And by having fun , gamers also are helping improve the world . Dominic Muren , advocate for ` maker ' culture If you live in the Western world , chances are you ca n't make much of anything . If you want a shirt , you buy it . If you want an Internet connection , you buy a router . No one knows much about these processes -- well , no one except "  makers " like Dominic Muren , who is creating a website to connect people who make things in the developing world with other people on the Internet who might be able to help . The site , called alchematter.com , is expected to launch next summer . It will be yet another portal into a growing trend : People want to know where things come from and how they 're produced . Increasingly , people like Muren just want to make things for themselves . He grows plants in his yard in Washington that he spins into shirts and sweaters . He hopes his website will support projects like one by Amy Sun at a group called FabFolk , which , among other things , helped makers in Afghanistan create a localized version of the Internet in their hometown . Iain D. Couzin , the locust whisperer Why do fish swim in schools ? Why do locusts fly in swarms ? Couzin , a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Princeton University , is trying to understand how and why organisms function as a collective rather than individuals . He 's using new and innovative methods , from computer vision to Xbox Kinect cameras , to get at the answers .  It turns out , for example , that locusts swam not because they love flying in giant clumps , but because they 're trying to eat each other -- and avoid being eaten by the locusts hot on their tails . There are practical applications to this work . One of Couzin 's long-term goals , for example , is to understand locusts well enough to be able to predict their swarming patterns . That may sound like no big deal if you 're sitting in an American city and have n't seen a locust swarm this week -- or ever . But in lots of places , including Africa , locust swarms severely impact people 's livelihoods . Forecasts could help . Aidan Dwyer , 13-year-old solar scientist Who knows what you were doing at age 13 , but I 'm guessing you were n't walking through the woods , looking at trees and noticing how the spiraling pattern of the branches follow a mathematical construct called the Fibonacci sequence . Dwyer was . For a school science project , this 13-year-old used these observations to design a new type of solar panel array that 's based on Fibonacci and the structure of trees . The prototype looks like a tree with little solar panels at the tips of the branches . He says it catches more light and produces about 20 % more electricity than traditional solar panel arrangements . The discovery earned him a Young Naturalist Award this year from the American Museum of Natural History ; and it got him plenty of high praise at PopTech , with plenty of decades-older university types expressing awe at his work .	PopTech is a yearly conference that focuses on tech and social change The speakers are n't household names , but they 're working to change the world Among them : A 13-year-old solar power developer ; a man who sees with his ears
CNN  -- Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal rode into the Republican National Committee retreat in Charlotte , North Carolina , ready to offer a dose of tough medicine for the Republican Party , which he now says "  must stop being the stupid party . " "  The Republican Party does not need to change our principles , " he said in a keynote speech , "  but we might need to change just about everything else we do . " Ouch . There 's a problem with Jindal 's prescription , however , rooted in an idea that Forrest Gump once articulated -- "  stupid is as stupid does . " As the GOP enters a period of reassessment , it knows it desperately needs to reach out beyond its older white male conservative populist base . Jindal is an appealing symbol of that needed change -- a young Southern governor who is also an Indian American and former Rhodes scholar . The GOP 's problem in reaching out beyond its conservative base is not simply a matter of communication and tone . The problem is in the party 's policies . But because Jindal needs to keep the conservative base in his corner to mount a widely expected 2016 presidential campaign , he is restrained from really dealing with the root of the problem . Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes Instead , his well-written speech -- presented as a refutation of President Barack Obama 's second inaugural address -- was incomplete and dominated by many of the straw-man arguments he decried . Defensively , Jindal assured his audience that his federalist vision of modernizing the Republican Party did not mean "  moderating " its policies in any way . "  I am not one of those who believe we should moderate , equivocate or otherwise abandon our principles , " Jindal said . "  This badly disappoints many of the liberals in the national media , of course . For them , real change means : supporting abortion on demand without apology , abandoning traditional marriage between one man and one woman , embracing government growth as the key to American success , agreeing to higher taxes every year to pay for government expansion , and endorsing the enlightened policies of European socialism . " The tragicomic caricature does not describe what Democrats believe or what a centrist Republican might want . But the markers Jindal puts down means he is backing social conservative positions such as opposition to same-sex marriage and the call for a constitutional ban on abortion that is codified in the party platform . Many voters -- especially members of the millennial generation -- consider these positions at odds with libertarians ' professed belief in maximizing individual freedom , but the contradiction and resulting voter alienation is entirely sidestepped . Confronting it is politically inconvenient , if not impossible . Not being the stupid party also means supporting science and the separation of church and state , at least to the extent that creationism is not taught in public schools . But Jindal has backed the teaching of creationism in Louisiana public schools in a pander to conservative populists . Physician , heal thyself . When Jindal says , "  We must not become the party of austerity . We must become the party of growth , " he is arguing for a positive frame for the conservative message . But he is not actually questioning conservatives ' call to cut federal spending and social programs dramatically , which could restrict growth and alienate efforts to appeal beyond the base . He 's just saying the GOP should present the glass as half full . I 'm all for reinventing government and reducing bureaucracy dramatically -- as Jindal calls for -- but part of "  talking to Americans like adults " -- involves talking about the real costs and consequences , not just reframing the debate . Jindal rightly says , "  We had a number of Republicans damage the brand this year with offensive and bizarre comments . We 've had enough of that . " He 's presumably referring to the self-destructed tea-evangelist Senate campaigns of Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin -- which alienated women and centrist voters with the candidates ' tortured talk about rape , biology and abortion . But the problem with those bizarre and offensive comments was rooted in the policies the Senate candidates were being asked to defend -- namely , their faith-based opposition to abortion , even in cases of rape . Unless , that policy is addressed , the problem will remain . Silence on the subject does n't solving anything . Analysis : Jindal lays down 2016 marker Likewise , correcting the overwhelmingly white complexion of the conservative base will require more than just talking to everyone as individuals and rejecting identity politics . It will require backing policies such as comprehensive immigration reform -- as Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio have backed . Jindal stayed silent on the subject and substance . There is a lot to admire in Jindal 's speech -- first and foremost the courage it took to challenge his party in unvarnished terms so soon after a stinging election loss . He is right about the need to offer a compelling contrast rooted in radical simplification to decrease costs and increase efficiency . Jindal is correct in saying that Mitt Romney 's failure was in large part his inability to move beyond simply criticizing Obama and offer a detailed positive policy alternative . But that failure was rooted in the fact that much of current conservative policy is broadly unpopular , a problem only compounded when the party becomes more polarized and dominated by the far-right debating society . The demonization of Obama beyond all reason and reality only adds to the credibility gap that conservatives are now confronting . Most leading national Democrats -- whether it is Obama , Joe Biden , Hillary Clinton or John Kerry -- may be decidedly center-left , but they are basically pragmatic progressives , not the kind of fuming anti-American statists many conservatives imagine . Most Main Street Americans understand this , and hard-core conservatives look a bit dotty for insisting their overheated vision is rooted in reality . There 's one final contradiction between rhetoric and reality that 's worth confronting . Jindal spent a lot of time in his speech slamming the "  barren concrete " of Washington and the job of "  managing government . " But if Jindal runs for president -- as seems increasingly likely -- he 'll be running for the privilege of living in that barren concrete jungle and managing the federal government . That 's a basic part of the job description . Let 's be honest : Jindal does n't really hate the federal government ; he wants to run it . Jindal is courageous to call on his party to stop being "  the stupid party . " But that slogan and his speech is a diagnosis of the problem , not a prescription for fixing it . Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary to fix "  the stupid party . " The problem is in the policy , not just political perception . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal advocates that GOP reach out beyond base John Avlon : Jindal is not dealing with the root of the problem , which is GOP policies Saying GOP must stop being "  the stupid party " is a diagnosis but not a prescription , Avlon says Avlon : Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary
With a quick glance at Dr. Craig Spencer 's work history , it is apparent he has an affinity for helping those in need . His work has taken him from hospital emergency rooms in New York to the rural clinics in Africa , where he has worked with limited resources to improve medical care . And now that work in Guinea , where he reportedly was helping treat Ebola patients , has put him at risk . Spencer , 33 , tested positive for Ebola on Thursday , a law enforcement official briefed on the matter told CNN . The official spoke on condition of anonymity . While authorities have not publicly identified Spencer , they confirmed earlier Thursday that a Doctors Without Borders physician who recently returned to New York from West Africa exhibited symptoms of Ebola and was undergoing testing . "  Off to Guinea with Doctor Without Borders , " Spencer wrote on his Facebook page in mid-September . "  Please support organizations that are sending support or personnel to West Africa , and help combat one of the worst public health and humanitarian disasters in recent history . " He also posted a picture of himself wearing protective gear . His last post was on October 16 , and it was a check-in from 9Hotel Central in Brussels , Belgium . The Facebook page appeared to have been taken down Thursday afternoon . According to a statement released by Doctors Without Borders , the physician -- who it did not identify -- engaged in "  regular health monitoring . " The doctor checked his temperature twice a day since departing Guinea , said Dr. Mary Bassett , the commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene The doctor showed his "  first actual symptoms " on Thursday morning , she said . Those symptoms included a high fever . He was then taken to Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan for testing . Bassett did not identify the doctor . A law enforcement official previously told CNN the doctor began showing symptoms Wednesday night . The doctor 's fiancee and two close friends have been quarantined as a precaution , Bassett said . Spencer , according to his social media posts , claims Detroit as his hometown . He graduated from Wayne State University School of Medicine in 2008 , and completed his residency at New York Hospital Queens , according a listing on the New York -- Presbyterian Hospital website . Spencer is board certified in emergency medicine . "  The physician is a dedicated humanitarian on the staff of New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center who went to an area of medical crisis to help a desperately underserved population , " the hospital said in a statement , without directly identifying Spencer . "  He is a committed and responsible physician who always puts his patients first . He has not been to work at our hospital and has not seen any patients at our hospital since his return from overseas . Our thoughts are with him , and we wish him all the best at this time . " Spencer began work on a number of projects in Africa in recent years , including in Rwanda where he worked to help develop an emergency care teaching curriculum . He later worked in southern Burundi on an infant mortality survey and , more recently , he worked on a neurocysticercosis outbreak investigation -- an examination of seizures and epilepsy -- in the Democratic Republic of Congo . According to his professional profile on LinkedIn , he claims fluency in Chinese , French , Spanish and Greek . He attended Henan University in China from 2006 to 2007 , where he studied Chinese language and literature , according to his profile .	Dr. Craig Spencer showed first symptoms on Thursday , an official says Spencer , 33 , was working in Guinea , helping treat Ebola patients On Facebook , Spencer asked people to support organizations fighting Ebola He was taken to the hospital after developing a fever , the official says
CNN  Wealthy Nigerians used to travel abroad to get their fix of luxury goods . However these days , they can take a stroll around Victoria Island , an exclusive neighborhood in Lagos where brands like Porsche , Hugo Boss and Ermenegildo Zegna line the streets . The Nigerian city is among African metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . Others include Luanda , Dar es Salaam and Accra , which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020 . If the growth continues , these cities could join an existing club of African wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals , typically those with over $ 30 million of net assets excluding their primary residence . These centers of affluence are spread from Johannesburg in the south , through Lagos in the west and Nairobi in the east , to Cairo in the north . This emerging class of Africa 's new millionaires has been pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent , with sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013 . However , they are no longer concentrated in southern Africa , traditionally the wealthiest part of the continent . Nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for French Champagne and digital televisions according to a report by Deloitte , and in 2013 LVMH 's seven Nigerian branches outsold its 600 South African stores . "  Africa is one of the fastest growing regions in terms of middle class , " says Fflur Roberts , head of luxury at Euromonitor , a market research provider . "  It 's due to a mix of rising incomes , rising population but also growth slowing in other emerging markets . " Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors , benefiting from local knowledge of their partners but still retaining a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed in that country . "  Getting a new brand in a new market where they do n't fully understand the operating environment would be very dangerous for that brand , " explains Roberts . She warns that in spite of potential , the future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place : "  It will rely on infrastructure and the operating environment such as security and how trading is done , " she says . When it comes to what they choose to splash their cash on , Africa 's rich like to stick to well-known global labels that carry an automatic badge of status . "  Generally the brands they buy will be more ostentatious compared to somebody in the more developed , mature markets . It 's going to be the Louis Vuitton , the Gucci , the Prada , " says Roberts . She adds that this could be down to the fact that typical a luxury consumer in Africa is much younger than those in mature markets such as Western Europe , who tend to be in their 50s and 60s . "  They are in their late twenties or thirties so it 's very much new wealth , and they will be looking towards luxury as a means of showing status and success , " says Roberts . However , in spite of mainstream brand 's dominance , smaller home-grown labels also see the growth in appetite for luxury goods as a valuable opportunity . "  Africa has all the foundations that are needed to create a real vibrant luxury industry , " says Swaady Martin Leke , Ivorian entrepreneur and founder of the Johannesburg-based luxury tea brand Yswara . "  We have the craftsmanship , we have the heritage , we have a very rich culture that does n't date just 20 years , but centuries , thousands and thousands of years of know-how and craftsmanship . So here is this continent where you have all the raw material and the know-how , but what is missing is the link to luxury . "  Now is the time and you need to start positioning yourself , because Africa is getting richer , that 's for sure , " she adds . More from Africa View Read this : Ethiopia - a land where coffee meets tradition Read this : Why Kenya is the flower garden of Europe	The city with most multimillionaires in Africa is Johannesburg However a crop of new pretenders have been expanding their millionaire count
CNN  -- Although many people think of a heart attack as a painful , sometimes fatal event , there are some heart attacks that go entirely unnoticed . Some people may have had heart attacks without knowing it , studies show . Undiagnosed , or "  silent , " heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the United States annually . As many as 40 to 60 percent of all heart attacks are unrecognized , studies show . By definition , a heart attack usually happens when a clot gets in the way of blood flow from a coronary artery to the heart . This may cause symptoms such as severe chest pain , shortness of breath , fainting and nausea . Anyone who believes that he or she is having a heart attack should seek emergency medical attention . But sometimes a heart attack is not painful , or the person experiencing it does not recognize the symptoms as heart-related , so he or she does not go to a hospital for treatment . Cardiologists have only recently become attuned to the prevalence of these silent heart attacks , and research on treatment is limited . The risk factors for silent heart attacks are the same as for regular heart attacks , experts say , and include smoking , diabetes , stress and family history . Watch CNN Health Files : Heart attacks " A new study from Duke University Medical Center shows that these silent heart attacks may occur more frequently than physicians thought . Even if a heart attack occurred in the distant past , it may still leave a signature called a Q-wave on an electrocardiogram . But there are silent heart attacks that do not have associated Q-waves . Researchers used a relatively new technique called delayed-enhancement cardiovascular magnetic resonance and then followed up with patients after about two years . The study was done on 185 patients who had never had a diagnosed heart attack but were suspected of having coronary artery disease . The researchers found that 35 percent of patients had evidence of a heart attack and that silent heart attacks without Q-waves were three times more common than those that had Q-waves . Patients with non-Q-wave silent heart attacks also had 11 times higher risk of death from any cause and a 17-fold risk of death from heart problems compared with patients without any heart damage . But experts do not recommend that people generally be screened for silent heart attacks unless they have other heart-related problems . "  Currently , there has not been a study that has demonstrated that early identification and therapy changes how patients with unrecognized heart attacks do in the future , " said Dr. Han Kim , a cardiologist at Duke University and lead author of the study . "  If you do n't know when an actual event occurred , it becomes difficult to prescribe therapy . " Although the study was done on a relatively small sample of people at risk of coronary artery disease , meaning the results may not apply to the general population , other cardiologists say the study has merit in adding to the knowledge of silent heart attacks . "  Ultimately , we 're going to need trials to really establish what treatment works and what does n't , " said Dr. Eric Schelbert , a cardiologist at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who was not involved in the study . Treatment for someone who has had a silent heart attack is usually the same for someone who came to the hospital immediately after a heart attack , Kim said . This may include beta blockers , statin drugs , aspirin or other medications , Schelbert said . Schelbert said he has seen plenty of patients who have had silent heart attacks ; in fact , he has treated some of his own colleagues who have experienced them . "  It 's an incredibly important thing that the physician scientist community needs to explore further , " he said . Researchers noted that patients with non-Q-wave silent heart attacks were also generally older and were more likely to have diabetes . There needs to be more of a focus on prevention among these risk groups , said Dr. David Wiener , a cardiologist at the Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , who was not involved in the study .	Silent heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the United States annually Researchers studied 185 people at risk of coronary artery disease Treatment for "  silent " heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks More research is necessary to determine whether screening is useful
Baghdad  CNN  -- Bombs struck Sunnis leaving a mosque and attending a funeral in Iraq on Friday , killing dozens amid festering tensions between Sunnis and Shiites . At least 40 people were killed and 46 others wounded Friday in two roadside explosions outside a Sunni mosque in the Iraqi city of Baquba , police and health officials told CNN . Baquba , the largest city in Diyala province , is about 60 kilometers  37 miles  north of Baghdad . That bombing was one of several attacks Friday , and came on the heels of a spate of sectarian violence in the Middle Eastern nation . A roadside bombing in Amirya , a predominantly Sunni western Baghdad neighborhood , left 12 dead and 30 wounded , police officials told CNN . Another roadside bomb in western Baghdad -- this time in al-Jamia -- went off outside the house of Sunni member of parliament Ahmed al-Massari , wounding two bodyguards Friday morning , police said . Al-Massari 's brother was shot dead near his house in the Baghdad neighborhood of al-Bayaa on Thursday . South of Baghdad , in the town of al-Madaan , police said at least eight people were killed and 25 were wounded Friday when a roadside bomb exploded at a funeral procession for the Sunni mayor of the town , who died Thursday . Additionally , two people died in a pair of roadside bombing in Baghdad 's Dora district , another Sunni neighborhood . Overall , violence has dropped significantly in Iraq since the peak of sectarian violence , between 2005 and 2007 . But tensions and violence , stirred in part by enmity between Shiites and Sunnis , have persisted since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . Martin Kobler , the U.N. special representative for Iraq , called on leaders to protect civilians as another wave of bombings erupted this week , warning that the country "  will slide backwards into a dangerous unknown if they do not take action . " "  It is the responsibility of all leaders to stop the bloodshed in this country and to protect their citizens , " he said . "  Small children are burned alive in cars . Worshippers are cut down outside their own mosques . This is beyond unacceptable . It is the politicians ' responsibility to act immediately and to engage in dialogue to resolve the political impasse and put an end to this . " On Thursday , 11 people -- six in Baghdad and five in Kirkuk -- died in attacks in the two major Iraqi cities . The bloodiest attack was in the northern city of Kirkuk , where a suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest Thursday afternoon at the main entrance to a Shiite mosque , police said . On Wednesday , bombings in Kirkuk and Baghdad left at least 29 people dead and 120 wounded , police said . . Read more : Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode "  Peace must come to this country now , " Kobler said . "  The people of Iraq have suffered enough . "	NEW : 12 died in a roadside bombing in Baghdad 's Amirya neighborhood , police say At least 40 people died in Baquba , and eight died in al-Madaan In western Baghdad , a bomb exploded at a legislator 's house , injuring two bodyguards U.N. official warns of a "  slide backwards into a dangerous unknown "
On Sunday there will once again be millions of eyes trained on the red carpet and the usual slew of beautiful faces parading along it . But behind the cream of Hollywood 's stars will be an army of nominees whose craft is just as vital to the creation of the industry 's feted films . "  I think that the red carpet and the glamor is all fine but it does n't really apply to me because I 'm not a movie star , " says Jay Cassidy , a three-time nominee who is back at the Dolby Theater on Sunday . Cassidy is in the running for the Best Film Editing Oscar , alongside his colleagues Crispin Struthers and Alan Baumgarten , for their work on David O. Russell 's "  American Hustle . " For the veteran editor , the occasion is not so much about the celebrity ephemera and who 's - wearing-what , but it 's an "  enormous big deal " for other , more tangible reasons . "  You 're nominated by the members of your branch  of the Academy  , so there 's maybe 300 other editors in Hollywood and around the world who ... nominate the five nominees each year so it 's a huge honor -- it 's your direct peer group . "  For those who are movie stars it 's part of the game , " he said . "  They 're used to the press thing that goes on , and there 's probably no more special occasion  than the Academy Awards  . It 's the big one of the year . " Cassidy is hoping to pick up that elusive statuette this time . Last year , he was nominated for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and in 2008 , was on the shortlist for his work on Sean Penn 's adaptation of "  Into the Wild . " Both times , he came up short . But despite third-time-lucky exhortations , he says there are no expectations . "  You can never know what 's going to happen and you certainly do n't expect anything . Anybody who does is kind of delusional . So you just go into it with an attitude that you 're glad to be included in this clump of movies that are being recognized and honored and if it works out for you , wonderful but do n't be surprised if it does n't . " While the major categories generally hog the limelight -- and his "  American Hustle " colleagues are up for the big ones including all four major acting categories , Best Director and Best Picture -- he says that the technical categories are far from unsung these days . "  There is certainly , in the years I 've been in the industry a growing appreciation for the technical side , " he says . "  I think there 's a lot more attention paid to it by the media so I think people have a level of awareness that they did n't used to have . "  That 's maybe not such a good thing on a certain level because you want the movies to be magic -- you do n't want to pull the man out from behind the curtain . " He says that the peer recognition is important , and while it "  remains to be seen " what a win would do for his career options , the recognition from the Academy means that he is afforded more choice in what he makes . "  I 've been very fortunate in the past few years to work on a string of really interesting films and then when I have n't had an interesting film , that has n't been a problem . I 've done some interesting documentaries , which have been wonderful . " But back to Sunday and the hush that comes over the expectant crowd as the envelope containing the name of the winner -- or winners -- is opened . "  I have no predictions . How can you have predictions ? I 'm the wrong person to ask -- you need to find someone on the outside , someone with a colder eye .  If  you 've been through all this stuff , you have a vested interest in one of the films , you 're a little addled at this point . " And while the Best Film Editing award may mean more to a handful of old Hollywood hands sitting in darkened editing booths than it does to those watching on E! news , the occasion is undiminished for Cassidy . "  The ritual is all fine , and part of it , you know , in a sense you 're continuing a Hollywood history , and what movies mean to people around the world , I think it 's a vindication of that . "	Jay Cassidy is in the running for Best Film Editing Oscar for "  American Hustle " For little-known film editors , award considered honor because nominations are from peers Cassidy : There 's growing appreciation for the technical side of movies
Krokos , Greece  CNN  -- It 's a meticulous harvest which forbids the use of a spade , let alone tractors . Crouched deep within a field full of purple crocuses , groups of villagers come together every year for a back-breaking fortnight , harvesting saffron . With great precision , and grubby fingernails , flowers containing the rare , precious spice are snapped away from the stems and dropped inside white buckets . Read more : Europe would have suffered without single currency Within the purple petals lie two or three strands of saffron . These red threads are helping the villagers survive Greece 's economic calamity . When CNN joined them on the final day of a two week harvest the sun was out , with the November heat bearing down on the pickers ' backs in the fields around Krokos , a small town in the north of the country . Read more : Maastricht : The birthplace of the euro Among them were young men and women who 'd previously left the village in search of jobs in Athens which did not materialize . One of them was Zisis Kirow , a young man in his 20s with two degrees . "  I was hoping to live in Athens but now with the whole economic crisis it 's really hard to find a job that covers your needs , " he said . Read more : Spain turning back the clock on siestas "  I was studying civil engineering . . but whether you want it or not , you have to come back to your family . " By late afternoon , the local coffee shop became the center of attention as it slowly filled . The harvest was almost done . Retirees with gray-stubbled , weathered faces burst into loud debate . They struggled to hear themselves above the booming TV mounted on the wall . Read more : A history of defaulting on debt On the local news was the respected president of the local cooperative , Nikolaos Patsiouras . He 's an outgoing , gray-haired Greek who turned his back on taking a corporate approach to business . "  We have never tried to work as a multinational corporate business , " he said . "  We have a board of 50 people and whatever we produce - we package them and we sell them . We keep 10 % for the coop expenses and the rest we give to the producer . Our main aim is not to get high benefits . " Read more : IMF chief warns against ` complacent ' Europe This year 's harvest has not been huge . It takes 150,000 plants to produce a kilo of saffron . Dry weather left the co-op with 1.5 tonnes this year - that 's tiny compared to the global annual production of 200 tonnes . They 're competing with produce from Iran and Spain , but many chefs regard Greek saffron among the best in the world , providing the villagers with some financial stability . "  For some people this is their main business and way to get money . For others , it is an extra activity , " Patsiouras said . "  Young people have to take this seriously and treat saffron harvest and production as a real job . "  If they can not find work , they can at least have some money to get by , thanks to saffron . " Read more : Europe fractures after recession As Greece enters a new economic phase of optimism with a stockmarket rebound , it has yet to translate into more jobs , especially among the young . But as the saffron farmers of Krokos export their wares to the rest of the European Union , the U.S. and beyond , it seems they have found golden opportunities in difficult times .	Villagers from Krokos , a small town in the northern Greece , pick saffron for a fortnight each year . Despite competing with produce from Iran and Spain , many chefs regard Greek saffron as the world 's best Dry weather has hit Greece 's saffron harvest producing just 1.5 tonnes this year .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ryanair attacked "  idiot " and "  lunatic " bloggers Wednesday after a customer highlighted what he said were flaws in the budget airline 's Web site . Jason Roe said he found the comments by Ryanair staffers offensive and was disappointed by the airline 's response . Dublin-based Web developer Jason Roe was booking plane tickets online when he discovered what he thought was a glitch that allowed him to book free Ryanair tickets . He duly posted details of the "  glitch " on his blog as well as a message on Twitter . Soon people were trying to replicate what he had done with little success , and he later confirmed that he was unable to book the tickets without paying . But among responses on his Web site were three purporting to be from Ryanair staff . One read : "  You 're an idiot and a liar !! fact is ! you 've opened one session then another and requested a page meant for a different session , you are so stupid you dont even know how you did it ! " Another said : "  Website is not perfect , Life is not perfect ... If you would work in your pathetic life on a such big project in a such busy environment with so little resources , you would know that the most important is to have usual user behavior scenarios working rather than spending time on improbable and harmless things . " Tell us what you think Roe said he later traced the IP addresses of the postings to the airline 's headquarters in Dublin , something Ryanair later confirmed to CNN . "  Ryanair can confirm that a Ryanair staff member did engage in a blog discussion , " said the airline 's spokesman Stephen McNamara . "  It is Ryanair policy not to waste time and energy in corresponding with idiot bloggers and Ryanair can confirm that it wo n't be happening again . Lunatic bloggers can have the blog sphere all to themselves as our people are far too busy driving down the cost of air travel . " Roe told CNN he was disappointed with Ryanair 's response . "  I was hoping the corporate response was n't in line with the staff members , whose comments I found offensive . This was n't a big issue and was really just a small problem ; they could have said they were working on it and they over-reacted . " "  You can only imagine how many customers they could lose by treating them like this , " he added . A spokesman for ABTA , which represents tour operators and travel agents , said the comments by Ryanair came as no surprise . "  They treat their customers with contempt . We know that Ryanair does n't put any store on customer relations , " said Frances Tuke . "  This is the way Ryanair conducts its business . Their clear goal is to provide cheap flights but we do n't believe this is the way to provide customer satisfaction . Our members do n't do this -- their customers expect a high level of service . "	Ryanair slams "  idiot , lunatic " bloggers after customer highlights flaws on Web site Roe found what he thought was glitch allowing him to book free tickets Airline staff members later posted abusive comments on Jason Roe 's blog Ryanair confirmed comments were by staff members , refused to apologize
CNN  -- Doctors frequently tell patients that they have to lose weight . But the majority of them do n't know how it feels to be overweight or what it really takes to lose weight . I do . Between my 17th and 19th birthday , I went from overweight teenager to lean adult by losing 99 pounds . I was a happy teenager from a loving family . Food never served as a substitute for happiness in my life , and I had no reason for comfort eating . My mother did n't like fast food and always cooked healthy meals . Knowing that , it seems absurd that I weighed 264 pounds at 16 . The reason for my weight gain was simple : I loved food  I still do !  , I ate way too much , and I hated exercise . Well , that 's not totally true . My friends and I were passionate soccer players -- sometimes I would even start sweating when my Xbox game got too exciting . "  If I do n't eat greasy fast-food , stay away from sweet soft drinks and avoid candies , I wo n't get fat , " I used to think . So while my brother was having two potatoes , I ate four . He would have enjoyed a glass of milk in the morning if I had n't already emptied the whole liter . He loved bread with some bacon ; I preferred a lot of bacon with some bread . If you eat more calories than your body needs you will gain weight . It 's as simple as that . We are constantly told to focus on what we 're eating , and yet we forget to think about how much we are eating . Of course , I got bullied for being overweight . When you 're fat , you 're a target . I struggled with the teasing in the beginning but got used to it very quickly . That was dangerous -- getting used to people picking on your size means you 're accustomed to being that size so there is no need for change . I would still be extremely obese right now if it was n't for a school trip to Paris in 2005 . I like French food and had a lot of it . But on the trip I got food poisoning and lost 7 pounds . Those 7 pounds were the spark that started the fire . I realized that sometimes you have to RSVP yes when life sends you an invitation for change . At first I thought : "  Cool , I lost 7 pounds . I will try not to regain that weight . " Then I remembered there was something called exercise , and that experts said it could help you lose weight . So I started using my mother 's elliptical machine . I worked out for 15 to 20 minutes every single day . I also tried to eat half of what I had eaten before . Instead of four potatoes I ate two ; instead of drinking a whole bottle of milk , I would only drink half of it . My body responded well : Within two years I had lost 99 pounds . If I had known I would eventually be writing a weight loss story for CNN , I would have gone for 100  . I realized that if you and your body are hungry for change , weight loss can be fun , instead of a burden . Luckily , I 've never encountered the dreaded yo-yo effect . I have maintained my slimmer figure for seven years now . I never stopped exercising . After you 've come so far , you do n't want to take a risk and regain the weight because of laziness . I purposefully gained 22 pounds working out in the gym because I wanted to build muscle . Now my 6-foot 4-inch frame weighs 187 pounds . My body mass index is 22 . There are countless books on how to lose weight . All the authors seem to have priceless pieces of advice they 've skillfully converted into cash . But in the end , I believe losing weight is a simple trade : You feed your body the right amount of food and exercise . In return , your body burns fat . Even your wallet gets a little lighter because you have to buy new clothes . After seven years of medical education , I have learned a lot about the health dangers of being overweight . I 'm glad I took life 's invitation to change as a teen . As a doctor who has been where they are , I hope to help others who are struggling with their weight do the same .	Felix Gussone started his weight loss journey after getting food poisoning in Paris He worked out every day for 20 minutes and halved his calorie intake He lost 99 pounds over the next two years and has maintained ever since
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are domestic relics of a bygone era when space travel was new and exciting and the world was buzzing with optimism about what could be . This Coney Island playground climbing frame is one of the larger items clogging the Kleeman family 's barn . NASA 's Apollo 11 moon landing 40 years ago reinvigorated demand for space-inspired mementoes that was stirring well before the start of the Space Age in the 1950s . Shops offered everything from rocket-shaped lamps , to skateboards , biscuit tins and toys emblazoned with stars and futuristic astronauts . Such was the excitement surrounding the momentous moon landing in 1969 that some were moved to create their own memorabilia in needlepoint and tin . See memorabilia of 1969 moon landing " Many early examples of space-inspired design , both professional and homemade , can now be found in a 100ft hay barn at the Kleeman family home in the U.S. state of Connecticut . They 're not on display -- yet -- but the family hopes to soon show the world what they call the "  Space Age Museum , " a collection of as many as 10,000 pieces inspired by humanity 's adventures in space . "  Everything started with a toy ray gun Peter and I bought at a flea market in Brimfield , Massachusetts 20 years ago for $ 10 , " John Kleeman said . "  We have never lost the excitement of that first find and since then we have continued our quest for cultural artifacts which tell the back story of the Space Age -- how ordinary folk like us experienced the magic , adventure and meaning of human space exploration . " Weekend trips to markets and auctions became more frequent and over time the collection grew to include more cumbersome items including a 40-foot promotional trailer based on the design of "  Terra IV , " a battle cruiser in the 1950s U.S. television series , "  Space Patrol . " "  They had a movie theatre inside so 40 people could sit inside it and watch a rocket launch , " John 's son Peter explained . "  We had to adjust the doors to the barn to fit it , but it 's in our barn now . " As the barn became more crowded , references to their "  collection " morphed into "  the museum " and their father-son hobby transformed into a potential business . "  It was kind of a ` some day ' kind of thing , " Peter said . "  My dad had a day job as an attorney and I was in college and we said some day we 'll create a museum so people can visit . " "  Then three or four years ago I was at a point where I 'd been working in the outdoors leading trips for youth at risk and thinking , "  Do I want to do this forever ? How am I going to fit this space museum into the picture some day ? ' I realized that I 'd like to do it now . " Since then , they 've been carefully peeling back layers of packaging and photographing their second-hand treasures for a digital catalogue . "  My mum is surprisingly and wonderfully supportive of all this , " Peter said . "  Because it 's a family business she always gets consulted , especially on large acquisitions . I think there have been some vetoes but there 's nothing that she 's vetoed that we wish that we 'd gotten . " Now 29 , Peter Kleeman travels back and forth from his parents ' house and his new home in New York to build the business . "  For now we 'd like to contract out our exhibits to other museums and then if funding and the right sponsorship came in we 'd be open to doing a permanent location so people could visit , " he said . For Peter , the Space Age Museum is not simply about nostalgia ; it 's an important reminder of the enthusiasm that once gripped the world about future frontiers that has slowly deflated with time . "  One of the questions I ask myself is , ` what would it take to turn that around and for us to have a more creative and adventurous optimism for the future , and get that pioneering spirit back in our culture ? ' " A mission to Mars might be one , he suggested , along with a long-term plan for future exploration . This museum curator is not in the camp that argues that money for space programs is better spent at home . "  A lot of people feel that because of our environment and different social and economic struggles that are going on in the planet that we should just focus all of our resources on fixing things here , " he said . "  I agree -- there 's a lot that 's not working on our planet . We should be taking care of each other but that should n't stop us from also exploring -- there 's a got to be a way to balance it . "  I think that knowing our place in the solar system and beyond helps give us perspective on who we are and where we are . I think it can be humbling and it also helps us remember how precious and rare our planet is and that we really need to protect it and manage its resources better . "	For more than 20 years the Kleeman family has collected space-inspired items Collection includes rocket-shaped lamps , old space toys , climbing frames Family preparing to launch the "  Space Age Museum " to display exhibits Kleeman : "  Knowing our place in the solar system helps give us perspective "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The "  crime scene cookies " , "  baaji custard " and "  sponge shafts " depicted in Oliver Beale 's letter of complaint to Virgin Atlantic struck a chord worldwide . Mean cuisine ? Airline industry experts insist standards of in-flight food are improving . The missive he sent to Virgin chairman Sir Richard Branson about a meal he received on board a Virgin flight from Mumbai to London in December spread across the web and email with a vengeance . Not only was this a complaint letter par excellence , but it hit upon one of the most emotive subjects of long-haul air travel : the in-flight meal . Read the letter here . "  Food gets everybody going , whether they are sitting at the back end or the front end of the plane , " says Peter Miller , marketing director at Skytrax , a UK-based aviation research organization . "  Apart from the sheer fact you might be hungry , it is there to alleviate the boredom . Because of that people tend to focus on it more . " But the criticism passengers target at airline food is not always warranted , Miller argues . Skytrax has been tracking airline service for a decade and every year it ranks airlines according to catering in economy , business and first class . Miller acknowledges that there have been cut backs on catering across short-haul flights and a decline in spending on food in long-haul economy . But Skytrax 's research has also revealed a general improvement in standards over the last five years . "  We are actually strong supporters of the overall quality that is served up across most airlines in most parts of the world , " says Miller . Standards have improved firstly as a result of greater competition between airline catering companies , says Miller . What do you think ? Are in-flight meals getting better or worse ? What was your worse meal ? Sound off below . Austrian catering company DO & CO has transformed the food served onboard Austrian Airlines and Turkish Airlines flights . Skytrax reported a 35 percent increase in customer satisfaction for Turkish Airlines since DO & CO was hired in 2007 . "  In the last 15-20 years , the industry has focused on lean production . But we believe -LSB- airline catering -RSB- is not the job of a car manufacturer , " says Attila Dogudan , CEO of DO & CO. . Good quality airline food not only depends on the quality of raw ingredients , he says , but also the intangible elements of good cuisine . "  If you have chefs doing 3,000 filets on the grill , after 300 they lose the passion , " says Dogudan . To inspire enthusiasm in its kitchens , DO & CO says it employs an unusually high ratio of chefs to work on a greater variety of dishes . They say they also insist on training cabin staff in food service ; they replace the dreaded disposable food trays with crockery ; and give passengers menus explaining where their fresh , local ingredients come from . Airlines also use food as a marketing tool and improve standards to attract premium customers . Austrian Airlines has won the Skytrax award for Best Business Class Catering for the last two years . As Michael Braun , spokesman at Austrian Airlines says , "  the current situation in the airline industry is tough and costs have to be cut . But the competition is also very tough , so we need something that makes us unique compared to other airlines . " And for Austrian Airlines , one unique selling point is its food . There is an on-board chef on every Austrian Airlines flight who puts the crucial finishing touches on premium-class meals . The airline also offers a "  Vienna coffee house in the air " and one quarter of flight attendants are trained sommeliers to guide passengers through the extensive wine list . Airlines worldwide also hire celebrity chefs to add prestige to their culinary efforts . British chef , Gordon Ramsay is one of Singapore Airline 's "  Culinary Panel " ; Juan Amador works with Lufthansa ; and United Airlines enlisted the services of U.S. chef Charlie Trotter to inspire its in-flight menu . Chefs help airlines design meals that perform at high altitude . As Michelle Bernstein , Delta 's celebrity chef has said , palates weaken in pressurized air cabins , which means dishes need to be made a more flavorful and seasoned than they would be on the ground . Miller at SkyTrax is skeptical about the true benefits a celebrity chef can bring to onboard catering . After all , Gordon Ramsay is n't actually in the cabin sauting the potatoes . But he does acknowledge that some chefs have influenced a new style of in-flight cuisine . Chef Neil Perry , hired by Qantas in 2003 , initiated a move to healthy eating in first and business class . His work has since influenced standards across catering in all classes . Qantas won the Skytrax award for Best Economy Class Catering in 2008 partly as a result of simple enhancements such as the availability of fresh fruit between meals and from the self-serve bar in economy on its A380 aircraft . But as airlines grapple with a deepening recession , can passengers expect treats to vanish from food trays ? Across short-haul flights , making cuts is an "  easier game , " says Miller . Passengers notice it far less if an airline switches a sandwich for a packet of biscuits and a plastic cup of coffee , he says . But on long-haul flights , airlines are restrained in what they can cut . Miller : "  People measure the standard of their flight by the quality of the food or the size of the portion they get . If a meal is cut back too severely they are going to walk away . " How important is food for you on flights ? Is it good enough ? Sound off below .	In-flight food has been the butt of much criticism for the airline industry Industry experts say quality is improving despite some budget cutbacks Airline food is back in focus after a six-page rant from a Virgin passenger The complaint letter referred to the passenger 's "  culinary journey of hell "
Maram scrunches up her little nose and pauses as she remembers . The eight-year-old was daddy 's favorite . "  When he was going to work he was shot , " she says . By whom , no one can say for sure , but Syria 's merciless war does not differentiate between combatant and civilian -- and it is leaving behind countless children like Maram who have lost one or both parents along with their innocence . "  I saw him when they brought him to the house when he was dead , " Maram continues . "  I said ` God have mercy on you ' and I prayed . " She has an inquisitive , heart-shaped face . She listens intently to our questions , and often stops to think before answering . "  I would see him in my dreams , I would see him giving someone something or taking someone somewhere . I used to see him , but now I do n't anymore . " She is one of around 34 children between the ages of two and 10 who live during the week at the Beyti Orphanage in southwest Turkey , near the Syrian border . Their fathers are all dead -- some lost to illness and some , like Maram 's dad , to the violence consuming Syria . Their mothers , refugees in Turkey , ca n't afford to properly clothe and feed them . At Beyti there is bath time , fresh clothes , and beds to sleep on . There are toys to replace those that the children had to leave behind , regular hot healthy meals , and clean water to wash with . Maram and her friend Mohammed whisper next to me on the couch . He pulls a tie out of his pocket . "  Someone was giving them out , " he explains . The pair erupt in giggles as Maram tries to put it on him . Her father had taught her how to tie the knot , but she does n't really remember . "  Are you guys best friends ? " I ask . "  We 're not friends , we 're siblings , " Mohammed replies . Maram looks at me , her eyes open wide , and she smiles . "  He considers himself my brother , " she tells me . "  We 're all family here , " another child pipes in . The Beytin Orphage , which opened in September , was established by the Maram Foundation . It was named not the little girl we met , but for another of the same name who was paralyzed from the waist down by a shrapnel wound to her spine . "  We 're trying to raise our children away from all of the ideologies happening inside Syria , " Beyti 's co-founder Yakzan Shishakly tells us , alluding to the radical extremist violent Muslim ideology that is thriving in his homeland . "  And we also want to give them the right to have a normal life away from the war because of the regime . " The focus here is not only on trying to create a "  normal " environment , but also on helping these children heal from the trauma they witnessed . "  There were some cases that were very obvious , those were the cases of anger and aggression , " says Mayada Abdi , head of the orphanage , describing some of the children who have come to Beyti since it opened . Maram was very solitary when she first arrived , preferring to stay alone . "  She would remember things that were beautiful memories that were taken from her , especially those that were tied to her father , all her trips , " Abdi says . "  All her stories are about her father . So you would often find her sitting remembering those times . " Nothing can alter the inexplicable pain brought into these children 's lives by violence that defies logic , from a war they are too young to understand . But at least here they have a chance to perhaps move past it and salvage what they can of their childhood . Maram , for one , is already looking to the future . "  I want to be an Arabic teacher , " she says . "  Back home in Syria . "	Thousands of children have lost one or both parents during Syria 's brutal civil war The Beytin Orphanage in southwest Turkey was established in September by the Maram Foundation "  We 're trying to raise our children away from all of the ideologies happening inside Syria , " Beyti 's co-founder says
A charge of making a false bomb threat has been dropped against a man who carried a backpack containing a rice cooker near a crowd marking the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings in April , prosecutors said Wednesday . Investigators dropped the charge because they say the suspect , Kevin Edson , 25 , did not communicate an "  overt threat that an incendiary device would be detonated , " Jake Wark , a spokesman for the Suffolk County district attorney , told CNN . Edson was arrested after carrying the backpack with a rice cooker near the finish line on Boylston Street in Boston while survivors of the 2013 bombing were commemorating its anniversary on April 15 . In the 2013 attack , two pressure-cooker bombs exploded , killing three people and wounding at least 264 others . A barefoot Edson , carrying a backpack and wearing black clothes with a veil and hat covering his face , screamed and yelled near the end of the anniversary event on Boylston Street , drawing officers ' attention , police said . Wark said prosecutors decided to drop the charge after reviewing statements Edson made at the scene as well as video shot by onlookers . Edson still faces charges of disturbing the peace , disorderly conduct , disturbing a public assembly and possession or use of a hoax device . His next court date is scheduled for August 27 . The charge of making a false bomb threat carried the most severe sentence upon conviction -- up to 20 years in prison . Possession or use of a hoax device carries a maximum sentence of five years , Wark said . A judge in April set bail at $ 100,000 for Edson . The judge also ordered Edson , also known as Kayvon Edson , to be seen at a state hospital that evaluates defendants ' sanity after a mental health professional told the judge that Edson has a history of psychiatric disturbances . Defense attorney Shannon Lopez did not immediately return calls seeking comment . How can you keep 26.2 miles safe ?	Kevin Edson , 25 , was charged with making a false bomb threat and other offenses Police say Edson had a rice cooker in a pack near a crowd recalling bombing anniversary Prosecutors drop a charge of making a false bomb threat against him He did not make an "  overt threat that an incendiary device would be detonated , " official says
CNN  -- U.S. Navy ships loaded with supplies for victims of Myanmar 's cyclone will sail away from the country 's coast on Thursday , after the ruling junta refused for three weeks to allow them to deliver aid . U.S. ships steam in formation off the coast of Myanmar on May 23 . Adm. Timothy Keating said the USS Essex group would leave the shores of Myanmar , also known as Burma , on Thursday , but that he would leave several heavy lift aircraft in Thailand to assist international relief efforts . "  We have made at least 15 attempts to convince the Burmese government to allow our ships , helicopters and landing craft to provide additional disaster relief for the people of Burma , but they have refused us each and every time , " Keating said in a statement Wednesday . Cyclone Nargis made landfall early last month , killing more than 77,000 people in the southeastern Asian country , according to a United Nations estimate . Some 55,000 others are missing , the United Nations said , and as many as 500,000 to 600,000 people , mainly in the Irrawaddy Delta region , have had to be relocated . The White House issued a statement Wednesday saying more than a million victims have yet to receive assistance . Watch a discussion of Myanmar 's handling of the crisis " "  I am both saddened and frustrated to know that we have been in a position to help ease the suffering of hundreds of thousands of people and help mitigate further loss of life , but have been unable to do so because of the unrelenting position of the Burma military junta , " Keating said . Myanmar leaders did grant permission for U.S. planes to deliver aid , a total of 106 plane-loads of supplies worth more than $ 26 million . Transportation cost about $ 6.8 million , it said . But the junta never gave permission for the United States to distribute the aid directly to the storm victims , prompting questions about whether some of the assistance went astray . Last weekend , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon guided a conference of 52 donor nations in Myanmar , where countries pledged in excess of $ 100 million to help Myanmar recover -- and said they are willing to open up their wallets further once aid groups are granted access to the worst-affected areas . The country 's government had asked for $ 11 billion in assistance , saying that the relief phase of the disaster was already over and that it needed the money for reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts . More than a month after the cyclone struck , more than 1 million people affected have received help , Elisabeth Byrs of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said on Tuesday . She added that aid has reached nearly half of the people in the Irrawaddy Delta . However , she said , "  There remains a serious lack of sufficient and sustained humanitarian assistance . " On Tuesday , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said that the United States would continue to push to get emergency supplies to the country 's victims . "  We are not going to abandon those ... people , " McCormack said . Of the Navy ships leaving the area , he said , they "  are needed elsewhere and there is no rational expectation at this point we will be effectively able to use those assets in an humanitarian relief operation . " "  Our folks will do the forensics on that to see if there are any lessons learned , " McCormack said . "  We think that to the extent that there has been significant loss of life that we as well as others could have reduced that number had we been allowed to act more quickly with a large-scale intervention . " CNN 's Charley Keyes and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. ships to leave area Thursday , admiral says ; some planes will stay NEW : Adm. Timothy Keating says he 's frustrated that aid was refused Myanmar junta leaders did not grant permission for U.S. Navy ships to deliver aid U.S. will keep pushing efforts to get emergency supplies to victims , despite rebuff
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Ike made landfall on the north coast of eastern Cuba Sunday as a Category 3 storm that weather experts were calling a "  major hurricane . " The eye of the hurricane made landfall in the province of Holguin near Punto de Sama , with maximum winds near 125 mph . Earlier Sunday , Ike hit Turks and Caicos Islands , leaving a trail of devastation . Rains and flooding from Ike also killed at least 73 people in Haiti . "  It pretty much looks like an episode of ` The Twilight Zone , ' " said Audley Aftwood , a reporter for a radio station on Grand Turk Island . "  It 's like the end of the world . " Aftwood estimated at least 90 percent of homes he saw on the island were missing roofs and hundreds , if not thousands , of people had been made homeless . "  This is definitely similar to Katrina in New Orleans or worse , " Aftwood said . "  It 's going to take years to bring this island back to the way it was . " Watch Aftwood describe the damage " The possibility of similar devastation prompted state and local officials in Florida and Louisiana to prepare for what may be the third major storm to affect the Gulf Coast in less than a month . "  Let 's hope it 's all a false alarm , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Sunday as he preemptively issued a state of emergency . His state is still recovering from Hurricane Gustav ; more than 370,000 people there are still without power , nearly a week after Gustav made landfall , he said . "  There continues to be much uncertainty about the predicted track , " he said of Ike . On Sunday , President Bush declared a state of emergency in Florida . The hurricane 's outer bands could start affecting the Florida Keys by Monday afternoon . Watch Floridians react to the threat of Ike " Evacuations began in the Lower Florida Keys and Key West at 8 a.m. Residents of the Upper Keys and mainland Monroe County began evacuating at 4 p.m. Keys residents can evacuate their pets to a shelter at Florida International University as long as the pet is properly caged , Monroe County Emergency Management Director Irene Toner said in a statement . Watch residents prepare to evacuate " About 15,000 tourists left the area Saturday as a hurricane watch was issued for the Florida Keys from Ocean Reef southward , Key West Mayor Morgan McPherson said . iReport.com : Fleeing the Keys as Ike nears "  We understand the inconvenience to the residents , to the tourists , to the businesses , " Monroe County Administrator Roman Gastesi said . "  But this one is just too close , folks . It 's just too close to say , ` Bunker down and we 'll be OK . ' " At 11 p.m. ET , Ike had sustained winds near 120 mph  195 kph  , with higher gusts . It was located about 135 miles  100 km  west of Cabo Lucrecia , Cuba . The storm was moving westward at about 13 mph  20 kph  , and forecasters expect it continue on that track and turn west-northwest Monday . Ike has raised fears about flooding , as rain from Tropical Storm Hanna saturated the ground when it struck last week , he said . The hurricane 's eye never touched Haiti . But the storm system did bring heavy rains and winds . Jean Pierre Guiteau , executive director for the Red Cross in Haiti , said 52 people were killed when a river burst its banks in the mountain town of Cabaret -- not far from the capital Port Au Prince . Watch groups struggle to deliver aid to Haiti " He said those people died in their homes or as they tried to flee surging flood waters . Another 10 people were missing in the town and 22 people were injured . Another 21 bodies -- presumably those of fishermen -- were pulled from the sea at Fort Liberte , Haiti , close to the border with the Dominican Republic . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Guiteau said . "  Things certainly are getting no better . " Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , at a news conference Saturday , urged residents to begin evacuating the Florida Keys Sunday morning . "  We continue to watch with much concern the track of Hurricane Ike , " Crist said . "  Ike has grown rapidly into a dangerous storm . " Miami-Dade County has not issued an evacuation order and has not opened shelters , Mayor Carlos Alvarez said Sunday , noting that plans are subject to change . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Rains and flooding from Hurricane Ike kill at least 73 people in Haiti NEW : Ike makes landfall on north coast in province of Holguin as Category 3 storm Ike tears up Turks and Caicos , drawing comparisons to damage from Katrina Evacuation order prompts 15,000 tourists to flee Keys , mayor says
CNN  -- Glasgow Rangers , one of European football 's most famous clubs , must play in the fourth flight of their domestic league next season , Scottish Football League  SFL  clubs decided Friday . The 30 clubs were asked to vote on admitting the most successful club in their country to the SFL and in which division they should be placed . Cash-strapped Rangers went into administration earlier this year and a new company was formed to allow them to continue as a professional team . They were subsequently expelled from the Scottish Premier League  SPL  and had to turn to the lesser SFL for next season . Why Rangers ' financial meltdown should worry European football At a news conference at Glasgow 's Hampden Park , it was announced that 25 of the 30 clubs had voted for Rangers to start the 2012-13 season in the SFL Third Division . "  It has been a very , very important day for Scottish football , " SFL chief executive David Longmuir told a press conference . "  We have voted to willingly accept Rangers as an associate member of the SFL  29 out of 30 clubs in favor "  The only acceptable position will be to place Rangers FC into the Third Division from that start of this season , 2012/13 . This decision followed a tried and tested process "  Today 's decision has been one of the most difficult for all concerned but it has been taken in the best interest of sporting fairness , which is the fundamental principle of the SFL . " But that decision is likely to have severe financial implications for Scottish football , which has struggled to attract the cash lavished on the English Premier League  EPL  south of the border . As one of its two great clubs , part of the famous "  Old Firm " with Glasgow rivals Celtic , was facing up to years in the wilderness , the EPL sealed a sponsorship deal with Barclays Bank worth # 40 million  $ 62.18 million  . The three year deal is a near 50 per cent increase on the previous sums paid by Barclays and follows a month after the EPL improved a 70 per cent increase in the value of its domestic television rights to more than # 3 billion  $ 4.67 B  over three years to 2016 . By contrast , the sponsorship and television deals for Scottish football are comparatively modest . A new five year television deal for the SPL , starting from the 2012-13 season , will bring in # 80 million  $ 124.5 m  . Derby matches between Rangers and Celtic , who traditionally battle for the honors in the SPL , are the main attraction for Scottish football fans and armchair viewers . Reports have suggested that the new TV deal may even founder if a certain number of Old Firm matches can not be guaranteed . Rangers have also been regulars in the European Champions League since its inception . They won the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1972 and as recently as 2008 were runners-up in the UEFA Cup  Now Europa League  . SPL chief executive Neil Doncaster and his Scottish Football Association counterpart Stewart Regan both lobbied for Rangers to be placed in the SFL Division One so they could secure a quick return to the top flight , but their pleas were ignored . Rangers went into administration on February 14 this year following court action from UK tax officials . Businessman Charles Green purchased the assets of the club for # 5.5 million  $ 8.55 m  and they were transferred into a new company in June . Several leading players have since left the 54-time Scottish champions , claiming their contracts were effectively annulled when the new company was founded . Reacting to the SFL decision , Green said : "  We are grateful to be accepted as members of the SFL and accept their decision to vote us into Division 3 . "  This decision maintains the sporting integrity that clubs and fans across Scotland have been calling for but it also impacts massively on Scottish football as a whole and only time will tell what the consequences will be . "  We are a football club and we just want to get back to playing football . Now is the time to move on and start afresh . "	Rangers to play in Scottish fourth flight next season Clubs from Scottish Football League voted on the issue Friday Glasgow giants were liquidated at the end of last season New company were expelled from the Scottish Premier League
CNN  -- For incoming Prime Minister Narendra Modi , securing India 's energy needs over the next decade ranks among his greatest challenges and one that will likely see him both compete and cooperate with China , the United States and Russia . These three are the world 's biggest energy consumers , with India in fourth spot . For all of them , energy security is a constant goal , driving their search for new resources , new technology and new investment opportunities around the globe . The U.S. has its shale bonanza , while China has led the way with an aggressive array of international deals , covering everything from shale gas in North America , pipelines across Myanmar , stakes in Russian liquefied natural gas  LNG  projects and Caspian Sea oil and gas . India has been able to secure coal assets in Australia , Indonesia and Africa , and some good oil and gas assets in the Middle East and the Americas . But Chinese companies such as China National Petroleum Corp.  CNPC  have had the muscle and the money to outbid Indian rival Oil & Natural Gas Corp.  ONGC  for some of the most prospective oil and gas opportunities . In energy infrastructure such as international pipelines , China is way ahead of India , with a network of lines from Turkmenistan , Kazakhstan , Russia and Myanmar that delivers a steady supply of oil and gas . How Modi handles India 's energy situation and the relationships he forges with Russia , China and the U.S. may well define his administration . Keeping up with demand According to the International Energy Agency 's latest World Energy Outlook , India will overtake China in the 2020s as the principal source of growth in global energy demand . By 2025 India will be the world 's biggest coal importer . Modi prides himself that electricity is always on in his home state of Gujarat , where large coal-fired power stations run by groups such as Adani and Tata help deliver a surplus of power . That is certainly not the case for many other parts of the country -- more than 300 million people lack access to electricity , and a massive outage in July 2012 saw another 600 million across the northern , eastern and central parts of India lose power for two days . There are constant problems with energy infrastructure , ranging from the stability of the grid to supply-demand imbalances and illegal connections . Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  identifies energy as a "  national security issue " in its policy manifesto , and says economic growth must not be "  negatively impacted " by energy supply issues . If Modi is to achieve his goal of every Indian citizen having access to a house with water and power by 2022-23 , then energy security becomes of paramount importance . The role of renewables such as solar and wind is expected to grow in India 's energy mix , but coal will remain the backbone of power generation until at least 2025 , supported by oil and gas , hydro and nuclear power . Even with extensive coal deposits at home -- state-owned Coal India Ltd is the world 's single biggest coal producer with an output of 462 million metric tons in the financial year that ended on March 31 -- India 's domestic energy sources run well below demand . That means it must import thermal coal from suppliers such as Australia and Indonesia , oil and gas from the Middle East and Africa , and uranium from Russia , France and Kazakhstan . By the end of this decade , LNG from North America will enter India 's supply equation . Divide and conquer Diversity of fuel types and suppliers is a key part of Modi 's energy security platform , which is why he wants to explore options such as a gas pipeline from Russia . There is a long-standing proposal to bring in gas from the Central Asian nation of Turkmenistan through a pipeline that would cross Pakistan and Afghanistan . This is the TAPI pipeline , which has been on the books for almost 20 years but has been stalled by the geopolitics of India-Pakistan hostility and the long-running conflict in Afghanistan . Another proposed pipeline from Iran to India would also have to cross Pakistan , rendering both projects problematic for now . That makes a Russian pipeline running through its Altai region into northwest China and then to northern India a possibility , albeit a costly one . During their annual summit in Moscow last October , Russian President Vladimir Putin and Modi 's prime ministerial predecessor Manmohan Singh agreed to delve further into land-based hydrocarbon supply options such as the pipeline . Modi says India-Russia relations have stood the test of time , and he wants to further strengthen them , which suggests that India may be keen to buy more Russian oil and gas in future . Price and delivery options will be the usual sticking points . Modi says China is a country he can do business with , but energy competition between the two is likely to remain high . India is partnering with Vietnam to explore for oil in the same South China Sea waters where China 's recent oil rig movements have brought China-Vietnam relations to an unhappy low . For its part , China says it is willing to make joint efforts with the new Indian government and "  bring the China-India strategic partnership to a new height . " India-U.S. relations should improve under Modi 's pro-business outlook . His "  minimum government , maximum governance " approach resonates with President Barack Obama , who has already invited Modi to visit the U.S. Domestic supply Indian companies such as Mukesh Ambani 's Reliance Industries and state-run gas utility GAIL have invested in the U.S. shale sector to gain exposure to the new technologies being used there . Some of this may be translated back to India 's nascent shale gas sector , where recent estimates by the U.S. Energy Information Administration suggest India has 2.7 trillion cubic meters  tcm  of risked , technically recoverable resources . In comparison , the United States has 33 tcm and China 31.5 tcm . Argentina , Algeria , Canada , Mexico and Australia also have potentially large fields , as do Russia , Brazil and South Africa . The reality is that the hydraulic fracturing or "  fracking " technique used to unlock shale reserves is highly water-intensive , meaning that India 's chronic water shortage will have a big bearing on how many shale fields are developed . Still , Modi 's policy is clear : India will not put all its energy eggs in one basket , and developing its domestic supply capacity is a priority .	How India 's new PM handles the nation 's energy may define his administration , says Hiscock Modi is likely to compete and cooperate with other major energy consumers India is expected to overtake China as the main source of growth in global energy demand Developing India 's domestic supply capacity is a priority for the prime minister
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Tired of all the squawking about America 's unemployment ? Try out for a job as a corporate duck . People are lining up in six major cities to audition Monday and Tuesday to be the next quacksperson for the insurance company Aflac . The scene in Atlanta was like the duck itself : grating , conspicuous , and most of all loud . "  Let me hear a duck skydiving , " said casting director Brian Beagle . "  Aflaaaaac ! " cried Sandy Smith , 54 , of Birmingham , Alabama , in her most terrified duck voice . One by one , the hopefuls waddled through , putting their ducks in a row as much as one can for a job limited by one bird and his one word . The contenders were allowed to grunt , groan and mutter , but their only word began with "  A " and rhymed with quack . They quacked like Donald . They quacked like Daffy . They quacked shy , shrill , scared and silly . Recorders rolled as the wannabes channeled their inner ducks to quack like a duck in love ... a duck answering the phone ... a duck singing about being in love ... a duck on a wire ... a duck flying by ... a duck getting bad news ... another duck in love . Ducks fearful and ducks overjoyed . Traci Naman , 42 , of Atlanta did n't wait for a prompt to let loose her quackery . "  I figured he might have an evil twin , " she said of the Aflac icon . "  And I thought it was time for him to have a girlfriend too . " "  Let 's hear a conversation between those three , " Beagle said . "  You 're the first person to present multiple ducks ! " The six-figure voice-over job with benefits opened up after Aflac fired comedian Gilbert Gottfried for his fowl , er foul , Twitter comments regarding the Japan earthquake . The comedian later apologized . Aflac plans to screen about 1,000 live auditions and 12,000 online submissions , with the company 's new duck scheduled to quack out a new ad later this month . The duck , said company spokesman Jon Sullivan , perches high on Aflac 's organizational chart . "  Everyone is secondary to the duck because the duck is such an amazing campaign , " he said . "  In the 10 years we 've had the duck , our brand identification has gone from slightly more than 10 percent to 92 percent . " Several wannabes compared the odds of getting the job of official squawker to the odds of winning the lottery . Naman , an account manager for 14 years and unemployed for two years , felt triumphant simply by auditioning . "  I 've sent out applications and gone to job fairs and it 's like throwing your resume into a black hole , " she said . "  Companies have done a good job of building a wall to keep people out . Just getting this job interview is like winning the lottery . " The long-shot duck gig represented a brass ring to others . The last interview for Wayne Cobb -- a roofing contractor in Stockbridge , Georgia -- was when he was 18 . The 61-year-old contestant calmed his pre-quack jitters by rehearsing in front of his grandchildren with a duck puppet . "  It might sound corny , but this job would let me do some landscaping around my church that we do n't have the funding to take care of , " he said . The high stakes prompted Lori A. Preston , 44 , to pop peppermints to keep her gullet from quacking hoarse . After her audition , she admitted her work experience with ducks was limited . "  Other than feed them and seeing the water roll off their back , that 's about it , " she said . "  But they -LSB- casting directors -RSB- asked me to make the duck my own , and that felt really comfortable . " Each audition lasted only minutes , and almost everyone left smiling . Leonard Bates , 56 , a retired FedEx shipping agent , felt good as he ducked out . He waved to those in the waiting room and said , "  Let the best quacker win . "	Hundreds of people are quacking their hearts out in auditions to be the Aflac duck They 're quacking like ducks in love , answering the phone or getting bad news Winner gets a six-figure salary and benefits for their quacking perfection New duck replaces comedian Gilbert Gottfried , who was fired for tweets about Japan
A gunman in an Afghan National Army uniform and another man shot dead two NATO soldiers at a combat outpost in southern Afghanistan Thursday , authorities said . The dead soldiers were Americans , according to Niaz Mohammad Sarhadi , the district chief in Kandahar province , where the shooting happened . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , however , did not immediately specify the service members ' nationalities . Thursday 's shooting was the third at a base or government building since news emerged that U.S. troops mistakenly burned Qurans and other religious materials early last week -- an incident that has sparked outrage , protests , and violence across Afghanistan . All three shootings were carried out by men in official clothing . Four Americans were killed in the earlier attacks . If the troops killed Thursday are indeed American , that would bring the death toll from the three attacks to six . A top U.S. lawmaker last month cited at least 42 attacks by Afghan security forces on their international allies in the past five years . Rep. Buck McKeon , who chairs the Armed Services Committee , said 39 of the attacks were by members of the Afghan National Security Force and three were by contractors . "  Though less than 1 % of Afghan forces and security guards have attacked coalition forces , this is 42 attacks too many and the new process must do better , " he said at a congressional hearing . Most attackers were acting on their own , rather than being puppets of insurgent groups , defense officials testified . France suspended its operations in Afghanistan after four French soldiers were killed by Afghan counterparts in eastern Kapisa province in January . That shooting came after another Afghan soldier killed two French soldiers in December . "  The French army is not in Afghanistan to be shot at by Afghan soldiers , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said after the shootings . Coalition forces responding to Thursday 's incident killed the two gunmen , said Capt. Justin Brockhoff , an ISAF spokesman . Sarhadi said one gunman was an Afghan National Army soldier and the other , dressed in civilian clothes , was a teacher who formerly ran literacy courses for Afghan army soldiers . Afghan civilians are sometimes used to teach Afghan soldiers English to improve their ability to work alongside ISAF . It appeared that the teacher had been planning the attack for at least a year , Sarhadi said , because officials found pictures and other documents related to the Taliban among his possessions . U.S. officials have called the Quran burning an error by troops who were inadvertently given the Qurans and other religious materials to dispose of because they were thought to contain extremist inscriptions . U.S. President Barack Obama has apologized for the burning . Still , gunmen have targeted U.S. troops in the days following the burning . A man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform killed two American soldiers at a base in eastern Nangarhar province early last week . Over the weekend , two senior U.S. officers were gunned down inside the heavily secure Afghan Interior Ministry when a junior intelligence officer turned his gun on them . The gunman , who had been fired by the ministry but recently rejoined as a driver , is still on the loose . The incident prompted the United States to pull military advisers and embedded civilians from Afghan ministries , and France announced it was temporarily withdrawing all of its public officials in Afghan institutions to ensure their safety . The unrest following the Quran burning has left at least 41 people dead , including the two deaths Thursday , and hundreds more wounded . At least nine people were killed and 12 wounded in an explosion Monday near the front gate of the ISAF base at Jalalabad airport in eastern Afghanistan . There were no NATO casualties in the bombing . The Taliban insurgency said the attack was in retaliation for the Quran burning . In northern Kunduz province over the weekend , protesters attacked a police chief 's office and a U.S. military base , Afghan and U.S. authorities said . Some threw hand grenades at the base , known as Combat Outpost Fortitude , and the resulting blasts wounded seven U.S. personnel believed to be Special Forces members , they said . Demonstrations outside the United Nations office in Kunduz on Saturday left four civilians dead and prompted the U.N. mission there to say Monday that it is temporarily relocating its international staff . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday the unrest and targeting of Americans has gotten "  out of hand " and needs to stop . The Obama administration feels the Afghans have not done enough to stem the violence , according to a senior U.S. official who has access to the latest intelligence and is involved in administration discussions , but declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the situation . "  We are not going to settle for what has happened to our troops in recent days , " the official said . The U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , Ryan Crocker , maintained Sunday that the Afghan security forces have given their lives to control the demonstrations and protect U.S. installations . Crocker said the Afghans "  are very much in this fight trying to protect us . " After the Interior Ministry shooting , Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , an ISAF spokesman , said the United States would not let the incident divide the coalition .	Afghan official says the victims were Americans The shootings are part of a spike in violence after the burning of Qurans by NATO troops Two U.S. soldiers were gunned down last week at a base in eastern Afghanistan Coalition forces have pulled staff from Afghan ministries after the Interior Ministry shooting
When assuming office , every government official must take an oath to abide by and uphold our Constitution . Since 2010 , I have made that my mission in Congress . Unfortunately , the Obama administration is not upholding nor abiding by the Constitution -- in fact , this administration is going to great lengths to continually violate it . Its most recent transgression involves the use of domestic drones . These small drones are to be used as a crime fighting tool for law enforcement officials . But is unwarranted and constant surveillance by an aerial eye of Big Government the answer ? In a memorandum issued by President Barack Obama 's secretary of the Air Force , the stated purpose of these drones is "  balancing ... obtaining intelligence information ... and protecting individual rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution . " However , flying over our homes , farms , ranches and businesses and spying on us while we conduct our everyday lives is not an example of protecting our rights . It is an example of violating them . The domestic use of drones to spy on Americans clearly violates the Fourth Amendment and limits our rights to personal privacy . I do not want a drone hovering over my house , taking photos of whether I separate my recyclables from my garbage . Poll : Do n't use drones for speeding tickets When I have friends over for a barbecue , the government drone is not on the invitation list . I do not want a drone monitoring where I go , what I do and for how long I do whatever it is that I 'm doing . I do not want a nanny state watching over my every move . We should not be treated like criminals or terrorists while we are simply conducting our everyday lives . We should not have our rights infringed upon by unwarranted police-state tactics . I have introduced legislation into the Senate that restates the Constitution . This bill protects individual privacy against unwarranted governmental intrusion through the use of these drones . The Preserving Freedom from Unwarranted Surveillance Act of 2012 will protect Americans ' personal privacy by forcing the government to honor our Fourth Amendment rights . I want to make it clear that I am not arguing against the use of technology . But like other tools used to collect information in law enforcement , a warrant needs to be issued to use drones domestically . The police force should have the power to collect intelligence ; however , I believe they must go through a judge and request a warrant to do so . The judicial branch must have some authority over drones , as they do with other law enforcement tools . My bill will restate the Fourth Amendment and protect American 's privacy by forcing police officials to obtain a warrant before using domestic drones . There are some exceptions within this bill , such as the patrol of our national borders , when immediate action is needed to prevent "  imminent danger to life , " and when we are under a high risk of a terrorist attack . Otherwise , the government must have probable cause that led them to ask for a warrant before the use of drones is permitted . If the warrant is not obtained , this act would allow any person to sue the government . This act also specifies that no evidence obtained or collected in violation of this act can be admissible as evidence in a criminal , civil or regulatory action . Allowing domestic drones to act as spies for the government is a complete violation of our basic right to personal privacy . Unrestricted drone surveillance conjures up images reminiscent of Orwell 's "  1984 " -- a totalitarian police-state . According to the Fourth Amendment , "  The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated . " I am sure our police force had good intentions with their suggested drone policies , but do they understand the consequences ? Do they realize that they are allowing the government to act as the eye in the sky ? By infringing upon our rights and watching over our every move , the government is not going to protect us , but they will push us one more step closer to completely losing our Fourth Amendment rights . My bill will protect individual privacy against governmental intrusion by these drones and establish a balance by requiring judicial action and allowing protection in court . I am confident that my colleagues in the Senate will agree with this bill . Each and every one of us took the same oath to abide by and uphold our Constitution . The Preserving Freedom from Unwarranted Surveillance Act does just that . Overheard on CNN.com : Unmanned drones ignite domestic surveillance debate Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Sen. Rand Paul says surveillance drones in the U.S. could track everyday activity He says it 's a violation of the Constitution to spy with drones without approval by a judge Rand Paul says police should be able to get approval for limited use of drones He says legislation is need to reaffirm the rules set out in the Constitution
CNN  -- Two men charged with murder and another being held on armed robbery charges escaped early Saturday from a rural Alabama county jail , a local sheriff said . The three were locked down together in a single cell around 2 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  when one started screaming , saying another of them was very sick , Choctaw County Sheriff Tom Abate said . The jailer looked through a porthole , saw someone vomiting , then opened the cell door . When he did , the inmates jumped the jailer , stole his keys and cell phone , then fled on foot , according to Abate . Local authorities using tracking dogs tracked the escaped inmates about one-quarter mile away down State Highway 17 in Butler , Alabama , where Abate said they were either picked up or had a vehicle waiting for them . The two escapees who were being held on capital murder charges , for separate incidents , are 23-year-old Demarcus Woodward for allegedly fatally shooting a work release inmate and 32-year-old Gemayel Culbert for his involvement in the killing of two people at a private club in northern Choctaw County . The other escapee is Terrell Gordon , 23 , who is charged with armed robbery in connection with a convenience store theft . Alabama 's state Bureau of Investigation , U.S. Marshals from Mobile and local authorities all have roles in the manhunt . The jailer who these inmates allegedly choked was treated and released at an area hospital , Abate said Saturday morning . Choctaw County , with population of fewer than 14,000 , is in southwestern Alabama , bordering Mississippi . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : State Bureau of Investigation , U.S. Marshals involved in the manhunt 3 inmates are held in one cell ; 1 screams , says another is sick , sheriff says The inmates jump a jailer , then fled on foot , the Choctaw County Sheriff adds The jailer , who was allegedly choked , was treated at a nearby hospital , he says
CNN  -- FIFA has launched an investigation into two international friendly matches held in Turkey last week that yielded seven penalties amid claims of heavy betting patterns . Bolivia beat Latvia 2-1 in the resort of Antalya hours before Bulgaria and Estonia played out a 2-2 draw on the same ground . All the goals scored came from the penalty spot . "  We can confirm that FIFA has requested the match report from the federations , " a FIFA spokesperson told CNN . "  At the moment we do n't have much more information . We can only say we have started an investigation and we require the reports from all federations . " Spokesman Mihkel Uiboleht said last Thursday that his Estonian Football Association had been informed about "  possible manipulation " after the matches . "  The friendly was organized by an agency with whom we will not work any more , " he said in quotes reported by the UK Press Association . "  We received information of possible manipulation even before the game as the same agency also organized the match between Latvia and Bolivia and there was the same scenario there . "	FIFA to investigate two international friendlies amid claims of heavy betting patterns The matches , Bolivia versus Latvia and Bulgaria-Estonia , produced seven penalties Football 's world ruling body confirms it has asked for the match reports Estonian FA revealed it had been informed of possible manipulation before the game
CNN  -- A California elementary school principal , arrested in connection with her husband 's death , was released from custody Tuesday after a court hearing for her was postponed and the time expired that she could be held without being charged . She was to be released with no formal charges filed as prosecutors waited for more information from the Kern County , California , sheriff 's department , according to information confirmed by Kern County District Attorney David Zulfa . Leslie Jenea Chance , principal of an elementary school in Bakersfield , was arrested late Thursday . The body of her husband , Todd Chance , was found August 25 in an almond orchard in Bakersfield , a city about 100 miles north of Los Angeles . His black Ford Mustang was found abandoned in a residential area . "  We do believe she is the person who drove that car to the neighborhood , then dropped it off , then walked away from the vehicle , " Ray Pruitt , a spokesman for the Kern County Sheriff 's Office , said after the arrest . An arraignment hearing was scheduled for Tuesday , but the hearing was postponed . Zulfa confirmed to CNN that Chance 's release was pending Tuesday afternoon , with the time expiring that she could be held without formal charges filed . An operator at the Kern County Jail said Chance was freed about 6 p.m.  9 p.m. ET  . Leslie Chance , 46 , has been principal of Fairview Elementary School in Bakersfield for three years . She was married to Todd Chance , 45 , for 17 years , according to his obituary in the Bakersfield Californian newspaper . Tuesday morning , Leslie Chance 's name was still listed as the principal on the school website , even though she was being held in jail without bail at that time . CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	NEW : School principal arrested in connection with husband 's death is released from jail Todd Chance 's body was found on August 25 Leslie Chance , a school principal , was arrested Deputies allege Chance abandoned her husband 's car after the shooting
Copiaco , Chile  CNN  -- The wife of one of the 33 men trapped 2,300 feet below ground in Chile gave birth Tuesday to a daughter , a relative said . Elizabeth Segovia , wife of Ariel Ticona , was recovering in a hospital after giving birth to a 4-kilogram  8.8 lbs .  , 48-centimeter  19-inch  girl , said Ticona 's sister , Veronica Ticona . The daughter was to have been named Carolina , but that plan was changed after the August 5 cave-in trapped her father , Veronica Ticona said . Nearly two weeks ago , Segovia got a handwritten letter from her husband -- sent through the 4-inch-wide hole that has served as an umbilical cord to the miners -- proposing they name their daughter Esperanza Elizabeth instead . Esperanza is Spanish for hope . "  First , because we never lost hope ; second , because it 's the name of the camp where the families are living ; and third , because the 33 miners never lost hope either , " Segovia said earlier in September . Esperanza is believed to be the first child born to any of the 33 men since they were trapped . Read the latest on the rescue efforts In the 40 days that have followed , their contact with the outside world has been limited to what rescuers have been able to pass through the narrow hole that reaches into the cave ceiling . Ticona said her brother was told of the birth by a video conference system . "  He is very happy to be a father , " she said . Segovia discovered that their child would be a girl by looking at a grainy ultrasound on August 4 , the day before the mine collapse . "  My world just collapsed , " she said earlier this month . "  I could n't react . I just cried and cried . " But , she added , she forced herself to stop crying because doing so adversely affected her fetus . The tube to the mine has carried life-affirming news in both directions . A few days after seeing her daughter on grainy , flickering ultrasound images , Segovia saw her husband on grainy video that the miners shot by the flickering lights mounted on their mining helmets , then packed into the tube for the journey upward . With her daughter 's arrival Tuesday , Segovia is now waiting for her husband 's arrival in the months ahead . The couple also have two sons , ages 5 and 9 . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this story .	Daughter was to have been named Carolina , but plan changed after cave-in Miners have been trapped 40 days Segovia discovers a day before mine collapse that girl was expected Days later she saw her husband on a video the miners shot
CNN  -- It would n't be a finale to "  The Walking Dead " without at least a few moments that make you gasp , and Sunday night 's season ender certainly delivered . Last week , several survivors , including Glenn and Maggie , arrived at Terminus in what was promised to be a safe haven , but was it really ? We caught up this week with Rick , Carl and Michonne -- interspersed with flashbacks to the comparatively idyllic life back at the prison -- and they too had a rough road to Terminus . Here are some of the big moments from this week 's episode : 1 . Joe meets Rick again Just when it almost seemed like Rick 's trio had it all figured out  he even created a new way to trap game  , they were set upon by Joe and his up-to-no-good crew of "  rule followers " with Daryl in tow . Despite Daryl begging for mercy , Joe 's men started to beat him to death , while others set upon Carl and Michonne . 2 . Rick fights back , big time When Rick saw his son in trouble , he moved his head back and injured Joe , whose gun went off . Rick -- well , there 's no other way to put this -- then bit Joe on the neck and went after the rest of his crew , including the man who attacked Carl , repeatedly stabbing him to death . The other survivors could n't believe what they were seeing . Needless to say , do n't mess with Carl . On the bright side , Daryl is back . He and Rick are like brothers now , too . The post-racial revolution will be televised 3 . Welcome to Terminus Rick , Daryl , Michonne and Carl finally arrived at Terminus -- sneaking in through the back , of course . The moment Rick noticed one of the denizens of Terminus wearing Hershel 's watch  now owned by Glenn  , he pulled a gun on someone -- and wait , is n't that woman wearing Maggie 's poncho , too ? It just would n't be a finale without a shootout , and we certainly got one as Rick and crew fired against Gareth and the rest from Terminus . 4 . What is this place ? Entrails seen in a courtyard ? A room where the words "  Never again " are painted on the walls ? Something 's just not right with Terminus . Unfortunately , we did n't find out too much more about this . ... 5 . Reunited Gareth finally gets the upper hand and orders Rick , Daryl and Michonne  the "  ringleader , archer and samurai "  to enter a train car . An enraged Rick asks about his son , and Gareth tells Carl to walk over to the car . When they make their way in , they soon realize that Glenn , Maggie , Abraham and others in their group are alive . Carol , Tyrese and Judith are still making their way to Terminus , as far as we know , but Beth 's whereabouts remain unknown . Rick delivers one of the best lines in the series ' history when he tells Glenn , "  They 're going to feel really stupid when they find out ... they 're screwing with the wrong people . " Rick certainly proved that with his actions this week . He 's gone from a lawman to the "  Ricktator " to something of a go-for-broke violent avenger over the years . Were you happy to see so many of the survivors reunited and find out that no one died in this finale ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Sunday night 's episode had some gasp-worthy moments Last week several survivors arrived at a safe haven The road to Terminus is a rough one
CNN  -- Plane makers swooped to conquer at Asia 's biggest air show but rather than picking up any huge deals , smaller agreements and partnerships were the order of the day . The event still saw $ 31 billion worth of deals announced ; triple the total of the previous show in 2010 . However , two thirds of that was down to Indonesian low-cost airline Lion Air formally sealing its deal for 230 next-generation Boeing 737s , first reported last year . "  The fate of the commercial aviation industry generally follows the fate of national economies , " says Siva Govindasamy of Flightglobal . "  The mood generally is a little bit uncertain , but  the outcome from the show  is a little better than expected . " Indonesia 's economy is one of Asia 's fastest growing -- GDP grew there by 6.5 % last years -- and Lion Air also announced another deal this week for a fleet of short-haul planes from ATR for its subsidiary , Wings Air . Budget Indian airline Go Air joined the billion-dollar deal club by signing an agreement with engine maker Pratt Whitney , worth around $ 1 billion . "  These deals  shows a greater trend that developing countries are leading the world in demand  for new planes  , " says Govindasamy . "  Indonesia is an underdeveloped market ; there is no doubt there 's great potential in the region . " But on the same day that Air Australia went into administration stranding 4,000 passengers , there is some apprehension that the region could be blighted by airlines with too many planes and not enough passengers to fill them . "  When airlines start to fail that 's a bit of a worry . India definitely has over-capacity . Any airline has to be cautious about adding capacity irrationally . Historically the airline industry has n't done that , " says Govindasamy . AirAsia has found itself in a good position , and perhaps an example to others , says Govindasamy , by building up a good base in its home market before taking on the world . "  If you do n't get the base right , you wo n't succeed in this industry . " The week also saw Chinese plane maker Comac announcing another corporate client  Bank of China  for its yet to be built C919 jet . But these smaller deals belie the impact China 's aviation industry may have in two years ' time when the jet is first trialed , believes the Singapore Air Show organizer , Jimmy Lau . "  The market is very dispersed in China , but when the Comac C919 plane goes to market its capability will be stronger , " he says . China 's market is unique and Govindasamy believes its airlines are in a good position to not do things irrationally . "  They are doing a lot of things right , but then they are supported by the government and often fulfilling a national need in terms of flying routes that might not be so profitable . "	Smaller deals and agreements a feature of Singapore air show Event books $ 31 billion in deals , triple the previous level Indonesia 's Lion Air seals deal for 230 next-generation 737s Budget Indian airline Go Air signs agreement worth $ 1 billion
CNN  -- A tip led to Wednesday 's arrest in Louisiana of a suspected serial bank robber dubbed the "  Granddad Bandit , " federal authorities said . Michael Francis Mara , 52 , was captured at his home in Baton Rouge , FBI Special Agent Sheila Thorne told CNN . The FBI went to the residence to execute an arrest warrant when Mara retreated into the house , she said . "  After six hours , he came out and was placed under arrest , " she added . The "  Granddad Bandit " is wanted in at least 25 bank heists in 13 states -- from Virginia to Texas to Kansas -- since 2008 , the FBI said in a statement . He was given the name because he appeared elderly , Thorne told CNN . The bandit , described as balding , heavy and wearing glasses , captured the public 's attention because of his non-threatening image and his nickname . But federal authorities said he was anything but harmless . He would point to his waistband and indicate he had a gun , but it was unclear if he actually had one . The Federal Bureau of Investigation 's field office in Norfolk , Virginia , got a tip earlier this month , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia said Wednesday . The tipster identified and provided photographs of Mara that were compared to surveillance footage , the office said in a statement . Investigators "  allegedly found consistent key identifiers between the surveillance images and the photographs of Mara , including a hat , eyeglasses and wrist watch that appear to be identical . " Mara has been charged with one count of bank robbery and is in custody , Thorne said . He could receive a 20-year sentence if convicted . Mara worked for a vehicle transportation company and traveled from state to state on business , the FBI said . In recent weeks , the FBI launched a billboard campaign featuring surveillance pictures of the robber hoping he would be identified . Authorities cited this and other publicity as being effective . An FBI affidavit released Wednesday gave some insight into how the "  Granddad Bandit " did his business . " -LSB- He -RSB- presents a demand note with a request for the specific dollar amount . The Subject does not appear to wear any disguises or concealment to hide his identity . The subject enters the bank calmly , oftentimes patiently waiting for his turn in line and then approaches the victim teller , " the affidavit said . "  Once the Subject 's demands are met , he retrieves the demand note and exits the bank quietly , not bringing attention to the crime he just committed . " . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon and Carol Cratty contributed to this article .	NEW : Tip led to arrest of bank robbery suspect Michael F. Mara , 52 , currently charged with one count of robbery Authorities say the "  Granddad Bandit " is responsible for some two dozen bank robberies Suspect was arrested at his home in Louisiana on Wednesday
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Asiana Airlines said it is paying $ 10,000 to each of the passengers aboard Flight 214 , which crashed in San Francisco last month . "  It is separate to medical compensation , " spokeswoman Lee Hyo-min told CNN on Monday . She said even those who were not injured can receive payment . The spokeswoman added that passengers who collect the money "  can still sue us . " Crash : Couple stole passengers ' luggage at airport Three people were killed after the plane crashed short of the runway on July 6 at San Francisco International Airport . The San Mateo County coroner said one of those killed , 16-year-old Ye Mengyuan of China , was flung out of the plane and survived . But she was struck and killed by a rescue vehicle . Coroner : Asiana Airline passenger was alive until killed by rescue vehicle San Francisco Fire Department Chief Joanne Hayes-White has apologized to Ye 's family . "  We 're heartbroken . We 're in the business of saving lives , " she said . "  There 's not a lot of words to describe how badly we feel about it . " The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash , which also injured more than 180 people aboard the flight . Asiana crash probe moves on from San Francisco airport	Passengers who collect the money "  can still sue us , " an Asiana spokeswoman says Three people were killed and more than 180 were injured after the crash One of those killed survived the crash but was run over by a rescue vehicle The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
CNN  When food giant Nestle USA  to which I am , alas , not related  last month announced plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies , it understandably made headlines . According to the company , by the end of 2015 , none of a group of 250 chocolate products including Butterfinger and Baby Ruth will contain artificial flavors or colors such as Red # 40 or Yellow # 5 . With the expectation that these chemicals will also disappear from the company 's other candies , it looks like the end of the use of artificial flavors and colors in anything but the cheapest food products . If that proves to be the case , it will be a welcome shift . Nestle USA intends to advertise the reformulated products with a "  No artificial flavors or colors " claim on package labels . If sales of the "  no artificial " candies grow as expected , the company will surely extend the removal to all of its other colored and flavored food products . After all , Nestle 's international parent company -- and the company 's competitors -- will have to take notice and find ways to remove these chemicals from all their product lines . Nestle USA has undeniable clout . It accounts for a quarter of the $ 100 billion in annual revenues of the more than century-old , privately held parent corporation , which itself is the largest food company in the world . This move surely will not only reverberate through the candy industry , but also affect every other major food company . In substituting natural for artificial flavors and colors , Nestle USA is responding to what its customers are saying . The company 's own research indicates that Americans prefer their beloved candy brands to be free of artificial flavors and colors , while other surveys find majorities of respondents saying that artificial chemical additives negatively influence their buying decisions . 7 chemicals in your food Nestle is also responding to decades of complaints from consumer advocates about the potential health risks of these chemicals , especially the dyes . Studies in experimental animals have linked high doses of food dyes to health problems , among them organ damage , cancer , birth defects , and allergic reactions . In humans , studies link food dyes to hyperactivity and other behavioral problems in young children . The credibility of these studies and their implications for human health remain hotly debated . In the 1970s , for example , Ben Feingold , a physician in California , suggested that food additives caused children to become hyperactive . Much of the evidence for the "  Feingold hypothesis " rested on anecdotal reports by parents , whereas double-blind , controlled clinical trials produced contradictory results . On the basis of current evidence , some artificial food dyes have been banned , while others remain in use despite suggestions that they too might be harmful . But the makers and users of food dyes argue that the chemicals are safe at current levels of usage . As a result of all this , and in the absence of convincing evidence of their safety , the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest has campaigned since the 1970s to remove food dyes and other chemicals from foods , and has continued to petition the Food and Drug Administration to ban them . Kraft removing artificial dyes from some mac and cheese The opposing views complicate the regulatory status of food dyes . But after one clinical trial reported that dyes induce hyperactivity in half the children studied , the British government asked companies to stop using most food colors ; the European Union requires a warning notice on many foods made with them . In the United States , the FDA does not permit artificial food dyes to be used unless the manufacturers can meet safety requirements . But the amounts of these substances in the country 's food supply have greatly increased in recent years -- soft drinks , breakfast cereals , frozen desserts and even salad dressings all contain artificial coloring agents . True , the FDA considers a dye to be safe if there is a reasonable certainty that no harm will result from its intended use . But that standard is vague enough to cause concern . Given the unresolved scientific questions , it is reasonable to ask why artificial colors have to be in foods at all . From the standpoint of manufacturers , such additives are essential for covering up and hiding unattractive colors in processed foods . To the public , red candy seems to taste better than the drab variety . And while natural colors exist , they are less stable or more expensive to produce . But for Nestle to have taken the action that it has , the company must have found substitutes it can live with . And appealing to consumers ' preference for "  natural " makes good business sense . The truth is that whether artificial colors do or do not cause health problems in adults or children , they are there strictly for cosmetic purposes . For that reason alone , getting rid of them is a good idea .	Nestle USA plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies Marion Nestle : Consumers pushing for less additives
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer became the new owner of the NBA 's Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday , concluding a public saga in which the league expelled one of the prior co-owners for racist comments . The sale marks the end of co-ownership by billionaire Donald Sterling , who was ousted from the NBA and then battled his estranged wife , Shelly , in a California probate court over control of the couple 's trust , which owned the franchise . Sterling , 80 , lost that legal battle when the probate judge ruled the deal by Shelly Sterling to sell the Clippers to Ballmer could move forward . Sterling bought the Clippers in 1981 for about $ 12 million and was the longest-tenured owner in the NBA . The negotiated $ 2 billion sale price is a record for any professional sports franchise in North America . Ballmer , 58 , was ranked No. 35 this year on Forbes ' annual world 's billionaires list and has a net worth of $ 20 billion . Ballmer , players and coach Doc Rivers will meet fans Monday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles during the Clippers Fan Festival . "  I am humbled and honored to be the new owner of the Los Angeles Clippers , " Ballmer said in a statement . "  Clipper fans are so amazing . They have remained fiercely loyal to our franchise through some extraordinary times . I will be hard core in giving the team , our great coach , staff and players the support they need to do their best work on the court . " Who is Steve Ballmer ? In April , Sterling came under fire for making racist remarks against African-Americans in comments to his companion V. Stiviano . The recorded conversation was published online . In response , the NBA banned Sterling for life , fined him the maximum $ 2.5 million and moved toward terminating the Sterlings ' ownership rights in the franchise . Under the sale , Ballmer agreed to give Shelly Sterling the title of "  owner emeritus " of the team , allowing her to retain a connection to the franchise . "  I am thrilled that the Clippers now have such a wonderful new owner , " Shelly Sterling said . "  I am confident that Steve will bring the city a championship team in the very near future . ... I can not wait for the new season to begin . " The sale of the Clippers closed after "  the entry of an order by a California court confirming the authority of Shelly Sterling , on behalf of the Sterling Family Trust , to sell the team , " the NBA said Tuesday . "  The NBA Board of Governors previously approved the sale and Ballmer is now the Clippers Governor , " the basketball league said . Pierce O'Donnell , an attorney for Shelly Sterling , said Tuesday evening that he had filed court papers opposing Donald Sterling 's petition to an appeals court to direct the probate judge to vacate his order . He said the issue was moot because the family trust had received the $ 2 billion already . "  Donald Sterling 's petitions are patently frivolous , " he said . Ballmer 's attorney , Adam Streisand , agreed the legal move would fail . "  I 'm confident the appellate court will agree  California probate Judge Michael  Levanas made the correct decision , and it 's all academic now , because we already have a new owner of the Clippers , " Streisand said . Sterling and his attorneys could n't be immediately reached for comment . On Ballmer 's behalf , Streisand devised a legal strategy in probate court using "  a provision so rarely invoked that most probate attorneys were unaware of its existence before the Sterling case , " his law firm said . That provision , called Section 1310  b  , "  authorizes the probate court to make an order to permit a trustee to carry out a transaction even if the court 's decision is appealed to a higher court if delay would cause irreparable injury or loss , " Streisand 's law firm said . "  When Ballmer contacted Streisand about the deal , Streisand says within 60 seconds he told Ballmer about 1310  b  and then presented the plan to lawyers for Shelly Sterling , " the firm said . Shelly Sterling was able to negotiate a sale to Ballmer for $ 2 billion because her husband had OK 'd in a letter her effort to negotiate with a buyer . But Donald Sterling later opposed a sale of the team , saying the purported letter authorized only a negotiation , not a formal sale . Shelly Sterling became the sole trustee of the couple 's trust in May after two doctors determined that Donald Sterling was mentally incapacitated . He was diagnosed with early Alzheimer 's or another brain disease . Sterling challenged his wife 's takeover of the trust , but Levanas ruled in Shelly Sterling 's favor , saying she acted properly in removing her husband from the trust that owned the NBA team . The judge further ruled that the sale could go forward regardless of appeals by Donald Sterling . Sterling has sued the league for $ 1 billion , claiming antitrust violations in its handling of the matter . He also is suing his wife and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , seeking monetary damages in civil court . Court documents filed by Sterling 's attorneys call the potential deal "  unlawful " and "  fraudulent " and ask for an injunction to block the sale . How Ballmer 's $ 2 billion Clippers deal could pay off	Shelly Sterling 's attorney says Donald Sterling should n't be able to contest sale Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is new owner of the Los Angeles Clippers "  I will be hard core " in supporting team , Ballmer says Sterling caused an uproar when he made racist remarks in an audio recording in April
CNN  -- Since the time of Nicolaus Copernicus five centuries ago , people have wondered whether there are other planets like Earth in the universe . Today scientists are closer than ever to an answer -- and it appears to be that the Milky Way galaxy is rich in Earth-sized planets , according to astronomer Dimitar Sasselov . Drawing on new findings from a NASA telescope , he told the TED Global conference in Oxford , England earlier this month that nearly 150 Earth-sized planets have been detected so far . He estimated that the overall number of planets in the galaxy with "  similar conditions to the conditions that we experience here on Earth is pretty staggering . It 's about 100 million such planets . " A Bulgarian-born scientist with Ph.D. s in astronomy and physics , Sasselov is a professor of astronomy and director of the Harvard Origins of Life Initiative , which brings together scientists from many disciplines to explore how life began . He titled his talk at the Oxford conference : "  On Completing the Copernican Revolution . " Until technology was developed to detect planets outside the solar system 15 years ago , scientists were only able to speculate about the existence of Earth-like planets . The new technology paid off in the discovery of some 500 planets . The disappointing fact though was that very few of the newly identified planets were the size of Earth . "  There was of course an explanation for it . We only see the big planets . So that 's why most of those planets are really in the category of ` like Jupiter , ' " he said . Read more about Dimitar Sasselov on TED.com There was no indication that these large planets were suitable for life to begin . "  We were still back where Copernicus was . We did n't have any evidence whether planets like the Earth are out there , " Sasselov said . "  And we do care about planets like the Earth because by now we understood that life as a chemical system really needs a smaller planet with water and with rocks and with a lot of complex chemistry to originate , to emerge , to survive . And we did n't have the evidence for that . " In March 2009 , NASA launched Kepler , a telescope-carrying satellite that can detect the dimming of light caused by a planet orbiting around a star . "  All the stars for Kepler are just points of light , " Sasselov said . "  But we learn a lot from that , not only that there is a planet there , but we also learn its size . How much of the light is being dimmed depends on how big the planet is . We learn about its orbit , the period of its orbit and so on . " The discovery of many potential planets means "  we can go and study them -- remotely , of course -- with all the techniques that we already have tested in the past five years . We can find what they 're made of , would their atmospheres have water , carbon dioxide , methane . " At the same time , Sasselov believes , scientists can make progress in the laboratory on better understanding how chemicals can produce life . "  And in one of our labs , Jack Szostak 's labs , it was a series of experiments in the last four years that showed that the environments -- which are very common on planets , on certain types of planets like the Earth -- where you have some liquid water and some clays , you actually end up with naturally available molecules which spontaneously form bubbles . But those bubbles have membranes very similar to the membrane of every cell of every living thing on Earth . ... . And they really help molecules , like nucleic acids , like RNA and DNA , stay inside , develop , change , divide and do some of the processes that we call life . " Copernicus is famous for the then-revolutionary idea that the Earth orbits the sun rather than that the universe is centered around Earth . But Sasselov pointed out that with the Copernican revolution came a humbling sense of mankind 's insignificance in the universe . "  You 've all learned that in school -- how small the Earth is compared to the immense universe . And the bigger the telescope , the bigger that universe becomes . ... So in space , the Earth is very small . To demonstrate the minuteness of life on Earth , Sasselov took off his tie . "  Can you imagine how small it is ? Let me try it . OK , let 's say this is the size of the observable universe , with all the galaxies , with all the stars . Do you know what the size of life in this necktie will be ? "  It will be the size of a single , small atom . It is unimaginably small . ... But that 's not the whole story , you see . " The other dimension of life on Earth is time -- and life has existed for a good portion , nearly a third , of the time the universe is believed to have existed , Sasselov said . "  This is not insignificant . This is very significant . So life might be insignificant in size , but it is not insignificant in time . Life and the universe compare to each other like a child and a parent , parent and offspring . "  So what does this tell us ? This tells us that that insignificance paradigm that we somehow got to learn from the Copernican principle , it 's all wrong . There is immense , powerful , potential in life in this universe -- especially now that we know that places like the Earth are common . And that potential , that powerful potential , is also our potential , of you and me . "  And if we are to be stewards of our planet Earth and its biosphere , we better understand the cosmic significance and do something about it . And the good news is we can actually indeed do it . "	Dimitar Sasselov : Earth-sized planets are plentiful in the galaxy He says planets of such size are suited for the chemical processes that can produce life Sasselov says biologists are finding clues to origin of life in laboratories He says Earth life is notably old , representing nearly a third of age of universe
Washington  CNN  If it looks like a treaty , walks like a treaty and talks like a treaty , is it a treaty ? According to the White House , only if the President of the United States says it is . That 's infuriating Republicans and even some Democrats , who are demanding that the Obama administration submit any final nuclear deal with Iran to Congress for approval . "  This is clearly a treaty , " Arizona Sen. John McCain told reporters Tuesday . "  They can call it a banana , but it 's a treaty . " Kerry denounces GOP letter to Iran leaders The GOP position could jeopardize the long-term survival of any Iran deal , and it represents the party 's newest clash with President Barack Obama over the limits of executive authority , as Republicans object to a pact they warn could eventually give Tehran a nuclear bomb . It 's that skepticism that has largely led the White House to define the deal as a "  nonbinding agreement " rather than a "  treaty , " which the Constitution requires Senate "  advice and consent " on . The distinction -- and whether it can legitimately be used to shut out Congress -- turns on complicated and unresolved questions of constitutional law . While Republicans call foul , the administration defends the differentiation as perfectly sound , and no surprise . Secretary of State John Kerry stressed Wednesday that the administration never intended to negotiate a treaty . "  We 've been clear from the beginning . We 're not negotiating a ` legally binding plan . ' We 're negotiating a plan that will have in it a capacity for enforcement , " he said at a Senate hearing . That does n't sit well with Republicans , many of whom believe the Senate 's constitutional role is being bypassed . Idaho Sen. James Risch dismissed the administration 's argument : "  Let there be no mistake , this is a treaty that is being negotiated . It 's a treaty and should be treated as such . " Did 47 Republican senators break the law in plain sight ? Republicans see criticism of the administration 's maneuver as a way to gum up the works on the current deal , and to push their larger assault on the White House 's exercise of power . At the Senate hearing Wednesday , Kentucky Republican Rand Paul explicitly tied the administration 's bid to keep the deal away from Congress to other accusations of White House overreach . "  This is an administration that seeks to legislate when that is not in their purview , whether it be immigration , whether it be health care , " he charged , noting that he had joined 46 other GOP senators in signing a letter to the Islamic Republic informing them of Congress 's role in approving binding agreements . "  I signed the letter to Iran . But you know what ? The message I was sending was to you , " he told Kerry . "  I signed it to an administration that does n't listen , to an administration that , every turn , tries to go around Congress because you think you ca n't get your way . " But legal experts say that though a court challenge along the lines of pending GOP cases on immigration and health care is possible in theory , it would be a long shot . There is no currently no suit on the issue being discussed on Capitol Hill , and it 's far from clear that Republicans would be standing on firm legal ground with such a challenge . The debate , rumbling for decades , has yet to be definitively resolved in case law . "  It is a very interesting question , " said Nicholas Burns , a former senior U.S. diplomat , arguing that it is essentially up to the administration to decide whether it is negotiating an agreement that formally binds the United States to commitments under international law ; i.e. , a treaty , or a less stringent arrangement . Senators grill Obama officials on Iran Jim Walsh , a specialist on the Iran nuclear program at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said the Iran deal , which commits the United States to waive or lift sanctions , does not rise to the level of a formal treaty . "  Treaties traditionally have involved reductions in armaments , nuclear weapons , conventional forces . They require us to take something away that we have already built or established . " In this case , the United States would lift sanctions , but would not be changing its military posture . "  We have had all sorts of agreement that were never ratified by Congress , " Walsh said . But David Rivkin , a constitutional and international law expert who worked for President George H.W. Bush , said that any international agreement requiring major undertakings on the part of the United States -- such as the proposed Iran deal -- must be sent to the Senate for advice and consent . "  The Constitution is quite clear , " he said . Republicans point to none less than the vice president of the United States to bolster their case . When Vice President Joe Biden was a senator in 2002 , he wrote a letter to then-Secretary of State Colin Powell charging that a planned strategic arms reductions deal with Russia constituted a treaty subject to Senate approval since it would require "  significant obligations by the United States . " But Biden 's 2002 letter did n't keep him from unleashing his fury at the GOP letter to Iran on Monday . "  Around the world , America 's influence depends on its ability to honor its commitments , " Biden said in a statement . While Congress approves some agreements , "  as the authors of this letter must know , the vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval . " Indeed , in the letter he penned to Iran , Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton acknowledged that the administration could seek a mere "  executive agreement " free of congressional review . Obama , Iranian official slam GOP letter on deal Presidents claim inherent powers to conclude executive agreements under Article II of the Constitution . U.S. law stipulates that an agreement is only viewed as a treaty once it has been made with "  the advice and consent of the Senate , " a study by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service noted . But administrations often choose to conclude deals with foreign states that do n't satisfy that requirement . Such an "  executive agreement " is still considered a treaty that is binding under international law , but does not reach the same standard under U.S. law , according to the study . Examples of "  nonbinding " documents include a U.S.-Russia to remove Syria 's stocks of chemical weapons and the Proliferation Security Initiative to stop the global shipment of the weapons of mass destruction components . Biden argued Monday that this practice is as old as the United States itself . "  Under presidents of both parties , such major shifts in American foreign policy as diplomatic recognition of the People 's Republic of China , the resolution of the Iran hostage crisis , and the conclusion of the Vietnam War were all conducted without congressional approval , " he said in his statement opposing the GOP letter . The White House would clearly prefer a binding agreement with Iran , which would have a better chance of longevity . But the strength of opposition in Congress makes that route impossible . According to Republicans such as Cotton , the only deal the Senate would approve is one that completely bans Iranian uranium enrichment . Obama has said that goal is simply not realistic . So Republicans , dissatisfied with what 's emerging from negotiations , are seizing on the vulnerability of a deal that lacks treaty status . Many see that as a more viable path for disruption than the case on administration overreach . "  If Congress does n't approve this deal , Congress wo n't accept this deal , now or in the future , " Cotton told CNN . In the letter , he informed Iranian leaders that many senators will serve terms longer than Obama , so they would have to reckon with the Senate at some point . Lawmakers can refuse to lift sanctions down the road or try to choke off funds for the deal 's implementation . The administration acknowledges that Congress will have to get involved at some point . Obama currently has the power to lift or waive certain sanctions against Iran for the duration of his presidency and encourage U.S. international partners to follow suit . But he does not have the power to lift sanctions imposed by Congress , which include some of the most punitive measures against Iran . "  Part of the agreement is going to involve sanctions relief to the Iranian government that is meted out over time , " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told CNN . "  At some time in the duration of this agreement , Congress will have to be heard on sanctions relief . " Senior U.S. officials have acknowledged that the clamor among lawmakers for a role , as well as their public criticisms , also implicitly highlights the vulnerability of their case and an ultimate agreement . Tim Kaine , a Democratic senator from Virginia who has signed onto a bill calling for the White House to put any deal up for a vote in Congress , said that Obama is within his rights to do what he is doing -- up to a point . "  It is not a treaty . If it were a treaty , there is a clear process . It would require a two-thirds vote in the Senate . " But Kaine told CNN on Wednesday that lawmakers did have a role to play at the point when sanctions mandated by Congress are bargained away to ensure Iran sticks to limits on its nuclear program . "  Congress has got to weigh in at some point , " Kaine said .	White House , many Republicans disagree over deal terminology , requirements At some point , Congress will weigh in on some aspect of a prospective agreement
CNN  -- The Boston Children 's Hospital pediatric doctor charged with receipt of child pornography was disciplined for using a school computer to access adult pornography when he was medical director at Phillips Academy boarding school , school officials said Friday . Richard Keller , 56 , who is also a pediatrics clinical instructor at Harvard Medical School , was the medical director at Philips Academy for 19 years , according to John Palfrey , the head of the school . In an e-mail to faculty , staff , students , alumni and parents on Friday , Palfrey said Keller was reprimanded in 1999 for using an academy computer to access pornography that featured adult subjects , and in 2002 was reprimanded for showing an inappropriate cartoon to students . According to Palfrey , Keller was cited for "  poor management and poor judgment , " leading the Andover , Massachusetts , school to place him on administrative probation in 2009 . Palfrey went on to say that as recently as 2010 , Keller sent an inappropriate voice-mail message to a colleague at the school . A claim by Keller that the school had discriminated against him was determined to be "  groundless , " according to Palfrey . In April 2011 , the academy informed Keller that his contract would not be renewed . The doctor resigned that month , the school said . "  We have no reason to believe that any of our students were involved in , or affected by , Dr. Keller 's alleged criminal behavior , " Palfrey said , adding the federal case made Thursday against Keller is unrelated to alleged misconduct at Phillips . Keller 's name came to the attention of authorities after the U.S. Postal Inspection Service began a 2010 investigation into a movie production company that sold films featuring minor boys , according to the criminal complaint . Investigators conducted a review of the company 's customer database and located alleged customer Richard Keller , who had two addresses listed , authorities said . Investigators determined that Keller allegedly had , on multiple occasions , purchased child pornography from the company 's website , according to the complaint . Receipts and purchase summaries that were found during the investigation showed that the doctor allegedly made 19 online transactions totaling $ 2,695 , prosecutors allege . Some of the pornographic material was sent to Phillips Academy 's student medical center , according to the complaint . Authorities searched Keller 's residence Thursday and seized approximately 500 high-gloss printouts of child pornography and between 60 to 100 DVDs containing films of minors engaged in explicit sexual conduct , according to court documents . A statement released by Boston Children 's Hospital says that there have been no complaints by patients or family members concerning Keller 's medical services . He is on administrative leave from both the hospital and from Harvard Medical School pending the results of the investigation , according to statements released by both institutions . According to the U.S. Attorney 's Office , Keller faces a mandatory minimum of five years and up to 20 years in prison , to be followed by up to lifetime supervised release and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted . A detention hearing is scheduled for Wednesday . The U.S. Attorney 's office told CNN on Friday Keller is hiring an attorney , but did not know who . In the interim , Page Kelley with the federal defender 's office is representing him . Kelley did not return calls Friday seeking comment . CNN 's Nina Melendez contributed to this report .	Federal prosecutors file child pornography case against Boston physician Boarding school cites unrelated incidents allegedly involving doctor Richard Keller worked at school for 19 years , then resigned
Washington  CNN  -- A typo kept President Barack Obama from signing legislation designed to end budget-related FAA air traffic controller furloughs blamed for widespread flight delays , a congressional source told CNN . But the fix is going into effect anyway , and the system will be back to normal by Sunday , the FAA said . The holdup was caused by an "  s " missing from uses of the word "  accounts . " The bill gives the FAA permission to move money from other accounts to prevent having to furlough controllers . But the way the Senate version of the bill read would have limited the source of funds to an "  account . " The House fixed the typo in the version it passed Friday , and the Senate plans to fix it Tuesday , a senior House GOP aide told CNN . The FAA "  is not impacted , " the source said . The FAA issued a statement Saturday , saying that it had suspended all employee furloughs and that "  the system will resume normal operations by Sunday evening . " Read more : House OKs measure designed to end controller furloughs The story was first reported by ABC News . In rare bipartisan accord , normally quarrelsome U.S. lawmakers passed the measure Friday , capping a major congressional initiative as delays snarled traffic at airports . The measure gives the Transportation Department budget planners new flexibility for dealing with forced spending cuts . It also allows authorities to protect 149 control towers at small - and medium-sized airports that are slated for closure for budgetary reasons . Five things to know about FAA furloughs Since Sunday , more than 3,000 flights had been delayed because of the furloughs , the FAA said . The furloughs were unavoidable , the agency said , because it lacked the flexibility to avert them without action by Congress . The furloughs affected some 15,000 FAA air traffic controllers . Cost-cutting measures such as the furloughs and the planned closures of towers that are privately run or overseen by federal aviation regulators have become part of the debate on government spending . They have been highlighted by many to illustrate a clear nationwide consequence of the $ 85 billion in government-wide cuts that took effect in March and may otherwise not be apparent to the public . Many Democrats miffed FAA cuts were reversed without concessions CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Obama ca n't sign the bill until a missing "  s " is fixed Controller staffing shortages began this week , affecting airline flights The bipartisan Senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibility
CNN  -- In the high-tech world of South Korea , it 's difficult to find someone who is n't plugged in . Demand here is fulfilled by the country 's largest mobile phone carrier , SK Telecom . CEO of SK Telecom , Kim Shin Bae spoke to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom . It 's ubiquitous branding hints at the 51 percent market share the company holds . Earlier this year the company broke with South Korea 's rigid corporate tradition . They scrapped the hierarchy in favor of a flatter management structure in the hope of encouraging risk taking and creativity . These decisions were the making of CEO , Kim Shin Bae , who 's been at the helm since 2004 . He sat down with CNN 's Andrew Stevens to explain the hidden value of corporate culture . Kim : I think we need to be more creative and innovative in order to be a global communications leader . To create a new culture , we broke from the Asian tradition of seniority based hierarchical structure by introducing a single level manager system . This is for the open-minded communication and knowledge sharing between employees and a speedy organizational process . We introduced it more than a year ago and I think it 's selling quite well . Stevens : So how difficult was it to get your people on board with these changes ? Kim : Korea is basically a Confucian culture , so we respect the elders and the senior people . So with the senior people , the hard debate with the senior people is the difficulty . But by introducing the single level structure we could encourage more free communication . Stevens : Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has developed enormously , so why was there a need to change it ? Kim : As you know , during the last several decades of South Korean economic growth , manufacturing was the real core industry . In manufacturing the hierarchy code -- the strong top down leadership -- is very effective and sometimes very efficient . Now the world is changing , especially for IT services and communication services . Creativity and innovation from the very free communication knowledge sharing is more and more important so I think we need that kind of change especially for SK Telecom . Stevens : Today is the company 's monthly "  Funergizer " -- a lunch-time entertainment for employees held in the lobby of SK Telecom 's headquarters . Kim : I think the happy employees can make others happy . Their work their productivity will improve . So every month during lunch time , we introduce the talent -- professionals of music , dance , or drum players for employees . It will also help the creative and flexible corporate culture , I think . All those have the synergy to change the culture . I think the corporate culture is much more important than the system or process . Our business environment changes very quickly . Once the system or process is set up , then it might have some other shackle for us to change . But the corporate culture drives the people , even though they are not the older this would do it this way and that way , so corporate culture I think is very important . Stevens : We 've been talking a lot about the softer issues , about softer employee relations , rather than the structure and processes of corporate South Korea . Do you think the softer issues are becoming more important right across industry here ? Kim : I think with the rise of China and India as a manufacturing base , we need to be more toward the service oriented company which requires more creativity , so I think it 's very natural . But I think that creativity and efficiency should take balance that 's why we also strongly implement the activities at SK Telecom together . So it 's this kind of ambidexterity , efficiency and creativity should take balance . E-mail to a friend	Kim Shin Bae , CEO of SK Telecom speaks in CNN 's The Boardroom SK Telecom is South Korea 's largest mobile phone carrier Kim led the company against national tradition , scrapping corporate hierarchy
CNN  -- As power couples go , they have the sparkle to supersede even Posh and Becks . He 's a decorated soccer star with a World Cup title to his name ; she has sold over 70 million albums worldwide . No wonder then , that Gerard Pique and partner Shakira were included in Forbes ' 2013 list of the world 's most powerful pairings , with David and Victoria Beckham nowhere to be seen . "  Maybe it seems like it 's really difficult to manage everything but we are trying to do it as naturally as we can , " Pique told CNN 's Human to Hero series . Read this story in Spanish "  It 's true that maybe sometimes we have to deal with some paparazzi but then I think we are now four years together -- you have to accept it and deal with it and it 's no problem . " As a stalwart in defense for Spanish giants Barcelona , Pique can count three European Champions League crowns among his total of 19 domestic trophies , as well as the 2010 World Cup and 2012 European Championship with Spain . Shakira had a No. 1 hit single in 55 countries with "  Hips Do n't Lie , " is a judge on U.S. talent show "  The Voice " and garnered 595 million YouTube views  and counting  for her 2010 World Cup song "  Waka Waka . " It was during shooting for the video that the two met ; four years later they now have a son , Milan , and count as one of the most internationally recognized couples on the planet . So how do they try to maintain a normal life in the midst of all the attention ? "  We do n't do very different things than the others , " Pique explains . "  We are like a normal family and we try to spend a lot of time with our son and before that , just to be a good couple -- going to the cinema , going to have dinner . " Pique is no stranger to scrutiny , though . Playing for one of the world 's biggest football clubs means every pass , tackle or movement is magnified and examined in minute detail by a menagerie of pundits and supporters . That intensity of spotlight can easily manifest itself into pressure , and also fear of failure -- even though that word is barely part of Barcelona 's recent lexicon . But if ever the 26-year-old required a reminder that losing is not the end of the world , he only needs to look into his young son 's eyes . "  It changed everything , " Pique says of Milan 's arrival in January last year . "  You can see that he is new in this world and he does n't have negative connections -- he 's all about laughing , smiling , being happy . It 's so funny ; I enjoy a lot playing with him . "  We lost 3-0 against Bayern Munich in the semifinals of the Champions League last season and I was really worried and really sad because it was a bad game and then I arrived home , saw Milan and everything changed . "  It 's great because he 's just 12 months now and it 's unbelievable , he is starting to walk and we are enjoying this time a lot . " Pique insists there will be no obligation for his son to support Barca -- even though he was enrolled as a member upon birth -- but it seems inconceivable the inextricable link between the club and his family will ever be lost . Four generations of the Pique clan have been Barca members and Gerard 's grandfather , Amador Bernabeu , served as a club director for 23 years . Pique was infused with a love for the team at an early age , recently telling the club 's magazine he sings Barca 's anthem every night before he goes to bed , explaining that it is "  the only song I know all the way through . " So what exactly does Barca represent for him ? "  It means a lot , " he replies . "  It feels like I 'm at home when I 'm here in Camp Nou  Barcelona 's stadium  . "  For me since I was five or six , I came here with my family to watch every game every weekend and it means a lot to me now to be a first-team player because it was my dream since I was a kid . "  I 'm enjoying every moment , every year I 'm here , and it 's good because in the last few years we won a lot of titles and I think we are having a really good moment . " ` More than a club ' Barcelona certainly lives up to its "  more than a club " motto which is rooted in its pride of the Catalonia region it inhabits . The club 's axiom allies the promotion of the area 's language and culture alongside good causes  the players still bear the name of worldwide charity UNICEF on their shirts  . Their fans even staged a pro-independence protest in October 2012 during one of the biggest games in world football -- "  El Clasico " against Real Madrid -- by singing the Catalan national anthem mid-match . Credited with an estimated 270 million fans worldwide , Barca is a global advert for Catalonia . "  I think for Catalonia , FC Barcelona means a lot because it is one of the top clubs in the world and that means that it 's a way to show what Catalonia is in the world , " Pique says . "  Because sometimes , we are really small and Barcelona is an instrument to show to the world that we are good at a lot of things . One thing is to play football really , really well so for the Catalonian people , the team is really important . "  Not only the soccer team because we have basketball , handball and a lot of sports . I think the Catalonian people really identify with Barcelona -- the fans are really proud of the team and the club . " The magic of Messi If Barcelona is a symbol of pride for Catalonia , then so is its prized possession -- Lionel Messi . The Argentina striker was crowned FIFA World Player of the Year four times in a row -- that run was ended by Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo this week -- and is feted as one of the greatest footballers the game has ever produced . He moved to Spain to join the famed La Masia academy aged 11 , alongside Pique , and has spearheaded Barca 's assault on all the glittering prizes club football has to offer . The team has claimed 16 trophies since the start of the 2008 season , when Pique returned after a four-year spell at Manchester United in England , and Messi 's mountain of goals during that time have played an instrumental part in their success . And Pique says it is a privilege to play with the 26-year-old , who netted an incredible 91 times in 2012 . "  I was at the Golden Boot  awards  when he won and it was just amazing what he did , " he says . "  It does n't matter now if he 's injured and there 's some people that are saying maybe now he 's not the best , but for me he always will be the best . "  He made all these fans in Barcelona enjoy a lot , playing such a great football and he made us win a lot -- the Champions League , the league . "  We understand each other just with a look one to the other . People like Lionel Messi or Cesc Fabregas , it 's been like half of my life playing with them since we were 12 or 13 so we know each other a lot . "  When we are on the pitch , we know what he will do , what Leo will do because we 've known each other for a long , long time . " Move to Manchester For a spell early in Pique 's career though , it looked like his Barcelona dream would n't be realized . He moved to join Manchester United in 2004 , spending four years under the tutelage of Alex Ferguson , one of the most decorated managers in the history of the game . Pique credits his time in England as a steep learning curve , adapting to new methods on the field , and a new language and culture off it . "  I went there as a kid and I think I came back here in Barcelona as a man , " he says of the time he spent under Ferguson , whose 26 years at United were littered with trophies . World Cup dream With Barca top of the Spanish league and having made it to the quarterfinals of the Champions League , another silverware-laden club season awaits . But looming large on the horizon is the World Cup in Brazil , where Spain can become only the third team in history to defend the title . "  My goal is to try to win it again , " Pique says . "  I think our careers are not very long . You can play 12 or 15 , maybe 20 years if you are a good professional and you are lucky with the injuries -- you have to try to win anything you can . "  There are some really good players that did n't win anything in their careers , and we are really lucky to be part of a team like Barcelona and a team like the national team of Spain . " Even if Pique 's career was to conclude tomorrow , he could still look back on a litany of fond memories and several years of almost unparalleled success . And it is almost certainly his deep bond with Barcelona will persist long after he hands up his boots . "  Now I 'm 26 and I hope I can play here for I do n't know six , seven , eight years more but you never know what will happen in the future . "  Maybe as a coach ; I can not see myself now being a coach but maybe as a president , you never know . "	Gerard Pique plays football for Spanish giants FC Barcelona Pique 's partner is pop star Shakira , and they have a young son , Milan The 26-year-old says the couple try to maintain a normal life amid the attention Pique has won 19 domestic trophies and lifted the World Cup with Spain in 2010
CNN  -- A popular antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections can cause abnormal -- and possibly fatal -- heart rhythms in some patients , according to a new warning from the Food and Drug Administration . The drug , azithromycin , sells under the name Zithromax or Zmax and is commonly sold in what 's called a Z-Pak . The FDA warning comes after the agency reviewed a study on the drug that was published last May in the New England Journal of Medicine , as well as another study by a manufacturer of the antibiotic . The warning is "  not the result of adverse event reports related to azithromycin , " according to an FDA spokeswoman . Researchers at Vanderbilt University looked at the records of thousands of Tennessee Medicaid patients over a period of 14 years . They found a 2.5 times higher risk of death from heart disease in the first five days of using a Z-Pak when compared to another common antibiotic or no antibiotics at all . The drug may cause changes in the electrical activity of the heart , according to the FDA . People with underlying heart problems seem to be especially vulnerable to developing this condition , said Wayne Ray , professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt and the study 's lead researcher . The FDA said patients who have low blood levels of potassium or magnesium are at a higher risk . Patients who have a slower than normal heart rate or are already taking drugs to treat arrhythmias should also be cautious . Ray told CNN it 's unclear why azithromycin can cause heart issues . He pointed out that similar antibiotics , such as amoxicillin , have also been found to cause heart arrhythmia . Pfizer , which produces the drug , released a statement Tuesday , saying : "  The majority of patients treated with Zithromax  azithromycin  are not affected by this label update . " So should people with heart problems stop taking the drug ? Not necessarily . "  This just adds another ` con , ' " said Ray . He said it 's important to ask your doctor the follow questions : How serious is the infection ? If I use a Z-Pak could it aggravate any underlying health issues ? Are there any other antibiotics that could work just as well ? Ray said doctors often prescribe Z-Paks because the drug only needs to be taken for five days , versus the 10-day periods that are typical with other antibiotics . Drug labels for azithromycin have been updated to include warnings about this risk , the FDA said .	Antibiotic sells under the name Zithromax or Zmax Study found 2.5 times higher risk of death in the first five days of using the drug Pfizer says majority of patients treated with the drug are not affected
CNN  -- The videos and photographs are numbered in the dozens , every one of them telling a fragment of a terrible story : toddlers breathing their last gasp , the bodies of children laid out in rows and covered in blocks of ice , their faces pale and expressionless . Elsewhere , dozens of white shrouds appear to hold the corpses of adults , the names of the victims written hurriedly on the cloth . There was some sort of ghastly event in the suburbs of Damascus early on Wednesday : the sheer volume of material uploaded within a short time span and the consistent testimony of medical staff attest to that . But there are as many questions as answers . The victims showed no sign of injury ; there was none of the bloodshed associated with artillery attacks , no wounded , dust-covered people being dug from buildings reduced to ruins . It was impossible to know how many had died and exactly where or why . By the end of the day , the Local Coordination Committees were reporting that more than 1,300 people had been killed in areas around Damascus , some 400 in the neighborhood of Zamalka alone . Even by the standards of Syria 's remorseless conflict , that would represent a catastrophic day . But there was no way to verify such figures : mass burials began within hours , and of course , there was no access to the area for independent observers . Mistrust between U.S. , Syrian rebels hinders military aid Accusations fly Opposition activists almost immediately alleged President Bashar al-Assad 's regime had used chemical weapons against districts long controlled by rebel groups . It is not the first such allegation ; some activists were soon claiming the regime had used sarin , a nerve agent that it is widely thought to possess . Residents spoke of dizziness and choking , convulsions and difficulty breathing , which would be consistent with the symptoms of sarin poisoning . But some victims appeared to have died in their sleep , undisturbed , according to local reports . The Syrian government dismissed the claims of chemical weapons being used as "  disillusioned and fabricated . " Some opposition activists say the toxin used may have been "  Agent 15 , " also known as BZ . Its full name is 3-quinuclidinyl benzilate , and it affects both the peripheral and central nervous systems . The opposition claimed that BZ was used in tank shells fired in the city of Homs last December . A doctor in the city told the online publication "  The Cable " soon after that the victims "  all had miosis -- pinpoint pupils . They also had generalized muscle pain . There were also bad symptoms as far as their central nervous system . There were generalized seizures , and some patients had partial seizures . " Physicians for Human Rights , a non-governmental organization , says that BZ induces a "  severely altered mental status  hallucinations , giddiness , confusion  ; lack of secretions -- dry mucous membranes , dry mouth , eyes , skin ; dilated pupils , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting . " But the reports from Homs , like so many of the allegations to emerge from Syria , were never confirmed . The next month , the U.S. State Department said it had "  found no credible evidence to corroborate or to confirm that chemical weapons were used " in Homs . Some experts doubt the Assad regime possesses BZ . Perhaps more significant is an account from the spring of this year , when Jean-Philippe Remy from the French newspaper Le Monde spent weeks in and around Jobar , the opposition-held district on the edge of Damascus that saw many of the casualties early Wednesday . "  No odor , no smoke , not even a whistle to indicate the release of a toxic gas , " he reported "  And then the symptoms appear . The men cough violently . Their eyes burn , their pupils shrink , their vision blurs . Soon they experience difficulty breathing , sometimes in the extreme ; they begin to vomit or lose consciousness . " "  The people who arrive have trouble breathing , " a doctor told Le Monde . "  They 've lost their hearing , they can not speak , their respiratory muscles have been inert . If we do n't give them immediate emergency treatment , death ensues . " "  In Jobar , the fighters did not desert their positions , but those who stayed on the front lines -- with constricted pupils and wheezing breath , " Remy reported . Syrian refugees stream into Iraq Outsiders unsure of the cause Independent experts who studied Wednesday 's videos were unsure of the cause . Gwyn Winfield , editorial director at the magazine CBRNe World -- which reports on chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or explosives use -- analyzed the videos and wrote on the magazine 's site : "  Clearly respiratory distress , some nerve spasms and a half-hearted washdown  involving water and bare hands ?  , but it could equally be a riot control agent as a  chemical warfare agent  . " The allegations that some sort of chemical weapons were used came amid an ongoing government assault on rebel-held areas around Damascus - such as Douma and Mouadamiya - with artillery and air strikes further complicating the picture . The Syrian military 's goal is to push the rebels back , thereby reducing mortar attacks on the heart of the capital . That offensive continued Wednesday , according to opposition activists in Jobar and Ghouta . Some analysts speculated that a stockpile of chemical agents may have been hit by shelling , whether controlled by the rebels or the regime . But that would not explain the number of neighborhoods -- some several miles apart -- where the same symptoms were reported among victims . U.N. chemical weapons inspectors in Damascus There is also the question of motive and timing , if regime forces were responsible . Just a few miles from those terrible scenes , a team of United Nations chemical weapons inspectors -- led by a well-qualified Swede -- were asleep at their hotel . Russia -- an ally of the Assad regime -- made that point immediately . A Foreign Ministry statement from Moscow noted that "  the criminal act was committed near Damascus at the very moment when a mission of U.N. experts had successfully started their work of investigating allegations of the possible use of chemical weapons there . " But the terms of the inspectors ' visit are tightly prescribed ; they are only permitted to visit three sites where chemical weapons are alleged to have been used in the past . Government forces did not appear to be in imminent danger of being overrun by rebel factions in the areas concerned ; in fact , many observers believe a bloody stalemate has set in around Damascus . And regime forces have also made gains recently against rebels around Homs and elsewhere . Why would it risk an action that would likely kill hundreds in a heavily-populated area and risk stirring up an international appetite for intervention ? Would it also have risked using an agent as lethal as sarin just a few kilometers from the heart of Damascus -- to both the southwest and northeast of the city -- on what appears to have been a quite windy night ? The European Union believes the Syrian government was the most likely culprit . "  We have seen with grave concern the reports of the possible use of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime , said the EU 's Foreign Policy chief , Catherine Ashton . "  Such accusations should be immediately and thoroughly investigated . " The White House made a very similar statement . In a familiar ritual , Russia quickly pointed the finger at rebel forces , alleging that "  a homemade rocket , analogous to that which was used by terrorists on the 19th of March in Khan al-Asal , containing a so-far-undefined poisonous substance , was launched from positions held by the fighters " early on Wednesday morning . The incident in Khan al-Asal , near Aleppo , was reported to have left 19 people dead . Some observers also point to claims on jihadist websites that rebels have seized chemical weapons equipment after overrunning government bases such as one outside Aleppo in July 2012 . Supporters of the Assad government claim that Wednesday 's reports are very convenient for the opposition as it tries to spur the international community to action just as events in Egypt have claimed the front pages . Little hope for change George Sabra , president of the Syrian National Council , an umbrella group of Assad opponents , said in Istanbul : "  It 's not the first time in which the regime used chemical weapons ... but it presents a move by the regime , because they are doing it with impunity ... The United Nations will be puzzled , and the U.S. will announce more red lines , and will leave it in the air . " Given the stated positions of the great powers , an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council seems unlikely to prompt decisive international action . Perhaps the world will never know whether the events of August 21 , 2013 , around Damascus amounted to the most widespread use of chemical agents since Saddam Hussein 's bombardment of the Kurdish town of Halabja 25 years before . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Videos of suffering and dying Syrians suggest a chemical attack , but verification is difficult Bashar al-Assad 's government , rebels trade accusations , denials about event on Wednesday Outside experts are unsure if there was a chemical attack , and if so , what agent was used
CNN  -- A Washington man is facing federal child pornography charges after allegedly recording and posting online the sexual assault of an 8-year-old girl at an elementary school where he was once the PTA president . Federal prosecutors say David M. Navarro , 37 , shot a cellphone video of the girl performing oral sex at Belfair Elementary School -- and shared it on the web . Court documents do n't say whether Navarro was the man in the video . At the time of the incident , Navarro was the president of Belfair 's parent-teacher association . Navarro faces multiple charges , including the production , ownership , and distribution of child pornography . Court documents reveal Navarro was arrested and charged in San Diego in 2009 for "  lewd and lascivious acts with a child " as well as "  indecent exposure , " but the charges were dismissed due to a lack of evidence . Police : Florida man linked to up to 1 million child porn videos , images North Mason School District Superintendent David Peterson issued a statement Wednesday , describing Navarro as a "  school volunteer " who passed a "  State Patrol " background check in 2011 . He also said he has been in contact with the lead FBI investigators , saying "  the FBI informed us today that this is not something the school could reasonably have prevented . " Peterson assured parents that the North Mason School District "  takes the responsibility of the safety and welfare of all students extremely seriously . " U.S. Federal authorities were tipped off to the information by investigators in Denmark and Australia , who came across a "  large number of files " of suspected child pornography , which had been appearing on sites across the globe . Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting Upon closer inspection , investigators discovered a GPS stamp in one of the videos , with the coordinates matching those of Belfair Elementary School . Investigators then alerted the FBI , who arrested Navarro four days later . Court documents indicate authorities were worried that the assaults were ongoing . An FBI special agent , submitting a letter to the court , alleges that Navarro 's e-mail account was linked to an "  account on a website known by law enforcement to post ... child pornography . " The agent said Navarro appears to have posted at least 14 photos to the website , including one of the girl who appears in the video . Authorities believe Navarro created at least six videos in which the 8-year-old girl was sexually assaulted . U.S. investigators also searched Navarro 's Belfair home Friday , and seized two pairs of boxer shorts , at least 10 computers , and an iPhone 5 , which they suspect was used to make the illegal videos . Navarro is currently jailed , pending a detention hearing , which is scheduled for Thursday at a federal courthouse in Tacoma , Washington . Google seeks to scrub web of child porn	School district says the man passed a background check "  This is not something the school could reasonably have prevented , " it says Feds were tipped off by investigators in Denmark and Australia
CNN  -- Some cities and theaters around the country tightened security on Friday in the wake of a deadly shooting inside a Colorado movie house . Here is a partial list of the steps taken : AMC Theatres The company said it is reinforcing security procedures with its theater teams . It will not permit guests in costumes that make others uncomfortable , nor will it allow face-covering masks or fake weapons , AMC said in a news release . Though it declined to provide exact details of what it was doing , citing security concerns , the company said it is working with local law enforcement agencies , its landlords and security teams to "  ensure we provide the safest environment possible for our guests . " Los Angeles After the Colorado shooting , Los Angeles police dispatched officers to major venues where "  The Dark Knight Rises " was playing . The Aurora , Colorado , theater was screening the new Batman film when the gunman opened fire . The department said it will increase officers at area theaters and other places where large crowds gather . "  Today , and in the immediate future , the LAPD will be providing high-visibility patrol to major theaters in Los Angeles , as well as other sporting events , concerts and crowded venues , " police said in a statement . Shootings cast pall over ` Dark Knight Rises ' blockbuster weekend Dallas The Dallas Police Department instructed its patrol officers to provide "  extra visibility " at public locations , like movie theaters , where large groups of people gather , it said in a release . The department also told them to be extra vigilant at such locations , stressing that police in the Texas city have been trained on what to do in a situation like the one that unfolded in Colorado . In Aurora , the agonized seek answers through faith New York City Police were posted at more than three dozen New York City theaters showing "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The NYPD said it was not responding to any specific threat ; rather , it was hoping to prevent copycats . "  We 're just concerned that someone perhaps seeking notoriety will attempt to do something similar , " said New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . "  We always hear that when a high-profile event happens , so we 're doing this to sort of raise the comfort level of people who are going to the movies . " Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media Tampa , Florida "  In an abundance of caution , " police in Tampa will increase patrols around theaters , the department said in a statement . All "  traditional " theaters in the city hire off-duty officers in the evening hours , and since the Colorado shooting some have contacted the department to hire officers for the daytime , too , police said . They currently conduct active-shooter trainings for shopping malls , large employers , schools and other facilities . That training will soon be offered to movie theaters , the department said . Shooting turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' New Orleans New Orleans has just two movie theaters , and in an effort to protect against possible copycat incidents , commanders in the neighborhoods where those houses are located contacted the theaters to talk about their security plans , said police spokeswoman Remi Braden . "  As a super-precautionary measure , " they hired some officers to work this weekend , she said . Aspiring sports reporter feared dead in shooting District of Columbia Again , "  as a precautionary measure , " police in the District of Columbia said they will be paying close attention to area movie theaters . That directive was given as soon as the department was made aware of the Colorado shooting , said Assistant Chief Lamar Greene . He said police are focusing on theaters in general , and in particular on places that are screening the new Batman film . iReporter witness : ` We have to run ' Montgomery County , Maryland Police in Montgomery County , a suburb just north of the District of Columbia , will increase their presence at movie theaters this weekend as needed , according to spokesman Capt. Paul Starks . Many theaters have their own security , including off-duty police officers , he said . Moviegoers passing on planned trips ?	Police say they want to discourage the potential for copycat incidents Some are beefing up security at theaters , particularly those with "  The Dark Knight Rises " AMC Theaters says it will not allow face-covering masks or fake weapons
EW.com  -- It 's been an interesting year for Charlie Sheen . From getting fired from his gig on "  Two and a Half Men " to flooding Twitter with non-sensical ramblings  #winning anyone ?  , and most recently , appearing on the Emmys to wish his old co-stars good luck , he 's had his share of ups and downs . And tonight , he got called out for them . Comedians Seth MacFarlane , Jon Lovitz , Jeffrey Ross and Mike Tyson  ?  , among others , were all on-hand for Sheen 's sometimes brutal Comedy Central roast , which aired shortly after his character 's mock funeral on Two and a Half Men  poetic timing much ?  . The comedians took a no-holds barred approach , taking aim at Sheen 's history of employing prostitutes and using drugs  read eight of the meanest jokes here  . Even Sheen 's kids were n't off-limits . "  If you 're winning , this must not be a child custody hearing , said Ross . "  The only time your kids get to see you is in reruns -- do n't you want to live to see their first 12 steps ? " Sheen laughed and applauded . The comedian also singled out Sheen 's ex-wife Brooke Mueller  who was in the audience  , in an especially touchy bit alluding to the actor 's previous domestic violence charges . " -LSB- Brooke Mueller -RSB- is not very bright unless Charlie throws a lamp at her , " Ross said . He later added , while addressing Tyson , "  There 's no denying the fact that Mike Tyson had the hardest hitting right hook in history -- your opponents spent more time bleeding in the corner than Charlie 's ex-wives . " For his part , Sheen seemed to take it all in stride and even fired back with some zingers of his own  "  I 'm done with ` the winning ' because I 've already won "  . Although , it 's hard to imagine he did n't feel a single singe while sitting in that hot seat . But how about you ? Did the heat from Sheen 's roast make you uncomfortable ? Or were you enjoying the skewering ? Do you think the jokes went too far ? Or was it all fair game ? Weigh in with your take in the comments below . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Charlie Sheen has had his share of ups and downs The comedians took a no-holds barred approach Sheen fired back with his own zingers
CNN  From beneath his bed , an asylum seeker types messages on a phone smuggled into Manus Island detention center in Papua New Guinea , as two friends keep watch . "  No crime to seek asylum , we are in manus jail . " He 's been there for 18 months and now finds himself witness to a mass hunger strike by as many as 700 fellow asylum seekers or transferees , as they 're called . He said he has n't joined them because he fears that the respect he has in the compound means he could be singled out as a troublemaker , and that if he was taken to the medical center , he would n't be allowed back . He has asked not to be named . Photos sent from the mobile phone he keeps hidden from guards show dozens of hunger strikers lying bare-chested on the concrete floor of the detention compound . "  Many people fall , " he wrote , sending an image of man lying outside on the gravel with the message : "  no power in his body . " Asylum seekers in the Australian offshore processing center have been declining food for nine days . They 're protesting against the Canberra government 's plans to send around 50 confirmed refugees to another facility in Lorengau , the capital of Manus Province . The first of the transfers are due to start on Thursday . Both the PNG and the Australian governments have said that the move is only temporary , and it 's part of a program that will see some refugees resettled elsewhere in Papua New Guinea . Still , the asylum seekers -- and government critics -- have expressed concerns . "  It 's simply moving them to a different type of accommodation , an accommodation that asylum seekers are fearful is not going to keep them safe from resentment in the local community , " said Australian Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young , an outspoken critic of the government 's policy . So fearful are they of moving , some asylum seekers have resorted to self-harm . The PNG government has confirmed some have sewn their lips together , or swallowed washing powder or metal filaments from disposable razors . Authorities have not revealed how many people have been treated by medical staff at the site , and information coming from advocates and those inside the prison is difficult to confirm . "  It 's extremely challenging to verify the information that we 're getting , " said Amnesty International 's Graeme McGregor , who said even under normal circumstances communication for the asylum seekers is "  very limited . " On Monday afternoon , security forces ended a standoff with transferees in the Delta compound , one of four compounds at the center . The transferees had barricaded the gates so that no one could enter or leave . PNG 's Foreign Affairs Minister Rimbink Pato said the standoff was resolved peacefully with no serious injury . In contrast , advocates said the compound came under "  attack " by security forces and transferees were seen being dragged away in handcuffs . Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Tuesday conceded a "  degree of force " was involved , but said the PNG government deserved praise for its professionalism in handling the situation . Earlier he accused some advocates of aggravating the situation by spreading "  false and misleading claims , " including reports the asylum seekers were being denied food and water . "  There are no false and misleading claims and the minister ca n't point to any , " said Ian Rintoul , from the Refugee Action Coalition in Sydney . "  Yet again , the immigration department tends to point to some unspoken , unnamed minority when it 's really the government 's policy that are really the driving force of the protests . " Conditions in the detention center have been the subject of criticism and complaint since it re-opened in November 2012 as the primary site for the processing of offshore asylum claims for people who arrive in Australian waters by boat . The Australian government has said the center meets international obligations . Since then , the mental health of the transferees has suffered , according to rights advocates , and relations with the local community have been damaged to the point that the men fear for their lives outside the center 's perimeter . "  They 've had constant threats , just last week , that they will be killed , that  locals  will settle accounts with them outside the detention center , " Rintoul said . The worst of the threats started 12 months ago , when a 23-year-old Iranian asylum seeker , Reza Berati , was killed after days of protests erupted into violence . Dozens were injured during clashes between asylum seekers , guards and locals who entered the facility . An independent report commissioned by the government into the riot found Berati "  suffered a severe brain injury caused by a brutal beating by several assailants and died a few hours later . " Last summer , two PNG nationals were arrested , including the alleged leader of the attack who had been employed at the center . The alleged involvement of locals -- and the fact that several alleged assailants may still be at large -- has raised fears inside the detention center that they 'll be targeted if not protected . The government has said security is adequate and refugees can call on the police if needed . Senator Hanson-Young visited the island before the riot , in 2013 , and said even then it was clear to her that the local feeling of animosity toward the asylum seekers was "  pretty severe . " "  The local community think they 're criminals in a prison . They think they are people who must have done something wrong -- and they 're being told that these people are going to be living in their community , " she said . But she said a lot of the ill feeling relates to the huge pay disparity between the local and the expat employees . "  The locals get paid $ 4.50 and hour , versus the $ 45 per hour for expats . That has always an issue of contention that has led to a lot of resentment about the facility overall , " she said . From his contraband phone , the transferee sends more images of signs , the words written neatly in capital letters on sheets hung in the compound . "  TO AUSTRALIAN GOVERNMENT . STOP TORTURING US . IF YOU THINK WE DO N'T DESERVE AUS . THEN HAND OVER ALL OF US TO THE UN . WE DO N'T WANT YOUR HELP ! " The Australian government has said the Manus Island transferees are free to return to Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran , or wherever they came from . If they ask , they 'll receive government assistance to go back . However , Senator Hanson-Young said that option is not being taken up by desperate people who once fled in fear of their lives . "  Anyone who is still left here now is because they 've got no other choice . " Asked why he does n't volunteer to leave , the transferee texts : "  I will die if I go back . "	Hunger strikes enter ninth day on Manus Island , Papua New Guinea 1,200 asylum seekers who entered Australian waters have been taken there for processing They fear plans to move some to another facility will leave them vulnerable to attack from locals
CNN  -- This year 's Fuji Rock Festival in Japan could be the most difficult for Masahiro Hidaka . He 's the festival 's organizer who over 15 years has faced down typhoons and musicians ' monstrous egos to successfully host the annual three day music festival in the picturesque mountains of western Japan . But with the aftermath of the March earthquake and tsunami still unfolding in the northeast of the country , Hidaka is looking for ways to mark the gravity of the situation while allowing the thousands who visit each year to unwind and enjoy themselves . "  I think it will be a very emotional time for my staff and the audience , " he says . "  We watched , like everyone else , the whole thing on TV . It is very hard to put into words my feeling as I have many friends in the disaster region and it 's my country . Nobody deserves such horror . " "  Jishuku "  self-restraint  has been added to the collective somber mood across the county and like many businesses in Japan , public events and festivals have suffered as a result . Hundreds of local cultural events and festivities have been cancelled or postponed indefinitely in the few months following the disaster . The Kabuto Metal Festival and Punkspring music festival were called off and it was reported that Japan 's biggest classical music concert , La Folle Jouree au Japon , saw a large number of its musicians pull out . While some have been cancelled out of respect for the suffering of those in the disaster-hit area , some have been affected by the apprehension of some to visit Japan in troubled times ; tourism to Japan has been hit hard , with a drop of 50 % in visitor numbers in March 2011 compared with 12 months earlier . Johnny "  Fingers " Moylett , Hidaka 's co-producer of Fuji Rock , says that none of the bands has pulled out of their event scheduled for the end of July because of fears surrounding the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant . However he admitted that ticket sales over the past couple of months had been much slower than in previous years . Hidaka says he had to reassure many international bands that it would be safe for them to play at the festival , yet many of them responded really positively to the crisis with some joining the "  Benefit for Nippon " charity concert that took place in London last month . In many ways Hidaka believes the festival will be more vital than ever this year . "  It will be  the first major gathering and a time for release of all the terrible times and tension that has been winding up inside . "	Natural disaster and nuclear crisis has affected Japan 's collective mood Festivals and events have been cancelled ; Fuji Rock festival still planned for July Organizer says ticket sales slower , but no bands have pulled out over nuclear fears
CNN  -- When she was 12 , Jennifer Traig 's hands were red and raw from washing them so much . She 'd start scrubbing a half an hour before dinner ; when she was done , she 'd hold her hands up like a surgeon until her family sat down to eat . Her handwashing compulsions began at the time she was studying for her Bat Mitzvah . She was so worried about being exposed to pork fumes that she cleaned her shoes and barrettes in a washing machine . "  Like a lot of people with OCD , I tended to obsess about cleanliness , " said Traig , now 42 . "  But because I was reading various Torah portions , I was obsessed with a biblical definition of cleanliness . " Family dinners were awkward for Tina Fariss Barbour , too , as an adolescent . She would concentrate so hard on praying for forgiveness that if anyone tried to interrupt her thoughts , she would n't respond . "  First I had to get rid of all my sins , ask forgiveness , do it in the right way , and then I had to pray for protection , " said Barbour , now 50 . "  Or , if something bad happened to my family , it would be my fault because I had not prayed good enough . " The women come from different faith backgrounds : Barbour is Methodist and Traig is Jewish . But as children they believed fervently that they needed to conduct their own rituals and prayers , or else disaster would befall their families . Both women say they suffered from a form of obsessive-compulsive disorder known as scrupulosity . A fear of sin or punishment from deities characterizes this condition , said Jonathan Abramowitz , professor and associate chairman of the department of psychology at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill . Obsessive Compulsive Disorder , or OCD , involves unwanted thoughts  "  obsessions "  and accompanying behaviors called compulsions that patients use to reduce anxiety . In scrupulosity , the obsessions have a religious or moral underpinning . Patients with scrupulosity often describe how they believe their thoughts are morally equivalent to actions , Abramowitz said . Psychologists call this phenomenon "  thought-action fusion . " "  Scrupulosity literally means ` fearing sin where there is none , ' " Abramowitz and colleague Ryan Jacoby wrote in a recent article . How common is this condition ? Scrupulosity is an understudied subcategory of OCD . Attempts at characterizing how many people might have this disorder , from the 1990s and early 2000s , suggested that somewhere between 5 % and 33 % of OCD patients have religious obsessions . Scientists are not sure what causes OCD , but they believe a combination of genetic and environmental factors may be at play . In societies where religiosity is more stringent , the numbers are higher : 50 % of OCD patients in Saudi Arabia and 60 % in Egypt said they had religious obsessions , according to studies from the early 1990s . A small number of people with scrupulosity are not religious at all , and a fear of moral transgression or inadvertently offending others weighs on their conscience , Abramowitz said . Psychologists do not believe that religion causes people to develop OCD . However , religion may influence whether someone with OCD experiences obsessions and compulsions related to religion , Abramowitz said . A tendency to get anxious and difficulties with uncertainty may factor into the condition , Abramowitz said . And , he pointed out , the vast majority of religious people do not have OCD . Many "  scrupulous " people Abramowitz has met consider religion to be an important part of their lives , but they may avoid institutions such as churches , synagogues or mosques because it reminds them too much of their anxieties . "  They 're walking around with this black cloud of ` I 'm going to hell , ' " Abramowitz said . Such a cloud has been been present for centuries . The OCD History Website cites passages from the first century priest and essayist Plutarch and sixth century monk John Climacus that could be interpreted as descriptions of scrupulosity . St. Ignatius of Loyola , founder of the Jesuits , who died in 1556 , appears to have suffered from the condition , said William Van Ornum , professor of psychology at Marist College . Ignatius wrote about his fears about stepping on something that looked like a cross . There have also been suggestions that Martin Luther experienced scrupulous obsessions , Van Ornum said . Robert Waters , a retired Lutheran minister , runs an online support network called The Scrupe Group . He said it has about 1,000 members , including Christians of several denominations , Jews , and at least one Hindu and one Muslim . Waters , who has suffered from scrupulosity personally , offers pastoral advice , but also tries to help people overcome their distrust of their own judgment . "  I think that 's really a major part of it : To get to the point where people form their own consciences and do n't rely on other people 's , " he said . Did I do it right ? Scrupulosity often involves a lot of checking , Abramowitz said . Patients experience distress around the idea that they may have done something wrong or improper , so they may consult the Bible or religious authority figures often to see if they 're doing things right . Consulting people and books is n't pathological , but in scrupulosity the behavior of checking is excessive compared to other religious people . Barbour often confessed bad thoughts to her parents or religious leaders . Feelings of guilt followed her for years . "  OCD makes you think in black and white , " she said . "  There are no gray areas . Clean or not . Good or bad . There 's nothing in between . " Barbour attended a religious school run by evangelical Christians . The altar calls , when the devout are asked to come forward and commit to Jesus Christ , heightened her anxieties about being good enough . She was also taught that if she had unforgiven sins , God could not hear her . Her obsessions took a toll on schoolwork , too . Texts were difficult to read without reviewing the same passage over and over , a problem people with other forms of OCD experience . Traig did n't have a complete Jewish education ; she invented her own prayers to say three times a day , until a rabbi taught her the actual words . Rather than fearing sin , which has a distinct meaning in Christianity , Traig was worried she would be punished if she did n't practice her religion correctly . "  I could n't have put my finger on what the punishment would be , " she said . "  Just a sense of doom . " When the space shuttle Challenger exploded in 1986 , killing the crew of seven , Traig felt partially responsible . Her OCD flared up around ages 12 to 13 , and again from 16 to 17 . With a Christian mother and a nonpracticing Jewish father , living in rural California , Traig did n't have many models of what Judaism could look like without constant anxiety about botching rituals . Learning how to doubt in a healthy way The form of cognitive behavioral therapy used with scrupulous patients is called exposure therapy . This involves the patient confronting what he or she fears : Namely , uncertainty . Some people Abramowitz has worked with are anxious that they sometimes doubt their own belief in God . In therapy , they practice learning to live with the faith and uncertainty that normally surrounds religious beliefs . "  This is done by helping the patient to experience these types of uncertainties and learn that they , like any other religious person , can live with them comfortably , " Abramowitz said . Triggers of obsessive thoughts , such as a religious symbol or scriptural passage or even going to church , would be part of therapy . "  Faith is about being comfortable with your beliefs even if you ca n't have a 100 % guarantee about things like hell , whether there is really a God , or what it means to be faithful enough , " Abramowitz said . "  You 're taught to have faith , even though you can not have scientific proof . " Keeping up religious traditions can be another source of anxiety . Ultra-religious Orthodox Jews , for instance , follow strict rules about separating milk from meat , and some consider this tenet so sacred that they have separate refrigerators for meat and dairy . Some people with scrupulosity develop anxieties around this rule , going as far as to avoid the milk refrigerator altogether while carrying meat . In exposure therapy , the patient might walk past the milk refrigerator while holding meat to confront her fear , Abramowitz said . That does n't violate Jewish law , but confronts the fear of using the wrong refrigerator by mistake . Some patients may also receive Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors , drugs that are also used to treat depression , according to the International OCD Foundation . Treatment sessions are usually once a week , between 12 and 20 times , or five days a week for three weeks , Abramowitz said . Members of the patient 's faith community may be involved in the treatment , too . Religious but without OCD Overcoming scrupulosity does not need to mean giving up religion . Waters left the Lutheran church at age 19 in part because of his OCD , but returned in his mid-20s , and was inspired to go to seminary at age 31 . He came to realize that faith is partly about letting go of the idea that any individual can control all circumstances or prevent every tragedy . "  The process of coming back to the church was as much a part of the recovery as the therapy was , " he said . Barbour got a diagnosis of OCD at age 26 . She still slips into anxiety occasionally , but therapy has given her tools to fight back . Rather than trying to stop her obsessions , she imagines her thoughts flowing like a river , and takes deep breaths . She runs a blog called "  Bringing Along OCD . " Traig did talk therapy , but not specifically for OCD . She overcame her thought and behavior patterns in college , when she had to live with others her own age and feared being socially ostracized . She wrote a book discussing her experiences called "  Devil in the Details . " Today , she identifies with a blend of Conservative and Orthodox Judaism , and has a 3-year-old son and a 5-year-old daughter . Her daughter ca n't read prayer books , but she 'll announce "  I have to go say my prayers ! " and invent a chant . Traig knows OCD has genetic links . She 's also grateful that there 's greater awareness and more treatment options for this condition than when she was a teen . If her daughter 's prayer antics ever turn obsessive , she said , "  We 're on that right away . " International OCD Foundation : Scrupulosity Fact Sheet Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	OCD with religious obsessions is called scrupulosity St. Ignatius of Loyola , founder of Jesuits , and Martin Luther may have suffered from the condition Exposure therapy helps patients face uncertainty
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Ivorians appeared Monday to be ignoring the call for a general strike by the man widely recognized as the Ivory Coast 's legitimate leader following last month 's presidential run-off election . "  The call for the strike was not followed , " the assistant press officer for the LIberian Embassy in Washington , Cinthia Guibi , told CNN . "  People went to work ; it was just normal . " A reporter in this port city said businesses appeared open as usual , despite Alassane Ouattara 's call over the weekend for the strike to force incumbent Laurent Gbagbo from power after his apparent loss in the November 28 presidential runoff . The Ivory Coast 's Independent Electoral Commission has named Ouattara , an opposition leader , as the winner . But its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared that incumbent Gbagbo won . Ouattara 's demand came amid mounting international pressure on Gbagbo to step down . In Paris , French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero told reporters Monday that the ministry had received an official request from Ouattara 's backers to put his ambassador into place , and was reviewing the person 's credentials . The Ivory Coast has been paralyzed by the political stalemate , and scores of people have died in related violence . International powers , including the United States , the United Nations and the African Union , have recognized Ouattara as the winner and urged Gbagbo to cede power . About 14,000 Ivory Coast residents escaping the instability and violence have fled to eastern Liberia , according to the U.N. refugee agency . A few deaths have been reported among the refugees , including a child who drowned during the crossing of the Cestos River into Butuo , Liberia . Observers saw malnourished children and people with malaria , respiratory infections and diarrhea . Sixty-two percent of the refugees are children and 55 percent are female , Liberia 's representative to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Ibrahima Coly , told CNN on Monday . "  So far , the Liberian population has welcomed these people in a very warm way and they are sharing whatever they have , " he said from Monrovia . In general , the refugees are "  physically OK , " he said . "  We have come across a few people who have their feet swollen because they have been walking for more than two or three days before reaching the border . We have seen also some kids who look a bit tired or malnourished , but these are really a limited number so far . " Last Friday , the 15-member Economic Community of West African States said it would not hesitate to use "  legitimate force " if necessary to defuse the crisis . The African Union has suspended Ivory Coast from the organization "  until such a time the democratically elected president effectively assumes state power . " The World Bank has halted lending and disbursing funds to Ivory Coast and has closed its office in the country . Kyung-wha Kang , the U.N. deputy high commissioner for human rights , has said that between December 16 and December 21 , human rights officers had "  substantiated allegations of 173 killings , 90 instances of torture and ill treatment , 471 arrests and detentions and 24 cases of enforced or involuntary disappearances . " She added that the actual numbers may be higher since restrictions on movement by U.N. personnel have made it "  impossible to investigate all the allegations of serious human rights violations , including reports of mass graves . " While acknowledging "  the situation is very , very difficult to live " in , Charles Ble Goude -- the nation 's youth minister under Gbagbo -- disputed the U.N. report 's findings . He said Gbagbo supporters were not to blame for the violence . Instead , he accused Ouattara 's supporters of using weapons at what had been billed as peaceful rallies to attack soldiers . Journalist Eric Agnero in Abidjan , CNN 's Niki Cook in Paris and CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	NEW : French government reviewing credentials of Ouattara 's choice for ambassador In Abidjan , businesses appeared open as usual "  The call for the strike was not followed , " the Liberian Embassy 's spokeswoman says Most of the 14,000 refugees who have fled into Liberia are children
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The Kenyan government plans to appeal a warrant issued by its high court calling for the arrest of the Sudanese president over alleged war crimes . A Kenyan judge on Monday ruled that President Omar al-Bashir be arrested if he sets foot in the nation again after the government failed to execute an International Criminal Court warrant when he visited Nairobi last year . The ruling sparked a diplomatic row between the two nations , with Sudan expelling the Kenyan ambassador and recalling its envoy to the nation . A day after the ruling , Kenya 's foreign minister described it as " unhelpful " and pledged to ensure it does not undermine relations between the two nations . "  Since our judicial system provides for right of appeal , we shall carefully look at the judgment with a view to requesting the Attorney General to expeditiously prefer an appeal in the matter , " Moses Wetang ` ula said in a statement Tuesday . The high court ruling was the result of a case that the International Commission of Jurists  ICJ  brought against Kenya 's attorney general and internal security minster in 2010 . Al-Bashir visited Kenya last year to attend the signing ceremonies for the nation 's new constitution . At the time , Kenyan officials said their first obligation was to the African Union , not the International Criminal Court . The African Union opposes the ICC warrants , saying his arrest could destabilize Sudan . The ICC based in the Hague has issued arrest warrants for al-Bashir on alleged crimes against humanity and war crimes . He has denied the charges and accused western nations of "  neo-colonialism . " The Sudanese leader is wanted by the ICC on allegations of war crimes and genocide in western Sudan 's Darfur region , where violence that erupted in 2003 left at least 300,000 people dead .	A Kenyan judge rules that President Omar al-Bashir be arrested if he visits The ruling sparks a diplomatic row between the two nations Kenya 's foreign minister describes the ruling as "  unhelpful "
El Salvador 's Chaparrastique volcano erupted Sunday , sending a dark cloud of ash miles into the sky , forcing thousands to evacuate from their homes and snarling travel in the Central American country as airlines canceled flights . "  We are not certain there will be new eruptions , but we ca n't rule out that possibility either , " President Mauricio Funes said in a televised address urging residents near the volcano in the department of San Miguel to leave their homes and head to shelters . According to the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources , the eruption began at 10:30 a.m. and produced a column of gas and ash approximately 5 kilometers  3.1 miles  high . Authorities warned residents not to approach the area near the volcano , which is located in eastern El Salvador . The international airport in San Salvador , the capital , redirected some flights to other airports , including in Guatemala , to avoid the ash . Avianca airlines announced Sunday night that it had canceled 33 flights scheduled to arrive and depart from El Salvador as a precautionary measure due to the ash cloud . Iberia and United Airlines also canceled flights that had been scheduled to arrive in San Salvador Sunday night . This is the first eruption of Chaparrastique in 37 years .	Avianca announces the cancellation of 33 flights into and out of the country El Salvador 's president says authorities do n't know if the volcano will erupt again Chaparrastique sent a plume of gas and ash about 3 miles high , environmental ministry says Some flights to San Salvador , the capital , were redirected to other airports to avoid the ash
Egypt will elect a president before voting on a parliament , interim President Adly Mansour said Sunday , amending a road map laid down last summer . Parliamentary elections were supposed to be held first under a timetable agreed to after Egypt 's army deposed Islamist President Mohamed Morsy in July following mass protests against his rule . Voters in the Arab world 's most populous nation this month overwhelmingly approved a new constitution with 98.1 % in favor , the Electoral Commission said . "  I had previously held a series of sessions for dialogue with some of the major political stakeholders and representatives of the different political groups which indicated a majority in favor of holding presidential elections first , " Mansour said in a televised address . "  In this light , I have taken the decision to amend the road map for the future , so that presidential elections are held first , and are followed by parliamentary elections . " Mansour did not give dates for the elections . Egypt 's army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has said he would run for president if the Egyptian people wanted him to , state media reported recently . The country has seen months of political turmoil since its first democratically elected president , Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , was deposed by the military and an interim , military-backed government was installed in his place . Supporters of the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood boycotted the constitution referendum in response to a continuing government crackdown . Deadly blasts in Cairo condemned Mansour also condemned last week 's "  terrorist attacks " -- deadly blasts that rocked the capital , Cairo . "  We are adamant -- state and people -- to eradicate terrorism and implement the ` road map for the future , ' " he said . A terrorist group claimed responsibility Saturday for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around the city on Friday . The organization Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , which the United States has designated a terrorist group , said in a statement that it was targeting Cairo 's security headquarters and security forces . In a statement posted on several al Qaeda-linked websites , the same group claimed responsibility for shooting down a military helicopter in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula Saturday . Egypt 's military said five crew members were killed when a military helicopter crashed in the Sinai during operations targeting militants , but did not comment on what caused the crash . At least 49 dead as throngs commemorate revolution At least 49 people were killed and 247 wounded in violence Saturday marking the third anniversary of the January 25 revolution that brought down longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak , Egyptian state media said . Dozens more people were wounded in clashes throughout the country on Saturday between anti-government protesters and security forces . The casualty figures came from the Ministry of Health , state media said . Activists behind bars on uprising 's anniversary Sinai attack kills 3 soldiers On Sunday , three Egyptian soldiers were killed and 11 others wounded when unknown armed men attacked their bus in the Sinai , a military official told Egyptian state news agency MENA . Since Morsy 's ouster , Egypt 's political scene has become extremely polarized between the former president 's Islamist supporters and those who back the military . Morsy 's supporters have held held near-daily protests since his ouster , demanding he be reinstated . The protests have often devolved into violence . Mansour also said he appealed to prosecutors to review the cases of detainees held without charges from protests , including university students , to ensure that those held for no reason are released . Read more : Opinion - Egypt 's revolution on the margins	Terrorist group claims responsibility for shooting down military helicopter Interim president says he 's amending road map laid down last summer "  We are adamant -- state and people -- to eradicate terrorism , " president says Armed men attack bus carrying soldiers in Sinai
CNN  -- With mostly mild cases of swine flu in the United States , swine flu fears are lessening . But viruses have a way of re-appearing . While nobody has a crystal ball , here are some thoughts about what the 2009 H1N1 virus might do in the months to come . Do n't pack your face masks just yet . Public health officials expect the 2009 H1N1 virus to linger a while . 1 . Is the swine flu outbreak in the United States winding down ? Not yet . Health officials expect to see more cases . However , there are two reasons to think the 2009 H1N1 outbreak will wind down in the coming weeks . First , cases of influenza tend to dwindle when the weather gets warmer . Second , the 2009 H1N1 virus outbreak in Mexico has reached its peak , and numbers there are going down . It is expected that same pattern could happen in the United States . For the latest information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , click here . Look at a map of swine flu cases " 2 . So does this mean 2009 H1N1 will be gone for good ? No . Andrew Pekosz , associate professor of immunology and microbiology at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health , says it 's important to keep in mind that the 2009 H1N1 virus is new , which means no one has immunity to it . He points out that the three outbreaks in the last century that were caused by new viruses -- in 1918 , 1957 and 1968 -- started with a mild wave followed by more severe waves months later . Scientists dig for lessons from past pandemics 3 . If swine flu comes back , when would it return ? "  H1N1 flu could die down soon and return later again this fall when the flu season enters back in full swing , " says Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano . "  This is always a concern with a new strain of a flu virus . " Watch more answers to your swine flu questions " Napolitano adds that public health officials will be keeping a close eye on the Southern Hemisphere , where flu season starts soon . "  We 'll be working very closely with the international community to understand what happens to this virus over the next few months as flu season begins in the Southern Hemisphere , " she says . "  That will tell us a lot about whether the virus is changing , whether it 's becoming more severe and what measures we might want to take in the fall . " For the latest comments from Napolitano , click here . 4 . In the fall , could we have a pandemic like we had in 1918 ? At a press briefing last week , World Health Organization spokesman Gregory Hartl brought up the specter of the 1918 pandemic , which killed more than half a million people in the United States . "  In 1918 , that pandemic started out as a very mild case of disease in the spring of 1918 . ... Cases of the disease almost completely disappeared over the summer , only to reappear in the autumn of 1918 with the vengeance which we all know , " he said . "  So even though we might be only seeing mild cases now , we can not say what will happen in the future . " Learn more about the swine flu " But many experts believe it 's highly unlikely there would be an outbreak anything like 1918 . First of all , scientists have a much better understanding of infectious diseases , and health care has improved greatly since 1918 . Secondly , the 2009 H1N1 lacks a gene that is present in highly virulent flu viruses , such as the one in 1918 . "  I do n't think this virus has what it takes to become a major problem , " says Peter Palese , chairman of the department of microbiology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York . Johns Hopkins ' Pekosz adds that people remember the horrific 1918 flu season , but often forget that the two other flu outbreaks caused by new viruses , the ones in 1957 and 1968 , were far more mild . 5 . Will there be a vaccine for swine flu ? Scientists are already working on a vaccine for 2009 H1N1 . Making a new vaccine takes five to six months , according to the World Health Organization . The first step is for government scientists to grow "  seed stock " of the virus to send to pharmaceutical companies , who would turn that stock into a vaccine . Pilot lots of the vaccine would then be tested on people . The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases alerted its eight vaccine testing centers to be ready to test a 2009 H1N1 vaccine . 6 . Will the vaccine be a separate shot , or will it be put in the regular seasonal flu shot ? The Centers for Disease Control has said either is possible . Pekosz says there are concerns the seasonal flu shot might not work well if it includes the 2009 H1N1 vaccine , and so the decision might be made to make a separate shot . 7 . If a vaccine is available in the fall , who will get it ? Public health officials have emphasized that even if a vaccine is available by fall , it does n't mean everyone will be encouraged to get it . "  I imagine that the choice of vaccination strategy will be a subject of intense discussion and study over the next several months , " says Dr. Ted Cohen , an assistant professor of epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health . Cohen adds that if the vaccine is available only in limited quantities , priority might be given to health care workers and to those at high risk of complications from the flu , such as the elderly , the very young and those with certain chronic diseases . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler and Shahreen Abedin contributed to this report .	Swine flu cases may have peaked , but the 2009 H1N1 virus will probably return Public health officials to watch Southern Hemisphere to see what 2009 H1N1 does Scientists are working on a vaccine against 2009 H1N1 ; wo n't be ready for 6 months 2009 H1N1 lacks a gene that is present in very virulent flu viruses , like 1918 strain
Anchorage , Alaska  CNN  -- It 's a competition that brings out some of the toughest , hardiest , most ferociously determined athletes in the world . In fact , most of the competitors in this sport are n't even human . It 's a race boasting more mileage and fur coats than perhaps any other on the planet -- worn by both participants and spectators bundled from head to toe to face a punishing 2012 Alaska winter . Dubbed the "  Last Great Race " by organizers , the Iditarod sled dog trail in Alaska is legendary . The race is currently celebrating its 40th running , now under way on the trail between Anchorage and Nome . This year , Iditarod spectators had to brave near-record snowfall in Anchorage just to get a glimpse of their favorite teams -- howling at top of their lungs in anxious anticipation of their turn at the starting point . The nearly 1,000-mile race covers some of the most extreme terrain on Earth , each team powered by 64 booted paws and a musher 's dogged desire to be the first to reach the finish line on the Bering Sea Coast . The Iditarod has been an annual Alaskan sporting event since 1973 , drawing spectators and competitors from across the world . Each year , hundreds of spectators travel to Alaska hoping for some personal interaction with the mushers and their four-legged teammates . There are many opportunities for visitors to meet their favorite mushers along the trail , but it takes some advance planning to get the most out of an Iditarod vacation . The 2012 trail covers approximately 945 miles , so spectators must first determine which portion of the race they aim to see . The ceremonial start of the race is , by far , the most popular choice of fans seeking access and convenience . There are a number of events in and around Anchorage leading up to the Iditarod start , such as the Mushers ' Banquet , various Iditarod educational seminars featuring mushers and race officials , and even a competing annual festival and parade in Anchorage , the Fur Rondy . On the first Saturday of March , thousands of Iditarod enthusiasts line Anchorage 's historic Fourth Avenue to participate in the celebratory send-off . Race officials personally introduce each team as they depart "  the chute , " announcers struggling to be heard over a cacophony of howling dog teams . Mushers and their dogs often don festive regalia at the noncompetitive ceremonial start while also toting warmly bundled "  Iditariders " in their sleds . Iditariders are fans who bid on a ceremonial sled ride as part of a program which helps to support the race financially . The chance at a ceremonial 11-mile Iditarod sled ride begins at $ 500 and can cost as much as $ 7,500 for the opportunity to experience the event in a sled driven by a popular race champion . Following a Saturday ceremonial start , mushers quickly regroup their dog teams and reorganize trail necessities for the following day 's "  official start " of the race in Willow , Alaska , 79 miles north of Anchorage . Spectators who travel to Willow by car or shuttle bus can once again line "  the chute " on Sunday afternoon to cheer on mushers as the race clock officially begins . For most spectators , the next eight to 12 days involve closely monitoring the race online with the assistance of real-time GPS tracking and video coverage from the trail checkpoints -- available on www.Iditarod.com . Behind the scenes at Iditarod 2011 However , for those seeking a more intensive race experience , travel operators offer various "  flightseeing " and snowmobile excursions in order to catch mushers crossing through some of the more than 20 remote checkpoints . The price to travel across the diverse Alaskan landscape by bush plane can be expensive during the Iditarod , but the experience is almost always described as unforgettable . The Gold Rush-era town of Nome is the end of the trail where the famous Iditarod "  burled arch " forms the finish line . Crowds of spectators line narrow , snow-packed Front Street to greet the winner . Last year 's Iditarod Champion , John Baker , made it to Nome with a record-setting pace -- 8 days , 18 hours and 46 minutes . A loud siren sounds day or night throughout Nome announcing the arrival of teams nearing the finish line . Hotels in Nome , however , are scarce and must be booked months in advance for die-hard fans and visitors hoping to be present when the leaders arrive . For other spectators happy to simply get any glimpse of the remaining teams ' arrivals at the finish line , opportunities continue for approximately a week . While the Iditarod may be known as "  The Last Great Race , " there 's no sign it 's coming to an end anytime soon . If you 're unable to witness this year 's race at points along the trail , 2013 promises to deliver yet another compelling Iditarod -- a truly Alaskan experience . CNN 's Karen Denice contributed to this story .	Plan for next year 's race finish by booking rooms in Nome well in advance Fans can become "  Iditariders " by bidding on sled rides during the ceremonial start Flightseeing in bush planes is another way to see the race in progress
CNN  -- Doctors studying to become dermatologists have , for years , shared exam questions by memorizing and writing them down after the test to become board certified , CNN has confirmed . Reports of the use of what are known as "  airplane notes " comes after revelations last month that radiology residents around the country for years also have used what are known as "  recalls " to prepare for the written exam , which is one step in becoming certified by the American Board of Radiology . In the wake of the CNN story , the group that oversees 24 medical specialties issued a statement condemning the use of the recalls . The American Board of Medical Specialties said on its website that , "  It should be made abundantly clear that recalling and sharing questions from exams violates exam security , professional ethics and patient trust in the medical profession . When it happens , the practice should be addressed swiftly and decisively . Whether someone is providing or using test questions , ABMS Member Boards enforce sanctions that may include permanent barring from certification , and/or prosecution for copyright violation . " CNN has confirmed the practice also exists with dermatology , where the recalls are known as "  airplane notes , " because residents write down as much as they can remember on the plane after taking the test . In an anonymous e-mail to the American Board of Dermatology in 2008 , a resident wrote : "  The board needs to know that there is an organized effort year after year to , by verbatim , reproduce each and every question of the official ABD certifying examination minutes after its completion . So-called "  airplane notes " ... are well known to dermatology residents and are compiled , typed up and quietly distributed among residency programs across the country . " The resident , now a practicing dermatologist , wrote , "  Each year , minutes after the certifying exam is complete , there is an almost ceremonial meeting of examinees at a local hotel or restaurant there in Chicago . A feverish and collective effort is made by examinees from many programs to reproduce on paper as many questions as they can -- verbatim -- that they had just encountered . This is then integrated into an updated "  airplane notes , " which then has questions from the year before , and the year before that , etc. , in an organized fashion . These are even professionally bound at Kinko 's at times . " In a response to the e-mail , the board 's executive director , Dr. Antoinette Hood , wrote : "  The board takes every precaution to discourage this practice amongst graduating residents : maintaining strict security of items , minimizing the number of previously used questions , and requiring an honor code statement  signed two separate times  declaring that information will not be shared . Unfortunately we have no mechanism for enforcing the honor code or controlling interpersonal communications that occur after an examination . The real issue is how do we police professionalism and how do we identify the offenders ? " Hood said she has addressed this issue for several years during the board 's annual meeting by telling dermatology residents the practice is not allowed . "  I 've never seen airplane notes , but I 've heard about it , " Hood said . "  We really try to do something to prevent it from happening , " Hood said . "  It 's a high stakes examination and people are naturally very anxious about it and that brings out the potential worst in people . " Asked if she considered this cheating , Hood said , "  Yes , but I ca n't prove it - period . " The board has warned residents that using airplane notes is illegal , because test questions are copyrighted . "  There are legal consequences to this practice , as the questions of the American Board of Dermatology are protected by copyright laws , and any reproduction , not approved by the board , illegal . But , of much greater importance , this practice is unethical and violates our professionalism and ethical standards , which are the basis for the trust given us by our patients , " one board newsletter obtained by CNN reads . Dermatology residents confirm the practice has been widespread , but the value of the actual airplane notes varies depending on the accuracy of the memorization . The dermatology board scrambles the approximately 300 questions from test to test to make it more difficult to memorize them . About 20 % of the questions each year are recycled from old tests , compared with about 50 % for the written exam in radiology . "  We scramble the questions so that discourages the rote memorization , " Hood said . After a phone interview , Hood agreed to an an on-camera interview with CNN to discuss the recalls . But she abruptly canceled the interview two days beforehand , saying she had changed her mind . While the use of airplane notes and recalls has been discussed for years in dermatology and radiology , they are not widely known outside those professions . Dr. Gary Becker , executive director of the American Board of Radiology , said using recalls was cheating . "  I am saying it 's cheating . It 's a violation of our policy , " Becker said . Dr. James Borgstede , the radiology board 's president-elect , said said the test-taking culture has changed since he took the exam in 1978 . "  Right now , in radiology , jobs are hard to find . Board certification is very , very important . When I took the exam , you could still practice without being a board-certified radiologist . Now , that 's virtually impossible , " Borgstede said . "  So , a high-stakes examination , and the other thing is it 's a difference in culture . These individuals sort of view us as a system , and them as outside the system , and there 's this issue of sort of stick it to the man . You know , that we 're the system , and they can do this and it 's acceptable . We tell them it 's not acceptable . " Becker said that despite the use of the recalls , the public is protected because of the overall training and an intensive oral exam that residents must undergo to become certified . Next year , the board is rolling out a new exam for the first time in more than 10 years . Instead of two written tests and one oral exam , the first exam will be a "  core exam " taken after three years of residency training , and the second certifying exam will be taken 15 months after graduation . The oral exam is being eliminated . Meanwhile , The American College of Radiology , which does not certify radiologists , posted a statement on its website after the CNN story aired . "  The most troubling aspect of this report is the implication that all radiologists who pass these examinations are ` cheaters . ' The allegation of cheating not only involves an unspecified and unidentified number of individuals , but smears the entire specialty with a broad and unjustified brush , " the statement said . "  Whether one considers the sharing of mentally recalled questions to be unethical , or simply a type of study aid , board certification represents significantly more than passing an exam , and should not be impugned simply on the basis of examination methodology , " it said . Asked whether the group considered recalls cheating , a spokesman said it had no comment beyond the statement . Other medical specialties contacted by CNN said they had not experienced that kind of systemic use of recalls . The American Board of Family Medicine has sent investigators into test review company classes to ensure they are n't teaching from old test questions . "  When we 've investigated these groups and  gone  through these classes , we 've never found old exams , " said board spokesman Robert Cattoi . The board only re-uses "  a very small number of questions " from old exams , he said . The American Board of Orthopedic Surgery re-uses about 20 % of old questions each year . "  We know of no similar recall registry of questions such as was in your piece  about  the radiology residents , " said the board 's executive director , Dr. Shepard Hurwitz . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	CNN confirms dermatology residents also using "  airplane notes " to prepare for exams Board says "  recalling and sharing questions from exams violates ... professional ethics " Executive director says this is cheating , but she ca n't prove it is happening
CNN  -- Public schools in Tucson , Arizona , face millions of dollars in penalties after a ruling that the district 's Mexican-American studies program violates state law . An administrative law judge found the program 's curriculum was teaching Latino history and culture "  in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner , " and upheld state officials ' findings that it violated a state law passed in 2010 . The Tucson Unified School District had appealed a decision by the law 's principal backer , then-state schools superintendent Tom Horne , to shut down the program . Horne left office at the end of 2010 , but his successor , John Huppenthal , backed Horne 's ruling in June . Huppenthal said Tuesday 's ruling shows "  that it was the right decision . " "  In the end , I made a decision based on the totality of the information and facts gathered during my investigation -- a decision that I felt was best for all students in the Tucson Unified School District , " he said in a written statement . Under the law , the state can withhold 10 % of its funding for the school district -- about $ 15 million a year -- until the district changes the course . In a written statement , Tucson Superintendent John Pedicone said the school board 's lawyers are reviewing the ruling , and board members will discuss it at their January 3 meeting . During their appeal , district officials pointed out that an audit commissioned by Huppenthal praised the program and found "  no observable evidence " that the classes violated state law . A witness for the school system argued that teaching students "  historical facts of oppression and racism " was less likely to promote "  racial resentment " -- something specifically banned by the 2010 law -- than ignoring that history . In Tuesday 's ruling , administrative law judge Lewis Kowal said the auditors observed only a limited number of classes . He added , "  Teaching oppression objectively is quite different than actively presenting material in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner . " "  Teaching in such a manner promotes social or political activism against the white people , promotes racial resentment , and advocates ethnic solidarity , instead of treating pupils as individuals , " Kowal wrote . He cited a lesson that taught students that the historic treatment of Mexican-Americans was "  marked by the use of force , fraud and exploitation , " and a parent 's complaint that one of her daughters , who was white , was shunned by Latino classmates after a government course was taught "  in an extremely biased manner . " The 2010 law also bans courses that "  promote the overthrow of the United States government , " are "  designed for a specific ethnic group " or advocate "  ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals . " It was passed in the same session of the state legislature that produced Arizona 's controversial law cracking down on illegal immigration . A group of teachers has asked a federal court to throw out the restrictions , arguing they passed as "  a result of racial bias and anti-Hispanic beliefs and sentiments . " Richard Martinez , the lawyer who represents the teachers in that case , said the decision was expected "  under the circumstances . " "  The law was written in a way that allows the superintendent of public instruction to control the outcome , " Martinez told CNN . And Kowal noted that he was working under the assumption that the law is constitutional , "  ignoring any questions raised " to the contrary , Martinez said .	Courses were "  biased , political , and emotionally charged , " a state official rules The finding could cost Tucson schools $ 15 million a year A 2010 Arizona law bars classes that promote "  racial resentment " or "  ethnic solidarity " An earlier audit found the classes did n't violate that law
CNN  -- If trials were predictable , they would n't happen . You can root for a jury to see a case your way and disagree with its ultimate verdict , but you can not criticize the jury system for being unpredictable . In that sense , a Florida jury 's recent verdicts -- and nonverdicts -- against Michael Dunn demonstrate a fundamental truth about trials . They are not only unpredictable ; they are designed that way . The case against Dunn stemmed from an incident on November 23 , 2012 . Dunn , a 47-year-old white man , arrived at a gas station in Jacksonville , Florida , and parked next to an SUV that contained Davis and other black teenagers . When Dunn complained about loud music coming from the SUV , words were exchanged and Dunn ultimately fired a gun that killed Davis . Dunn said he saw a gun barrel pointing out of the SUV , but the prosecution said there was no gun . Dunn was found guilty of three counts of attempted second-degree murder as to the other occupants of the car , but the jury was not able to reach a verdict on the first-degree murder charge in the death of Jordan Davis . In the eyes of critics , this case was a "  sure thing " for the prosecution , and anything less than guilty verdicts across the board is now considered by them to be a miscarriage of justice . Guilty verdicts were expected . That sentiment belies a fundamental misunderstanding about the criminal justice system : With juries , there is no such thing as a "  sure thing . " No one can accurately predict how each juror might perceive the evidence , argue a case in deliberations or be persuaded by his or her fellow jurors . Jurors can and do bring their own life experiences to the jury room , and no two jurors are the same . Yet anyone who has waited for a jury 's verdict has engaged in the same helpless jury astrology because there is simply no hard science to predict their behavior . The best example is the rabid divination of the meaning of juror questions : those inscrutable , handwritten missives intermittently sent out to the judge and read to the lawyers in chambers . Tonyaa Weathersbee : An empty verdict , a hollow victory This system is about as sophisticated as note-passing in grade-school algebra , but just a few lines from an innocuous jury inquiry will leave seasoned attorneys pondering the hidden meaning and the potential direction of the deliberations . The bottom line is this : Reading these tea leaves is an exercise in futility . There 's no way to predict a verdict with certainty . To many observers , including me , this was a strong prosecution case , but not a sure thing . In fact , it 's generally only the close-call cases that go to a jury . The most obvious cases of guilt or nonguilt should result in plea agreements or voluntary withdrawals by the prosecution . Simply look at the statistics . The vast majority of all cases , criminal and civil , are resolved before trial . Verdicts are simply too risky for either side , especially to put up a case that they believe is a loser . A jury trial means each side believes their theory of the case is strong enough to roll the dice in this riskiest game of all . Whether you agree with the jury 's verdict or not , these verdicts give us some insight into the jury 's thought process . The jury convicted on attempted second-degree murder for shots fired at the other passengers in the SUV with Davis . It makes sense . By Dunn 's own concessions , he intentionally shot at a vehicle speeding away from him . Even if Dunn 's testimony were completely believed , at best only Davis was the aggressor , so Dunn had a minimal self-defense claim against the other occupants . But , the verdict on attempted second-degree murder may have put a figurative "  cap " on Dunn 's level of intent . In other words , the jury may have agreed that Dunn 's level of intent as to all victims was consistent -- perhaps not the specific intent to kill characteristic of a first-degree murder , but something slightly less . In the case of second-degree murder , this could be an intentional act so indifferent to human life it evinced a depraved mind . The "  depraved heart " variety of murder is often analogized , coincidentally enough , to law students as closing your eyes and shooting into a crowd with a gun . It may be true that you did not actually intend to hit anyone , but the act was so likely to kill that your level of intent is just below that of specific , premeditated murder . That law school example used to explain the concept to students is eerily similar to the facts here . While it 's possible that the jury was hung up trying to apply the law of self-defense , it may also be that the jury simply had trouble with the definitions of homicide . It 's understandable . They are complicated for lawyers and lay persons alike . Florida 's standard jury instructions are available online . Take a look at each of the suggested instructions for the different degrees of murder and manslaughter . They , like all jury instructions , are complicated . They do not get much less complicated just because the judge reads them slowly and out loud to the jury . They involve abstract concepts and seemingly overlapping definitions of nuanced "  states of mind . " It 's very likely that the jury was hung up on whether self-defense applied , but they also may have deadlocked over the different definitions of homicide . Despite public frustrations , this was a win for the prosecution . It secured a successful verdict on four of five counts that will , because of Florida 's minimum mandatory sentencing scheme and the defendant 's use of a firearm , send Dunn to prison for at least 60 to 75 years . That 's day-for-day : no gain time , no early release except for a win on appeal . Plus , the prosecution can retry Dunn for the killing of Davis . When a judge discharges a jury on the grounds that the jury can not reach a verdict , the double jeopardy clause of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution does not bar a new trial of the defendant . The double jeopardy clause provides : " -LSB- N -RSB- or shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb in criminal ... cases . " If the state reprosecutes the Davis killing , Dunn will certainly feel as if he 's being tried twice for the same crime . Constitutionally , however , a retrial following a deadlocked jury is permissible . Defense counsel deserves recognition as well . They hung a jury on what many observers expected to be a clear-cut murder conviction . Even without the wave of public acrimony against the defendant , this was always an uphill self-defense case . It was clear from the trial that the defense prepared this case and the client , and gave Dunn the best chance at a not-guilty verdict . Overall , a good job with bad facts for the defense . The big question now is whether we will see the state of Florida retry Dunn for the murder of Davis . On one hand , they have achieved a virtual life sentence on the other convictions , which achieves one of the philosophical goals of punishment : incapacitation and isolation of Dunn from the community . It does not achieve another goal of punishment for the Davis family : retribution . The state has indicated for now that it will retry Dunn , but if it does , one thing will remain certain : There are no sure things in retrials , either . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : Critics of the Michael Dunn verdict miss a feature of trials They 're always unpredictable , and it 's impossible to get inside the mind of a jury , he says He says jury may have been unsure about meaning of various degrees of homicide Cevallos : The prosecution scored a win , despite public criticism of the verdict
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- A young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired , the mother 's attorney said Tuesday . Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of a young girl . The mother did not know her daughter had ever been victimized and was apparently oblivious to efforts to find her until last Friday , Jerry T. Donohue said . "  A family friend called her and said , ` My God , you need to turn on the TV . I believe that is your daughter , ' " he said . Donohue said the mother recognized the suspect , Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , a former animal trainer . The abuse most likely occurred while the mother - a single woman working six days a week - was at work , Donohue said . The attorney said he knows who the baby sitter is , but would not release that information because of the ongoing investigation . Earlier , officials had said the girl , who is now 7 , was 3-years-old at the time the video was made . But Donohue said Tuesday , "  To my understanding , the abuse occurred before she was 3 years old . " The mother of the girl asked that the news media leave the family alone . "  I want to ask you , the press , to respect my family 's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself , " the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney . Watch Donohue read the mother 's statement " The mother also said she is cooperating with investigators and that her daughter "  is safe and healthy . " The girl 's videotaped rape set off a nationwide search last week . She was found Friday with family in Las Vegas , Nevada , after thousands of tips poured in . Professionals have since evaluated her and she appears to be "  healthy and fine and happy , " the lawyer said . The lawyer said neither he nor the mother has watched the videotape . Asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl 's picture so that authorities were able to identify her , Donohue said , "  Not really ... there 's some things maybe you do n't want to know . " Still , he said , he hopes the man in the tape is brought to justice . "  Speaking as a father myself , I wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth , " he said , referring to such an outcome as "  Wild-West justice . " Meanwhile , the intense manhunt for Stiles continued Tuesday . On Monday , Stiles ' former girlfriend , Tina Allen , told CNN she thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl and is "  mortified " by the allegations against him . Allen said she and Stiles were in an on-again , off-again relationship for 10 years until recently , when she called it off . "  He said he 'd been in the Navy and , you know , I was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what I thought they needed to be , " Allen said . Allen said she took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived . Also living in the apartment were a family friend and her daughter , who allegedly was victimized by Stiles . "  I 'm disgusted . I 'm ashamed , embarrassed , mortified , " Allen said of the alleged rape . "  I regret every , every step I ever took , I feel bad for the baby . " The FBI is also seeking Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 . Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas . A man who said he found the tape in the desert and held it for at least five months before handing it over to authorities turned himself in Sunday to Nye County officials . Darren Tuck , a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography . E-mail to a friend	Mom thinks girl was abused while in the care of a baby sitter , attorney says Mother had no idea daughter had been abused , attorney says Girl , now 7 , shown being raped on videotape made years ago Manhunt underway for suspect , Chester Arthur Stiles , 37
Paris  CNN  -- Seventeen police officers were injured in violent clashes with young people in the city of Amiens in northern France overnight , Interior Minister Manuel Valls said Tuesday . In addition , three public buildings were badly damaged during several hours of disorder , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported . Amiens Mayor Gilles Demailly told BFM that the damage amounted to millions of euros . People were shocked and upset by the violence , he said . Images from the north Amiens neighborhood showed burned-out cars and the charred wreckage of a kindergarten and a sports center . Clashes were reported in the same area Sunday night , BFM reported . The latest violence , involving about 100 young people , broke out late Monday evening and carried into early Tuesday . The police officers were injured with buckshot , fireworks and projectiles , BFM reported . Police responded with tear gas but made no arrests . Speaking at a news conference in Amiens , Valls said that the violence shown toward police was "  unacceptable " and that law and order must be restored . More security forces would be deployed Tuesday night to ensure there was no repeat of the trouble , he said . Valls said those suffering most from the disorder were the residents of the neighborhood affected . The area had already been designated a "  high security zone " because of drug trafficking and other problems , he said , meaning extra resources were to be used there . A local resident told BFM the community was angered Sunday when police carried out an "  aggressive " traffic stop as a funeral was being held for a young man killed in a road accident last week . Sabrina Hadji , a sister of the victim , said police fired shots as people -- including women , children and the elderly -- were gathered for the ceremony . The community is tired of being treated without respect and "  like animals , " she told BFM , and a silent march was organized as an expression of "  anger because we are never listened to . " Valls acknowledged there is tension between police and the community after the incident and said an inquiry has been ordered into the police operation . However , nothing excused violence directed at police and the torching of public buildings , he said . Valls said he had not come to Amiens to point the finger at anyone , but the rule of law must be followed . After the initial unrest Sunday , the mayor appealed for "  calm , respect and dialogue " in a statement on the official website for Amiens , a city of about 130,000 people . Demailly urged communication between police and residents , saying it is important they have confidence in each other . Earlier Tuesday , Valls traveled with President Francois Hollande to the Var area , in southeastern France , to pay tribute to two women police officers who were killed in the line of duty in June , BFM reported . Hollande addressed the trouble in Amiens , saying that public security is "  not just a priority , but an obligation " for authorities . More must be done to prevent and punish violence , delinquency and criminality , he told reporters . Hollande , who was sworn in as president three months ago , said the next budget would include additional resources for policing , after years of cutbacks . France has been shaken by unrest in poorer urban areas on several occasions in recent years , notably in 2005 , when the deaths of two young men of North African descent sparked weeks of rioting . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Interior minister says more police will be deployed Tuesday night to ensure calm 17 police officers were injured in clashes with young people , Manuel Valls says The interior minister says law and order must be restored after "  unacceptable " violence The trouble broke out late Monday amid tension with police in the northern city of Amiens
CNN  -- Twenty years ago , I was standing next to a teleprompter operator in the cavernous Cobo Hall in downtown Detroit . Presidential candidate Bill Clinton was addressing the Detroit Economic Club , and I was guiding the teleprompter operator through his prepared text . Drafted during an all-nighter -- one of many we 'd pull during his campaign and presidency -- the speech presented his economic program in exhaustive detail . But , after ad-libbing lines from the beginning , Clinton extemporized an exhaustive explanation of German apprenticeship programs for skilled workers in manufacturing . By the time Clinton concluded his tutorial on job training programs , the teleprompter operator asked me where to start scrolling the remainder of the prepared text . "  Do n't worry , " I told him . "  Clinton will do just fine . " Analysis : Clinton speech hit Obama 's marks In his speech at the Democratic National Convention last night , Clinton still did just fine , just as he 's done in so many speeches where he 's treated his prepared text the way jazz greats soar from the sheet music . By one account , the former president spoke for 48 minutes and 5,895 words , while his prepared text , which had been distributed beforehand to the media , was only 3,136 words . No wonder , when asked about her husband 's speech , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was looking forward to comparing the "  as prepared " and "  as delivered " texts . Reviewing each version , it 's clear that the same person wrote both -- the same president who improvised 20 % of his first State of the Union address and explained his health-care plan from memory to a joint session of Congress after the teleprompter displayed the text of an earlier speech . Clinton 's improvisations are instructive because they show how the nation 's most popular political figure  69 % approval rating , according to a USA Today/Gallup poll  still serves as extemporizer-in-chief . While most speakers ad-lib anecdotes , Clinton also explains complex issues off-the-cuff . A sampler of Clinton 's improvisations : Zinger of the Week : When Clinton zapped Republican vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan on Medicare spending reductions , "  It takes some brass to attack a guy for doing what you did , " that line was n't even in the prepared text . Bashing Brutus : In Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar , Mark Antony 's funeral oration for the slain statesman skewers his rival by saying simply that Brutus is an "  honorable " man . In improvised remarks , Clinton uses the same time-honored technique , describing the Republicans : "  They convinced me they were honorable people who believe what they 've said , and they 're going to keep every commitment they 've made . We 've just got to make sure the American people know what those commitments are . " Improvised Uplift : Clinton also effortlessly extemporized eloquent sayings that other public figures and their staffs might write and revise for several drafts : "  Democracy does not have to be a blood sport . " And "  So far , every single person who has bet against America has lost money . " Opinion : Bill Clinton brings it for Obama Public Policy Professor : If you think the auto mileage standards are complex , listen up : "  No matter what the price -LSB- of gas -RSB- is , if you double the mileage of your car , your bill will be half of what it would have been . " Softening the Blow : Clinton 's conversational tone makes it easier for him to persuade undecided voters . As did Ronald Reagan , Clinton introduced his arguments with folksy asides . Before criticizing today 's Republicans , Clinton began by ad-libbing : "  Now , there 's something I 've noticed lately , You probably have , too . " Historian-in-Chief : Concluding his speech , Clinton reminded his audience that America -- and , by inference , its presidents -- have displayed remarkable resilience . Departing from his prepared text , Clinton added this anecdote about the first president : "  People have predicted our demise ever since George Washington was criticized for being a mediocre surveyor with a bad set of wooden , false teeth . " As president , Clinton would refer to most of his formal remarks not as speeches but as "  talks , " subtly reminding his staff that he wanted to address Americans as adults to be persuaded , not an audience to be manipulated . By improvising so often , and using so few freeze-dried and focus-grouped applause lines , Clinton continues to keep his speeches fresh , friendly and factual in the hope that his listeners will open their minds to what he says . Yes , the Comeback Kid has made more farewell tours than Frank Sinatra . As with Old Blue Eyes , he does it his way . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Kusnet .	David Kusnet : Bill Clinton often speaks without relying on a teleprompter He says Clinton has the ability to come up with memorable phrases on the fly Kusnet : In DNC talk , he played the role of public policy prof but used accessible language
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Thousands of demonstrators bracing for the possibility of a police crackdown stood their ground in the heart of Hong Kong on Tuesday . Protesters had masks , protective goggles and plastic raincoats on hand as they camped out on the main thoroughfare leading into the city 's central business district . "  They 're all ready just in case there is any sort of move by the Hong Kong police , " CNN 's Andrew Stevens reported . It 's been more than a day since officers fired tear gas and pepper spray at the crowd . At least 56 people have been injured so far in the largely student-led protests , which flared into violence starting Sunday , a Hong Kong government spokeswoman said . The head of the Hong Kong government urged protesters to clear roads Tuesday , saying they are impeding any emergency vehicles that may need to pass . "  The main roads are used by fire trucks and ambulances . They now have to take a detour , so we urge the society to think about this , " Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung told reporters . Demonstrations began in response to China 's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to stand in the city 's 2017 election for the top civil position of chief executive . Protesters say Beijing has gone back on its pledge to allow universal suffrage in Hong Kong , which was promised "  a high degree of autonomy " when it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997 . Leung said Tuesday that China will not back down from its position on Hong Kong . "  China will not compromise to the illegal threats of some people , " he said . "  Based on the basic law , we will be able to have one person , one vote universal suffrage . China 's decision is based on and using what the basic law allows them to do . " "  I understand this universal suffrage is somewhat different to what the public thinks it would be , " he added . "  But this is based on the basic law . We still want to remain peaceful , calm and think what the best is for Hong Kong . " But the protesters , rallying against what many see as the growing influence of the Chinese Communist Party on the way Hong Kong is run , are so far refusing to budge . Both protesters and police have been calling for calm , Stevens said . And at the moment , the situation is peaceful . Chanting protesters are calling for the resignation of Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung . A large orange banner hanging over them , Stevens reported , says "  freedom in the midst of a storm . " Demonstrators say they 're not going anywhere . Authorities also do n't seem to show any sign of backing down ; officials in Hong Kong and China say it 's an illegal gathering . "  The next step really at this stage is very difficult to predict , " Stevens said . Leung said the organizer of Occupy Central said demonstrators would be asked to stop the protest if it gets out of control . "  I now urge them to call a stop to this , " Leung said . "  I respect how the public voice their political opinions , but I would like you to take care of the safety of the public . " Hong Kong protests : In the thick of it What you need to know Police action shocks residents The protests have brought widespread disruption to the heart of one of Asia 's biggest financial centers , blocking traffic on multi-lane roads and prompting the suspension of school classes . On Tuesday , 37 branches or offices of 21 banks were closed , the Hong Kong Information Services Department said . It said ATM services were also disrupted in some areas . Police say they 've arrested 89 people since protests began , accusing them of forcible entry into government premises , disorderly conduct in public , assaulting police officers and obstructing police . The large-scale demonstrations now taking place grew out of student-led boycotts and protests that began last week . The demonstrations increased in size over the weekend after gaining the support of Occupy Central with Love and Peace , a protest group that was already planning to lead a campaign of civil disobedience later this week against the Chinese government 's decision . Images of heavy-handed treatment of protesters by police shocked many residents of Hong Kong , where large-scale , peaceful protests are common , but police crackdowns are not . CNN 's Ivan Watson -- who himself was enveloped in a cloud of stinging tear gas Sunday -- said protesters and police appeared unused to the method of crowd control . "  Both sides were appealing for calm , and then the tear gas just exploded in the midst of everybody , " he said . "  People here have never been hit by tear gas before , and it comes as quite a shock to them -- even the use of pepper spray . ... This is a big shock for a city that is famed for its law and order . " The strong police response appeared to stir thousands more people into joining the demonstrations , swelling the ranks of protesters around the government headquarters and starting new rallies in other key areas of the city , including the densely populated district of Kowloon , which sits on the opposite side of Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong Island . "  They should n't have used tear gas , " said Brian Lo , 37 , who works in human resources and was n't protesting . "  This made people angry . " As the sun rose over Hong Kong on Tuesday , Watson reported that groups of pro-democracy demonstrators were sleeping in the street after occupying the main highway in downtown Hong Kong for the second night in a row . At the main protest site near the government headquarters , a young woman named Nikki told CNN she has no plans to leave . "  As long as there 's one person that 's still out here on this highway , " she said , "  I 'm going to be here . " ` Umbrella revolution ' Despite the government 's announcement that it had pulled riot police back from the protest sites , smaller numbers of officers remained on guard on the sidelines of the main protest area . Aside from the clashes with police , the protesters have remained overwhelmingly peaceful . People have been picking up trash left at the protest sites , handing out bottles of water and encouraging police officers to put down their weapons and join the demonstrations . In the face of tear gas and pepper spray , demonstrators have used goggles , homemade masks and umbrellas to protect themselves . How Hong Kong remains distinct from China The abundance of umbrellas among the crowds , shielding people from tear gas and the fierce glare of the sun , has prompted many social media users to dub the movement the "  umbrella revolution . " Chan Kin-man , a leader of Occupy Central , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that demanding the chief executive 's resignation is a realistic goal that could give Hong Kong a window to restart constitutional reform efforts "  We should n't look at the democracy movement as a battle . It is a war , " he said . "  As long as the spirit of democracy is alive , we are not and we will not be defeated . " ` We had to use force ' Fears nonetheless remain about the possibility of a heavier crackdown from authorities . Both the Chinese and Hong Kong governments have said they consider the protests to be unlawful . Leung has said police have acted with the greatest possible restraint in dealing with the protesters . At least 12 police officers were among the injured , authorities said . Hong Kong chief executive : Raw emotion ` will get us nowhere ' "  We gave them enough of a chance to leave , and this included warnings , " Assistant Police Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said of protesters at a news conference Monday . "  But when they failed , we had to use force . " Police fired a total of 87 tear gas canisters on Sunday night , he said . In an indication authorities do n't expect the demonstrations to end soon , the Hong Kong government said it was canceling the city 's annual fireworks display on Wednesday , China 's National Day , because of the protests . "  Everybody is in completely unknown territory . ... How these things end , we just do n't know , ' said Roderic White , an associate fellow at London-based Chatham House . "  A lot will depend on the attitude of the authorities , and whether at some time there will be room for somebody to talk to somebody . " What will Beijing do ? Some analysts say they see little hope of compromise between the committed protesters and the Chinese Communist Party , which remains notorious for its ruthless suppression of pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in 1989 . "  I see no way the Chinese government can tolerate what is happening in HK . Greatly fear this will end badly , " tweeted Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute at the University of Southern California , who covered the Tiananmen crackdown for CNN . Pro-democracy activist and former legislator Martin Lee told CNN 's Watson that China had troops stationed in Hong Kong who could clear the streets if ordered to . "  But Hong Kong people , I think , many of them would not be scared . I certainly would not be scared . And I 've said it before and I say it again , if I see a tank from the Chinese troops in Hong Kong , I would get myself a bicycle and stand right in front of it , " Lee said . Chinese authorities appeared to be taking steps to restrict the flow of information into the mainland about what was happening in Hong Kong . State media gave little coverage to the story , and it appeared censors had blocked access to Instagram after images of the protests flooded the photo-sharing app . Hua Chunying , a spokeswoman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Monday that Beijing fully believes in and firmly supports the Hong Kong government 's "  ability to handle the situation in accordance with the law . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Esther Pang , Vivian Kam , Anjali Tsui , Simon Harrison , Euan McKirdy , Felicia Wong , Ivan Watson , Andrew Stevens , Chieu Luu , Elizabeth Joseph , David McKenzie , Steven Jiang , Katie Hunt , Steve Almasy and Hala Gorani contributed to this report .	NEW : 37 branches or offices of 21 banks are closed Tuesday in Hong Kong 56 people injured and 89 people arrested since protests started , officials say Protesters pack streets wearing masks and protective goggles "  We had to use force " on protesters , a police official says
CNN  -- Internet giant Alibaba secured its place in history Thursday as the largest U.S.-listed initial public offering  IPO  of all time . Alibaba , which achieved more than $ 240 billion in gross merchandise volume last year -- more than that of Amazon and eBay combined -- has become one of the largest technology companies in the world . That Alibaba is a Chinese company has important implications and begs the question : Will China become the next Silicon Valley , a breeding ground for the next generation of technology giants ? Silicon Valley has long led the world in the quality , quantity and diversity of technology startups it incubates . Companies like Google , Facebook , Twitter and WhatsApp have flourished under Silicon Valley 's mature and complete startup ecosystem , with its open and free market and culture and innovative environment . The picture is quite different in Asia where thus far , only a few large technology companies have emerged . Alibaba , Tencent and Xiaomi were not nurtured in a Silicon Valley type environment , but they are successful examples from the unique Chinese market . Opportunities With more than 1.3 billion people , China is not only the world 's largest country , but also its biggest consumer market . Home to a huge number of factories , manufacturers , suppliers and customers , China is also called the "  World 's Factory . " This unique demand and supply environment helps reduce businesses ' transaction costs and , indirectly , retail prices , creating a world of opportunities for entrepreneurs from China and abroad . Often called the "  Amazon of China , " Alibaba 's business model is in fact completely different from that of the online retail giant . Alibaba 's Taobao is not in itself an online shop but an open eCommerce platform where millions of small businesses and suppliers can sell directly to individual or business customers . Unlike Amazon , which charges commissions on transactions , Alibaba does not incur administrative charges on sellers or buyers ; instead , it offers sellers paid advertising opportunities that will allow their products to stand out among the thousands of others on the platform . Alibaba 's success stems from its huge traffic and competitive retail prices . This competitive weapon piggybacks on another factor : Chinese customers are the most active online shoppers in the world , shopping an average of 8.4 times online each month , far outpacing American customers , who shop 5.2 times . Repeated transactions by these customers contribute significantly to a steady sales volume and to Alibaba 's success in China . Everything to know about Alibaba Challenges Opportunities come with challenges . The greatest challenge for entrepreneurs in China is the protection of intellectual property . Taobao is flooded with defective and counterfeit products : 82 % of products labeled with the Columbia brand on Taobao are fakes , and the brand has had to get up to 3,000 listings taken down a month . This is a rather unique problem in China , unlikely to be found in other parts of the world . Without a strong legal system , copyright infringement is becoming a natural tendency . Unless a product is very difficult to duplicate , it is likely to be copied in China . These skillful and efficient perpetrators make such convincing cloned products that they often surpass the original on many levels . In a way , this is stifling creativity and innovation -- innovations are being copied , rather than respected and protected . In addition , government policies such as taxation and embargoes may be changed or imposed at anytime , without reasonable explanation and without channels or methods of reverting the decision . Any such unexpected policy changes may have significant impact on businesses , and are interpreted as one of the biggest risk factors of doing business in China . Despite adequate talent and capital , the closed market prevents local businesses from competing globally . Business owners who are not Chinese or do not have local connections face a much greater risk of failure . Because of the reasons above , I do n't believe it is realistic to compare China to Silicon Valley . Rather , it can be described as "  a separate world " where one can thrive only with a good knowledge about the rules of the game . Alibaba is an example of a company that has achieved a "  cultural fit " in China . But whether Alibaba or other homegrown Chinese technology companies can hold their place in the competitive global market , or surpass the Silicon Valley-bred giants , remains to be seen . Read this : The social apps taking China by storm Read this : Chinese tech hopefuls challenge heavyweights The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ping Wong .	Alibaba 's public offering raises questions about the future of tech startups in China To date , very few large Chinese technology companies have emerged Alibaba owes its success to China 's high shopping rates and large consumer market Ping Wong believes that China 's counterfeit culture is the company 's biggest challenge
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A nude photograph of pop singer Madonna was sold for $ 37,500 Thursday afternoon at a Christie 's Art House auction . Christie 's auctioned this nude photo of Madonna  partially shown  taken by Lee Friedlander for $ 37,500 . The photo , originally expected to go for between $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 , was purchased for more than double its original estimated selling price , a Christie 's spokesperson confirmed . The 13-inch by 85/8 - inch framed photograph was purchased by an anonymous bidder over the phone . The full frontal photograph was one of several taken by American photographer Lee Friedlander in 1979 . Madonna , then a cash-strapped student , received $ 25 for the entire photo shoot . Most of the pictures from the shoot were ultimately featured in Playboy magazine in 1985 .	Nude photograph of Madonna taken when she was student in 1979 Lee Friedlander pic sold by Christie 's for $ 37,500 Anonymous bidder made purchase over the phone
CNN  -- Early this year , a crime spree hit the usually quiet residential neighborhood of Grandview , northeast of downtown Phoenix , Arizona . Over a period of three months , there were 25 home burglaries in the neighborhood , often carried out while residents were out for just a few hours . When police work failed to produce any arrests , the community took to the Internet to do some sleuthing on its own . They crowdsourced details of the crimes on Nextdoor.com , a private social network for urban neighborhoods , and began noticing patterns . The burglars would wait to see a homeowner leave and then enter the house and stuff a pillowcase with high-value items like jewelry , guns and cameras before slinking out . Sometimes , they 'd hit as many as three houses in a day . The residents started a virtual neighborhood watch using Nextdoor , sending out detailed alerts about any suspicious cars or people and essentially live-blogging strangers ' movements throughout the 1 square-mile area . Led by Grandview neighborhood association President Slade Grove , the community eventually gathered enough information and attention to push the local police department into action , resulting in an undercover sweep of the area and multiple drug busts . Though no arrests have yet been specifically tied to the break-ins , the rate of burglaries fitting that pattern in Grandview has plummeted . "  Before , they did n't have these tools . It was people chit-chatting in their front yards , " Grove said . "  I think it has shown the police department that we are an active neighborhood and that we are very concerned about crime . "  I think it has also shown them that we will stand up for our neighborhood , and by God , you better pay attention to us . " A sheriff in your pocket Neighborhood watch groups have been around for decades . They are meant to empower residents to report suspicious activities to police without acting on them directly . Now , thanks to mobile devices and social media , today 's homeowners are using a new arsenal of digital tools to fight crime , coordinate in an emergency and revitalize the neighborhood watch . The National Sheriff 's Association is working on an app that will help neighborhood watch members share real-time video surveillance footage shot on a smartphone with law enforcement and with each other . The hope is that the program will shorten response times between when civilians believe they 've witnessed something suspicious and when police respond . "  After the Trayvon Martin case in Florida , we started looking at our program , " said Chief John Thompson , deputy executive director of the National Sheriffs ' Association . Martin , 17 , was shot and killed in February 2012 by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch coordinator in his gated community of Twin Lakes , near Orlando . Zimmerman was not on duty at the time , and his actions were quickly disavowed by neighborhood watch associations , which frown upon vigilante violence . "  We do n't want people to get involved , and this app would pretty much stop that . You would n't have to get out of your car . You would n't have to leave your house , " Thompson said . If a neighborhood watch member spots a crime in progress or suspicious activity , they can take out their smartphone , open the free iOS/Android app and hit the emergency button to record photos , video , audio and the precise GPS location of their phone . The information is automatically uploaded every few seconds to a secure cloud server , where it can not be deleted . The mapped alert with the video can be sent directly to the local police , other neighbors in the group and even a custom list of personal emergency contacts . It can also dial 911 . The new initiative , called Neighborhood Watch NOW , is a collaboration between the Sheriffs ' Association and a company called ICE BlackBox , which developed the app . The tool has been in development for 2 1/2 years and is rolling out this month in a handful of pilot neighborhoods , starting with two counties in Arizona and Minnesota . Local members and law enforcement agencies will need to be trained on the technology . "  It 's going to be the future of neighborhood watch , " said Thompson . Going Nextdoor Although the Neighborhood Watch NOW app is designed to be used during emergencies , much of what happens daily in a neighborhood is far from 911-worthy : a stolen bike , broken car windows , loud parties and so on . For the past year , the San Diego Police Department has used the Nextdoor app to field local concerns and improve communication with residents . Members also use Nextdoor to coordinate social events , announce garage sales , find contractors and track down missing pets . They say it makes them feel more connected to their neighbors . Residents of Westgate Village , a suburb of San Jose , California , use Nextdoor to coordinate block parties and revive the quaint ideal of a neighborhood where people know each other 's names and look out for one another . During a recent rash of garage robberies , members used Nextdoor to remind people to lock their garage doors . To start a Nextdoor community , one person fills out an application and must sign up at least 10 neighbors in 21 days to make it official . More than 33,000 neighborhoods across the country now use the network . In San Diego , each Nextdoor network is assigned a community relations officer who can use the platform to field questions , post crime updates and safety tips , and chat with members . "  It gives everyone a chance to actually get to know the officers that are working for them , " said Matthew Tortorella , a San Diego police officer who oversees much of the department 's social media . He said the officers like Nextdoor as a way to address minor complaints , such as telling residents whom to call to remove graffiti . Tortorella also would like to see the app become even more hyperfocused , say on an apartment building with as few as 15 units . A single building could have its own network , and property managers could be trained on how to use the app to reduce crime . Police also receive tips through the Nextdoor app . Recently , a resident in San Diego 's northwest division spotted a Ford pickup that had been parked facing the wrong way for a number of days . They reported the car on Nextdoor , and when an officer went to check it out , they discovered that the vehicle was stolen and had been used in several burglaries in the area . "  We do n't want  Nextdoor  to become a way of reporting crimes , " said Tortorella . "  We still want people to call the police . " Finally , Nextdoor could become another way for police and fire departments to quickly broadcast warnings , Amber Alerts and evacuation instructions . It 's been used during California wildfires and the polar vortex that froze much of the U.S. over the winter . "  I believe that the best information comes from the authorities , but a lot of times , the authorities do n't have a way to reach people , " said Nextdoor CEO Nirav Tolia .	Neighborhood watch associations add smartphones , social networking to arsenals The National Sheriffs Association is rolling out an app that uploads live video to police Nextdoor is connecting neighbors , local police officers in non-emergency situations
CNN  "  This used to be a land of bandits , wolves and bears , " says Daniele Kihlgren , surveying the countryside around ancient houses of Santo Stefano di Sessanio . High above the barren Gran Sasso hills in Italy 's central Abruzzo region , this tiny hamlet , barely changed since medieval times , was in danger of reverting to its wild past until Kihlgren showed up with a vision . "  When I first got here on my motorbike , I was wandering , totally lost . This unspoilt place , with no traces of modernity , struck me like Saint Paul on the road to Damascus , " he says . Kihlgren , an Italian-Swedish businessman , has since made it his life 's mission to rescue such crumbling villages by turning them into high-end resorts that blend in with their surroundings . Sextantio  Via Principe Umberto , Santo Stefano di Sessanio ; +390862899112  in Santo Stefano is one of several so-called "  diffuse hotels " that eschew the usual hotel model of grouping rooms and facilities under one roof . Instead , Sextantio 's 29 rooms , spa , wine bar , restaurant and reception lie scattered in separate buildings formerly used as barns , stables , pigsties , wine cellars and farmers ' or shepherds ' lodgings . Wood and stone cottages have been restyled as suites , the village dungeons serve as a wedding room and a former witch 's lair now hosts business meetings . The hotel even makes use of a medieval brothel . Santo Stefano di Sessanio is a maze of cobbled streets , steep stone stairs , arches , vaults , gargoyles , hidden grottoes , frescoed loggias and crumbling walls covered in ivy . There are also ruins -- the remains of the houses collapsed during the 2009 earthquake that rocked nearby L'Aquila . Slaughtered pig Kihlgren gives me the grand tour , describing his early days trying to acquire property in the hamlet -- leading to surreal situations for both him and the villagers . "  When I knocked at people 's doors offering to buy their dwellings , they thought I was crazy , " he says . "  Once a local slaughtered a pig right in front of my eyes with Bach playing in the background . " Today the village may be marginally less rustic , but Sextantio 's charm lies in its sympathetic use of historic structures . At the reception , housed in a former donkey stable at the hamlet 's entrance where nativity scenes are staged at Christmas , the concierge hands me the biggest and heaviest room key I 've ever encountered : 30 centimeters of pure iron . "  That way you 'll never lose it , " she says . A path leads to my room -- La Bianca -- one of the closest cottages to the reception  the farthest one lies 200 meters away  . I open the squeaky bolt of a heavy wooden door and enter a snug , warm room filled with the scent of embers and orange peel -- a perfume created by the hotel to evoke a typical hearth scent . Old furniture , including a spinning wheel and museum pieces , are juxtaposed with modern sculptures and sleek , luxurious bathroom facilities . Showering in the elegant white resin tub is an experience . Rinsing involves using a pitcher to collect running water from a low tap , a throwback to the past . There 's no television , phone or minibar , but it 's not totally offline . There 's a powerful Wi-Fi signal throughout the buildings . Bird 's nest Lying back on my wrought iron king size bed , I spot an old bird 's nest among the wood ceiling beams . "  This is what I call ` authentic ' Italy , " says Kihlgren . "  I wanted to restyle the buildings as we found them and bring back to life the so-called secondary human heritage : that of poor , outcast communities who for centuries stood as Italy 's shame . "  That 's why I kept the cracks in the walls and the fireplace hearth soot : these are layers of history . "  Sextantio is the opposite of colonialist tourism . Clients here want to discover the village identity and mingle with locals . " Outside , in the center of the hamlet , silence rules . No cars are allowed . Just 50 residents still live here and , walking around , I come across elderly women sitting on doorsteps and art restorers at work . Occasionally a passerby looks at me shyly , but greets me with a hello . "  Even when the hotel is fully booked you 'll feel on your own , " says Annunziata Taraschi , who has an unusual job as Sextantio 's anthropologist , collecting the village 's oral tradition and lost customs . While that might be great for guests , locals are n't so sure . "  It 's one thing coming here as a visitor , and another living here " says Dina Rusciolelli , owner of La Bettola di Geppetto , the village tavern . "  After a while you can go nuts . " There are no complaints about the food though -- a mix of gourmet and traditional . Sitting at the scarred wooden tables of the Cantinone , a large dining room 50 meters from reception , Franco Cannioli serves me pan bagnato -- a dish of bread and vegetables -- with cured meats , lentil soup , pecorino cheese , pears and nuts . Bloodsucking witches There 's a glass of Montepulciano di Abruzzo red wine on the table . Evening meals are taken in La Locanda Sotto gli Archi , the hotel 's grotto restaurant located on the other side of the hamlet where chef Simone Iezzi serves a daily changing menu that includes signature dishes like ricotta cheese ravioli , pork chops and fried breaded porcini mushrooms . After an afternoon nap , I 'm greeted in the hotel 's tea room and craft shop by Giovanna Fiorenzi , who sits at an old spinning frame making wool carpets , bed covers and giving weaving lessons to guests . She also spins a few old tales , telling me about spirits haunting the woods and witches who suck the blood of crying babies . She serves licorice and artichoke herbal tea alongside traditional Ferratelle waffles . She also makes Genziana , a sweet and sour alcoholic drink made from Gentian roots . There 's a crystal bottle of Genziana and a crackling fire waiting for me when I get back to my room in evening . The next morning I 'm woken by birdsong and light filtering through small , wooden-framed windows . Breakfast is a buffet table laden with homemade yogurt , pies , ricotta cheese and a ham leg over in the restaurant . It 's fine to wander over there before getting ready for the day to savor one of the great treats of these hamlet hotels . How many other hotels offer guest the chance to stroll outside through a mountain village , taking in great views and fresh air , while wearing pajamas ? Other ` diffuse ' hotels Scicli Albergo Diffuso sits among the ruins of a temple and has Baroque dwellings spread across a UNESCO-listed historical center . Its Diffuse Breakfast features the best of Sicily 's pastries . Via Francesco Mormina Penna , 15 , Scicli , Sicilia The spa area at Aquaesinis , a traditional farm in Sardinia , used to be a wine cellar . Vegetables were once stacked in the romantic suite while the family suite used to be a hen house . Via C.Battisti , Cabras ; +390783392251 The stones of Matera town offer a stunning background for Le Grotte della Civita featuring grotto rooms , rock bathtubs and animal feeders turned into sinks . The reception area is a former monastic cell and the restaurant sits inside a crypt . Via Civita 28 , Matera ; +390835332744 Il Borgo di Sempronio dates to 849 AD . Several rooms were once part of a convent . The Degustation Room , an old mill , serves Tuscany 's top cured meats and cheese .  Via del Pretorio , 3 Semproniano ; +390564986226	Sextantio is a so-called "  diffuse hotel " based in the Italian village of Santo Stefano di Sessanio Instead of being based under one roof , these hotels spread their facilities across different buildings in a village Sextantio uses barns , stables , pigsties and even an old brothel to create an upscale rural hotel
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Rebels seized an international airport in Yemen Sunday as a U.N. envoy warned that the country was at "  the edge of civil war . " Houthi militants took over the airport in Taiz as they swept through the city and surrounding province , two officials with the Taiz provincial government said . One civilian was killed and 82 others wounded when the rebels fired at local residents protesting their presence , the officials said . The rebels have also seized security and intelligence buildings in Taiz and set up checkpoints in the area , the officials said . Taiz , about 390 kilometers  240 miles  south of Sanaa , is Yemen 's cultural capital . The rebels -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- surrounded the presidential palace in January . Yemen 's President and his Cabinet resigned days later . Ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi says his resignation was n't valid and maintains that he remains the country 's leader . In a statement Sunday , the United Nations Security Council backed Hadi , calling for all sides to end armed hostilities and work out differences at the negotiating table . "  Peaceful dialogue is the only way forward , " said Jamal Benomar , the U.N. 's special adviser on Yemen . But he gave a dire assessment of the current situation , saying the country is in a "  rapid downward spiral " and at "  the edge of civil war . " This is n't the first time the U.N. Security Council has weighed in on the mounting tensions . Last month the council slammed the rebels for taking over democratic institutions and holding officials under house arrest . But so far , it seems calls for calm from around the world have done little to quell the violence . Last week , a Yemeni jet commanded by the Houthi fired missiles at a palace housing Hadi in the port city of Aden . No one was injured , but the direct strike marked an escalation in the deadly fighting between the two sides . That same day , Yemeni military forces -- some under the Houthis , others led by officers loyal to Hadi -- battled in Aden , leaving at least 13 people dead in the clashes , Aden Gov. AbdulAziz Hobtour said . There are growing concerns that terror groups such as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and ISIS could take advantage of the chaos to mount attacks and spread their reach . Bombings at two mosques in Sanaa last week killed at least 137 people and wounded hundreds more . ISIS claimed responsibility in a statement posted on a site that has published previous statements from the group . On Saturday the State Department said the U.S. military had pulled its remaining personnel out of Yemen due to the deteriorating security situation . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa , CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta and CNN 's Richard Roth reported from the United Nations . CNN 's Anas Hamdan , Greg Botelho , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ed Payne and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	The U.N. Security Council backs Yemen 's embattled President U.N. envoy says Yemen is in a "  rapid downward spiral , " urges dialogue Houthi rebels have taken over the Taiz airport and set up checkpoints nearby
CNN  -- Crews in North Dakota were testing the air Tuesday morning for any dangerous fumes a day after two trains wrecked , sparking a large fire . The results of the tests will help determine when it is safe for residents to resume their routine activities . One of the trains was carrying crude oil , which sent dangerous smoke into the air , officials said . The incident occurred one mile west of Casselton , a town of 2,300 residents about 25 miles west of Fargo . Authorities issued an evacuation order , which was not mandatory , but "  strongly , strongly recommended , " Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney told CNN . He estimated that 65 % of area residents heeded the call to leave their homes . There were no injuries in the wreck , and everyone is accounted for , Laney said . "  When you see the fireball and you see the damage and the aftermath , that 's amazing that nobody was hurt , " he said . "  There were people inside their homes that could feel the heat from the explosion in their homes . " Firefighters were forced to let the fire burn out . The extreme heat made it impossible for them to get close enough to the flames to battle the blaze . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Aaron Cooper and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Crews are testing the air near Casselton , North Dakota They are testing for any toxic fumes A train wreck on Monday created an oil fire
CNN  -- So , a judge walks out of a bar ... When the New Jersey Supreme Court decided that Vincent August Sicari must choose between his career as a municipal judge and his other career in the entertainment industry , he decided it was n't yet the time to have a last laugh . Vincent August Sicari has practiced both law and comedy for over 15 years , and in January 2008 he became a part-time municipal judge in South Hackensack . While a judge , he continued to pursue his entertainment career as a standup comedian and actor , including appearing on the TV show "  What Would You Do ? " under the name Vince August , according to court documents . Sicari resigned in person from his judiciary position Thursday , just a few hours after the high court issued its unanimous decision . "  I 'm disappointed . I 'm proud of being a judge ; I take great pride in it . It is a great life accomplishment , a great career accomplishment , " Sicari told CNN Thursday . "  I do n't like being forced to make a decision . " Though no longer a judge , Sicari will continue to be an attorney -- which is permitted -- and moonlight as an actor and comedian . He says that over the years he made the decision specifically not to work for big law firms so he could designate his hours as he saw fit and not neglect one career over the other . "  I 'm going to keep doing what I was doing , but now I 'm not a judge , " Sicari said . According to court documents , Sicari provided information about his standup routines to the Advisory Committee on Extrajudicial Activities following his municipal court appointment . After the panel determined that his comedy career was a conflict , he appealed to the state 's high court . Sicari argued that his two careers were completely independent of one another and never overlapped , according to statements put forward in court . The Supreme Court judges pointed , however , to a writeup in the Bergen Record newspaper in which they associated Vince A. Sicari , the lawyer , and Vince August , the actor and comedian . "  Vince Sicari , the lawyer , may be free to pursue a parallel career as an actor and comedian . Once he chose also to serve as a municipal court judge , however , he became subject to the Code of Judicial Conduct , " the judges wrote . One canon of the Code of Judicial Conduct requires judges "  to conduct any extrajudicial activities in a manner to avoid casting reasonable doubt on the judge 's capacity to act impartially as a judge . " Sicari could be seen in various roles on "  What Would You Do ? " -- a show that features social experiments to capture public 's reactions to real-life scenarios played out by actors . The judges noted that his roles portraying homophobia , racial profiling and other forms of discrimination could be misleading to someone catching a glimpse of the show before changing the channel . His routines at comedy clubs often involve politics and religion . "  In the course of his routines , Sicari has demeaned certain people based on national origin and religion and has revealed his political leanings , " the judges wrote . "  The court can not ignore the distinct possibility that a person who has heard a routine founded on humor disparaging certain ethnic groups and religions will not be able to readily accept that the judge before whom he or she appears can maintain the objectivity and impartiality that must govern all municipal court proceedings . " Sicari maintains that his careers that he loves equally , were always separate . "  When I 'm a lawyer I 'm focused on that , when I 'm on stage , on set , I focus on that , " he told CNN . "  I thought I 've done it pretty well . "	Vincent August Sicari held down two careers -- one as a comedian , the other as a judge New Jersey 's Supreme Court ruled unanimously that he must choose one or the other Sicari -- until today a municipal court judge in South Hackensack -- chose comedy Court ruled that parts of his act could cast doubt on his impartiality ; Sicari disputed that
Flint , Michigan  CNN  -- Relatives of a former U.S. Marine jailed in Iran for allegedly spying for the CIA say they are pleading with the leaders of the Islamic Republic to show mercy and set Amir Mirzaei Hekmati free . "  I just want to ask President  Mahmoud  Ahmadinejad and the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , these two are our only hope . These two can bring Amir home , " pleaded Behnaz Hekmati , Amir 's mother . "  We just want  him  to come home , I think one year is enough . If you want to punish us , if you want to punish Amir , for whatever reason he is there , just one year is enough . Please let him come home , " his mother added . With reluctance and much apprehension , the Hekmati family opened their home to CNN and sat down for an exclusive interview , their first since Hekmati was arrested on August 29 , 2011 . "  The struggle is the lack of communication , " said Sarah Hekmati , Amir 's sister , "  going from talking to someone daily , weekly , and visiting on holidays to absolutely nothing and not knowing what 's going on . " Amir Hekmati , 29 , was born in Arizona , and was raised in Nebraska and Michigan . His family described him as an all-American guy with a yearning to travel and a love of languages . They said he is an outgoing , athletic individual who joined the military to help his family financially and a man who is proud of his service in Iraq . Mother of accused U.S. spy says Iranian charges are false His family says he wanted to learn more about his culture and heritage . This was his first trip to Iran and he was looking forward to visiting with relatives , especially the maternal grandmother who helped raise him . But after two weeks in Iran , Hekmati was arrested , and his family says he was not charged with anything for months . But in December of last year Amir 's parents say they were shocked to see a video broadcast on Iranian TV showing their son confessing to espionage . In the edited and highly produced video , Hekmati utters his name in English speaks in Farsi describing his work as a U.S. Marine and seeming to confirm the allegations of the Iranian government that he was an Iranian-American working as a CIA agent . "  They forced him to do that . That 's not true , " said Hekmati 's mother , referring to the alleged confession . "  They knew he was a military  soldier  because he told the Embassy of Iran he was in the military , " she adds , explaining that her son checked with Iranian authorities in the United States before making the trip . "  He 's not a spy , he 's not working for the CIA , we know that , we are sure , absolutely , " Behnaz Hekmati said . The U.S. State Department also denies Hekmati was spying for the U.S. government and calls this case a gross miscarriage of justice . "  We never thought he should have been arrested . We 've been trying , because he 's a dual U.S.-Iranian national , we 've been trying to get access to him since he was originally locked up , " said State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland . "  The Iranians have never allowed us to go to see him . " Amir 's mother has traveled to Iran three times and has been granted limited visits . She described her son as disheartened and completely confused as to why he was arrested . "  He is skinny , pale , like a chalk , his face was like chalk . Hair was shaved , had a beard , he walked like this and the feet was together he walked like a robot , " she said . "  He could n't stop crying and he was  saying  ' I do n't know why I 'm here , ' Mom . " The Hekmatis say their son now has a government - approved lawyer in Iran although contact with him has been sporadic . A lower court in Iran sentenced Hekmati to death in January , but the nation 's Supreme Court annulled that sentence less than two months later and ordered a retrial . The lower court previously had convicted Hekmati of "  working for an enemy country , " as well as membership in the Central Intelligence Agency . The Hekmatis now believe their son will be granted a retrial , but no date has been set and the family says they have very little information about the legal process . For Amir 's twin sister , Leila , the worry and the waiting have been all too overwhelming . She read from a card he wrote her on their joint birthday last year , before he went to Iran : " '  T  ime has passed but one thing has n't changed and that 's the bond I share with my twin sister . I will never be alone no matter where I am . ' "  At night I just think about him ; I feel so helpless . I feel like I ca n't do anything . Just please , bring him home , " she pleaded , hoping Iranian leaders will hear her . Ali Hekmati , Amir 's father , said he believes the best chance they have of bringing Amir home soon is appealing to the Iranian leaders directly . "  It 's going to take some cooperation from Iranian leaders , " he said . "  The leadership needs to show some leniency and some cooperation in helping out a crying mother and sister and a father who loves his son dearly . "  I miss Amir very much , " he said . Can Iran and America be friends ? CNN 's Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	Family members of a former Marine jailed in Iran give CNN an exclusive interview They direct their pleas to Iran 's leaders , asking them to send Amir Mirzaei Hekmati home "  They forced him " to confess to espionage , his mother says . "  That 's not true " "  At night I just think about him , " says his twin sister Leila . "  I feel so helpless "
CNN  She predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened . And her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country . Veteran journalist and author Sandra Mackey died Sunday , her son , Colin Mackey , said . She was 77 . Her extensive career began in anonymity . She was an undercover reporter working for U.S. newspapers from Saudi Arabia as her husband , Dr. Dan Mackey , worked in a Riyadh hospital . For four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around Saudi Arabia 's prohibition on foreign journalists . Her work appeared under the pseudonym Michael Collins . As she chronicled what was happening around her , Mackey 's distinctive voice began to emerge . Over the years , a stream of books followed . "  The Saudis : Inside the Desert Kingdom " offered "  a rare first-hand glimpse into the hidden realm of Saudi social and public life , " The New York Times wrote . Her 1992 book "  Passion and Politics : The Turbulent World of the Arabs " helped bridge gaps in understanding between Arabs and Americans , critics wrote . Mackey wrote for the people she knew , in a layman 's language that was rooted in her training as a high school history teacher . "  Scholars may be put off by Mackey 's occasionally florid , bombastic language , but her work is a sound analysis and a sympathetic yet balanced effort to explain Arab perspectives to Americans , " Elizabeth R. Hayford wrote in Library Journal . After earning a history degree from the University of Central Oklahoma , Mackey attended the University of Virginia to study international relations . She graduated in the first class of women admitted to the graduate program . For her book on Iran , Mackey was three times able to win permission to travel through the country unaccompanied , allowing her to paint an intimate portrait of a country going through extraordinary change . Her 2002 book "  The Reckoning -- Iraq and the Legacy of Saddam Hussein " portended some of the outcomes of the war in Iraq -- but also drew some sharp criticism . "  If war prevails , we shall beget a greater disorder in the Persian Gulf , " Mackey wrote in the book . "  We will be sucked into the resentments of the Arab world , the hostilities of the Iraqis , and the challenge of nation building in what has become an intensely tribal society at the core of American vital interests in the oil-rich Persian Gulf . " Fouad Ajami , the late Hoover Institute fellow who was also a frequent guest on CNN , took issue with the book . "  The crowds in Baghdad and Basra  like the crowds in Kabul that greeted their liberators with kites and music  may yet embarrass Mackey and the countless naive people who see things her way , " Ajami wrote for The New York Times ' Sunday Book Review cover story in 2002 . Mackey had an Oklahoma twang , the slightly nasal kind that she was proud of , but that belied her worldly understanding . She would use it to full effect when she wanted to put people at ease . Mackey was a frequent commentator on CNN during the Gulf War in the 1990s . She also appeared on countless other outlets , including Bill Maher 's "  Politically Incorrect , " to explain in layman 's terms what was happening in the region . Her book on Iraq was published one year before the U.S.-led invasion of the country in 2003 . The book forewarned of the consequences of such action . "  In a perfect world , Shia , Sunni , and Kurd , followed by a company of other minorities , would walk into the post-Hussein Iraq as a liberated people united by common suffering , " Mackey wrote . "  But as all those who plot the way of nations are so acutely aware , the world is not perfect . " She said those calling for an invasion of Iraq "  can not ignore the threats to American security that could come with Hussein 's demise . " "  With American troops on the ground and no governing authority capable of taking charge , the United States faces the real possibility of a secular version of militant Islam , " Mackey said . " ... Thus , American military forces rotate in and out , U.S. taxpayer money finances the occupation , and Iraqi hostility to a Western presence increases . There is no exit strategy except retreat . " In 2004 the U.S. military actually flew Mackey to Iraq to teach commanders from the Army 's 1st Infantry Division while the war was still raging . Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military officers . "  I am literally a little old lady in tennis shoes , " she used to joke about her ability to gain the confidence of countless sources . "  What 's the harm in talking to me ? "	Mackey predicted what would happen to Iraq if the U.S. invaded and deposed Saddam Hussein She also wrote a book credited with helping bridge gap between Arabs and Americans
CNN  -- Muslims around the world woke up Sunday and welcomed the end of a long month of fasting with hearty greetings of "  Eid Mubarak , " or happy festivities . Egyptian women perform the Eid al-Fitr dawn prayer at a stadium in Mansura , 120 km north of Cairo . The faithful were ushering in Eid al-Fitr -- three days of celebrations that Muslims mark with joyous community prayers , acts of charity , visits from far-flung relatives , gift-giving and elaborate feasts . "  Think Christmas , Thanksgiving , New Year 's -- all rolled into one . It 's that huge for us , " said Sajjad Aziz of Hoboken , New Jersey . Islam follows a lunar calendar , and the timing of Eid al-Fitr varies around the world depending on when the crescent of a new moon is sighted . So , while most countries -- including the United States -- observed Eid on Sunday , some will begin their celebrations on Monday . The night before Eid , entire communities gather on rooftops , scanning the sky with giddy anticipation . "  It only needs one sighting of the moon in the whole country , and the whole nation erupts in cheers , " said Qazi Arif , 35 , of Sirajgong , Bangladesh . "  It 's a divine feeling , hard to describe . " Eid al-Fitr bids goodbye to Ramadan -- a month of dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks and other sensual pleasures . Muslims believe the Quran , the religion 's holy book , was revealed to Prophet Muhammad during Ramadan more than 1,400 years ago . The Eid is one of two major holidays in Islam , alongside another called Eid al-Adha . The latter commemorates the prophet Abraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son , Ishmael , for God . On the morning of Eid , Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers that are often held in open fields to accommodate crowds too big to contain in mosques . Those who can afford it donate a small percentage of their possession or its equivalent to the poor and needy so they too can avail themselves for the celebrations . Feasts await at every house . "  It 's a festival principally about community . We 're even asked to take a different route when we walk back from prayers so that we can meet different sets of people to greet and celebrate with , " said Wasim Iqbal of Karachi , Pakistan . For Muslims in North America -- and countries where they are the minority -- Eid is a more subdued affair . "  If you have family close by , then you can kind of capture the mood that you remember from back home , " said Abdallah Gamal , a native of Egypt who lives in St. Louis , Missouri . "  But it 's not the same . " Because the U.S. Census does not ask about religious affiliation , it is difficult to gauge the Muslim population in the United States . The Pew Muslim American study conducted two years ago estimated it at 2.5 million , while the Council on American-Islamic Relations places it as high as 6 million . On Saturday , both President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton offered greetings to American Muslims . "  We know there is more than unites peoples of faith than divides us , " Clinton said . "  So as Ramadan draws to a close , let us hold on to that spirit of community throughout the year to achieve our common goals of peace , prosperity and stability . " It is a message that Afghanistan 's president , Hamid Karzai , also shared during Eid prayers when he called on the Taliban to join the peace process in his war-weary country . The day was n't one of universal comity , however . In Yemen , the government and rebels accused each other Saturday of breaking a cease-fire they both asked for to commemorate Eid . And Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei used his Eid sermon to launch another volley at the country 's arch-rival Israel and at Western powers . "  We 're not quite there , I 'll will admit , " said Mehreen Ali of Boston , Massachusetts . "  But have you seen an Eid prayer ? Rows and rows of Muslims all prostrating together in unison . It 's a feeling of such unity and brotherhood . You have to believe that with that spirit present , anything is possible . "	Eid al-Fitr marks end of Ramadan -- dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks Timing of Eid varies around world depending on when crescent of new moon sighted On the morning of Eid , Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers On Saturday Barack Obama offered greetings to American Muslims
Financial Times  -- A survey of Ryanair pilots has found concerns about the low-cost carrier 's safety culture , and support for an inquiry by regulators . Ryanair , Europe 's largest budget airline by revenue , declined to comment on the survey on Sunday , but said it had an "  unblemished 29-year safety record " . The survey was commissioned by the Ryanair Pilot Group , which is seeking to have the airline 's pilots represented by trade unions in negotiations on pay and working conditions . It contacted more than 1,000 captains and first officers at Ryanair -- more than one-third of the total number of pilots at the company . The survey was prompted by a warning in April by Ray Conway , Ryanair 's chief pilot and a senior manager , that any pilot signing a petition -- organised by the Ryanair Pilot Group and calling on regulators to evaluate whether the company 's employment model had an impact on the safety of flight operations -- would be liable for dismissal . Of those participating in the survey , 89 per cent said that , following this memorandum from Mr Conway , they did not consider that Ryanair had an open and transparent safety culture . Mr Conway said in his memo that any pilot who had legitimate safety concerns should raise them through Ryanair 's confidential safety reporting channel or with the Irish Aviation Authority . The survey found that 67 per cent did not feel comfortable raising safety issues through Ryanair 's internal reporting system . It also found 94 per cent believed regulators should conduct an inquiry into the impact of Ryanair 's employment practices on safety . Evert van Zwol , chairman of the Ryanair Pilot Group 's interim council , said it had a "  strong suspicion " that the airline 's employment practices may be affecting flight safety , but had no proof , which explained why an inquiry was warranted by regulators . He added a majority of Ryanair 's pilots were not employed directly but instead hired through agencies , and expressed concerns about their terms and conditions , saying many have so-called zero-hours contracts where there are no guaranteed working hours . "  The results of the survey are reason for very great concern and call for immediate action -LSB- by -RSB- all involved parties , to get working on a solution and lowering these -LSB- survey -RSB- percentages sharply down , " said Mr van Zwol . Ryanair said it would not comment on the Ryanair Pilot Group or its survey , which is due to be outlined in a Channel 4 "  Dispatches " programme on Monday . It also would not comment on whether any of its pilots were on zero-hours contracts . Ryanair 's 2013 annual report said safety is the company 's "  primary priority " , starting with the hiring and training of its pilots , flight attendants and maintenance staff . Employees earn productivity-based incentive payments , including some for pilots based on their number of flying hours . But the annual report said Ryanair pilots are subject to limits of 900 flying hours each financial year , as determined by Irish regulators . It added the average number of flying hours by pilots in 2013 was approximately 798 -- a 5 per cent decline compared to 2012 .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	Ryanair , Europe 's largest budget airline by revenue , declined to comment on the survey on Sunday More than 1,000 captains and first officers at Ryanair -- more than one-third of the total number of pilots at the company . It also found 94 per cent believed an inquiry is needed into the impact of Ryanair 's employment practices on safety
It 's a sad day for local news fans . NBC News has shuttered EveryBlock , a hyperlocal news site that pulled in and mapped useful information from a variety of rich sources , including Craigslist posts , police reports , restaurant inspections and Yelp reviews . NBC announced the shutdown in a blog post on Thursday and it is effective immediately . The post has already racked up more than 630 comments , mostly by surprised loyal users who made up the active commenting community . Launched in 2008 in Chicago by Adrian Holovaty , EveryBlock started as an exciting experiment with a two-year $ 1.1 million grant from the Knight Foundation . The company was acquired by MSNBC.com a year later , and in 2012 NBC News bought MSNBC.com . The maps plotted a mix of commercial , government and nonprofit feeds . You could see Flickr photos , recent muggings , local news stories and home foreclosures on your street , viewed as a map , list or RSS feed . Over the years the site expanded beyond Chicago to deliver local news for 19 cities , including San Francisco , Atlanta , New York and Los Angeles . Chicago always remained the most popular EveryBlock city , accounting for more than half the site 's traffic , according to Alexa rankings . Unfortunately for the committed users and 10 employees working on the project , the model was n't profitable enough for NBC News to keep it open . "  We looked at various options to keep this going , but none of them were viable . It was a tough call to make , " NBC News ' chief digital officer Vivian Schiller told Poynter . Schiller said EveryBlock was n't a good fit with the company 's growth strategy . "  EveryBlock was among the more innovative and ambitious journalism projects at a time when journalism desperately needed innovation and ambition . RIP , " wrote a shocked Holovaty , who was no longer with the company , in a post on the closure . "  Within the world of neighborhood news there 's an exciting pace of innovation yet increasing challenges to building a profitable business , " said the EveryBlock team in a blog post . "  Though EveryBlock has been able to build an engaged community over the years , we 're faced with the decision to wrap things up . "	EveryBlock plotted a mix of commercial , government and nonprofit feeds The site was an experiment in data and mapping based journalism EveryBlock was started in 2008 and had sites for 19 cities .
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people demonstrated on the streets of Dublin , Ireland , on Saturday against the government 's austerity plan . Irish police estimated the number taking part in the largely peaceful demonstration to be about 50,000 . The protests were organized by the Irish Congress of Trade Unions  ICTU  , which has called the four-year plan for spending cuts and tax hikes "  savage and regressive . " Irish police said a comprehensive policing plan has been put in place "  in order to facilitate a peaceful march . " Groups of eight to 10 police officers were seen at several key intersections , monitoring the activity . Families , pensioners , the unemployed and members of unions and community groups were among the demonstrators who braved a rare dusting of snow to come out Saturday , the ICTU said . The marching route took protesters along the River Liffey to a Dublin landmark , the General Post Office . Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen announced the plan this week after agreeing to a bailout package from the International Monetary Fund and European Union , needed to tackle Ireland 's massive debt . The plan saves 10 billion euros  $ 13.4 billion  through welfare cuts and an additional 5 billion euros  $ 6.7 billion  through higher taxes . There will be reductions in the minimum wage and public-sector pay , and a hike in the value-added tax on goods and services , Cowen said . The plan calls for introducing water meters , making students pay more for higher education , and requiring more Irish workers to pay income tax . Trade unions complain the plan unfairly targets lower-paid workers , while making no provision for a tax on asset wealth . They say it fails to explain how the Irish people can carry the banks ' massive debts and sets out no strategy for creating jobs . "  People are angry and they 've had enough of this government , " local journalist Juliette Gash told CNN . "  They 're furious because they feel like the government has handed over the keys to the country . " Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	Around 50,000 demonstrate in Dublin The plan saves 15 billion euros through welfare cuts and higher taxes Ireland 's prime minister says it is needed to tackle the country 's massive debt Trade unions call the plan "  savage and regressive "
Italian authorities responded late Thursday to a ship without any crew that was carrying 450 migrants , that country 's coast guard said . It 's the second time this week Italy 's coast guard has rescued such a vessel . "  Because of the difficult weather conditions , the ship can only be reached by air . From what we know , the ship , which flies the flag of Sierra Leone , would have hundreds of migrants on board , " the Italian air force said in a statement . It said the cargo ship Ezadeen was in at a standstill because of a blackout . The migrants launched an SOS , said Floriana Segreto , a spokeswoman for the Italian coast guard . Women and children are thought to be on the ship . By early Friday morning , the vessel remained at a standstill 58 miles  93 kilometers  off the coast of the city of Crotone in the Ionian Sea , the coast guard said , where rescuers were trying to restart the boat 's engines . On Wednesday , a freighter carrying 768 people , most believed to be migrants from war-torn Syria , docked safely in the southern port of Gallipoli after the coast guard seized control . The Italian coast guard told CNN a "  real disaster " was avoided when authorities boarded the Blue Sky M after the crew apparently jumped ship . Italian coast guard commander Filippo Marini said the vessel was cruising on autopilot toward the rocky Italian coast at 6 nautical miles per hour . The course of the vessel was reversed to avoid a collision with the rocks . The coast guard said a collision would not only have led to the deaths of passengers but would also have created an environmental disaster .	Rescuers are trying to restart the boat 's engines , the coast guard says The ship without any crew is carrying 450 migrants This is the second time this week the Italian coast guard has rescued such a vessel
Constitucion , Chile  CNN  -- The only thing that seemed to frighten Pedro Munoz that dark morning was that a guilty conscience would haunt him if he did nothing . He 'd been a fisherman all his life and was familiar with the fury of the sea . Still , he chose to sail into the oncoming tsunami , sacrificing his own life so others could live . Tabita Bravo sits on a riverbank , perching on the side of a 15-foot wooden boat like her husband 's . It 's a struggle to hear her small voice above the sound of waves rolling over the pebbles . "  My husband always said to me that if God took him before his time , that he hoped it would be doing something for his town and his people , " Bravo said . Bravo had been camping with her 54-year-old husband , her 20-year-old son , Luis Anabalon , and family friend Juan Padilla on an island in the River Maule . The island is a few hundred yards from the ocean and closer still to the town of Constitucion . It was a tradition here to camp out on the island in the closing days of the Southern Hemisphere 's summer . The family was asleep , and scores more were camping nearby when they were awakened by the massive quake about 3.30 a.m. local time February 27 . Munoz took one look as the river began to rapidly ebb and knew that a tsunami was on its way . "  Pedro and my son dragged the boat down to the water line and shouted ` Women and children first ! ' I ran to get everybody together . But the boat was too small , and there was not enough space for everybody , " Bravo explained . Bravo refused a spot on the first boat . She , her son and Padilla helped load four women and their six young children aboard . A first wave came rolling in , and Munoz ferried the first group out of harm 's way . He shouted that he would be back . Just before the second wave hit , Munoz sailed the 400-yard round trip and departed the island a second time , taking his wife and nine others . His stepson and friend stayed behind to organize the others still stranded . Time was running out as the tsunami waters rose . "  As I looked back , I heard screams and laments , " Bravo said . "  I shouted to my son Luis to run to the trees and climb up . He shouted back , ` I 'm OK , Mum . Never forget I love you . I love you . ' " Witnesses say Munoz saved at least 20 people in two trips . His wife begged him not to go back and instead head for higher ground . But a neighbor appeared and begged Munoz to make a third and final trip . "  He said , do n't worry , he 'd be back . But he said , if he did n't make it , then that 's God 's will , " Bravo said . "  He said if he did n't try to rescue more people , then he 'd always have it on his conscience . " Those were Munoz 's last words to his wife . She waited for him by a bridge until the water levels forced her to flee to high ground . "  I heard the third wave coming and destroying everything in its path . I heard ships ' moorings snap . I ran up the hill , and when I looked back , I realized Pedro , Luis and Juan were gone . I knew I 'd never see them again . " Bravo said . Inhabitants of Constitucion found Munoz 's body six days later . He had been dragged 5 kilometers  about 3 miles  into the thick forests that line the banks of the River Maule . Debris and bits of houses litter the forests . Three fishing boats , each about 70 tons , lie battered and beached there , too . A short bit away , the digging arm of a bright yellow backhoe can be seen jutting out of the water . On the opposite side of the river , the back of a cement truck rises just above the water level . If the tsunami has destroyed those objects , each weighing many tons , one ca n't even begin to imagine how Pedro Munoz must have battled to keep his 15-foot skiff on course . There 's no record of the names of the 20 women and children whom witnesses say Munoz saved that morning . Events unfolded too fast , and the situation was too desperate to make a note . The tsunami has wiped out most of Tabita Bravo 's physical reminders of her marriage to Munoz , too . She clutches just three damp photos she rescued from the sludge . But she will never forget . "  I always knew Pedro was a hero . Now , the memories are in my heart , " she said .	Pedro Munoz was camping on island in river when earthquake struck He made two trips in his boat to save at least 20 people "  He said , if he did n't make it , then that 's God 's will , " widow says
Stuart Rothenberg , who has served as a political analyst for CNN and CBS News , is editor and publisher of The Rothenberg Political Report , a non-partisan political newsletter . Nathan Gonzales is the publication 's political editor . North Carolina 's Elizabeth Dole was once regarded as a lock for re-election , but now could lose her seat . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two years ago , as the 2007-2008 election cycle was beginning , one female Republican senator up for re-election looked to be in serious danger : Maine 's Susan Collins . But with just three weeks left until Election Day , the moderate Collins now appears to be one of the few embattled Republican senators who could survive the forthcoming Democratic wave . On the other hand , North Carolina 's Elizabeth Dole , once regarded as a lock for re-election , looks as if she is about to fall at the hands of Democratic challenger Kay Hagan . How did Dole become more endangered than Collins ? First , Collins ' campaign understood from the beginning that her opponent , 1st District Democratic Congressman Tom Allen , would be a formidable foe . Allen , a former mayor of Portland , already represents half of the state , and he has the kind of earnest , low-key style that appeals to many Maine voters . Second , Collins understood that she 'd get no help from the top of the ticket this year , so she had to raise money and get her message out early . Most neutral observers have expected the eventual Democratic nominee for president to carry Maine this year , since Al Gore carried the state by 5 percentage points in 2000 and John Kerry won it by 9 percentage points four years ago . Third , for whatever reason , Collins has , over the 12 years that she has represented the state in the Senate , developed considerable affection and respect from Maine voters , who see her as independent , hard-working and down to earth . It has been that bond with state voters that has allowed her to weather the current storm that is overwhelming other Republican incumbents . Dole , on the other hand , seemed not to appreciate the threat she faced . Hagan , after all , was not the initially-preferred candidate of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , and the Democratic state senator from Greensboro had first ruled out a bid against Dole before eventually changing her mind . Dole also apparently had trouble accepting that she was vulnerable . Her early poll numbers were strong , after all . But the DSCC spent heavily to attack Dole early , and they succeeded in softening her up . They also hit her on two good issues : her effectiveness  or lack of it  in Washington and the little time that she has spent in the state over the past few years . Finally , Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama is running better in the Tarheel state than most expected , so Dole is n't getting any kind of bump from the presidential race . Voters seem more interested in voting for change than for the more conservative candidate in the presidential and Senate races , and that has made Elizabeth Dole a seriously endangered incumbent . Collins ca n't yet take her re-election for granted , and Hagan 's victory is not yet certain . But Susan Collins appreciated her vulnerability early on and took steps to strengthen her chances for re-election , while Dole was slower to react and was weaker in her positioning than she initially believed .	Elizabeth Dole , once considered a lock for re-election , now seen as likely to lose Dole seemed not to appreciate threat she faced in Senate campaign , writers say Barack Obama 's good run in state means less of a bump for Dole Republican senator in Maine worked harder to combat her vulnerability , writers say
CNN  -- A year ago , Sarah Murnaghan , an 11-year-old Pennsylvania girl , was fighting for her life while her family waged a campaign to change a national policy on lung transplants for child recipients . Their battle has now led to permanent policy change . On Monday , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network  OPTN  and United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  announced their decision to allow some children ages 11 or younger to receive additional priority for lung transplants , including lungs from older donors , according to a statement from UNOS . The previous policy required lung transplant candidates to be at least 12 to receive lungs from an adult donor . Following an appeal by the Murnaghans , in June 2013 a federal judge issued a restraining order to prevent the age-restriction policy from being imposed in Sarah 's case . Sarah received lungs donated by an adult . The first transplants did n't take , requiring a second transplant , again from an adult donor . "  Sarah receiving adult lungs means she is now breathing on her own , " her family said last year , "  after three years of being tethered to machines . " On Monday , the family called her new lungs "  beautiful " and said Sarah will be returning to school in the fall . "  Sarah is still getting physical rehabilitation and we have work in front of us , " said the family , "  but we are blessed there has been no rejection . " The new policy change to allow some child recipients to receive lungs from adult donors "  is meant to provide an appropriate balance for a specific group of candidates , " a UNOS statement said Monday . The Murnaghan family expressed excitement regarding the decision , saying in a statement also released Monday that the policy change "  is important for two reasons : More children will be fortunate enough to receive life-saving lung transplants , and the medical community has determined this is the right step to take . " The fight was not just about Sarah , the Murnaghans said , "  because there was a very good chance it would have been too late for her -- but for every family in our situation . " Several factors determine a potential child recipient 's place in line on the adult list , such as distance from donor to potential recipient , a lung allocation score determined by a patient 's diagnosis and test results , and a patient 's blood type . Sarah 's parents said her score was a 78 last year and went up to a 91 in June of 2013 according to a family spokeswoman . Anything above 60 is considered a high score , according to the OPTN 's ranking system , and means a transplant need is particularly urgent . Sarah 's parents fought to change the policy regarding lung transplants because their daughter suffered from a lifelong battle with cystic fibrosis . This illness led to a deterioration of her lungs . In light of Sarah 's case the OPTN executive committee a year ago approved a one-year change to the age-restriction policy . Today , Sarah can be seen riding her bike outside , swimming , even kicking around the soccer ball . Sarah 's case received national attention and was widely covered by CNN . According to policy documents , a high-profile media case was the catalyst for the first change in policy . CNN 's Jason Carroll , Ross Levitt , Laura Ly , Rande Iaboni and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	New policy gives some child lung transplant candidates access to adult organs Sarah Murnaghan 's battle for a lung transplant prompts permanent policy change Decision will allow exception to the standard policy that has an age restriction That policy sets age 12 as the minimum to receive lung transplant from an adult donor
Gould , Arkansas  CNN  -- People on death row have a lot of time to think . Damien Echols is no different . Since his conviction for the 1993 murders of three 8-year-old boys , Echols has been fighting to keep his thoughts moving forward : to study , to grow intellectually and to distance himself from the bitterness that threatens to consume him . Echols was one of three teenagers convicted for that crime . They became known as the "  West Memphis Three , " probably the most feared and hated kids to ever walk into an Arkansas courtroom . The crime they were accused of was particularly heinous : the boys ' bruised and mutilated bodies were found in May 1993 in West Memphis , Arkansas , their arms and legs bound with their own shoelaces . Echols was the only one sentenced to die , believed to be the ring leader in murders driven by a worship of Satan . That was almost 18 years ago . Today Echols spends 23 hours a day alone in a cell with nothing to do but ponder all he 's lost and wonder if the Arkansas Supreme Court will be the key that finally sets him free . Later this year , an Arkansas Supreme Court judge will determine if Echols and the rest of the West Memphis Three should have their convictions thrown out . Prosecutors would then have the chance to retry them all and since they were sent to prison , the cases against them seem to have fallen apart . Echols ' attorneys plan to present DNA evidence not available at the time of the trial , as well as testimony that they say supports arguments that Echols and the two others are innocent . ` West Memphis Three ' cases receive new hearing On a dreary , overcast day in late November , I was allowed to talk to Echols for two hours about his conviction , his hopes and his most hated question -- the one he fears will follow him for the rest of his life , whether he is freed or not . I was n't sure what to expect . An advocate who arranged my interview with Echols cautioned that "  Damien does not suffer fools gladly . " I remember thinking how pale and gaunt Echols , now 36 years old , appeared as he was escorted down a hallway to a seat behind a thick glass wall . The handcuffs left bright red marks on his pale skin after they were removed . "  That looks like it hurt , " I said . Looking down and rubbing his wrist , Echols replied softly , "  It does . " He seemed a little surprised I would notice something like that . Echols says he has given hundreds of interviews , so many that there seems to be no question he would not be prepared to answer . The one question that has always bothered him the most also is the most obvious : Did you kill those children ? Echols believes the answer should be equally obvious . Echols : After all the new evidence that we have that 's come up now , it feels to me like I should n't have to answer that anymore , that people should be able to look at the evidence now and know that I did n't do it , without having to ask me that . I do n't know . I do n't know . Mattingly : People are going to be watching you right now . They 're going to be asking that question in their minds . They 're going to be judging you . Echols : I know . Mattingly : I 'll just ask you the question . Did you kill those boys ? Echols : No , I did n't . No , I did n't . Mattingly : When you answer that , what 's different now , compared to when you were on trial ? Do you think people are listening now , who might not have been listening before ? Echols : I think so . I think you have some people now who are looking at the evidence , who do . It 's been long enough for people to get past their emotions . The evidence Echols talks about is DNA and the fact that not a single tiny cell was recovered from the crime scene that belonged to the three convicted teens . Police did find a hair on one of the bodies that was a possible match to the stepfather of one of the victims . The emotion Echols refers to is the fear and raw anger of a public that he believes was out for his blood . The investigation , arrests and trials fueled the outrage , producing nightly reports of grisly details and shocking headlines . Echols seemed immune to it during his trial , appearing only to be what he describes as a "  smart-ass " and "  white trash " 18-year-old . But some wounds cut to the bone and today his scars seem just as deep . Echols was so interview-savvy that I was surprised when he suddenly got emotional . Mattingly : Are my questions upsetting you right now ? Echols : It 's hard .  pause  And I do n't know why . Because you would think I 'd be used to this by now .  long pause  I do n't know . It -- it 's hard . It -- it -- it -- like I said , it does n't get any easier . And you would think I would be used to this by now . But -- you do n't get used to this .  sighs And it does continue to get worse as time goes by . Knowing that -- you know , even if I were to go to trial today , and we were to present all this new evidence , and they were to find us not guilty , I would still , for the rest of my life , have people looking at me and asking me these questions about me , thinking these things about me . There 's no way to -- for them to undo what 's been done . If the Arkansas Supreme Court dismisses his conviction and orders a new trial for the three men , it would be extremely rare . But so far , Echols has beaten the odds . Consider that under normal circumstances , my interview would have never taken place . Echols was originally scheduled to be executed in 1994 . Instead he sits alone in his cell while possibly thousands follow his case . He has won the support of celebrities like Johnny Depp and Eddie Vedder . Echols is also married to a woman who left her job and life behind to fight for him in Arkansas . Not bad for a "  smart-ass " "  white trash " convicted killer . Mattingly : If the court does eventually decide that you are innocent , you know what that means ? Echols : What ? Mattingly : That the killer is still out there . Echols : Oh . Exactly . Yeah . Mattingly : What would you want for that killer ? Echols : That 's a hard question . Because my first instinct would be that he have to suffer everything that I 've had to suffer for the past almost 18 years now . But I do n't want to be that person . I do n't want to be that angry . I do n't want to be that bitter . Easier said than done . There are people who remain convinced of his guilt and want him to die . That will never change . After our interview , there was one comment from Echols I could n't forget . "  I miss the stars , " he said . "  You know , I have n't seen the stars in years and years and years . I miss the rain . I miss food . I miss all these things . But what it comes down to the most -- and this is the thing that will scar me the most and that I 'll carry with me as a scar the longest -- the thing I miss the most is being treated like a human being . "	Damien Echols is on death row for the 1993 murders of three boys in Arkansas He was convicted along with two others , all teenagers at the time Arkansas Supreme Court ruled in November to have the case reviewed That could result in a new trial for the "  West Memphis Three "
Vatican City  CNN  -- Catholic faithful from around the world poured into Rome on Sunday as the Catholic Church declares Pope John Paul II "  blessed , " a step below sainthood . There were cheers as Pope Benedict XVI personally beatified his predecessor , and a huge tapestry protrait of John Paul II was unveiled , showing him as the healthy , vigorous and relatively young man he was early in his papacy . A vial of John Paul II 's blood was placed before the crowds , which were expected to be the largest in the Vatican since the late pope 's funeral in 2005 . The blood , which was taken from him by doctors during his final illness for possible transfusion , but never used , was displayed in a specially made silver reliquary . Next came requests -- first in English and then Polish -- that people put down their banners and flags , and pray silently . "  In heaven a very different celebration is taking place among the angels and saints ! " Benedict declared in his homily . The current pope echoed the many who credit the Polish-born pope with playing a key role in the defeat of Communism , saying he turned "  back with the strength of a titan -- a strength which came to him from God -- a tide which appeared irreversible . " John Paul II made a pilgrimage to his native land , then part of the Soviet-dominated Communist bloc , shortly after his election in 1978 , and an estimated one third of the entire nation turned out to see him . "  Do n't be afraid , " he exhorted them . Poland 's Solidarity union sprang up soon after , and became the most organized and powerful anti-Communist movement in the Soviet bloc . Many commentators said John Paul helped inspire the movement , which ultimately toppled Poland 's Communist government in 1989 . John Paul II 's path to sainthood Benedict on Sunday also praised John Paul 's iron will in the face of his physical decline later in his life , saying , "  the Lord gradually stripped him of everything , yet he remained ever a ` rock , ' as Christ desired . " More than a million pilgrims turned out in Rome , police said . Many in the throng waved Polish flags and holding images of John Paul II , who was archbishop of Krakow in Poland before being elected pope . The presidents of Italy and Poland were among 16 heads of state at the mass , alongside seven prime ministers , the Vatican said . There were also big crowds in Krakow for the event , where at least 50,000 people braved pouring rain at the Sanctuary of Divine Mercy in Lagiewniki . For those who could n't make it to Rome or Krakow , the Vatican created a special Twitter feed for the event , @Pope2YouVatican . It also launched a Facebook page for it , and streamed it live to iPhones and iPads through Pope2You.net . Having visiting more countries than any previous pope and becoming the first pontiff from outside of Italy in 450 years , John Paul II also was the third-longest reigning pope in history . Catholics honor John Paul II in Bucharest , Romania The Vatican suggests he was seen in person by more than anyone else in human history , between his 104 foreign trips , the roughly 17 million pilgrims who attended weekly audiences with him at the Vatican over his long reign , and the millions more who saw him at special events in Rome . Did you encounter Pope John Paul II ? There were demands for his immediate canonization when he died , with crowds chanting "  Santo subito , " or "  Saint now . " But the late pope has critics as well as supporters , particularly among those who accuse him of not doing enough to stop the abuse of children by Catholic clergy . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests  SNAP  vowed to protest at 70 churches in seven countries Sunday , callingthe fast-tracking of pontiff 's sainthood "  a callous PR juggernaut honoring the man who presided over much of the ongoing crisis . " But John Paul II 's former spokesman , Joaquin Navarro-Valls , told CNN he had no doubt he had been in the presence of a saint . Navarro-Valls cited not only the pope 's devotion at prayer , but his concern for others , noting that when the pope called him after the death of his father , his first question was : "  How is your mother ? " He also recalled the pope 's informality , saying he sometimes had to remind himself that he was in the presence of the pope . And he said for the pope to retain his "  good humor " at the age of 80 , in the face of his weighty office and his physical suffering , "  is sanctity to me . " The pope 's photographer John Paul II was fast-tracked to beatification when he died in 2005 , and becomes "  the blessed " John Paul II barely six years after his death -- the fastest beatification in centuries . Navarro-Valls rejected the idea that the process was moving too fast to let history be the judge of John Paul II , saying canonization could take centuries . "  Once the virtues are clear , why wait ? " he asked . For beatification , a person must be credited with a miracle by the Catholic Church . Benedict ruled last year that John Paul II had miraculously cured a French nun of Parkinson 's disease after his death . The pope himself suffered from the condition . The nun , Sister Marie Simon-Pierre , was one of two nuns who brought the silver reliquary with the blood to Benedict after John Paul II was beatified . Sister Tobiana , who worked in the late pope 's household , was the other . The blood is still liquid because doctors added anti-coagulents to it when it was taken . The Catholic tradition of venerating saints ' physical remains -- known as relics -- dates to the earliest days of the church . Chicago family credits Pope John Paul II with personal miracle John Paul II 's coffin has also been removed from its tomb and is on display for the faithful to venerate this weekend . To become saint , John Paul II would need to perform a second miracle . The man named by John Paul II to be archbishop of Valencia in Spain died on the eve of the beatification , the archdiocese announced Sunday . Agustin Garcia-Gasco , who was later promoted to cardinal by Benedict XVI , was found dead in his room in Rome at the age of 80 , having watched preparations for the beatification the night before . CNN 's John L. Allen , Jr. , Hada Messia , Diana Magnay , Per Nyberg and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : More than a million pilgrims remember the late pope , police say Survivors of sexual abuse by priests call the event "  callous " and vow to protest John Paul II 's blood is displayed before the faithful in a specially made reliquary The Catholic Church is declaring the late pope to be "  blessed , " a step below sainthood
Editor 's note : Gloria Borger is a senior political analyst for CNN , appearing regularly on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " "  Campbell Brown , " "  AC360  " and "  State of the Union With John King " as well as other programs during special event coverage . Gloria Borger says President Obama 's plans are running into Americans ' widespread mistrust of government . CNN  -- So now comes the hard part . Now that a key Senate committee has finally moved a health care bill , President Obama can get to work to try and figure out a final version of reform . Now that Gen. Stanley McChrystal has recommended a large troop buildup in Afghanistan -- setting off an internal debate about recalibrating strategy -- the president can decide what he wants to do about the war . And now that the stock market is on the rebound -- while unemployment remains high -- Obama can figure out how to come up with a "  son of stimulus " package that targets jobs . Tough decisions are part of the president 's job description , after all . But here 's the tricky part : how to convince the public that you -- and government -- will do the right thing , or are even capable of it . Sure , distrust of government is as old as government itself . And there 's an inherent conflict in current public thinking , as scholars William Galston and Elaine Kamarck point out : While people want government to solve big problems like health care , they do n't trust the government to do it . "  There is nothing new about this ambivalence , " they write in an essay aptly titled "  Change you can believe in requires a government you can trust . " They write , "  But how ... the president deals with it may make the difference between success and failure . " So what 's a president with a big agenda to do ? He could have narrowed it , but instead decided to play "  all-in . " Because he was so popular , and because voters were so ready for a change , there was some thought the country might buy into the notion that good leadership could actually change the ethos of bad government . Obama probably believed it , too . So when the economic stimulus package was hatched , with hardly a Republican vote , the White House remained hopeful that , in the end , its success would restore confidence in their work . And they have since toiled mightily to brag about the stimulus package as evidence that government can work . After all , if FDR could do it , why not Barack Obama ? Instead , the stimulus has become a handy target . Wall Street may be doing well , both conservatives and liberals rail , but the jobs elsewhere are not coming back . And as the president now moves to ask the nation to support an overhaul of health care , voters are still asking : Why should we trust the government to do that ? Consider these numbers : At the end of the Bush administration -- with an unpopular president -- just 17 percent of the American public trusted the government to "  do the right thing " all or most of the time . And for all of the popularity of Barack Obama , that number now stands at a measly 23 percent . After Bill Clinton lost health care reform -- and control of the Congress -- trust in government in 1994 was at an all-time low : 21 percent . We 're almost there now . Ronald Reagan understood , and used to his benefit , the antipathy toward government . He used to joke that the scariest words in the lexicon were "  I 'm from the government and I 'm here to help . " He wanted to make government smaller , and his overall success with that notion prompted President Clinton to famously tell Congress "  the era of big government is over . " Well , it 's back . The question is whether President Obama can convince us that more government is what we want -- and need . As Reagan once told us , "  Trust , but verify . " If only we could . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Borger : Now the heat is on Obama to make crucial decisions She says White House bet that Americans would become more pro-government She says reality is that most people are still distrustful of government Borger : Can Obama convince people that we need more government ?
CNN  -- The facts show , and President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney agree , that U.S. production of oil and gas has increased over the past four years . But is this rise because of Obama , or "  in spite of his policies , " as the former Massachusetts governor said at Wednesday night 's debate ? "  All of the increase in natural gas and oil has happened on private land , not on government land , " Romney said . "  On government land , your administration has cut the number of permits and licenses in half . " The facts : The Republican nominee 's assertions can be broken down into two parts . The first has to do whether "  all of the increases in natural gas and oil " under Obama are attributable to drilling on private land , rather than federal and Indian lands and offshore areas . This statement raises a few questions . Firstly , has there been more oil and gas production , relatively , on private lands versus federal lands ? Secondly , does the federal government , through regulations and license approvals , have any impact on oil and gas production on private land ? And last , can "  all " the increase in production be tied to production on private lands ? There is no dispute that natural gas production on private lands has increased . Adam Sieminski , head of the U.S. Energy Information Administration , told a congressional subcommittee in August that it went up "  by 16.4 billion cubic feet per day " from fiscal year 2005 to fiscal year 2011 , which ended September 30 , 2011 -- a period that includes parts of the administrations of both President George W. Bush and Obama . Meanwhile , natural gas production on federal and Indian lands has steadily fallen , a trend that began around fall 2002 . This is due to a consistent decrease in offshore gas drilling , though such gas production onshore , on federal lands , is actually higher now than it was at the end of the Bush administration . Overall , the percentage of U.S.-produced natural gas from federal lands -- relative to that produced from private ones -- fell significantly over the past eight years , from 35 % to 21 % , reported Sieminski . Oil production is more a mixed bag . On state and private lands , oil production was actually going down in the 2000s , leveled off between fiscal years 2007 and 2010 , then went up by 385,000 barrels a day in fiscal year 2011 , when the most recent data are available , Sieminski said . On federal and Indian lands , as well as federally approved offshore drilling sites , oil production went up from 1.6 million barrels per day to 2 million barrels per day between fiscal years 2008 and 2010 . But it dropped to 1.8 million barrels per day for the last fiscal year available , a decrease that the U.S. Energy Information Administration attributes to the impact of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Despite the one-year drop in production , oil production on federal and Indian lands from 2009 through 2011 totaled 2.027 million barrels . That 's an average of 675,000 barrels per year during Obama 's term , compared to an average annual production of 609,000 barrels annually during Bush 's last term . Now , moving onto the second part of Romney 's statement -- that Obama 's "  administration has cut the number of permits and licenses in half . " The Institute for Energy Research , a nonprofit research and advocacy group that has been critical of Obama , asserted in a September 26 report that the rate of oil and gas leasing  or licenses , as Romney stated  "  has slowed by about half . " It then directs readers to a chart on the federal Bureau of Land Management 's website . This chart does show that fewer leases have been granted under the first three years of Obama 's administration , compared to the last few years under Bush . Fewer drilling permits have also been issued , for these lands . During the last three fiscal years totally under Bush , there were 9,661 "  new leases " granted for federal lands . For the three most recent fiscal years  which includes a few months of Bush 's administration  , there were 5,568 such new leases . This works out to a 42.4 % decrease . Take the same comparable periods for drilling permits on federal lands . There were 20,479 for the last three years under Bush , then 12,821 for the most recent three including much of Obama 's first term . This is a 37.4 % decrease . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks Conclusion : There has been more oil and natural production on private lands than in federally controlled areas . So Romney is correct in pointing out an imbalance . But it is an overstatement to say that "  all of the increase " has been on private lands -- since , by definition , new permits and licenses have been granted for federal lands  bringing in more gas and oil  . Romney 's claim that Obama 's administration has "  cut the number of permits and licenses in half " for federal lands is also not on the mark . True , there has been a significant drop -- one tied , in part , to the unprecedented Deepwater Horizon oil spill . Yet the actual numbers of permits and licenses have n't been "  cut ... in half . " As mentioned above  and including data from part of the Bush administration  , there has been a 42 % decrease in leases and 37 % decrease in drilling permits -- not 50 % , as Romney implied . Even the Institute for Energy Research acknowledged that "  this decrease is n't a result of President Obama 's policies exclusively , but it is the result of decades and policies that have systematically reduced energy production on federal lands . " Fact Check : Is Donald Trump a small business ? Fact Check : Job creation versus unemployment Fact Check : Green energy Fact Check : Seniors ' drug prices CNN 's Lindsey Knight and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Oil and natural gas production did rise in the past four years , much of it on private land Romney : The whole rise in U.S. gas and oil production "  happened on private land " Romney : Obama "  cut the number of permits and licenses in half " -- which is n't quite true
CNN  Every morning , my children have to enter their preparatory school in London through a door that is inches thick . They and tens of thousands of other Jewish children across the continent have to pass by police officers with armed assault rifles and high walls laced with barbed wire . Even if there 's the suspicion of an impending attack , classes can be canceled and people are told to stay away from noticeably Jewish institutions . After the recent attacks in Paris , the Grand Synagogue was closed for Sabbath services for the first time since the end of the Holocaust . Indeed , the situation has become so dire that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called on Jews in Europe to emigrate to Israel . While I understand this sentiment is coming from a place of concern , European Jews should not leave out of fear and should push their leaders to defeat anti-Semitism and radical Islamist terrorism . That said , none of this is surprising . After all , we 've recently witnessed murderous terrorist attacks on the Jewish communities of Copenhagen , Denmark , and Paris , attacks that have shaken an already fearful community to its core . Each attack adds to the feelings of insecurity among European Jews and adds more levels of necessary security . As a result of the intensified wave of anti-Semitism and Islamist terrorism , Jews in Europe are eschewing Jewish identifying symbols and are afraid to attend prayers and to send their children to their Jewish schools . This has led to an unprecedented desire to leave their home countries and flee to greater freedom and security . But seeing schools doubling as high-security facilities sends a message to our children -- who are the next generation of European Jewry -- that their lives are in constant danger . Of course , it is understandable and natural that the authorities choose to take heightened security measures to prevent further loss of life . But the fight must be taken to the perpetrators rather than allowing it to infringe further upon the everyday lives of the victims . If , in the words of European leaders , they would like the Jews of Europe to stay and not to emigrate , then they must find a way to return a semblance of normalcy to the everyday lives of Jews across the continent . How ? To defeat this bloody and belligerent strain of terrorism and the specter of radical Islamism and Jew-hatred , European authorities must be more proactive in hunting down terrorists before they act and not grant them a victory by further imposing restrictions on Europe 's Jews . The threat is not country specific , so the response must be found in Europe as a union . European nations need to immediately and urgently come together to form a pan-European authority to deal with anti-Semitism and this new form of homegrown radical Islamist terrorism , with significant resources tasked with finding concrete practical solutions . The first step that has to be taken is to bolster and improve intelligence-gathering and sharing across Europe . The current system is neither efficient nor vigilant enough . Many of the perpetrators of the recent massacres of Jews were well-known to the police . Many crossed borders , seemingly with little trouble , before and after they committed their bloody acts . Police and law enforcement also need to be strengthened . This includes actively enforcing laws against incitement and anti-Semitic speech and taking a firmer approach against those who promote hate and violence . Enforcement authorities must enter and act within largely Muslim areas where police might ordinarily be reluctant to enter . Additionally , new legislation to combat radical Islamist terrorism and anti-Semitism must be passed . The reality is that Europe is dealing with a new threat using an infrastructure that was not built to deal with homegrown terrorists who run freely in Europe and kill people seemingly at will . In short , European authorities have to change the current mode of action and move from a paradigm of almost pure defense onto the attack . Our continent has known in the past how to deal with threats to our way of life , and as in the past , the best chance of victory is to be found in a continentwide unity of purpose . Any weakness in a European-wide response to this new threat -- not just to Jews , but also to the very essence that our union was built upon , like freedom of thought and speech -- will be exploited by the terrorists and their supporters . There are probably dozens of attacks at various stages of planning taking place in towns and cities across Europe . It is not enough just to increase security at any possible target , because this policy alone is not working and can not be a long term answer . It is time Europe went on the offensive .	Moshe Kantor : Threat of extremism and anti-Semitism is not country specific Police and law enforcement also need to be strengthened across Europe , he says
