CNN  -- Kimi Raikkonen is not a driver to get unduly excited . So It is no surprise that Formula One 's "  Iceman " is playing down the significance of his Lotus leading the timesheets in practice ahead of Sunday 's Malaysian Grand Prix . It continues what has been a promising start to the season for the Finn , who took the checkered flag at last weekend 's season opener in Australia . The Circuit : CNN 's look at the Malaysian GP "  Look at this place : it is hot , it is humid and the track is completely different , " the 2007 world champion told Formula One 's official website as he downplayed his achievements in practice . "  On top of this we could see rain at any point of the race , so how should I know what is happening on Sunday afternoon ? "  The only thing that I can say right here , right now is that the car is good , that the team is working fantastically and that I want to keep the lead in the drivers ' standings . Let 's see where these factors will bring us in the race . "  At the moment I would say that it is trial and error for all of us , and the more you are able to try , the more you have the chance to eliminate any errors . It looked good for us this afternoon , but it is Friday so it does n't mean much . " Close behind Raikkonen was reigning triple world champion Sebastian Vettel , on a day which saw dry conditions in the morning and rain in the afternoon . The Red Bull driver recently spoke of his respect for Raikkonen , who denied that his new found pace would affect their off-track relationship . "  Seb is for me an honest guy -- and , yes , we get along very well , " explained Raikkonen . "  What happens on the track and life outside the cockpit are two completely different pairs of shoes . "  We are both professionals who can separate one from the other . I always wonder what people are expecting us to do ? That we are running with a knife through the paddock seeking revenge after a race incident , or what ? " Tyre degradation Vettel , who finished third in the first race of the season , admitted improvements are needed for the Red Bull car ahead of qualifying on Saturday . "  This afternoon we could n't do so much due to the weather , but this morning it looked OK , although the tyres do n't last very long ! " the 25-year-old German said . "  We need to try a couple of things now overnight to improve and take a step forward . " Double world champion Fernando Alonso was fourth fastest , edged out by his Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa who went third fastest at the Sepang International Circuit . Spain 's Alonso won this race last year and he will be looking for the fourth victory of his career in Malaysia . "  Today , the car worked well in all conditions and that is very good news for us , " explained Alonso . "  Now we must see how tomorrow goes , when it could rain at any moment and on a track where tyre degradation is much higher than in Melbourne . " Lewis Hamilton was ninth fastest as he continues his integration into the Mercedes team following his switch from McLaren . "  We made some positive steps with the set-up over the two sessions today , " explained the 2008 drivers ' champion . "  I had a good long run in the dry which has given us a lot of information to look at tonight . "  We did n't learn too much in the wet this afternoon however as the conditions were quite mixed when I went out . We focused mainly on longer runs today so I have n't done a quick lap yet on either set of tyres ; that will come tomorrow . "  I 'm happy with the direction that we 're going and let 's see what the weekend brings . "	Kimi Raikkonen sets fastest lap in practice ahead of Malaysian Grand Prix The Lotus driver won last weekend 's season-opening race in Australia Triple world champion Sebastian Vettel second fastest behind Raikkonen Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso fourth fastest , with Lewis Hamilton ninth
CNN  -- An investigative judge has placed former French President Nicolas Sarkozy under formal investigation for breach of trust , accusing him of taking advantage of elderly L'Oreal cosmetic heiress Liliane Bettencourt to help fund his 2007 campaign , Sarkozy 's attorney said , according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV . The former president was summoned to appear at Judge Jean-Michel Gentil 's office in Bordeaux on Thursday in a case in which he is suspected of accepting illegal contributions from Bettencourt and her staff , BFM-TV said . His lawyer , Thierry Herzog , said that he intends to appeal the ruling , according to BFM-TV . The Bettencourt scandal has fascinated France since questions about the finances of France 's richest woman emerged in 2011 amid a family feud . Although formal , the investigation of Sarkozy , 58 , is considered preliminary , and could lead to trial or may go no further . The son of a Hungarian refugee father and French mother , Sarkozy was 28 when he became mayor of Neuilly , a Paris suburb . He left that post in 2002 to serve as interior minister and then finance minister under President Jacques Chirac .  Chirac was convicted in 2011 on corruption charges tied to his time as Paris mayor . Ten days after his runoff election win , Sarkozy became president in 2007 . He served in that capacity for the next five years , garnering praise for his work on foreign policy issues and criticism for his handling of domestic issues as France 's economy sputtered and unemployment rate hovered at about 10 % . In May 2012 , Francois Hollande beat Sarkozy in his bid to win a second term as president . And just over two months later -- one day after he and his family were set to head off to Canada for a vacation -- police raided his home and office as part of their investigation into possible illegal campaign financing , according to Herzog . "  It 's not a surprise , " Christian Mallard , a senior foreign analyst for France Television , said at the time . After losing his re-election bid , Sarkozy "  was going to lose his diplomatic immunity , " opening him up to potential prosecution . In fact , the probe appeared well under way by then . In September -- when Sarkozy was still president -- three investigators engaged in an hourlong search of his political party headquarters , seeking documents linking his campaign to the alleged political contributions from Bettencourt . Judge Jean-Michel Gentil questioned the former French leader in November for 12 hours concerning evidence given by Bettencourt 's former accountant , Claire Thibout , BFM-TV reported . Afterward , authorities said they 'd decided not to pursue a formal investigation of Sarkozy , but rather to treat him as what officials call a "  witness-under-caution . " The phrase is a technical term that essentially allows a French magistrate to continue to call the ex-president to the witness stand . At the same time , it did n't close the door to Sarkozy facing criminal charges stemming from allegedly illicit campaign donations .	Nicolas Sarkozy served as France 's president between 2007 and 2012 Two months after he left that post , authorities raided his home and office An investigative judge has placed him under formal investigation for breach of trust , his attorney says Sarkozy is accused of taking advantage of an elderly L'Oreal heiress to fund a campaign
CNN  -- Mexico 's foreign minister says he 's summoning the U.S. Ambassador following fresh reports of spying . "  Shared security and responsibility between respectful neighbors can not be constructed by violating the law and violating trust , " Mexican Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade said Tuesday . "  Mexico is convinced that the practice of espionage committed constitute a violation of norms , an abuse of the trust built between partnering countries and does not honor the historic friendship between our nations , " he added . Speaking in Geneva , Meade said he would summon U.S. Ambassador Anthony Wayne upon his return to Mexico . His comments come days after Germany 's Der Spiegel news magazine published allegations that the U.S. National Security Agency "  systematically " eavesdropped on the Mexican government and hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon . Der Spiegel named former NSA contractor Edward Snowden as the source of its information . On Sunday , Mexico 's government said such spying would be unacceptable , illegitimate and against the law . Meade demanded a swift investigation , noting that U.S. President Barack Obama had vowed to investigate when earlier allegations of spying surfaced in September . "  Mexico finally reiterates its confidence in the conviction of President Obama that international law is not an empty promise , " Meade said . "  We are sure that the promise of an investigation made with Mexico is not either . " Mexico will also conduct its own investigation , Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong told reporters . The new allegations drew a sharp response from Calderon in a series of Twitter posts on Monday . "  More than personal , it is an assault on the institutions of the country , given that it was done when I was the president , " Calderon said . "  I will be following the steps the Foreign Ministry takes to demand explanations from the United States and the corresponding account of responsibility . " A senior U.S. State Department official told CNN the Mexican government reached out about the report and that the two governments will be discussing it via diplomatic channels . The NSA said it would not "  comment publicly on every specific alleged intelligence activity , and as a matter of policy we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . U.S. spy chief says reports of NSA logging French phone calls are false "  As the President said in his speech at the U.N. General Assembly , we 've begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share , " the agency added . The statements were the latest sign of international fallout over apparent Snowden leaks . Mexico summoned Wayne in September after a report alleging the U.S. government had spied on Mexican President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto during last year 's presidential campaign . Separately , the United States and Brazil agreed in September to postpone Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff 's state visit to Washington over reports the United States spied on her communications . That case of alleged NSA surveillance was also linked to apparent Snowden leaks . And on Monday , the U.S. ambassador to France met with French diplomats over allegations the NSA intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in the European nation over a 30-day period . Those allegations were reported by France 's Le Monde newspaper , citing documents leaked by Snowden . Snowden has admitted to leaking documents about U.S. surveillance programs and faces charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States . He is living in Russia after receiving asylum . CNN has not independently verified the reports citing leaked documents by Snowden . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Mexico calls reported U.S. spying an abuse of trust Mexico 's foreign minister demands swift investigation His comments follow Der Spiegel report on fresh allegations of U.S. spying It 's the latest sign of international fallout over documents leaked by Edward Snowden
CNN  -- Arizona reported its fourth death from the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , health officials said Wednesday . The H1N1 strain is relatively mild , but it 's being closely watched for mutations that might become severe . The victim was the second child in the Pima County area to die of flu complications , health officials said . The age of child who died Wednesday was not released , but the patient 's health was "  medically compromised . " Earlier , officials in Cook County , Illinois , recorded their second death from H1N1 . The latest victim , from suburban Chicago , died within the past couple of days and had "  significant underlying medical conditions , " said spokeswoman Kelly Jakubek . The first fatality occurred in a Chicago resident over the weekend . That victim also had underlying medical conditions , Jakubek said . Citing family privacy , she would not reveal the victims ' ages or genders . By late Wednesday , the most-recent deaths in Arizona and Illinois had not been included in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's official tally of 11 U.S. deaths from the disease . They are in Arizona  three  , Missouri  one  , New York  two  , Texas  three  , Utah  one  and Washington  one  . Nor did the CDC 's count include two more deaths reported by the New York City Department of Health and Hygiene . The World Health Organization has counted 14,557 cases of H1N1 -- 96 of them fatal -- in 48 countries . Seasonal flu typically kills 36,000 Americans in any given year , though such cases usually have tapered off by this time of year , according to the CDC . Though the H1N1 strain is considered relatively mild , public health officials have been scrutinizing its spread since it was first identified in April in Mexico because they are concerned it could mutate and become more severe .	Arizona reports its fourth death linked to H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu Officials in Cook County , Illinois , report their second flu death Latest two deaths not in CDC 's official tally of 11 swine-flu deaths in U.S. World Health Organization has counted 14,557 cases of H1N1 -- 96 of them fatal
CNN  -- Mention Morocco and most would first think of the exotic markets of Marrakech , the desert dotted with ancient kasbahs and , of course , the classic 1942 wartime film "  Casablanca . " But Casablanca , the main port city of Morocco , is among the places being tipped by experts as emerging future global financial centers . As the gateway between Europe and Africa , Casablanca aims to take advantage of its geographical position and also act as a hub for North , West and Central Africa , said Hicham Zegrary , director of operations and institutional affairs at the Casablanca Finance City Authority  CFCA  . The CFCA is working hard to position Casablanca as an international financial center , he said , by building its technology infrastructure and improving the legal environment in which business is done . Zegrary added that due to Morocco 's many partners throughout Europe , North America and Asia , for investors "  it is easier to do business with African countries from Morocco . " Since its inception four years ago , the CFCA says it has attracted over 50 companies including BNP Paribas , AIG , Clifford Chance , Silk Invest and Boston Consulting Group to name a few . While Casablanca 's ranking is still relatively low overall  62 out of 83  in a recent Global Financial Center Index report , it 's significant that it debuted on the list and it signals a larger growth in the region . What 's more , GFCI asked international financial services professionals which cities they believed will likely become more significant in the next few years : Casablanca was the name that came up most . "  They 're putting a lot of work into it there , " said Mark Yeandle , associate director of Z/Yen Group , the company who published the GFCI report earlier this year on global financial centers . "  They have a sensible budget and a good team , " he added . Casablanca is building its infrastructure and rebranding itself as a hub for financial services needed in Morocco , Tunis , and even further away in Lagos , Nigeria . "  It  Casablanca  will be as good as any , " said Yeandle . Another newcomer and fairly unknown city is Busan , South Korea , which has traditionally operated in Seoul 's shadow . It ranks 27th on the GFCI report , just behind number 26 Qatar . But it ranks second only to Casablanca as a place tipped by finance professionals as likely become more significant . Busan has the fifth busiest port in the world , not to mention the largest department store in the world , despite the fact that many people have never even heard of it . "  Busan are putting a great deal of money and promotional activity behind their growth as a financial center , " said Yeandle . "  They are building a dedicated area for the center and are publicizing their focus on maritime finance and derivatives trading . " Read this : How to start your own currency For different reasons , another Asian future contender is Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . While operating relatively quietly in comparison to its southern neighbor Singapore , what sets Kuala Lumpur apart from others , says Saif Malik , managing director and head of corporate and institutional clients for Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia , is that it 's quickly becoming a leading financial center for Islamic banking , which operates with a different set of rules to traditional banking . "  There is clearly a plan , " said Malik . "  It 's not an overnight journey , but the Malaysians have realized to compete with Singapore and other long-established financial centers , they have the niche in Islamic banking . " Islamic finance has seen recent growth two to three times faster than conventional banks , according to Ernst and Young in its World Islamic Banking Competitiveness Report . The global financial crisis and strong economic growth in countries with a large Muslim population are both reasons for such progress . Unlike neighboring Jakarta , Indonesia , Kuala Lumpur stands out as having a more stable political and economic environment . Malik says the Malaysian government has made great efforts to attract a skilled workforce while at the same time working in a trusted legal environment originating from the British legal system . In the 10 years to 2015 , it is projected that the Malaysian banking industry will have an annual growth rate of approximately 9 % , said Malik , and the government has stepped up with various initiatives to promote foreign direct investments into the country , including the InvestKL program which aims to attract talent and build Kuala Lumpur into a global city . While the Middle East continues to grow , particularly Qatar and Dubai , so do cities in China , especially if mainland China 's ongoing currency issues around the Renminbi become open and transparent , said Yeandle . "  The wealth there has to go somewhere . It 's almost inevitable , " he said , mentioning Shenzhen , Dalian , Shanghai and Beijing , as current and future financial hubs . In Latin America , massive growth is happening too , according to the GFCI report . Buenos Aires , Argentina , takes the clear lead , jumping 21 places to become 25th on the list despite the economic and political uncertainty in the country . Yeandle says that though Buenos Aires is unpredictable , "  the long-term trend will probably be upward . " While the same ca n't be said for many continental European cities . Rome , for example , saw the biggest drop on the GFCI list , falling 19 places to number 54 . Paris , Milan , Madrid and Athens , have all seen enormous dips in their rankings since the decline of the Eurozone . Luxembourg , however , is holding strong and tipped to grow due to more lenient tax schemes attractive to companies , said Yeandle , and Zurich continues its reign as a financial hub thanks to its independence from the Eurozone . But one point overall , says Yeandle , despite any newcomers on the rise , there are certain ingredients which make cities successful in the rankings and will continue to do so . "  If you look at the  current  top four  New York , London , Hong Kong and Singapore  , they are all very cosmopolitan , welcoming to foreigners , they attract talented expats and they are successful cities and attractive cities , " he said . Perhaps a note for all cities hoping to climb in the ranks of future financial hubs : "  You have to be a successful city in order to be a successful financial center , " said Yeandle . Read this : How to start your own currency	Experts tip cities including Casablanca and Busan as emerging financial hubs The current growth in Asia means there is massive opportunity there Europe struggles while South America and the Middle East bounce ahead
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sim Van der Ryn has been a leader in sustainable architecture for over 40 years . As well as creating a portfolio of inspiring green designs -- notably the 1977 Bateson Building in Sacramento -- he is also a teacher and an author . His most recent book "  Design for Life " traces his ancestral and ecological design roots . Principal Voices talked to Van der Ryn about the passion which continues to consume his life . Sim Van der Ryn has dedicated his working life to integrating nature 's principals into his designs . CNN : What inspired you to become an architect ? Sim Van der Ryn : Probably was when I was 14 , I worked out on a farm helping a handyman build a Cape Cod cottage from a set of ten dollar magazine plans . I just thought the whole process of translating from a two-dimensional set of drawings to a three-dimensional reality was exciting . CNN : At that time , was there anything that you were interested in pursuing ? SVdR : Let 's see . I had a tendency towards art -- painting , drawing and sculpture . But my parents were really practical and told me that was n't a suitable profession ! CNN : Was ecological architecture always something you wanted to pursue ? SVdR : My first interest was really in what we called Post-Occupancy Evaluation  POE  . I was interested in the social side of architecture , because it seemed to me that you read architectural criticism and , you know , there was no criteria other than subjective , especially when you consider how a building works for people . I helped found POE which never really went very far . Later on I was the Chief Architect for the State of California and I had money to do that -LSB- POE -RSB- but none of my client agencies wanted to do that . CNN : What is/was POE ? SVdR : There is an international association called the Environmental Design Research Association which kind of grew out of POE . I started it together with this English woman called Clare Cooper Marcus who was teaching at Berkeley -LSB- University of California -RSB- . She did an evaluation of public housing projects . And at the same time a fellow called Oscar Newman wrote a book called "  Defensible Space " , which was an attack on what was then the standard -- Corbu -LSB- Le Corbusier -RSB- , high rise public housing -- which turned out to actually dynamite a number of projects in this country -- in Chicago , St Louis . CNN : When you were starting out who did you look up to in the architectural world ? SVdR : The biggest influence on me was Buckminster Fuller who was a peripatetic character who would show up at schools . He really provided a larger vision that was far more than just designing a building . And that for me was the kind of Satori moment -- learning from him that the issue was much larger than the building . I never forgot that . He was thinking in "  whole systems " terms and I have been ever since . And then my work was always involved in socially orientated architecture -- when we still cared about that in this country . I worked on migrant farm labor housing , I built a lot of prefab systems based on Fuller 's work . I was a refugee from Holland and as I say in my book -LSB- Design for Life -RSB- I found who I was just kind of being in the leftover pieces of nature that were in New York city -- during the war construction stopped . So that was a huge influence in shaping my life . I lived in New York but I left as soon as I could . I really not much of an urbanist . I believe in cities , but basically , my work is n't very urban . I like to build in places where nature is . CNN : After the 1973 oil crisis did you notice a change in mood ? Was n't there more of a push towards sustainable architecture during that period ? SVdR : No , that was n't really true of most places . I was fortunate to hook up with Jerry Brown . He liked the outsiders . His great genius , when he was Governor -LSB- of California -RSB- , was bringing all these outsiders to run these agencies that had always been run by insiders . That was a great gift . The oil embargo of 1973 did wake some people up . -LSB- President -RSB- Carter got it but was n't able to sell it . We did have some federal initiatives and in California we have some very strong state initiatives that I 'm proud to say that I had a role in creating . That did make a huge difference . But then of course Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980 and we just went to sleep for the next twenty-eight years . CNN : Of all the buildings you 've created , do you have a favorite ? SVdR : Some of them are very process related . The early work where I had this class in 1971 and we built this little village out of reclaimed materials . That was a huge huge learning experience and that was a kind of a rehearsal for then doing this Farallones Institute -- Integral Urban House at Berkeley -- which Fine Homebuilding magazine called "  the birth of green " , which was a nice thing to say because it was n't particularly pretty ! We were just fooling around , figuring stuff out . So those are some of the process/learning projects . Of that early period I think the Bateson Building has held up really well for 30 years . It created quite a bit of change and awareness in the building and architectural community . The fact that you could reduce energy consumption not just by 40 percent -- which was mandated by the laws we passed -- but by 80 percent . That 's a landmark favorite for me . Of a recent one , I would say the Kirsch Center -LSB- for Environmental Studies -RSB- . Another is the Solar Living Center in Hopland . I talk about second generation ecological design where we have a much higher level of integration . A lot of the first experiments were just trying to maximize one thing like the sun and then the more we learned we realized we could integrate everything . In terms of experimentation , craftsmanship and beauty the Klein house -LSB- more commonly known as The Guitar House -RSB- is a kind of favorite . We worked on it for five or six years . I think of it as an experimental project because it 's crazy in terms of four people living in that much space , but just in terms of an exercise and working with new materials like rammed earth it is quite beautiful . CNN : Are you still teaching ? SVdR : No , I have no formal associations with an institution . That part of my life is over . CNN : But students must contact you all the time wanting advice though . What do you tell them ? SVdR : Well , I have an association with down in Arizona called the Eco-Institute . I go there once or twice a year . It 's good because it 's a community -- 15-20 students -- who work on real projects . I tell them to go there . CNN : What 's your view on architecture education being taught now ? SVdR : I think that architectural education is pretty broken in terms of what we need to be dealing with today . They may have a few courses on sustainability , one or two people on a faculty in a large school who care about this stuff , but they are marginalized . CNN : Who , out of the current crop of big name architects , do you admire ? SVdR : Of the British , Norman Foster ... CNN : Richard Rogers ? SVdR : And Rogers . I think they 're both really good most of the time . I like Frank Gehry because I think he 's a real person . He 's made huge breakthroughs in terms of using computers to design complex surfaces . CNN : Calatrava ? SVdR : Incredible . Maybe more as an engineer than an architect . I like the people who are organic and he 's actually very organic particularly as an engineer . The architecture maybe a little less so . He did this bridge -LSB- Sundial Bridge -RSB- up in northern California . I think his bridges are remarkable . People like Cameron Sinclair , I really admire what he is doing . If I were 40 years younger I 'd be doing that . And also Ken Yeang . I think he 's good because of anyone doing larger buildings he 's one of the ecological pioneers who 's really thinking about them in a climatic sense . There are a lot of good architects who do n't ever get a lot of attention . But , you know , architecture still operates with this fountainhead mystique which is such garbage . CNN : How do your methods of engagement with a project differ from the "  normal " processes an architect would go through ? SVdR : I focus a lot on process and on collaboration . We do n't try and sell anybody anything . I spend more time interviewing clients than I do trying to sell them something . I 'm not sure what the normal architectural process is , but currently it 's bureaucratic . It 's all governed by metrics . What it seldom gets at is ; what are your aspirations ? What are you trying to do ? The real questions do n't get answered very much . Now we have LEED and that 's become the new excuse not to think . And it 's not that it is bad . It is an incremental improvement but given what 's happening on the planet right now it 's not enough . And the sad thing is that we 've wasted 30 years . We 're gon na pay big time for that . Maybe we can play catch up but it 's going to take a huge shift .	Pioneer of sustainable architecture Sim Van der Ryn talks to CNN about his work The Bateson Building in Sacramento still regarded as an a icon of ecological design Former Chief Architect for California worried that LEED regulations are n't enough
When the Affordable Care Act , signed into law in 2010 , is fully implemented , many of the disparities that have plagued the nation 's health care system will significantly lessen . Even so , ensuring that all Americans have adequate access to health care remains a major issue in the election campaign , and may prove to be far from a settled matter . This is because both President Obama and Mitt Romney agree that insurance is unaffordable for many families and small businesses , but they differ on solutions . If Mitt Romney is elected , he has said he would repeal the act . This would likely mean that adequate health care would remain unavailable to many , particularly minorities . Nearly half of Americans are insured through their jobs . This includes members of Congress , who enjoy great health plans with low premium payments . For everyone else without such coverage , whether to purchase health insurance is not a black and white decision . Rather , it 's a black and white difference . Broken down by race , the disparity is even more startling . About half of whites are covered through an employer-sponsored health plan , in contrast to the rate for African-Americans  38 %  and Hispanics  28 %  . Why ? Many minorities have lower-paying jobs that do not offer health insurance , and because of the high cost of self-insuring , they choose not to purchase coverage . This leaves one out of every three Hispanics and one out of every five African-Americans without insurance . Politics : 2012 ballot initiatives -- Voter-run or special interest-hijacked ? Of course , the uninsured can access the emergency room for care , as Romney has argued . We know that people without insurance use emergency departments much more frequently , and for less urgent issues , than those with health insurance . Yet the reality is that low-income communities and those with higher minority populations have more hospital closures in their area compared with higher-income communities . As a result , access to emergency rooms for many minorities can be problematic , because they have to commute longer distances to reach the hospital . As emergency physicians at one of the largest public hospitals in the country , we see firsthand how the lack of insurance and then access to a regular health care provider affects our patients , from the middle-aged black man with a stroke from uncontrolled and undiagnosed high blood pressure to the young black woman with breast cancer who chose to use her money to feed her children rather than seek health care . Uninsured patients with diabetes and high blood pressure generally have more complications from these chronic illnesses than insured patients , resulting in prolonged hospital stays . Without an overhaul of our health care system , we will continue to see disproportionately more preventable deaths and disabilities among the uninsured minority population . Health : Report compares Obama , Romney health care plans A national survey found that African-Americans and Hispanics were more likely than whites to lack a regular provider , regardless of insurance status , and that the disparity was even worse without insurance . A specific example of how this disparity plays out is with breast cancer . Black women are more likely to be diagnosed with larger , more aggressive tumors . Moreover , uninsured women are four times more likely to have widespread cancer compared with those with private insurance . To be sure , if everyone had some sort of health insurance , many of these disparities would be reduced . A recent study in the New England Journal of Medicine reported that Medicaid expansions were associated with a reduction in mortality in older adults , nonwhites and residents of poorer counties . However , half of physicians in a national poll said they had stopped accepting or were limiting the number of Medicaid beneficiaries they will see because of low reimbursement payments . Currently , 27 % of blacks and Hispanics are Medicaid recipients , compared with approximately 11 % of whites . A concerted and drastic improvement is needed in both access to care and adequate insurance coverage for all . Fact-checking candidates on key issues We must ensure that everyone in the United States has the same opportunity to receive the health care they need . As the Affordable Care Act is implemented , greater health care coverage and access to health care will be cost effective over the long term . If it is repealed , we will see increased rates of illnesses and added expenses , particularly in underserved populations . A healthy nation is a productive nation .	Houry , Heron : If Romney wins , ends health reform , minorities especially affected They say people of color are a third of U.S. population , account for nearly half of uninsured They say more in low-paying jobs that do n't offer insurance ; tend to delay care due to cost Writers : If reform repealed , there will be more illness , expense . A healthy nation prospers
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The man who police say dressed as Santa Claus and killed nine people at a Christmas Eve party may have also had plans to kill his mother and his former wife 's divorce attorney , police said Monday night . Bruce Jeffrey Pardo went on a shooting rampage in a Los Angeles suburb on Wednesday , police say . Prime suspect Bruce Jeffrey Pardo , who police said committed suicide hours after he went on a shooting rampage and started a raging house fire in the Los Angeles suburb of Covina , left a rental car with a gasoline canister outside the home of attorney Scott Nord , said Pat Buchanan of the Covina Police Department . Police previously said that Pardo targeted his rampage at his former wife , Sylvia Ortega Pardo , and her family at the family 's Christmas Eve party . A divorce between the two was finalized in court on December 18 in a "  somewhat contentious proceeding , " Covina Police Chief Kim Raney said last week . Police believe Pardo planned to carry out a similar attack at Nord 's house as he did at the shooting and house fire that claimed nine lives . Another rented car that Pardo used to flee the scene was found booby-trapped after the shooting , police said . That car burned as the Covina bomb squad was trying to disconnect an explosive device in it , police said . On Saturday , Covina police released the names of the nine people unaccounted for since the shooting and fire . Nine bodies were recovered from the rubble of the house , but authorities said that they are having to work with dental records to establish identities . "  The bodies were so badly burned they can not be identified any other way , " said Covina police Lt. Pat Buchanan . The nine unaccounted for include Sylvia Pardo , her parents , her sister , her two brothers , both brothers ' wives , and a nephew . Ages of the nine range from 17 to 80 , police said . On Monday night , police said Pardo 's mother had also planned to attend the Christmas party , but did n't go because she was sick . Pardo had a contentious relationship with his mother , according to Buchanan , because she attended the couple 's divorce hearing and had sided with Pardo 's ex-wife . The shooting and fire left 10 children orphaned and three others lost one parent . An "  Ortega Family Fund " has been set up at Nord 's law offices .	Police say Bruce Jeffrey Pardo had hit list after divorce proceedings were final Original target was Pardo 's ex-wife , police say , but attorney , mom also targets Shooting and fire left 10 children orphaned and three others lost one parent
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The legal battle being fought by former Egypt president Hosni Mubarak under charges including being complicit in the killing of protestors will sustain a climate of uncertainty for the country 's president Mohamed Morsy . The Middle East 's most populous country is struggling to stabilize 27 months after the uprising that toppled Mubarak . The economic squeeze is on . Unemployment and the budget deficit are in the double digits . In this climate , it is nearly impossible for the relatively new president to sign on to cuts in fuel and food subsidies called for in International Monetary Fund negotiations over a bailout . Those negotiations have lasted nearly a year and the two parties put out a joint statement after talks during the IMF-World Bank spring meetings this weekend . "  The authorities are firmly committed to addressing Egypt 's economic and financial challenges with the objective of restoring sustained and socially-balanced growth , and they are already taking encouraging actions in this direction , " they said , after bi-lateral discussions . But one could read that as holding tactic , allowing the Morsy administration to buy more time . Cairo has some breathing room thanks to a cash injection by Qatar , which recently signed over $ 3 billion in emergency funding . Other money from the oil rich Gulf States have been either pledged or delivered by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Foreign investors like to tick boxes on their check list when sizing up opportunities or measuring risks . That list usually includes : A consistent legal system ; rule of law covering foreign investment , ample foreign exchange reserves and a stable currency ; a sizable market with better than average economic growth . Egypt has one tick : It 's a big market with nearly 90 million consumers . Other items on the list , which both investors and ratings agencies want , are not in place . After three decades as an underground opposition movement under the banner of the Muslim Brotherhood , the Freedom and Justice party is finding it difficult to govern . CNN iReport : ` Oceans of garbage ' The army commander of armed forces Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has suggested the country 's instability could collapse the state . President Morsy then suggested this may eventually require the implementation of extraordinary measures to maintain control . During a recent interview in Abu Dhabi , opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Mohamed ElBaradei told me : "  Everybody wants to protect the nation , not only Mr Morsy . " He then added : "  But the solution is not a military one , not a security one , it is a political one . " ElBaradei is urging a post-Apartheid type commission for reconciliation which would help "  unite political Islam with the rest of the country . " This , he believes , will help pave the way for economic stability . A month ago , when Moody 's cut Egypt sovereign credit rating for a sixth time , the agency said there was a 40 % chance of default in the next five years . Foreign reserves have tumbled over 60 % in two years and provide a financial cushion of just three months . That is where the IMF loan of $ 4.8 billion comes into play . If an agreement can be reached by June , as some are suggesting , then another $ 10 billion from the European Union and regional donors could be unlocked . In the meantime , uncertainty brought on by the court cases of the former president and the political challenges against the current one may well keep global investors at bay .	Egypt 's climate of uncertainty is making leadership difficult for president Mohamed Morsy Negotiations over a bailout from the IMF have already lasted a year , and are in a holding pattern Investors and ratings agencies want Egypt to deliver more stability , but the country is still struggling Charges against the former president and political challenges against Morsy are problematic
Editor 's note : Marian Salzman is chief marketing officer and a partner at Porter Novelli Worldwide and is co-author of "  The Future of Men " and "  Next Now . " She was named among the "  top five trendspotters " by VNU in 2004 and has been credited with popularizing the term "  metrosexuality . " She blogs at www.pnintelligentdialogue.com . See Salzman on American Morning and CNN.com Live Monday , December 29 . Marian Salzman says "  cuspers " are staking out a separate identity from the baby boomer generation . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rarely has there been a year when so many things went out of style in such a short time : not just investment bankers , gas-guzzling vehicles , corporate jets , conspicuous consumption and political polarization , but also a whole generation . After strutting and tub-thumping and preening their way across the high ground of politics , media , culture and finance for 30 years , baby boomers have gone from top dogs to scapegoats in barely a year . As baby boomers lose their authority and appeal , generational power is shifting one notch down : to cuspers  born roughly 1954-1965  , who arrived in style in 2008 with their first truly major figure , Barack Obama  born 1961  . George W. Bush , born in 1946 at the start of the postwar baby boom for which his generation is named , will leave office with the lowest approval ratings since Richard Nixon was president . As Thomas Friedman has written , Bush epitomizes what 's now seen as "  The Greediest Generation . " Who 's to blame for the economy going into serious decline ? The short and easy answer is greedy boomers . This is the generation that knew better than their cautious , fuddy-duddy parents , the generation that protested , that had ideals and marched to the beat of defiant music : "  Street Fighting Man , " "  We Want the World and We Want It Now , " "  Hope I Die Before I Get Old . " It 's the generation that pursued pleasure , proclaimed "  I can have it all " and refused to grow old -- "  50 is the new 30 , " etc. . And now , after years of taking credit for changing the world , baby boomers are taking the rap for the reversal of fortune that 's shaking the world . Whatever history may decide , today 's commentators and pundits of all ages have decided that boomers , the dominant cohort in many developed countries , are guilty . And whether they 're really to blame , what counts is that they look like they are . Their profile fits . Like a big-name Hollywood director who 's lived on the edge too long , caused one too many scandals and made one too many turkeys , suddenly the boomers are the generation no one wants to be associated with . Cuspers , the age cohort that have been living in the shadow of the boomers , now have even more reasons to stake out their own separate identity and values . It 's taken a long time for this rising demographic to be recognized as a distinct generation in its own right . They 've been called "  late boomers " because they missed the formative boomer experiences of the '60s , such as civil rights and anti-war protests . They 've been called tweeners or cuspers because they straddle the divide between Boomers and Gen X. American social commentator Jonathan Pontell has worked hard to establish their identity as Generation Jones . There 's still debate about whether cuspers are even a generation apart from boomers and where the generational boundaries lie . But those arguments miss the key point , which is that Americans want change . In Obama , they see the hopeful prospect of a new generation taking over . And in these dark days , they 're hoping against hope that his generation can usher in new , better values to guide the nation . His victory has been portrayed as the end of Vietnam War politics and the 1960s "  culture wars . " About half those Obama named to major posts in the new administration are also cuspers including the proposed energy czar , education secretary , treasury secretary and U.N. ambassador . Cuspers may have another poster child if Caroline Kennedy , born in 1957 , is named to the New York Senate seat that Hillary Clinton is expected to vacate . Obama himself has made clear he thinks in terms of generational difference . He has spoken of carrying on the work of the "  Moses generation " -- the Martin Luther King Jr. generation -- whose successors he has referred to as the "  Joshua generation . " His activists rallied under the banner of Generation Obama , and his campaign 's ability to mobilize the youth vote proved decisive in his victory . Whether we call them cuspers , Generation Jones or Generation Obama , there are enigmas and paradoxes within this generation and its fans . They respond to Biblical imagery , but they 're not dogmatic in their faith . They value traditional notions of family but see men and women as equals in parenting . They go back to older American values -- civility , community , responsibility -- yet keenly embrace technology and use the Internet naturally . In fact , embracing digital technology is one of the telling dividers between boomers and cuspers . It 's no coincidence that leading-edge Cuspers such as Bill Gates , Steve Jobs and Tim-Berners Lee , all born in 1955 , helped create the digital universe cuspers and younger generations now inhabit as a matter of course . It 's also telling that Gates and wife , Melinda , another cusper , are the parents of philanthro-capitalism . For marketers and brand specialists , cuspers are a fast-emerging challenger brand that 's fascinating to watch as it defines itself and attracts fans . Brand attributes once seen as disadvantages -- living in the shadow of boomers , a lack of major formative experiences , no "  heroic " narrative -- have turned out to be advantages as the boomer brand loses its sheen . The cusper brand can define itself by what it 's not : greedy , selfish , confrontational , hung up on past battles . The cusper generation is as much an ideal as it is a demographic group , and that appeal extends well beyond the birth years that define it . Watch out for tweets  messages on the Twitter platform  that proclaim "  Ich bin ein cusper . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Salzman .	Marian Salzman : For 30 years , baby boomers dominated politics , culture She says they 've earned the title of the "  greediest generation " Salzman says next generation of "  cuspers " is taking over with Obama The cuspers are different and unlikely to repeat boomers ' mistakes , she says
Mashable  -- Google announced on Wednesday that it is rolling out a significant redesign for its social networking platform Google + , which will allow users to create a more customized experience on the site . The company said it will introduce a variety of new features to the site in the next few days , from customizing apps and the navigation bar to more flexibility with profile pages and pictures . In addition , the update introduces a new Explore page that posts what 's interesting and trending across the site . Google also noted that the social network now boasts more than 170 million users since it 's 2011 launch . Google + will now offer profile pages that will include bigger photos , a la Facebook 's Timeline , and feature a chat list that puts friends front and center on your page . Another major update involves how users can navigate around the news stream . Instead of static icons at the top , there 's a ribbon of apps on the left . The ribbon allows users to drag apps up or down to create the order , hover over certain apps to reveal a set of quick actions and show or hide apps by moving them out of the section . "  Taken together , these powers make it easier to access your favorites , and to adjust your preferences over time , " Google senior vice president Vic Gundotra wrote on Google 's Official Blog . "  We 've also built the ribbon with the future in mind , giving us an obvious  and clutter-free  space for The Next Big Feature , and The Feature After That . So stay tuned . " A dedicated Hangouts page has also been added to the site , so people can have quick access to public and On Air video chat hangouts . This will allow Google + users to meet new people and watch live broadcasts , as well as enter new rooms via a rotating billboard of Hangouts . "  It 's still early days , and there 's plenty left to do , but we 're more excited than ever to build a seamless social experience , all across Google , " Gundotra said . What do you think of the redesign ? Do you think Google + will ever be able to compete with Facebook ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google says it will introduce a variety of new features to its social network in the next few days Google Plus boasts more than 170 million users since its June 2011 launch A dedicated Hangouts page has also been added to the site so people can have quick access
CNN  -- Authorities say Silk Road , the shadowy "  deep Web " site shut down by the FBI this week , was the Internet 's biggest destination for drugs and other illegal goods . It had nearly 1 million registered users , the bureau says , and was used for roughly $ 1.3 billion in transactions over the past two or so years . But shuttering Silk Road and arresting its owner wo n't be the end of the shadowy black market on the Web , where drugs are far from the only products that can be bought illegally . The so-called "  deep Web " consists of sites only accessible using tools like Tor , which includes a browser designed to hide the user 's identity by routing their activity through a series of remote connections . Many sites use intentionally cryptic web addresses -- Silk Road 's last was "  silkroadfb5piz3r.onion " -- that spread stealthily via word of mouth . Here is a look at just some of the illegal goods that have been documented as offered for sale on these underground sites .  We 're not linking to them , sorry . Drugs Maybe it should be no big surprise , but hours after Silk Road was shut down , Web users were flocking to online forums with one question : "  Where can I buy my drugs now ? " The answer ? Take your pick . Sites with names like Sheep Marketplace , Black Market Reloaded and Deep Bay were just some of the ones being mentioned as possibilities . Another , called Atlantis , had emerged earlier this year as a Silk Road competitor with an aggressive social-media campaign . In June , someone claiming to be the site 's owner even conducted an AMA  "  Ask Me Anything "  session on Reddit . "  We want to bring attention to the site and bring our vendors more buyers , " that person said during the session . "  Law enforcement is going to be aware of us  and probably already is  regardless of the way we choose to put our product out there . " Two weeks ago , Atlantis announced it was shutting down due to "  security reasons outside of our control . " Weapons Illegal guns can be found on similar sites , as can legal weapons by people who may not pass a background check or otherwise be allowed to buy them . Last year , Gizmodo reporter Sam Biddle spent some time on The Armory , an offshoot of Silk Road devoted to weaponry . As part of his reporting , he posed as someone arming a paramilitary group bent on "  taking on a 3rd world government organization . " The helpful responses poured in . "  I can provide : tec9 , scorpion , ak47 and one single vietnam war ` thumper ' , but its ammo costs , " read one , the final reference being to a grenade launcher . "  Absolutely , we can accommodate your request , but we need more parameters such as your exact arms needs and destination country , " read another . "  We only deal with small arms and equipment , but if you need artillery , MANPADS  Man-portable air-defense systems  , ordinance , APCs , Helos we do have resources and can make certain introductions for a fee . " About a month after the Gizmodo piece ran , Silk Road 's owner announced it was shutting down The Armory , citing high prices and lack of interest . Exotic animals The International Fund for Animal Welfare calls the illegal sale of wild animals online "  one of the major wildlife conservation challenges of our generation . " "  The rise of the Internet has revolutionized the way we exchange ideas , information and merchandise . ... " reads a report from the group . "  However , as a result , the Internet is also facilitating the illegal trade in wildlife , which is having a devastating effect on animals , ecosystems and the communities that rely on them worldwide . " The report , in which the group tracked activity on 183 websites , documented the sale of elephant ivory , birds of prey , tigers , large snakes and other rare or endangered creatures . The relative anonymity the Web provides , combined with a patchwork of laws from state to state and country to country , make policing animal trafficking a tough job , the group said . Fake documents Along with drugs , firearms and solicitations of hackers , Silk Road also had forged documents for sale , the FBI said . In July , the FBI says it intercepted nine false IDs bound for Ross William Ulbricht , who they say is "  Dread Pirate Roberts , " the man behind the site . "  Roberts " had been soliciting fake identification documents on Silk Road to use in buying more server space for the site . It should n't have been hard . A simple Google search for fake passports renders websites like FalsePassports.cc and IdentificationConsulting.com . Need a "  novelty " driver 's license ? Several sites offer those , and you can get a diploma and Social Security card while you 're at it . "  For your own personal use and amusement , " notes Global Intelligence ID Cards Solutions . Obviously .	Drugs are n't the only illegal items for sale online Black market sites use "  deep Web " tools like Tor to hide Guns , endangered animals , fake IDs all for sale Silk Road was shut down this week by the FBI
Abuja , Ni  CNN  -- At least 18 people were killed in a bombing at a U.N. building in the Nigerian capital of Abuja , a police spokesman said Friday . Police commission Michael Zuokumo told reporters eight people had been injured . Rescue officials are at the scene helping to pull people from the rubble . Bomb squad officers and other security teams were sent to the scene , deputy police spokesman Yemi Ajayi said . A representative for the National Hospital said there was a shortage of blood to use in surgery . Hospital staff and relatives of the injured are currently going to the blood bank to donate . The hospital has called in all doctors and nurses who were not working Friday to deal with the emergency , the spokeswoman said , as ambulances brought people in . A witness outside the building at the time of the attack told CNN she had seen a white SUV drive through the main gate of the compound quickly . She then heard two explosions in quick succession , the second one much larger and followed by the shattering of glass , before running to safety . Alessandra Vellucci at the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland confirmed that the "  U.N. premises in Abuja have been bombed " but was unable to give more details . The building is home to the main U.N missions operating in Nigeria and may have had as many as 400 people inside . Eyewitnesses in the U.N. building told CNN there was an explosion , then an internal wall fell on some people , causing several casualties . Abdulkadir said it appeared that a car bomb had gone off at the front of the building , causing a wall to cave in . He said the area was not very busy because it was a diplomatic district , with the Liberian and U.S.embassies nearby , but that there were people working there . A spokeswoman for the U.S. embassy in Abuja , Deborah MacLean , told CNN that there had been no damage to the embassy building , which is half a mile from the U.N building . Embassy personnel were initially told to be careful in case of further violence , she said . Zoran Jovanovic , head of mission for the International Red Cross in Abuja , said the explosion was heard at 10:15 a.m. local time . The U.N. building was in a large compound that had five gates , Jovanovic said , adding that the area was also home to western African embassies . It is not yet clear who was responsible for the attack . The Nigerian capital has seen a series of bombings recently . In June , a car blast killed at least five people at the police headquarters in the city . It detonated less than two minutes after the federal police chief entered the building , a security source said at the time . A month later , at least three people died in an explosion near a church outside the capital . The number of casualties could have been higher if services were still going on , according to a police spokesman . In October , at least 12 people died when car bombs exploded as the nation celebrated 50 years of independence . The attacks near the Justice Ministry injured about 50 . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta claimed responsibility for the October attack . MEND , an umbrella organization of several rebel groups , is battling the government for fairer distribution of oil wealth . Recent attacks , including on the church and police station , may have been the work of a radical Muslim sect , Boko Haram , the nation 's officials said this year . Boko Haram aims to enforce a strict version of Sharia law in the nation . Africa 's most populous nation is divided between a largely Christian south and a Muslim north . Journalist Alkasim Abdulkadir , and CNN 's Umaro Djau , Alkasim Abdulkadir , Christian Purefoy , Ben Brumfield , Stephanie Halasz , David Wilkinson and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 18 people are killed , officials say NEW : A witness says she heard two blasts in quick succession after a white SUV raced past Hospital officials say there are "  many dead " and many undergoing emergency surgery Nigeria has seen a series of bombings in recent months
CNN  -- My dad still uses an old flip phone . It 's gray . It 's clunky . And its two ringtone choices are an early recording of Greensleeves or a dramatic poetry slam by Grover Cleveland . But it works for him . And that 's all that matters . Besides , how proletarian could it possibly be when even the billionaire owner of the Dallas Cowboys , Jerry Jones , uses one ? The world sort of took notice of Jones ' phone last week at the Arizona State-Notre Dame football game which was , for recruiting and financial reasons , being played at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas . The venue is now known as AT&T Stadium . But you can call it the Flip Phone Dome . Because , at one point , Jones appeared on the game 's TV broadcast while talking on his flipper inside his luxury box . And that 's when the tweets started pouring out . ESPN anchor , Matt Barrie , wrote : Jerry Jones is worth over a billion dollars , but my man still uses a flip phone ... #BlessHisHeart And Cork Gaines , a sports writer for Business Insider , posted a screen grab from his TV . So , clearly , viewers were jarred by the sight of this very wealthy man using something many of us now look at as a museum piece . Mind you , this would be in the world 's crappiest museum . "  Excuse me , ma'am . No taking pictures of the RAZR . " What 's interesting about this is that it 's not like Jones ca n't afford a smart phone . He just chooses not to have one . And you kind of have to respect that . Jerry Jones . The billionaire hipster . But I still wonder why a man who , otherwise , seems so committed to technology has such an old-school mobile device . Remember , his football stadium holds one of the world 's largest , most advanced high-def video boards -- it stretches 160 feet wide and 72 feet high . If the stadium roof were open and you were standing on the moon with nothing else to do , you could watch Cowboys games . I would n't . But you could . After all of the outrage and amazement about his phone , Jones later went on the radio with 105.3 The Fan -LSB- KRLD-FM -RSB- and addressed the non-situation situation . "  I do n't know what to say other than I can guarantee AT&T is on the top of that flip phone , " he said . "  It works for me . I do n't have any butt-dialing with that thing . I know that . " He 's got a point . It 's been so long since I 've actually owned a flip phone that I 've really forgotten what the experience even feels like . Fortunately , though , I have n't had too many problems with butt-dialing . However , I 'd like to think mine would be rather pragmatic about his decisions to use the phone . "  Hey , it 's Jarrett 's ass . Can I swing by and borrow a cup of flour ? " He likes to cook . At this point , I do n't think I could ever go back . But there are definitely some strong arguments supporting the use of flip phones even though smartphone prices really are n't that bad these days . Right now , for example , an iPhone 5C starts at $ 99 . Which is fairly affordable . Of course , you 'll have to live with the fact that people will think your phone was a victim of some sort of horrible paint explosion . But if you can get past the fact that its color can not be found anywhere on the natural spectrum , you 'll be good to go . Until the battery dies . That might be a legitimate argument for flip phones . They do tend to last longer by virtue of the fact that they 're not trying to power a million different apps , all of which are keeping you from performing your duties at work . Hell , maybe that 's why Jerry Jones is so successful . He ca n't be bothered with all these distractions . Whereas , at this very moment , the following apps are currently running in the background of my iPhone : Messages , Safari , Facebook , Twitter , Clock , Evernote , USA Today Crossword , Reddit Pics , The Weather Channel , Instagram , Fox Sports , Clock , Camera , RSA SecurID , Tottenham Hotspur , Mail , Calendar , Remote , ESPN ScoreCenter , Key Ring , Google Maps , YouTube , MyRadar , and Settings . Currently running on Jones ' phone : Phone . Clearly , one of us is more distracted . And perhaps there 's a correlation between focus and wealth . Jones ' net worth : $ 3 billion . My net worth : A Diet Coke and some pineapple chunks . So , there 's that . Also , flip phones are arguably more durable . All the glass and major features are protected when you close them up . Whereas , with a smart phone , everything on the planet is basically a ball-peen hammer . Of course , water is the ultimate death blow to any phone . Which is kind of sad . Remember when pushing somebody in the pool was funny ? Now it 's a $ 200 investment . Anyway , I 'm sure there 's someone in your life who still uses a flip phone . So , share this with them and tell them it 's OK . One of the richest men in the world is on their team . Jerry Jones . The billionaire hipster . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Jerry Jones , owner of the Dallas Cowboys , was spotted using a flip phone Jones ' net worth is $ 3 billion Price is n't much of a factor , but there are still reasons to own a flip phone
CNN  Ricardo Medina , the former "  Power Ranger " arrested Sunday in the fatal stabbing of his roommate , has been released from custody while law enforcement investigates Joshua Sutter 's death . No charges have been filed against Medina , who police said stabbed Sutter in the abdomen with a sword , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said this weekend . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office has asked law enforcement to continue to investigate , spokesman Ricardo Santiago said . The two got into an argument in their Palmdale , California , home , Saturday that turned into a physical altercation , the department said . Police said Medina told them he stabbed Sutter after Sutter forced his way into Medina 's bedroom . Medina called 911 after the altercation and was interviewed by detectives . He was arrested and held on $ 1 million bail until Tuesday , according to online court records . Local media reported Sutter 's death Saturday , and TMZ was the first to identify Medina as the actor who played the Red Ranger in 2002 's "  Power Rangers Wild Force . " He also appeared in "  Power Rangers Samurai . " The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department confirmed to CNN that Medina was an actor who portrayed a Power Ranger . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NEW : Ricardo Medina released from custody after no charges filed in roommate 's death Medina appeared in "  Power Rangers Samurai " and "  Power Rangers Wild Force "
CNN  -- When an earthquake threatens to turn part of an ocean into fast-moving walls of water , tsunami warning scientists can do nothing for the first five minutes except wait for information . But within the next five minutes , they have to decide whether to issue a warning of danger . Brian Shiro has been a geophysicist at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center for four years . And you thought your job was high pressure . "  If we see a set of circumstances and it fits into our criteria for -LSB- the -RSB- event , we just follow that criteria because we do n't have much time to think . There is n't a lot of time for decision-making , " said Paul Whitmore , director of the West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center . "  Weighing back there -LSB- in your mind -RSB- also is the effect of your decision . If the effect of your decision is going to evacuate the entire West Coast waterfront , you do n't want to take that lightly , " he said . With Tuesday 's tragic tsunami that engulfed villages in Samoa and American Samoa , the pace of events was so frenetic that the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Ewa Beach , Hawaii -- which tracks earthquakes and tsunamis for countries throughout the Pacific Ocean , Indian Ocean and Caribbean Sea -- had already been alerted to the looming disaster by the time the seismometer evidence came in . "  The National Weather Service director in American Samoa called the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center a few seconds before the alarms went off here , so we had an advanced warning and we were already sitting at the computer , looking at the data in real time , " said Brian Shiro , a Pacific warning center geophysicist . It can take 30 seconds to five minutes for information from earthquake sensors placed strategically around the globe to roll into the two U.S. tsunami warning centers . When there 's a clear tsunami threat , the center 's operation room -- built to accommodate the two workers on duty -- becomes flooded with people all jostling to offer assistance . The phone lines consistently ring and "  people are yelling at each other so everyone will be on the same page , and you do n't miss something important that someone else caught , " said Bill Knight , a West Coast and Alaska warning center scientist . Scientists must "  locate the earthquake and then determine based on the science data whether there should be just a normal bulletin or whether there should be a warning , " said Laura Kong , director of the International Tsunami Information Center . She added that it took the Pacific warning center 15 minutes to issue a warning for Tuesday 's tsunami . This was n't because the center 's scientists were moving slowly , Shiro said , but a result of the sparse number of seismic stations in the Southwest Pacific region . The fewer stations there are , the longer it takes for scientists to receive adequate information . "  There was no delay yesterday , " he said . "  You 're only restricted by the earth itself and how fast the seismic waves can travel . " As a result , workers at the two U.S. warning centers said they often have to make decisions based on incomplete information , erring on the side of caution by issuing a tsunami warning and canceling it later if more monitoring reveals a less dangerous situation . "  It can be a lot of pressure at first , and you have to get used to that , " Shiro said . "  You do have a lot of responsibility on your shoulders : You have to act quickly and sometimes you have to issue your very first initial message based on incomplete information , because one of the important factors is time and you want to get it out . " Since the catastrophic Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 , the question of time has become more critical to tsunami warning scientists . The staff has doubled at the Pacific warning center , and when they 're "  on shift , " they sleep in on-site housing , said spokeswoman Delores Clark . The warning centers have turned into 24/7 operations . Scientist Knight and director Whitmore at the West Coast and Alaska center said constantly being on call does not interrupt their personal lives ; neither of them have kids at home . Shiro , on the other hand , has a 2-year-old son and has to strike a balance . At first , his wife and son stayed with him when he was on shift , sleeping at the on-site housing with him . When that proved too disruptive , his family instead began visiting for meals and a bit of quality time during his weekly two-day shift . The Pacific center 's on-site housing is unique , created so the workers can react to a tsunami whether they 're fixing a meal or fast asleep , and while it may pose a slight inconvenience , it 's all part of the job , Shiro said . The workers , drawn to the position by a mutual love of geophysical science , consider themselves lucky to work in one of the few science fields that allows them to do research while making a difference in people 's lives . Instances such as Tuesday 's tsunami , which killed at least 130 people , provide them with perspective on the importance of their position and the need for more tsunami education . Shiro is encouraging the Pacific center to use social networking as a tool , considering the massive response he got after he tweeted live updates Tuesday . For Knight , it 's getting the word out about what to look for when disaster is imminent . "  One of the reasons we have an outreach program is because we know that people ca n't wait for us to make a decision , " Knight said . "  If the ground is shaking for more than 20 seconds , you 're experiencing a large earthquake and the more likely it is that a tsunami is going to happen . " International Tsunami Information Center director Kong , whose work emphasizes the need for better , more local warning systems and education around the globe , agreed . "  It 's especially tragic when you know that a number of us were in American Samoa and Tonga in July talking about tsunamis , telling them that in the worst case scenario they would only have 10 to 20 minutes and asking them to plan the best they could , " she said . "  We kind of have a feeling when we 're issuing those messages that something like this might happen , and it 's your worst nightmare when it does come true . It 's not a good feeling the next day when the numbers start to increase , " she said . "  We ca n't prevent the tsunami from happening ; it 's going to happen . We can only do our best right now and plan beforehand , because when it does happen , there 's just no time . "	Time is always crucial when you work as a tsunami warning scientist A warning can be issued anywhere from 5 to 15 minutes after a threat is identified At the Pacific warning center , workers live on site for two days to monitor data After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , warning centers operate around the clock
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The backstage gossip at recent fashion shows would n't be complete without rampant speculation about who is likely to replace esteemed American Vogue Editor in Chief Anna Wintour . Vogue editors Anna Wintour and Carine Roitfeld at AmfAR 's 10th Annual New York Gala in January 2008 . Wintour has yet to announce any plans to retire but her advancing age -- she 's 60 this year -- has stoked speculation that after more than 20 years in the role it might be time to leave . One name touted as a possible replacement is Carine Roitfeld , the highly respected editor in chief of Vogue Paris . Read more about Carine Roitfeld Roitfeld is accustomed to the speculation , describing it as "  frustrating . " She told CNN she had n't been offered the job and even if she was she probably would n't take it . "  It 's a bit like for an actor . Do you want to go to Hollywood or do you want to stay here in Paris and do the cinema I like to do ? , " Roitfeld said . "  I think I prefer to stay here in Paris . " Watch Carine Roitfeld Revealed A fixture at the U.S. title since 1988 , Wintour has a fearsome reputation , mostly courtesy of the 2006 film starring Meryl Streep , "  The Devil Wears Prada . " The film is based on a book penned by a former assistant at American Vogue who has denied suggestions Wintour was the inspiration for the demanding and odious lead character . Roitfeld is anxious not to create any friction between her and her U.S. counterpart , telling CNN "  I think Anna does a great job ... I think she 's a great person . " She said she would be honored to be asked to fill Wintour 's shoes , but pointed out that "  it 's a very different job . " "  I 'm very happy at French Vogue to be able to do everything -- almost everything -- I want in the magazine , " she said . "  It would be too political at American Vogue for me . And I 'm not sure I 'm talking enough good English to work there . " At Vogue Paris , Roitfeld knows her readers . They are a select group of incredibly stylish and wealthy women who are thrilled rather than alienated by unconventional ideas . The best-selling edition so far , in August 2003 , featured French actress Sophie Marceau on the cover smoking a cigarette . At French Vogue , there 's less pressure to appeal to the masses . Its circulation of some 139,000 is dwarfed by the million plus readers of American Vogue . Fashion shoots are about fantasy . There 's no imperative to make any clothes they feature wearable . If it 's unusual and innovative , then it 's in . With just 25 staff , Roitfeld describes the team at French Vogue as like a family . And that 's how she prefers it . Having said that , she told CNN she would n't dismiss any offer out of hand . "  Of course I would consider it because it would be ridiculous not to consider such a huge position -- in terms of money and in terms of power , " she said . "  But I 'm very happy . It 's very much a small team  in Paris  . America is a huge team . I know because I 've worked for them before . I think it 's not for me . "	Style icon Anna Wintour is rumored to be leaving American Vogue in 2009 Vogue Paris Editor in Chief Carine Roitfeld touted as a possible replacement Roitfeld told CNN : "  I think I prefer to stay here in Paris ... I 'm very happy "
The insurance industry is launching a seven-figure advertising , grassroots and lobbying campaign to persuade Washington officials not to cut Medicare Advantage funding next year . A key piece of that campaign is a new television ad , obtained first by CNN . The ad , which will begin airing Thursday , comes as policy makers begin to set payment rates for next year . The preliminary rates for Medicare Advantage program , which covers seniors through private insurance , will be announced next month , and final rates will be set in April . The ad campaign is part of a lobbying and media blitz by the insurance industry to avoid cuts to their Medicare Advantage payments . The Affordable Care Act cut the Medicare Advantage program by $ 200 billion . The law and other policy changes cut the program by 6.5 % this year . Insurance officials say the cuts are already forcing insurers to cut their doctor networks , and they warn that further cuts will increase cost and limit access to seniors "  If the Medicare Advantage plan is cut once again , seniors are going to find out in October that their costs are going up , their benefits are being reduced and they have fewer choices of providers and fewer coverage options , " said Robert Zirkelbach , spokesman for the insurance industry trade group America 's Health Insurance Plans . In the TV ad , seniors tell Washington that they depend on their Medicare Advantage coverage and will spread the word . "  No more cuts to Medicare Advantage , " Evelyn Harrell said . Added Mary Kay Boerner , "  You know , we vote . " Insurers believe that timing will help their cause . Most seniors will find out about the new rates during open enrollment in October -- only weeks before congressional elections . And insurers are betting that lawmakers wo n't want to be explaining to 14 million seniors why their health care costs more or their benefits have decreased .	Insurers aim to prevent Medicare Advantage cuts with TV , lobbying campaign Policy makers in Washington will soon set 2015 rates , which were cut 6.5 % this year TV ad includes seniors who remind lawmakers , up for election in the fall , that they vote
Carolyn Capern and her business partner Greg Trujillo were eating breakfast in a Panera bakery in Florida recently , each wearing Google Glasses but actually immersed in their smartphones when they were accosted by an angry stranger . Though they 'd only had the beta devices for about a month , they 'd become accustomed to curious people approaching them like they were minor celebrities , peppering them with questions about the still-rare technology , asking to try it on and even getting their pictures taken wearing it . But the man in the bakery did n't want a demonstration . He was interested in confrontation . He asked if they would be comfortable with him recording a video of the pair on his phone , violating their privacy and rights in the same way he felt they were violating his by wearing recording devices on their faces in public . "  He said we were being very intrusive and invading his sense of privacy and was altogether quite upset that we were there wearing Google Glass , " Capern said . A different kind of backlash Negative reactions to Google Glass have been making headlines lately . Earlier this year , Seattle entrepreneur Dave Meinert preemptively banned people from wearing Glass at his 5 Point Café before the technology was even released . Recently he made headlines again after a manager at another one of his restaurants , Lost Lake Cafe & Lounge , asked customer Nick Starr to leave for refusing to remove his Google Glass while inside . The burgeoning dissent is sometimes not pretty . Early adopters have been handed a less-than-flattering nickname in some circles : "  Glassholes . " A group calling itself Stop The Cyborgs offers free anti-glass icons and art on its site for businesses that want to notify customers the technology is not allowed . State and federal lawmakers have expressed privacy concerns about the technology and are , if you will , keeping an eye on it . Even though Glass wearers claim these types of responses from businesses and individuals are not the norm , there is something different about the negative early reactions to Google Glass than what has greeted the smartphone and other new technologies in the past . While there may be some old fashioned technophobia at play , many of the criticisms come from members of a tech-savvy generation that embraces smartphones and tablets . Lost Lake Cafe even encourages patrons to post photos taken at the business to Instagram and tag them #LostLake , according to The Stranger . So what is it about Google Glass that elicits such different reactions ? "  People make a personal decision to check their smartphone or log in and check their social media accounts , but Google Glass is out of their control , " said Larry Rosen , a psychologist who focuses on technology . "  They are not able to make a decision as to whether they want to be ` on ' or ` connected ' through someone else 's process , and they are concerned and unhappy that they do not have a say in the matter . " People feel in control when using their own technology but , fairly or not , Google Glass seems to them more like invasive surveillance . "  For the most part they have given up privacy gladly to be connected through all possible modalities . However , that is when the choice is their choice . This is not , " Rosen said . "  This is someone else essentially eavesdropping on their lives , and if they want to give up their own privacy , they seem to want to do it on their terms and their timeline , not someone else 's . " Easing fears with education The technological differences between smartphones and Google Glass are minimal . Both have cameras that can record videos and audio and take photographs . Both can instantly upload recorded information to social media sites and other locations including Google services . One of the primary concerns people have about Glass is that it is difficult to tell when the device is recording you . With a phone , a stranger would have to physically hold up the device and point the camera in the subject 's direction , a visible cue that they are recording . Wearable cameras like Glass are always pointed and ready to go . Because there are still so few Google Glass units in the wild , many people do n't fully grasp the device 's limitations , according to Trujillo . Some have the misconception that Google Glass is constantly recording video , but leaving Glass in record mode would kill the battery in about an hour . There is no external indicator light to show when Google Glass is in recording mode , but the screen is actually a transparent cube of glass , and people who are in close proximity can see a light when the system is on . "  It 's very easy to identify whether the screen is on or off if you know what to look for , " Capern said .  Both her and Trujillo 's devices were turned off during the bakery incident , they say . Like picking up a phone and pointing , there are physical indicators that might give away the fact that someone is recording . To take a photo or start recording a video with Glass , the wearer has to speak to or touch the device . Trujillo and Capern think it 's actually easier to secretly record someone with a smartphone because they are far more ubiquitous and someone can just pretend they 're holding it up to read a Web page , check Facebook or send a text . "  The phone , in my opinion , is a lot more of an invasion-of-privacy device than Google Glass because you can actually tell when somebody tries to use Google Glass , " Capern said . Navigating the future Stop The Cyborgs is also concerned with the collection of big data through tools like Google Glass . Massive amounts of data can be automatically uploaded from wearable tech and phones to Google services , social media or other cloud-based storage . Google + currently has facial recognition technology but has not yet tied it into Google Glass . "  The issue ... is not the device itself but rather ownership and control over the data , and power relations and social norms around surveillance and control , " the organization says on its About page . Legally , Glass users have the same rights as photographers when it comes to recording and photographing in public . You can photograph anything in plain view , including strangers , while in public places . Because video recordings include audio , the ACLU points out that state wiretapping laws might make some video recordings illegal . When it comes to private property , the property owner has the right to prohibit photography in their home or business , typically by posting rules or asking people taking pictures to leave the premises . Trujillo thinks the restaurants instituting bans are just looking for free press coverage , but there are many bans on Glass based on practical concerns . A woman who was pulled over for speeding in San Diego was also ticketed for wearing Google Glass while driving , the device classified as a distraction much like a smartphone or other monitor . Illinois is considering explicitly banning Glass behind the wheel . Many casinos have banned wearable computer screens which they fear could be used to cheat or count cards , and some theaters worried about piracy have added Google Glass to the list of recording devices prohibited for audience members . Wearable technology like Google Glass is still in its early stages . The companies producing the gadgets hope they 'll be seen as normal and become accepted in the same way smartphones are . Until then , early adopters like Google Glass Explorers will have to handle the attention , both positive and negative .	Google Glass users have faced some negative reactions from businesses and strangers Most people are curious , but many have privacy concerns about the wearable devices Though they both have cameras , the reaction to Glass is different than smartphones
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dolores O'Riordan is singing "  Linger " while playing a gleaming white guitar that 's almost half her size . Dolores O'Riordan says the Cranberries are planning a tour , scheduled to begin in November . As the diminutive musician hums her way through the song 's familiar intro , she smiles and nods her head a little as though she 's just remembered an important kiss or something sweet one of her children told her . We were n't expecting her to play "  Linger , " arguably the Cranberries ' most beautiful hit and the one that gave the Irish rock band its leg up to global stardom in the early '90s . In truth , we were n't expecting O'Riordan to perform anything at all , but when somebody shows up for an interview handling a guitar , you 've got to ask for a tune . Come on ! So when O'Riordan , 37 , started to pluck away at that spine-tingling song that harks back to her days as the moody-cum-boisterous ` Berries lead singer -- wait , she did n't want to play something from her brand new solo album instead ? -- I almost tripped over in my haste to get out of the way so our cameraman could capture the moment . O'Riordan 's nostalgia , it turns out , has a purpose . Watch O'Riordan talk about the chills she had making her album " During our interview , which took place the same day O'Riordan 's second solo disc "  The Baggage " was released in the U.S. , she officially shared the news that the Cranberries are to regroup . Technically , she says , they never split up and have merely been on hiatus since 2003 . But there 's no need to let that linger . Here 's what you need to know , berry by berry  sorry  : The weight of "  No Baggage " Some might argue that solo Dolores sounds no different from front woman Dolores , but being in control of all her material allows O'Riordan to get personal as she does on "  No Baggage "  Rounder Records  . The song "  Skeleton " deals with not being able to outrun the skeletons in your closet . "  Lunatic " addresses the hassles of fame . Give lead single "  The Journey " a spin , and check out the music video to see some lovely scenery from the Emerald Isle . It was filmed around Dublin Bay on a chilly , windy day . When she takes off her musician hat ... O'Riordan has four kids and divides her time between her homes in Dublin , Ireland , and Ontario , Canada  check out the "  No Baggage " album cover for a peek at the lake outside the latter residence  . She 's been married to her manager , Don Burton , for 15 years , and in that time has never taken off her wedding ring . Even if she wanted to she could n't . It 's stuck on her finger . She also wears ... Funky shoes . In the ' 90 's , O'Riordan was known for her chunky Doc Marten boots , but she showed up to our interview in sequin and gem-encrusted Converse sneakers  "  They 're deadly , are n't they ? "  . She bought them on the Champs Elysees in Paris , France , which she says is one of her favorite places to shop . TV is n't normal ... She 's relaxed and goofy in interviews , though she admits that live television gives her the willies . The Cranberries went on hiatus because ... Says O'Riordan : "  We all had little children . We all had personal challenges going on in our life . I wanted to know who the heck I was if I was n't in a Cranberry . " She wants to be "  in a Cranberry " again because ... A performance with fellow ` Berries Noel and Mike Hogan at an event in Dublin in January proved to be a bit of a wake-up call : "  It made me realize that I actually feel really comfortable with them , more so than anyone . " The Cranberries will ripen ... The Cranberries tour is slated to kick off in November in North America . But it wo n't be an all-out greatest hits fest . Expect O'Riordan to mix her solo work into the set list . The band plans to work on a new album together in 2010 . Oh , and did you know ... ? O'Riordan was only 18 years old when the Cranberries found success with their debut album "  Everybody Else Is Doing It , So Why Ca n't We ? " Brothers Mike and Noel Hogan were 16 and 17 , respectively .	Singer Dolores O'Riordan says Cranberries were on hiatus O'Riordan just released new solo album New footwear for Doc Martens-wearing singer : gem-encrusted Converses
Washington  CNN  -- The Chinese military continues to expand its reach and capabilities beyond its immediate geographical area , a new report from the U.S. Department of Defense concludes . The report , an annual assessment sent to Congress , notes that some of those capabilities have been positive , like humanitarian and anti-piracy efforts , but others are meant to give China "  extended-range power projection . " While China 's continued effort to be able to sustain military operations far from its shore are concerning to the U.S. military , "  China 's ability to sustain military power at a distance , today , remains limited , " the report says . As in the past , the U.S. program to sell military equipment to Taiwan continues to create tension with China and has led to cessation at times of military relations between the two countries . The assessment notes that China has the most active ballistic and cruise missile program in the world , including developing anti-missile technology . Also of concern are Chinese efforts to develop a long-range anti-ship ballistic missile with a reach of more than 900 miles , which would include areas in which the U.S. Navy is active . Such a measure would give the Chinese military "  the capability to attack ships , including aircraft carriers , in the Western Pacific Ocean , " according to the report . The Chinese could start building their first aircraft carrier this year , and China has started to train pilots to operate off such carriers . It already has a Russian carrier that it is refurbishing . Its naval muscle is also being flexed with additional nuclear powered submarines , and it has nearly completed a navy base on Hainan Island , "  with direct access to vital international sea lanes , " which will allow for "  stealthy deployment of submarines , " the report says .	A Pentagon report on China 's military cites the U.S. military 's concerns China has the most active ballistic and cruise missile program in the world China could start building its first aircraft carrier this year But China 's ability to sustain military power at a distance remains limited for now
Washington  CNN  -- Americans overwhelmingly believe that the government is broken , according to a national poll released Sunday . But the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey also indicates that the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . Eighty-six percent of people questioned say that the system of government is broken , with 14 percent saying no . iReport : What one government program would you eliminate ? Of the 86 percent , 81 percent say that the government can be fixed , but 5 percent say it 's beyond repair . The percentage of Americans who believe the government is broken has increased by eight points since 2006 . Full results  pdf "  That increase is highest among higher-income Americans and people who live in rural areas , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  Maybe it 's just a coincidence , but those are the groups that make up the bulk of the Tea Party activists today . " Poll shows demographics of Tea Party activists The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	86 percent of people questioned in new poll say U.S. government is broken That 's up 8 percentage points since 2006 Of those people , 81 percent say the problems can be fixed
CNN  -- A senior manager at Morgan Stanley pleaded not guilty Friday to assault and hate-crime charges in connection with the stabbing of a New York City taxi driver over the cost of a fare . William Bryan Jennings , a bond-underwriting senior manager at Morgan Stanley , entered the plea in Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford , according to court documents . His next court date is set for April 12 . Jennings is accused of attacking Mohamed Anmar with a 2.5-inch blade , using racial slurs against Anmar , who is of Middle Eastern descent , and failing to pay for services rendered . The racial slurs resulted in a charge of intimidation by bigotry or bias , which is classified as a hate crime , according to court documents . Police allege that after attending a company holiday party in Manhattan , Jennings hailed a cab about 11 p.m. on December 21 after a car service failed to arrive to take him to his home in Darien , Connecticut , about 40 miles away . He told police he had "  been drinking throughout the day , but did n't feel he was highly intoxicated . " According to a sworn affidavit , Anmar said he picked up Jennings , whom he described as drunk , and told him he could go to Connecticut for a flat rate of $ 204 . When the taxi arrived at Jennings ' residence , Anmar said the banker refused to pay the fare , offering him $ 50 , according to the affidavit . Jennings told police Anmar demanded $ 294 and he offered to pay $ 160 . After the disagreement , Anmar said he tried to call police from his cell phone , but he could n't get mobile service and began driving to look for a patrol car , according to the affidavit . Both men say that Jennings tried to get out of the cab several times , but Anmar would n't slow down . The cabbie said he was still driving to try to find a police officer when Jennings reached through the opening in the cab 's partition . Holding a penknife , Anmar said , Jennings cursed at him , saying , "  I 'm going to kill you . You should go back to your country , " according to the affidavit . Police documents allege that Jennings stabbed at Anmar , cutting his hands as he tried to close the partition . Anmar told authorities he was able to get phone service nearby and called 911 . "  I felt like I was going to die that night , " said Anmar , who required stitches in his hand for the injury . Jennings told police he acted out of self-defense , fearing Anmar would take him back to Manhattan and he might be "  dropped in any number of dangerous places . " According to court documents , Jennings is free on a $ 9,500 cash bond . Pen Pendleton , a spokesman for Morgan Stanley , verified that Jennings is a senior manager of North American fixed-income capital markets , and is on leave from the company . Calls to Jennings ' attorney were not returned Friday . CNN 's Chris Dignam contributed to this report .	William Jennings pleads not guilty to assault and hate-crime charges The Morgan Stanley exec is accused of stabbing an NYC taxi driver over cab fare Jennings says he acted out of self-defense and denies stabbing the driver
CNN  -- When Katy Wilson was born with Down syndrome , doctors told her mother that the infant likely would never walk or talk . Katy Wilson says she wants her athletic successes to surprise people and give them hope . She sure showed them . Wilson , now 29 , has won two international gold medals in the Special Olympics for her gymnastic abilities . She turns cartwheels for her floor routine and does acrobatics on the balance beam . She also goes on public speaking tours . "  Most of all , I love doing speeches because I want them -LSB- the audience -RSB- to be surprised just how good my speeches are , " she said by phone . Wilson 's story -- and countless other stereotype-bending stories like it -- is possible in part because of the dogged vision of Eunice Kennedy Shriver and the Special Olympics organization she founded more than four decades ago . Shriver , who died Tuesday , started the organization as a sports camp for special-needs kids and adults in her backyard in Maryland in 1962 . The camp , in part , was inspired by the life of Shriver 's sister , Rosemary Kennedy , who had an intellectual disability . The Special Olympics has grown from that small camp into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes with Down syndrome , autism and other intellectual disabilities compete for medals in an array of sports . Her legacy will live in the stories of hope and against-the-odds success she made possible through the Special Olympics . See photos of Eunice Kennedy Shriver " "  She helped forever alter how people with intellectual disabilities are viewed and treated and respected , " said Amie Dugan , a spokeswoman for the Special Olympics . "  This is a population that 40 years ago they were beyond marginalized . They were disenfranchised from society . "  It was considered the status quo ... to put them in an institution and never think about that again . And she changed all of that . She brought them out into the light . " An estimated 200 million people in the world live with intellectual disabilities . That population was largely unseen and voiceless in 1968 when Shriver stepped to the microphone to announce the start of the first Special Olympic Games at Chicago 's Soldier Field . "  In ancient Rome , the gladiators went into the arena with these words on their lips , " she told the 1,000 athletes in the stadium . " ` Let me win , but if I can not win , let me be brave in the attempt . ' " In 2007 , the most recent Special Olympics World Summer Games were held in Shanghai , China . More than 7,000 athletes competed . The sports competitions are held in the winter and summer on four-year intervals , just like the Olympic Games ; people from countries as far-flung as Tunisia , Rwanda and Sri Lanka participate in events that include skiing , volleyball and track and field . Before the program , people with intellectual disabilities were only told what they could not accomplish , said David Tolleson , executive director of the National Down Syndrome Congress . "  Special Olympics emphasizes what folks can do , and it does it in a manner that 's fun and exciting and it offers a sense of community both within the family of those with developmental disabilities as well as with the greater community at large -- the volunteers who come in and have some of their misconceptions or preconceptions cast aside when they realize how much people with developmental disabilities truly are capable of , " he said . The program continues to expand its global reach , but in many places , people with intellectual disabilities lack basic human rights , said Dugan . Thomas Webb , a Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. . Foundation fellow who studies public policy and intellectual disability , said it 's still a challenge in the United States to integrate people with disabilities into mainstream society . No one knows all of the solutions , but Shriver and the Special Olympics have had "  significant impact " on peoples ' lives , he said . Coming from the athletic Kennedy family , Shriver realized the wide-ranging benefits of sports , said Dugan . "  It 's just a fun way to bring people with intellectual disabilities and their non-disabled peers together , " she said , "  because everyone enjoys competition and fun and exercise and getting out there . " The fun translates into experience that helps Special Olympians build communities of friends and succeed in the workplace , advocates and athletes said . Melissa Stokes , 26 , started playing sports with the Special Olympics when she was 8 . She now is a volunteer Special Olympics ski coach in the Denver area and works as an assistant at the Special Olympics of Colorado office . "  We 're like a little family , " she said of her ski team . She added : "  Because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff . We can still accomplish a lot . " More than half of Special Olympians in the U.S. are employed , according to the organization , compared with an estimated 10 percent of the intellectually disabled population at large . Jeanne Wilson , the mother of the gymnast with Down syndrome , started tearing up when she recounted the moment she saw her daughter -- whose future once looked so uncertain -- standing atop an awards podium with a gold medal draped around her neck . "  It was just amazing because that really gave her confidence . And I do n't think people realize how much it means to a young person who you might have thought did not have a future or might not ever have a chance to walk , " she said . "  To see her doing a routine on balance beam or a floor routine is pretty amazing . " Katy Wilson , who lives in Gainesville , Georgia , continues to train as a gymnast . She also goes bowling with a group of Special Olympians most Fridays . They call themselves the Alley Kats , and Wilson describes the bowlers as some of her best friends . "  I love bowling because it is so much fun being out there being able to have friends , " she said . "  It 's exciting to do bowling because I get a lot of scores . " When she 's not in training , Wilson works at a steakhouse as a hostess . "  I get their coffee , I get their bread , I get their drinks , I do the silverware , I sweep up , I do the hostess , " she said . "  Oh , I love the job because everybody 's so nice to me , especially the managers , they give me hope and they 're so excited to have me there and I 'm so happy to be there with them . " As a global ambassador for the Special Olympics , Wilson tours the country telling people about her life story . She says she hopes it reminds them that everyone can succeed with a positive attitude . She grew up watching her sister do cartwheels as a cheerleader . She modeled her life in her sister 's image , but she forged a life that 's all her own .	Eunice Kennedy Shriver started Special Olympics in her backyard in 1962 Special Olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes An estimated 200 million people live with intellectual disabilities worldwide Says one athlete : "  Because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff '
CNN  -- Two American Airlines flights flew back to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport early Monday because of unrelated technical issues . The passenger jets landed within two minutes of each other . Flight 1359 made an emergency landing at 12:21 a.m. CT after the pilot was alerted to a mechanical issue , airline spokeswoman Laura Masvidal said . The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 plane had left for Fresno , California , with 140 passengers and five crew members an hour earlier . Masvidal did not say what the mechanical issue was . The second flight , AAL 997 , was over the Gulf of Mexico on its way to Buenos Aires , Argentina , when a problem with pressurization turned up . The Boeing 777-200 , carrying 223 passengers and 14 crew members , turned back to have the issue checked out but did not have to make an emergency landing , Masvidal said . It arrived at 12:23 a.m. Both planes landed safely , and the flights were rescheduled for later times .	Both are American Airlines flights AAL 1359 makes an emergency landing after an unnamed technical issue AAL 997 has cabin pressure issues , turns back but does n't make an emergency landing
CNN  -- When Barack Obama is sworn in as president January 20 , there will be music -- by , among others , Aretha Franklin , Yo-Yo Ma , Itzhak Perlman and the U.S. Marine Band . There will be prayers and speeches -- including Obama 's inaugural address . And for the fourth time in the nation 's 56 inauguration ceremonies , there will be poetry -- by someone far less well-known . Elizabeth Alexander says poetry can help solve problems by looking at them from a fresh angle . After the president 's speech , Elizabeth Alexander will read a poem she is writing for the occasion . Alexander is a 46-year-old Yale University professor and a friend and former faculty colleague of Obama 's . She joins three other poets who have read at inaugural ceremonies -- Robert Frost in 1961 for John F. Kennedy 's inauguration and Maya Angelou and Miller Williams , who read at Bill Clinton 's 1993 and 1997 inaugurations . Alexander has written five books of poetry , including "  American Sublime , " a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 2005 . Her father is Clifford Alexander , secretary of the Army in the Carter administration , and her mother teaches history at George Washington University . Her brother is an adviser to Obama 's transition team . Alexander 's view of poetry is captured in a few lines from "  American Sublime "  Graywolf Press  : Poetry is what you find / in the dirt in the corner , overhear on the bus , God / in the details , the only way to get from here to there . / Poetry  and now my voice is rising is not all love , love , love , / and I 'm sorry the dog died . Poetry  here I hear myself loudest  / is the human voice , and are we not of interest to each other ? Alexander spoke Friday to CNN.com . CNN : What do you think is the role of a poet in a ceremony like this ? Alexander : I think that the fact that President-elect Obama has decided to have a poem in this ceremony is a wonderful affirmation to the power of language , the way in which poetry gives us distilled and mindful and careful language that can both give us a moment of pause , a moment of contemplation and that can also ... look at the world from a slightly different angle . CNN : You met Barack Obama when you were both teaching at the University of Chicago ? Alexander : In the community in Hyde Park , he and Mrs. Obama were just people I 'd heard about for a long time and heard wonderful things about , and we were of a generation . ... He was in the law school , and I was in the Department of English so our day-to-day work did n't really cross so much . ... -LSB- We were in -RSB- the community of people who were at that time in our early 30s , thinking about the different ways that we could contribute to improving things with whatever skills we had -- political skills , intellectual skills , skills in the discipline of law , in literature , artistic skills . That was the common ground , thinking about how we could contribute to bettering our community . CNN : And you did it by writing ? Alexander : By writing and teaching . I 've been a professor for many years now , and I now teach in the African-American studies department and the English Department at Yale . ... My teaching is incredibly important to me ... helping people see that the study of African-American history and culture is fundamental to understanding this country that we live in . It 's been wonderful to be able to share those riches of the culture over the years . CNN : We have this historical moment , the 80th birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King , the inauguration of the first African-American president . How does that resonate with you ? Alexander : It 's amazing , is n't it ? I just shake my head and say , "  Is n't that something ? " The civil rights struggle in this country and in the world is not over because we have an African-American president . At the same time , this must be recognized as a tremendous moment in our nation 's history . I ca n't tell you how many older people have said to me , "  I never thought I 'd live to see this day . " The fact that this country has -- with a multiracial coalition -- elected an extraordinary president who is African-American really does feel like just an exquisite moment for us to savor even as we recognize there 's still a tremendous amount of work ahead of us . CNN : What 's ahead of us ? Alexander : Oh my goodness , so much . There are wars or conflicts in many different places , there are potentially incipient conflicts in different places , there 's the tremendous challenge of the economy . ... The larger metaphysical challenge is to think about how to work together in new ways that are , if not post-partisan -- because I do n't think there 's anything wrong with partisanship per se -- borne of new coalitions . Within our communities large and small , making new coalitions and finding common ground is absolutely what we 're going to have to do in order to make things better . CNN : Can poetry help in that regard ? Alexander : I do believe that it can . The way in which poetry models precise and mindful language is useful , because after all if we ca n't be precise with language , how can we share ideas ? Also the felicity of art ... the way in which it makes you draw a breath and look at the world in a different way is very useful to the process of thinking through new solutions . You can look straight in front of you and never get any yield to a problem , but if you can look around the back of it or step to the side of it , those are the ways that we experience some movement with calcified problems . CNN : So you 're going to write a poem about health care ? Alexander : That would be fun . Of course , this -LSB- poem for the inauguration -RSB- is an occasional poem , it has to serve the moment , it has to serve the day , right ? So those are the challenges of writing something that makes sense at this moment on this particular day . But of course , what I hope to do , rather than the laundry list poem , is to find language that will hopefully have a little resonance after the day is done . CNN : Will you show it to anybody before you read it ? Alexander : I show it to my husband -LSB- artist Ficre Ghebreyesus -RSB- , and he is my first , last and best critic . CNN : You wrote an essay about Gwendolyn Brooks -LSB- the Pulitzer Prize-winning African-American poet -RSB- in which you said that "  the pressure on creative work can be intense for artists who belong to groups still struggling for their fair shake in society . " And then later on you said you 've seen your work "  overpraised by narrow-minded white critics " and "  criticized small-mindedly by more than one black woman elder poet -- the same poets I imagined would be pleased by it . " Your work is read very differently depending on who 's reading it ? Alexander : I think what I was trying to say is that at the end of the day , demographics does n't really tell you about how your work is going to be received . ... On the one hand , I have devoted much of my work to African-American culture . That 's my group , that 's who I am , -LSB- I 'm -RSB- proud and unambiguous about that -- but at the same time , one of the really great discoveries of a life in poetry has been that poetry is quirky . It reaches people unexpectedly . You really , really ca n't predict who is going to connect with various aspects of your work . That 's been a real gift to me ; it 's made me try not to assume too much about who thinks what and who is able to gain something from work . CNN : You have two children ? Alexander : Two sons , 9 and 10 . CNN : How do they feel about the poem ? Alexander : They are so excited , and that 's of course a lovely thing . And in the excitement , we still live in our every day , so mommy is still mommy , and all the mommy things are expected of me , and that 's the way I like it . CNN : What are your tastes in music ? Alexander : Jazz is the music that I know deepest and love the most , and I mean jazz across the board because that 's an incredibly diverse art , and also I must say , R&B , funk and soul speak very powerfully to me . CNN : Favorite artists ? Alexander : Thelonious Monk is quite a favorite artist . Marvin Gaye , John Coltrane , and also the breadth and accomplishment over a career of Duke Ellington . CNN : And Aretha Franklin ? Alexander : Can you imagine ? I get to hear her at close range . Boy , that 's going to be my gift for the year .	Elizabeth Alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration Alexander : Poetry can provide a fresh way of looking at problems She says poetry is quirky and no one can predict how people will react to it
Washington  CNN  -- After several years of what it calls broken promises , the U.S. government has singled out Thailand , Malaysia , The Gambia and Venezuela for taking insufficient action against human trafficking . In its annual Trafficking in Persons  TIP  Report , released Friday , the State Department downgraded the four nations to Tier 3 , the lowest possible ranking it gives for a country 's response to fighting modern-day slavery . The report says there is evidence of forced labor and sex trafficking in Malaysia and Thailand . It highlights Malaysia 's problem with migrants from other Asian nations who seek work on farms , factories and construction sites only to be trapped and have their passports taken and wages withheld . In Thailand , the report says , tens of thousands of migrants from neighboring countries are being exploited in the commercial sex industry , on fishing boats or as domestic servants . And in Venezuela , women and girls are often lured from poor interior regions to tourist centers with the promise of false job offers . When they arrive , they are often forced into prostitution . The report ranks governments based on their perceived efforts to acknowledge and combat human trafficking , advance reforms and target resources for prevention , protection and prosecution programs . It divides nations into three tiers based on their compliance with 11 "  minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking . " -- Tier 1 countries include governments fully compliant with the minimum standards . -- Tier 2 countries do n't fully comply , but are making significant efforts to do so .  A Tier 2 Watch List includes countries with a high number of victims , or where the numbers are significantly increasing . It also includes countries where there 's insufficient evidence of acceptable efforts to improve anti-trafficking programs  . -- Tier 3 countries do not fully comply with the minimum standards and have not shown the U.S. they are making significant efforts to do so . A Tier 3 status can also mean less money as the U.S. government may use the designation to withhold or withdraw assistance that is unrelated to trade or humanitarian aid . Those countries could also face U.S. opposition in obtaining development aid from international financial institutions like the World Bank or International Monetary Fund . More than 20 million people worldwide are believed to be ensnared in some form of human trafficking , according to the International Labour Organization . Luis CdeBaca , ambassador-at-large of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons , cited Thailand and Malaysia 's repeated noncompliance in meeting minimum anti-trafficking standards . "  Malaysia continues to have a victim care regime that basically locks up the victims , " Cdebaca said . "  In Thailand , we have a lot of beginnings that will hopefully come to fruition , but the report does n't look at promises . It looks at results . " In Venezuela , women and girls are often lured from poor interior regions to tourist centers with the promise of false job offers . When they arrive , they are often forced into prostitution . Four other countries had faced possible downgrades to Tier 3 -- Afghanistan , Barbados , Chad and the Maldives . Cdebaca said each of those demonstrated over the past year that their governments were serious about stopping human trafficking . "  In Afghanistan , for the first time now , we 're seeing 14 traffickers were convicted . We 're even seeing the conviction of soldiers , " says Cdebaca . While the United States puts itself in the Tier 1 category , the State Department acknowledges its own problems fighting trafficking , something that had n't been done in the report until 2010 . This year 's report highlights several new groups within the U.S. that may be vulnerable to traffickers , including teens living on Native American reservations and members of the LGBT community . Other Tier 3 countries are Algeria ; Central African Republic ; Cuba ; Democratic Republic of Congo ; Equatorial Guinea ; Eritrea ; Guinea-Bissau ; Iran ; Kuwait ; Libya ; Mauritania ; North Korea ; Papua New Guinea ; Russia ; Saudi Arabia ; Syria ; Uzbekistan ; Yemen ; and Zimbabwe .	U.S. State Department issues annual Trafficking in Persons Report In Thailand , migrants are being exploited in the commercial sex industry , report says Report : Venezuelan women and girls are often lured into prostitution with false job offers In Malaysia , it says , migrants from other Asian countries have been trapped in forced labor
CNN  -- Militants killed 18 soldiers and eight police officers in south Yemen Friday morning , security officials said . The attacks targeted installations in Shabwa province on Friday morning , the officials said . They said the attackers used car bombs and heavy artillery . There was no immediate claim of responsibility but officials at the Defense Ministry and in Shabwa said think al Qaeda was behind the violence . "  Though no one has claimed responsibility , the planning , timing and weapons used in the Shabwa attacks give us a strong indication that al Qaeda stands behind todays attacks , " a Defense Ministry official said on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . "  All three attacks took place within an hour in three different locations . Only an organized network like al Qaeda could stand behind such attacks . " The attacks are likely in retaliation for recent U.S. drone strikes , one security official said . Twelve soldiers were killed at the Rothom district military compound , and six soldiers died in an attack near Mayfah district , the officials said . The Defense Ministry said a commander , Col. Nasser Tahih , was among those killed . A raid on a police compound in Azzan killed eight officers , the officials said . Azzan is suspected to be home for hundreds of al-Qaeda militants . In the Azzan attack , "  the militants took control of the compound and looted many of its belongings and property . Those who tried to fight the militants were killed , " one local security official told CNN . He spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to news media . The official said other officers surrendered to the militants and were taken prisoner . At least nine explosions were heard at the compound , one of the officials said . No militants were known to have died in the attack , security sources in Azzan told CNN . The government deployed hundreds of troops to the area and tight security checkpoints were introduced . Earlier this week , Yemen 's Interior Ministry called for tightened security and warned that al Qaeda might be planning attacks and suicide bombings . CNN 's David Simpson wrote from Atlanta , Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen and Hamdi Alkshali reported from Atlanta	Security officials say they think the attacks are in retaliation for U.S. drone strikes Car bombs and artillery are reported used in attacks The dead include 18 soldiers and eight police officers
CNN  -- He may be the King of Miami , but should LeBron James be treated like a head of state ? That 's the question some are asking after the basketball superstar was given a police escort Sunday night to the Jay Z and Justin Timberlake concert at Miami 's Sun Life Stadium . The Miami Heat player , who was paid more than $ 19 million this year by the 2013 NBA champions , posted a video on Instagram . "  Light police escort on the wrong side of the street , " James is heard saying in the clip , "  Headed to the big homie concert , JT . Holla . " He also tweeted about it , writing "  They treat us so well ! Needed it cause traffic was nuts !! " Detective Alvaro Zabaleta of Miami-Dade Police described the incident in detail to CNN . "  The stadium got a phone call that LeBron James was stuck in traffic , so the stadium personnel got hold of one of our police supervisors working the event , " Zabaleta said . "  He  asked  if there is any way we can get him out of traffic and get him to the concert . " Zabaleta said an officer agreed to "  take care of it . " "  It was n't hard to spot LeBron , " Zabaleta said , "  and what the officer did was he told the officers working the traffic detail to stop traffic , hold the traffic and then he chose to go northbound on the southbound lanes . It took him less than a mile . He turned right and went onto the stadium property . "  That 's all the officer did , but LeBron went ahead and recorded it and said he was getting a police escort and going against traffic . " The entire escort covered just eight blocks , Zabaleta told CNN . "  From one intersection to another , " was how he put it . But he also said department policy was violated . "  We do n't have our units ever go against traffic , " he said . "  The officer should n't have done that . But he did n't flagrantly say , ` I 'm not going to worry about it ' . He did stop traffic for eight blocks . And that was the end of it . " Zabaleta said department supervisors "  are looking into the incident , and they are assessing the whole situation . But he was n't playing Frogger the whole way , " referring to a video game in which a frog tries to make it across a road amid busy traffic . As for LeBron James , the detective only had praise . "  We thank him , " he said . "  We thank him for providing us this footage because we were able to learn one of our officers was violating policy . "	LeBron James , stuck in traffic trying to get to a concert , asks for help and gets it A police officer has traffic stopped and escorts James along the opposing lanes "  The officer should n't have done that , " a police spokesman says .
CNN  -- At least 10 people were killed Tuesday in a shooting spree that spanned two small southern Alabama towns , state officials confirmed . The gunman , who turned the gun on himself , and the wife and child of a sheriff 's deputy were among those killed . An ambulance rushes to the scene of a multiple shooting in Samson , Alabama , on Tuesday afternoon . The shooting started in a neighborhood in Samson , a town of about 3,000 about 15 miles north of the Florida border , just after 4 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  and ended 12 miles away at a manufacturing plant in Geneva , said Alabama state Sen. Harri Anne Smith , who represents Geneva County . "  He was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business , " Smith told CNN , saying she had been briefed by state and local law enforcement . The gunman , whose identity was not disclosed , shot himself at the Reliable Metal Products plant , state public safety spokesman Kevin Cook told CNN . Authorities are also investigating an arson at a residence in neighboring Coffee County , where a body was found . That incident is thought to be related to the shootings , Cook said . Investigators are trying to determine whether the gunman , who Cook said was armed with a semi-automatic weapon , knew any of the victims . State police Cpl. Steve Jarrett told reporters that the gunman killed six adults and one child in three residences in Samson , before heading down state Highway 52 , firing at least seven bullets into a state trooper car . The trooper sustained minor injuries from shattered glass . Geneva County Sheriff Greg Ward said one of his deputies lost his wife and toddler in the shooting at the first house . An infant was also wounded . Watch Sheriff Ward describe what happened " "  I ca n't describe what happened , why it happened , " Ward told CNN affiliate WTVY . "  It 's just a sad day for Geneva County . " The gunman then killed another person at Samson Pipe and Supply and then another at a service station -- both on Highway 52 , Jarrett said . Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper talk about the investigation " A witness told CNN Radio she saw a woman 's body at the Big-Little Store service station off the highway as people gathered at the crime scene . The gunman ended up at the Reliable Metal Products plant in Geneva , where police rammed his vehicle , forcing him to get out . He fired a 30-round burst with what appeared to be an M16 , grazing Police Chief Frankie Lindsey with a bullet . Watch a timeline of the shootings " "  Then the subject entered the business . Within minutes , shots were heard . ... Law enforcement officers found him dead , " Jarrett said . "  There are believed to be additional people shot and wounded during these episodes , " he said . Watch the aftermath of the shooting spree " Sheriff 's officials says the gunman was a former employee of Reliable Metal , CNN affiliate WEAR-TV reported . The FBI bureau in Mobile , Alabama , sent an agent to assist the Geneva County sheriff 's office and local police , a spokeswoman for the FBI said . Col. Christopher Murphy , head of the Alabama Department of Public Safety , called the southern Alabama shooting spree "  the worst that DPS has a memory of . " Another mass killing occurred in southern Alabama in 2002 , when Westley Devon Harris gunned down six members of his 16-year-old girlfriend 's family at their farm in Luverne . Harris was convicted and sentenced to the death penalty in 2005 .	The gunman and the wife and child of a sheriff 's deputy among those killed Gunman , ex-employee of Reliable Metal , turned weapon on himself , officials say Slayings occur in Samson and Geneva , two small towns near Florida border State senator : "  He was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business "
CNN  -- Garth Brooks offered to "  drop on my knees and beg " Ireland 's prime minister to get his comeback concerts back on track after the Dublin city council denied licenses for two of his five shows . Brooks , speaking at the announcement of a new recording deal with Sony Music , said he had no clue until the last two weeks that there was a problem with the shows , for which 400,000 tickets had been sold . "  I do n't have a clue how we got here , " Brooks said about the sudden cancellation of the sell-out shows . "  All I know is the powers that can fix it are not here . " Garth Brooks hopes friends in high places can save Irish shows The Dublin shows had been planned for Croke Park Stadium , a football arena that can hold more than 90,000 fans , on five consecutive nights during the last week of July . The council approved Friday , Saturday and Sunday shows , but rejected licenses for Monday and Tuesday night concerts . Instead of going forward with the three approved concerts , Brooks said he would not do any since it would mean choose which 160,000 fans would be shunned . "  If the prime minister himself wants to talk to me , I will crawl , swim , I will fly over there this weekend , sit in front of him , I will drop on my knees and beg for those 400,000 people to let them have fun . " Brooks promised to announce a world tour on July 14 and he hinted that the first new music under his Sony deal would be out around the end of the month . A double album , which he 's working on now , will be released around Thanksgiving at "  a stupid price " initially to reward fans who have waited through his retirement . Brooks was the biggest selling solo recording act ever when he left the road and studio behind to concentrate on raising his three daughters 14 years ago . Fans have only seen him perform since then at a few benefit concerts and a weekend residency in Las Vegas . His youngest daughter Allie graduated from high school in May , relieving Brooks of his paternal duty to drive his kids from his farm in Owasso , Oklahoma , to school each morning and be there for every soccer match .	Brooks says he wold "  crawl , swim " to Ireland to talk with the prime minister Brook announces of a new recording deal with Sony Music New Garth Brooks music will be out near the end of July , album in November Brooks will announce a world tour on July 14
CNN  The aftermath of ` Twirlgate ' rumbled on at the Australian Open on Friday , with Canadian star Eugenie Bouchard saying she was fine with being asked to twirl -- if men were asked to "  flex their muscles and stuff . " Following her second-round victory over Kiki Bertens on Wednesday , a male interviewer had asked the 20-year-old Bouchard for a twirl . Cue uproar on social media . As it turns out , Bouchard 's request for greater equality had already been granted before she pirouetted on court . In a video posted on the Australian Open 's website dated January 19 , 14-time grand slam winner Rafael Nadal -- known partly for his muscular physique -- was asked to bare his chest . The question came not from a man or woman , but from what looked like a tablet device as part of a series where tennis players are quizzed on various subjects as they are driven around Melbourne in a car manufactured by one of the event 's sponsors . The exact question to Nadal was this : "  Females love when you take your top off . Can you do it now ? " "  I have to do it now ? " replied Nadal , who was sitting beside his public relations manager . He then took off his sweatshirt and began to take off his t-shirt before leaving it on . "  I am joking , " he said with a smile as the t-shirt stayed on . Nadal 's interview has n't attracted much attention , but Billie Jean King , the 12-time grand slam winner and longtime advocate for equality , took note of the question to Bouchard -- and was less than amused . And in a tweet posted Thursday , King wrote : "  The Australian Open interviewer asking the women to ` twirl ' on court is out of line . "  This is truly sexist . If you ask the women , you have to ask the guys to twirl as well . Let 's focus on competition and accomplishments of both genders and not our looks . " Amid the controversy Bouchard retained her trademark cool after ousting Caroline Garcia Friday . "  Personally , I 'm not offended , " Bouchard said . "  No , I think it was an in-the-moment thing and it was funny . But , yeah , I mean , it 's just funny how it 's taken a life of its own . "  I 'm just going to try to focus on my tennis . "	Eugenie Bouchard not "  offended " by being asked to twirl But Canadian says there should n't be a double standard Rafael Nadal was asked to bare his chest before ` Twirlgate '
CNN  -- Venus Williams is looking forward to a continuing her winning run after retaining her Abierto Mexicano Telcel title in Acapulco on Sunday . The American followed up her victory at the Dubai Tennis Championships the previous weekend to win both tournaments for the second year in a row , taking her up to equal 10th on the all-time women 's list of WTA Tour wins . Top seed Williams had to come from behind against first-time finalist Polona Hercog on the red clay before triumphing 2-6 6-2 6-3 . "  I do n't want to stop here -- hopefully next year I can win this one three times , " former world No. 1 Williams told the WTA Tour Web site . "  I definitely expected her to play tough . She did n't miss too many shots and I have to give her credit , not just for today but for her whole week . Even though she was playing well , I had to find a way to make my game better . "  Hopefully I 'll win more and more this year . I love winning titles , I love seeing that number go up . It feels good . There is no limit . Who wants to have a limit on titles ? Not me . " Hercog did , however , win her first senior title in the doubles , as the Slovenian world No. 60 teamed up with Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic to defeat Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci in three sets . In the men 's final , third seed David Ferrer beat Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-3 3-6 6-1 to avenge his defeat by his fellow Spaniard in last weekend 's title match in Buenos Aires . Former world No. 1 Ferrero had been seeking his third title of the four-week South American leg of the ATP Tour , having also won in Costa do Sauipe in Brazil . There are no individual top-level men 's tournaments this week as the focus switches to the opening round of the Davis Cup , with defending champions Spain hosting Switzerland and runners-up the Czech Republic away to Belgium . Croatia , beaten in the last four by the Czechs , are at home to promoted Ecuador while fellow semifinalists Israel travel to Chile . Other World Group matches see France take on Germany , the United States visit Serbia , Russia at home to India and Sweden against Argentina .	Top seed Venus Williams retains her Abierto Mexicano Telcel title in Acapulco American wins second tournament in a row following success in Dubai last weekend She comes from behind to defeat first-time finalist Polona Hercog 2-6 6-2 6-3 on the red clay David Ferrer beats fellow Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero in the men 's final
EW.com  -- Still craving a piece of  or some closure from  The Office since it ended this past May ? Now 's your chance to own parts of the show â $ " used parts , no less . NBC Universal is holding an eBay auction featuring wardrobe props , Schrute weaponry , and Cornell paraphernalia from the Scranton , Pa.-based show . Here are some notable listings : Most expensive : A framed portrait of Dwight Schrute Currently going for : $ 609.99 with 24 bids Description  which kind of reads like Mr. Schrute wrote it himself  : "  The item is approximately 33.5 inches tall by 27.5 inches long . The frame 's depth is approximately 1.5 inches deep . The frame appears to be made of painted wood , black in color . The picture is what appears to be a painted image of Dwight Schrute on a canvas . This is the only one received from production . This item is in good condition . " Most unpopular : Andy 's Michael Jackson "  Thriller " costume  Yet , somehow his Avatar bodysuit is a hot item ! Currently going for : $ 24.99 with zero bids  c'mon Cornellians , Halloween is right around the corner ! Most unlikely source to stock your self-defense cabinet : Dwight 's mace and pepper spray  part of a used tactical accessory set If you 're the lucky winner , do n't plan on using Dwight 's sprays to ward off would-be attackers , as the listing description warns : "  The Mace and Pepper spray are assumed to be in working condition but could not be tested due to the nature of the items . " Currently going for : $ 102.50 with nine bids Which Office supplies would you bid on ? Hurry up : Bidding ends soon . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	You can own a piece of "  The Office " The most expensive item is a framed portrait of Dwight Schrute The auction ends soon
CNN  -- One of the world 's leading tennis players has apologized after swearing at members of the crowd at the French Open , having been angered by two people who he said were purposefully trying to put him off . Janko Tipsarevic , who has dropped outside the top-10 this year , lost his cool halfway through Saturday 's defeat by Mikhail Youzhny -- which cost him a place in the last 16 of the season 's second grand slam tournament . "  I just snapped , because you could really see they did n't really care what the score was or even who was playing , " the Serbian told reporters . "  They just wanted to look nice and be at the French Open . They had no respect to the players in terms of being quiet or whatever . Interactive : The secrets of French Open champions "  So at one point I was getting ready to serve at , I think , 30-15 on my serve and one of the guys just started screaming , calling somebody to the stands . " The duo were reportedly ejected from the stadium , but Tipsarevic said he regretted his actions . "  There is no excuse for my behaviour . I think basically the problem was that I used the F word and that was not pretty . But , on the other hand , I just snapped . It happens to everyone . " Tipsarevic , ranked 12th but seeded eighth for the clay event , lost 6-4 6-4 6-3 to Youzhny as he struggled to recover from Friday 's five-set win over Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in the third round . "  Youzhny was a much better player from beginning to end , " he said . "  My feet were just not there . I 've not been feeling well for two , three days now , getting half sick , feverish . The match yesterday completely destroyed me . " Youzhny , once ranked as high as eighth but now down 31st , reached the last 16 at Roland Garros for the first time since his quarterfinal effort in 2010 . The 30-year-old Russian will next face 35-year-old German Tommy Haas , who needed 13 match points before finally overcoming American John Isner 7-5 7-6  7-4  4-6 6-7  10-12  10-8 in a match lasting four hours 37 minutes . Meanwhile , world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and defending champion Rafael Nadal remain on course for a semifinal showdown . Nadal , seeking to become the first man to win a grand slam eight times , again had a slow start against fired-up Italian Fabio Fognini but prevailed 7-6  7-5  6-4 6-4 for his first straight-sets win this week . The Spaniard , who complained Friday about the tournament scheduling that had given his opponent extra rest time , will next face world No. 15 Kei Nishikori . The 23-year-old became the first Japanese male to reach the last 16 at Roland Garros since 1938 as he beat home player Benoit Paire 6-3 6-7  3-7  6-4 6-1 . The Frenchman criticized the chair umpire after being docked a point for receiving coaching when on the verge on clinching the second set . "  They would never do this to the top-five players . They would never issue a warning and apply a penalty point , because they know full well that you just ca n't do that type of thing , " Paire said . Djokovic , seeking to win the only grand slam that has eluded him , brushed off the challenge of Grigor Dimitrov as he beat Bulgaria 's rising star 6-2 6-2 6-3 . It came on the day that the Serbian tennis federation announced the death of the woman who discovered Djokovic as a six-year-old boy and coached him until he was 11 . Jelena Gencic , who also worked with grand slam champions Monica Seles and Goran Ivanisevic , was 77 when she passed away . Djokovic , who became the 40th player on the ATP Tour to register 500 career match wins , will next play German 16th seed Phillipp Kohlschreiber as he seeks to improve on last year 's final defeat to Nadal . World No. 9 Richard Gasquet kept alive France 's hopes of a first men 's title in 30 years , beating Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko 6-4 6-4 6-3 to earn a last-16 clash with Swiss ninth seed Stanislas Wawrinka . In the women 's draw , world No. 2 Maria Sharapova and third-ranked Victoria Azarenka reached the last 16 despite struggling with their serves . Defending champion Sharapova rallied from 4-1 down in the second set against Zheng Jie to beat China 's world No. 43 6-1 7-5 despite making 34 unforced errors in a match featuring 11 breaks of serve . The Russian will next play 20-year-old American Sloane Stephens , who reached the fourth round for the second successive season with a three-set victory over New Zealand 's Marina Erakovic . Stephens , who reached the semifinals of the Australian Open in January for her best career result , lost in straight sets to Sharapova in Rome last month . Former world No. 1 Azarenka beat France 's Alize Cornet 4-6 6-3 6-1 despite dropping serve six times . "  If I can win that match serving like this , that 's pretty remarkable , " said the Belorussian , who will next face 2010 champion Francesca Schiavone . The Italian , also the 2011 runner-up but now dropped to 50th in the rankings , crushed French 13th seed Marion Bartoli 6-2 6-1 . The U.S. will have four women in the fourth round of a grand slam for the first time since 2004 after Jamie Hampton and Bethanie Mattek-Sands joined world No. 1 Serena Williams and Stephens . Hampton , ranked 54th , upset Czech seventh seed Petra Kvitova 6-1 7-6  9-7  to earn a clash with Serbia 's former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic -- who eliminated Australia 's 2010 runner-up Sam Stosur despite losing the first set . Mattek-Sands followed up her win over China 's 2011 champion Li Na by beating Argentine qualifier Paula Ormaechea 4-6 6-1 6-3 to reach the last 16 for the first time , equaling her best showing in a grand slam . The 28-year-old will next play Russian 12th seed Maria Kirilenko , who beat Switzerland 's Stefanie Voegele 7-6  7-3  7-5 .	World No. 12 Janko Tipsarevic rants at spectators who he said were putting him off Serbian loses in the third round of the French Open to Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny World No. 1 Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal on course for semifinal clash Defending champion Maria Sharapova battles into last 16 of women 's draw
CNN  -- As a social network and identity platform , Google + has had a lukewarm reception . But the service has had a pair of breakout features : Hangouts and photos . Google announced updates to both tools on Tuesday in a San Francisco art gallery decorated in photos taken by Google + users . The company has spent the past two years forcefully pushing Google + into every nook and cranny of Google products . It says there are now 540 million active Google + users across Google , meaning they use some Google + - ified Google product in some way or another . The number of people actually opening up Google + and checking out its stream of posts is lower , at 300 million visitors a month . For comparison , Facebook has just more than 1 billion monthly active users . The problem with pictures One number that does pop out is the amount of photos people are sharing to the service . Google says 1.5 billion photographs are uploaded every week .  Facebook says it has about 2.4 billion a week , or 350 million a day . Digital photography and mobile devices with decent cameras have created a monster . People have thousands of photos , hours of videos , and not enough time to cut through the noise , edit and share images . "  Photography today is too hard , " said Google senior vice president of engineering Vic Gundotra at the press conference . "  People have beautiful treasures that have become stranded in these devices . " Google has been focusing on making tools that automate as much of the process as possible . Hobbyists and professional photographers might enjoy carefully editing images , but average people just want to share their best vacation or family photos and move on . When you upload photos to Facebook or Instagram , the images are compressed . For the people who use social media as a kind of backup , this can be a disadvantage down the line when they want a higher-resolution version of their image . Google + is automatically uploading images at their full resolution , and soon the feature will come to iOS . Auto highlights , which was first was announced at the Google i/o developers conference , digs through all your images and picks out the best shots , eliminating duplicates , looking for sharpness and good exposures , and finding people it knows are important to you . The search feature has added thousands of new automatic tags like waterfall , sunset and beach , as well as less obvious categories like "  hedgehog " and "  manicure . " That means you can search for pics of your daughter Sally in front a waterfall wearing sunglasses  and possibly holding a hedgehog  and get the exact images that fit that description . There are also improved editing features , like auto-enhance , which can be toggled to high or low . If you agree with Google 's taste in photos and editing tweaks , it can save you hours of work . Videos are even more labor-intensive than photos . The humbly named "  Auto Awesome Movie , " takes over in much the same way Apple 's iMovie automatically creates trailers . It can stabilize videos , sync the action with music tracks , add filters and edit clips together with minimal input from the user . "  This is not some little local client editing system , " said Gundotra . "  This is the power of Google -- of machine learning applied to photos and videos . " Hangouts are for texting and GIFs Hangouts is Google 's communication tool that dabbles in chatting , video conferencing and live broadcasting . Hangouts on Air is popular for politicians and celebrities who want to broadcast a live chat . President Barack Obama has done Q&A s using the tool in the past . Google added features to schedule and promote Hangouts On Air before they happen , more control for producers screening questions and moderating viewers , and auto-enhance features to improve video quality . Video calls are now higher quality and can go fullscreen . If you 'd like to make your call look more like an Instagram stream , you can add filters or auto-enhance . FInally , to fully cover all the communication options in chats , Google is adding SMS support so people can send text messages directly from the Hangouts app . Most important , Hangouts now support our most advanced method of communication , the animated GIF .  It already allowed the second-most advanced method , the emoji .	Google + is improving its photo editing features to cut down on time needed to share Hangouts are adding animated GIFs , full screen video chats and auto-enhance for video Photos and Hangouts are two of Google + 's biggest breakout features
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 10:30 a.m. ET Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A nationally syndicated columnist , Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says Lifeway Christian Stores should be given hell for its actions against GospelToday . CNN  -- In the 19 years that Teresa Hairston has published her magazine , GospelToday , she has never faced a major situation with Christian bookstores across the country that carry the publication . She 's tackled any number of issues over the years , and has featured a number of celebrities and ministers , ranging from Yolanda Adams to Bishop T.D. Jakes to Kirk Franklin . But when the Atlanta , Georgia , entrepreneur decided to feature five female pastors on her cover this month , she says , Lifeway Christian Stores treated her like she had converted her Christian publication to something akin to the tastes of porn purveyor Larry Flynt . Apparently , the owner of Lifeway , the Southern Baptist Convention , was n't too happy with Hairston telling the story of female pastors , because the women go against their 2000 decree that only men can serve in the role of reverend or pastor . According to Hairston , the Christian company did n't even give her the courtesy of a heads-up . "  We got an anonymous tip , " she told me Tuesday on The Tom Joyner Morning Show , and after checking it out , she discovered that the magazine had been removed from the shelves in all of Lifeway 's 100-plus stores nationwide and had been placed behind the counter . "  They have never called me , " Hairston said . "  Never sent an e-mail . Nothing . I had to go see my distributor to verify what they had done . " The actions of Lifeway did n't stun me . I had seen this movie before . A few years ago , my wife was a longtime Lifeway teacher . She had taught at the company 's teaching centers for years , but then one day , she was notified that she would have to take down her Web site and comply with their rules against female pastors or be dropped as a teacher . Her crime ? Calling herself the Rev. Jacquie Hood Martin . It was n't that she did so for the heck of it . She graduated from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary ; was the first female staff pastor at Houston 's Brookhollow Baptist Church/the Church Without Walls , a Southern Baptist Convention church ; and has been leading folks to the Lord all over the country for 20 years . She was angered by Lifeway 's decision but made it clear that she did n't serve the bookstore or even the Southern Baptist Convention . She made a commitment to serving Jesus Christ and was not about to back away from her call to ministry because a male-dominated organization decided that its interpretation of the Bible calls for a woman not to be in the pulpit . So she cut them off and kept on calling herself the Rev. Jacquie Hood Martin . Religious folks will quickly say that Scripture is clear that women ca n't be pastors and lead men , yet Hairston says that when she featured Pastor Paula White on her cover two years ago , Lifeway did n't take any action against the magazine . Anyone who has served in a church or been a member of any faith knows that there are those who have strict interpretations of their faith 's writings , while others have a different interpretation . I 've heard Brookhollow 's pastor , the Rev. Dr. Ralph Douglas West Sr. , preach several sermons stating that what Paul wrote in 2 Timothy with regards to only men preaching was specific to that church and not a blanket ban . Second , there were instances where Paul wrote that his views were his own and not mandates from God . That is a doctrinal fight that any of us can have any time  and I love it how these same Bible thumpers ignore the biblical story of Deborah , who was a judge in the Old Testament -- and was over men  . But what is a greater issue is that Lifeway clearly has no respect for freedom of the press . Here is arguably the top Christian bookstore in the country making a decision based on their teachings and applying it to a magazine . A spokesman for Lifeway Resources , which runs the stores , was quoted in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution last week as saying of female pastors , "  It is contrary to what we believe . " So does Lifeway and , by extension , the Southern Baptist Convention , fight vigorously for freedom of religion , but it does n't give a hoot about the other freedoms guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution ? I now wonder whether Lifeway makes it its business to cull through any number of magazines and search for stories that go against its doctrine and pull them from the shelves . This is the kind of nonsense that drives more people away from religion . I suppose it 's fitting that this story would come out the same time as Bill Maher releases his religious documentary , "  Religulous , " which skewers all the major religions for their dogma . I 'm sure he feasted on positions of the Southern Baptist Convention . The conduct of Lifeway and the Southern Baptist Convention is shameful , and they owe Hairston an apology for their actions . Yet she 's taken it in stride , saying that instead of giving the company hell , she 'll "  give them heaven . " I say , give them a lot of hell for this , because they deserve it for actions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Lifeway stores put Christian magazine behind counter Magazine featured female pastors on its cover Lifeway has no respect for freedom of the press , Martin says Lifeway , Southern Baptist Convention should apologize , he says
London , England  CNN  -- Not many people would see quadriplegia as a gift . But then , not many people are Paul Callahan . As a 21-year-old Harvard University student , Paul 's life was full of possibility . An undergraduate studying business at one of the best universities in the world , there was a lot to look forward to for the young man from Massachusetts . Then a freak accident changed everything . Paul slipped on a wet floor , breaking his neck and rendering him paralyzed from the chest down . He retained the use of his arms , but not his hands . Callahan spent the next five years traveling to rehabilitation centers across the United States in search of a way to walk again . When a doctor finally suggested it was time to concentrate on living instead of walking , Paul did exactly that . Almost 30 years later , the 55-year-old father of two is now set to represent the United States in sailing at the Paralympics . "  It 's an evolutionary process where you transition from one life to the other , " Paul told CNN . "  I never gave up moving forward . You can define that as walking or being a contributing member of society . At 26 I chose the later . " Golden hopes Next week Paul and his two team mates -- both amputees -- will take to a 24-foot boat for the three-person sailing event at the Paralympics . Skipper Paul drives the boat by wearing rollerblading gloves on his hands , attached to bicycle pedals . The pedals are in turn linked to a pulley system that steers the vessel . This will be Paul 's second Paralympics , after his debut at Sydney in 2000 . The U.S. team failed to win a medal , but as Paul admits he was still fresh to the sport . With a fifth place in the Disabled Sailing World Championships in Weymouth last year , this time gold is on the cards , he insists . Watch : Sailing for social change It would be an incredible achievement in a life already marked by success . Paul returned to Harvard in 1983 , becoming the first quadriplegic to graduate from the university . He then went on to work at Goldman Sachs as an asset manager for 15 years . "  Everyone is quite capable of doing much more than they think they can , " Paul said . "  Once they realize that fact , then the world becomes their oyster . " Sail to Prevail It was a chance sailing trip in 1995 that sparked Paul 's love for the sport -- and a new venture that would help thousands of disabled children . "  I got on a sailboat and looked back at my empty wheelchair on the dock , " Paul said . "  It was the first time in 15 years I was able to do something on my own . It was an incredible moment . " So inspiring was the experience , Callahan left his Wall Street job and took over Sail to Prevail -- a non-profit organization that teaches disabled children to sail . Watch : Sailing solo around the world From starting with eight children a year , the charity , based in Newport , Rhode Island , now helps around 1,000 youngsters annually . Their disabilities vary from spinal cord injuries to autism , and Paul says when he races for gold next month , it 'll be for them . "  When we get on the starting line against 14 other countries , I want to win a gold medal just as much as they do -- but I 've got an additional motivation , " he said . "  The better my team does , the more powerful impact it will have for Sail to Prevail . " The gift It is perhaps a testament to Paul 's mental strength that he views his disability as a special opportunity in life . "  I 've been given an extraordinary gift where I can affect people 's lives in ways other people ca n't . So I see it as a responsibility , " he said . There have been some dark moments Paul admits . But with his wife , Alisa , 9-year-old twin sons and the Paralympics on the horizon , what 's the point in dwelling on that instant he slipped on a wet floor ? "  I 've been very fortunate , " he said , adding : "  You 've only got a limited amount of time in life . So you may as well choose to put that towards positive effort , rather than squandering it on the negative . "	Quadriplegic Paul Callahan will represent the U.S. in sailing at Paralympics Broke his neck in freak accident when he was a 21-year-old undergrad at Harvard Went on to graduate from business school and work on Wall Street for 15 years Now CEO of Sail to Prevail , a sailing school for disabled children
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An Iraqi soldier fatally shot two American soldiers and wounded three others on Saturday , the U.S. military said . A man lies in a hospital after a roadside bombing near Kirkurk on Saturday . Three Iraqis were killed . The shooter was killed when U.S. soldiers returned fire , Maj. Derrick Cheng told CNN . The incident took place at a combat outpost just south of the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , where there has been a strong presence of anti-U.S. militants , and it underscored the dangers for U.S. troops and Iraqi security forces in that city . A second gunman also fired on other U.S. soldiers at the outpost and fled , said Cheng , a spokesman for the U.S.-led Multi National Division-North . Iraq 's Interior Ministry said the gunman was a soldier in training who was standing close to U.S. soldiers when he aimed his firearm at them and began shooting . There have been similar incidents of men in Iraqi security force uniforms in the Mosul area opening fire on U.S. troops . In February , insurgents dressed as Iraqi police officers killed a U.S. soldier and an interpreter in the city . Asked whether there seems to be a rise in such attacks , Cheng replied , "  We still view these as isolated incidents either by individuals posing as Iraqi Security Forces or members acting out on their own . " "  These events do not represent the overall relationship or partnership U.S. forces have with our Iraqi counterparts . " Overall , violence and attacks are down in Iraq , but despite improvements in the big picture , the U.S. military is concerned with hot spots such as Mosul . Maj. Gen. David Perkins , MNF-Iraq spokesman , told reporters on Friday that the city remains a danger . He said the U.S. military is studying whether American combat troops scheduled to withdraw from urban centers in Iraq by June 30 should actually remain in the diverse metropolis -- populated by Sunni Arabs , Kurds , Christians and others . Perkins said al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  militants "  are transitioning and becoming more and more concentrated ... mainly in Mosul and in Baghdad . " "  What we have always said with regards to al Qaeda is that strategically for AQI to win they have to win Baghdad and for them to survive they have to hold on to Mosul and you can see that by how they are conducting their attacks . " In the last couple of weeks , he said , militants have focused their activity on Baghdad , and attacks in Mosul have dropped somewhat . "  But there is still a lot activity . This is probably the main area we are looking at that could possibly result in U.S. forces being there , " he said of Mosul . "  Probably more so than any other place . " "  Of all the places in Iraq , it is the area that you would most likely possibly see a very similar U.S. presence to what you see now . But only if Iraqis want that . " U.S. troop fatalities in Iraq last month reached 18 , the highest of the year . However , the number of monthly Iraqi troop deaths have plummeted since earlier in the war . Also on Saturday , Iranian forces targeting Kurdish rebels shelled a village in Iraq , an official from Iraq 's Kurdish region said . Forces used helicopters to attack the village and shelled it with artillery . The village is just over the Iranian border in Iraq 's Sulaimaniya province -- a Kurdish region . No casualties were reported . Iran and Turkey long have targeted Kurdish separatist rebels operating in northern Iraq . Meanwhile in Kirkuk , in northern Iraq , three civilians were killed and three others were wounded when a roadside bomb struck their vehicle on Saturday , police said . It is not known who the bomb might have been targeting , but the incident reflects the hostilities in the oil-rich and ethnically diverse city .	NEW : U.S. military : Gunman who killed 2 U.S. troops , wounded 3 was Iraqi soldier Iraqi officials say shooter was soldier-in-training who opened fire at a training facility Shootings underscore the dangers for U.S. troops and Iraqi security forces in Mosul Iranian forces attacked Kurdish village in Iraq ; 3 civilians killed in Kirkuk
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli officials are seeking a meeting with Turkey 's ambassador to protest a show on Turkish television that reportedly depicts Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian children . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman says the Turkish TV show "  is being done with state sponsorship . " Turkey has been Israel 's strongest Muslim ally in the Middle East , and the move comes as relations between the countries have soured in recent days over the latter 's decision to exclude Israel from scheduled military exercises . The Turkish TV show "  constitutes the most serious level of incitement , and it is being done with state sponsorship , " Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in a statement . The show aired this week on Turkey 's state-run TRT-1 network . It shows an actor dressed as an Israeli soldier shooting what appears to be an unarmed Palestinian girl . In another sequence , an Israeli soldier opens fire on an infant being held by what appears to be a family member . "  Such a series which bears no connection whatsoever to reality , presenting IDF -LSB- Israel Defense Forces -RSB- soldiers as murderers of innocent children , should not be broadcast even in hostile states -- and certainly not in a state that maintains full diplomatic relations with Israel , " Lieberman said . The show called "  Ayrilik " is billed on the TRT Web site as the "  first time a TV series shows the ongoing , bleeding wound of the world which is taking place on Palestinian lands . It shows the painful stories of the people who lived on invaded Palestinian lands in 1948 , especially women and children . " Israel and Turkey have enjoyed close military and economic ties for more than a decade . But relations have grown testy at times in recent years over Israel 's activities in the Palestinian territories and over its Gaza offensive in December and January . On Tuesday , a senior U.S. military official said Turkey 's decision this week to postpone a NATO war exercise appears to have been a political decision intended to exclude the Israelis . The official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss the issue publicly , said U.S. officials were uncomfortable about excluding Israel and so welcomed postponing the maneuvers in which U.S. military units were scheduled to participate . The exercises were to start Monday and run through October 23 . Turkish lawmaker Suat Kiniklioglu , deputy chairman of the external affairs committee for the ruling Justice and Development Party , said that it is n't "  state policy for Turkish television to portray Israel badly . " He said the television network contracts with private producers . "  It 's probably some producer who is trying to tap into popular reaction against israel , trying to make money off it , " said Kiniklioglu , who has not seen the program . Kiniklioglu said it "  would not be wrong to say Turkish-Israeli relations have become much more fragile " after Gaza , commenting on the exclusion of Israel from military exercises . "  This is basically all about Gaza . ... The humanitarian crisis is continuing and Prime Minister -LSB- Recep Tayyip -RSB- Erdogan is upset about it . " Alon Liel , Israel 's top diplomat in Turkey during the 1980s , said he believes the relations between the two countries are in crisis . "  This unbelievable attack on the Israeli army is in the country that in the last 15 years was probably the closest to our army , so it 's a major surprise , a major change , " Liel said . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Turkish TV show reportedly shows Israeli soliders killing young Palestinians Israeli official says show "  constitutes the most serious level of incitement " Israeli officials seek a meeting with Turkey 's ambassador to protest show Ties between nations strained after Turkey excludes Israel from military exercises
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Lawyers for former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn urged a judge on Wednesday to dismiss a civil suit brought against him by the New York hotel housekeeper who accused him of assaulting her last year . The case "  must be dismissed , " asserted lawyer Amit Mehta , because Strauss-Kahn enjoyed diplomatic immunity as an "  executive of a multilateral organization . " Judge Douglas McKeon told the Bronx courtroom that he would "  expeditiously issue a decision " deciding whether the case could proceed . Strauss-Kahn headed the IMF , an international organization consisting of 187 member-states with headquarters in Washington , D.C. . The IMF provides loans to countries that are suffering economic difficulties . He resigned his position soon after his arrest by New York police in May 2011 , when he was charged with criminally assaulting a housekeeper in a Manhattan hotel suite . The housekeeper , Nafissatou Diallo , accused Strauss-Kahn of attempting to rape her when she walked into his suite . Police subsequently removed him from an Air France flight about to depart New York 's Kennedy Airport and jailed him before his arraignment in criminal court . The arrest of such a high-profile international political figure who was preparing a presidential run in his native France sparked worldwide media interest . But , the criminal case against Strauss-Kahn was later dropped by New York prosecutors , because of credibility issues they cited in Diallo 's account . The interesting life of Dominique Strauss-Kahn In August , Diallo 's lawyers served Strauss-Kahn with a civil suit seeking damages stemming from the alleged assault in the hotel . Lawyer Douglas Wigdor told the court Wednesday that Strauss-Kahn "  brutally sexually assaulted " Diallo , arguing that Strauss-Kahn does not enjoy blanket diplomatic immunity from civil action . As head of the IMF , Strauss-Kahn did enjoy some immunity , but a key sticking point is whether it extended to situations beyond his official duties . "  Immunity is only provided for official actions , " argued Wigdor . "  Absolute immunity does not apply to all situations . " Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers did not invoke his immunity from prosecution during the criminal case . Wigdor ridiculed the fact that they would invoke it in the civil case , but not the criminal case as "  piecemeal immunity . " But , Mehta countered that Strauss-Kahn was eager to assert his innocence in the criminal proceedings , and so he did n't invoke whatever immunity he enjoyed as IMF chief . In the months following the hotel accusation last year , other allegations surfaced . Anne Mansouret , a Socialist member of the French parliament , said Strauss-Kahn had attacked her daughter . A complaint was filed , alleging a 2002 attack , though it could not be pursued because the statute of limitations had expired . Currently , Strauss-Kahn faces another legal battle -- this time the case centers on an investigation into a high-profile prostitution network operating out of luxury hotels in the French city of Lille . Strauss-Kahn has been formally warned by French authorities that he is under investigation for "  aggravated pimping , " and has been released on 100,000-euro bail . CNN 's Simon Rushton contributed to this report .	Dominique Strass-Kahn was head of the International Money Fund Criminal charges that he assaulted a New York hotel housekeeper were dropped But the housekeeper filed a civil suit His lawyers argue that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity , and the suit should be dismissed
Australian textbook rental startup Zookal will begin utilizing drones to make its deliveries in Australia next year , with ambitions of bringing the unique , unmanned delivery method to U.S. customers by 2015 . The company says this marks the first commercial use of fully automated drones worldwide . It will fulfill deliveries in Sydney using six drones to start , dropping off textbook purchases at an outdoor location of the customer 's choosing . To wipe away any potential privacy or surveillance fears , the drones are n't equipped with cameras . Instead , built-in anti-collision technology keeps them clear of trees , buildings , birds , and other potential obstacles . Both the location of the user and the drone 's GPS coordinates are transmitted via a smartphone app , and Zookal claims deliveries can be completed in as little as two to three minutes once a drone takes flight . You can track the drone 's progress from the app  which will only be available on Android at launch  and head outside once it 's getting close . The drone never fully lowers itself to ground level , but rather hovers overhead and lowers its textbook delivery with the tap of a button on your smartphone . Watch : Flirtey Zookal flies "  As one of the few countries in the world to allow commercial drone activities , Australia is uniquely placed to create a new drone industry and shape the development of regulations in this space , " said Zookal CEO Ahmed Haider . Flirtey , the company that 's providing the drones for Zookal 's ambitious plan , is in the process of seeking regulatory approval with Australia 's Civil Aviation Safety Authority  CASA  . A test flight is slated for November , and if all goes according to plan , proper commercial deliveries will begin in March . The FAA will need first need to outline a clear policy for commercial drone usage before such a system can make its way to the US , something it hopes to do in 2015 .	Textbook supplier Zookal will start to use unmanned drones in Australia next year Smartphone users in Sydney can order books to be delivered directly to them Plans to make service available in U.S.
CNN  -- Somewhere out there , a lucky person -- or two -- may be walking around with a ticket to easy street in his or her pocket , purse or sock drawer . The Powerball numbers are out . Time to check and see if you made the lucky pick that will change your life forever . That would be : 58 , 5 , 25 , 59 , 30 ... and Powerball number 32 . If you bought a ticket , your chances of cracking Wednesday night 's $ 448 million Powerball jackpot are 1 in 175 million . But who cares about odds , when you 've actually won almost the equivalent of the net worth of Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods ?  According to Forbes Magazine . The size of U.S. lottery jackpots are growing , with almost no end in sight . "  You could see maybe in the next several years ... an elusive billion-dollar jackpot , " said Victor Matheson , economics professor at College of the Holy Cross in Massachusetts . If no one has the winning combo , the prize will be an estimated $ 600 million for Saturday 's drawing , according to the Multi-State Lottery Association . Powerball is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 . The largest lottery jackpot in U.S. history was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split among three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . In case you do win it all Wednesday night , a $ 245 million lump sum can give you some choices . How about nearly 100 high-speed Bugatti Veyrons ? You can run away from all those relatives and friends asking for a loan . CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	NEW : The lucky numbers are : 58 , 5 , 25 , 59 , 30 ... and Powerball number 32 Powerball jackpot at $ 425 million It will soar to $ 600 million if no one has the ticket
CNN  -- We are in the middle of a fight to preserve the dignity and grace that makes all of us Americans . We have big hearts and great souls . I know . I have seen them , felt them and watched them in wonder when my family was lost and unreachable in the wake of Hurricane Katrina . I cried , worrying for those I loved , heartbroken by what happened to our beloved Louisiana . And in the middle of that tough moment , the decency of people shone through in e-mails , phone calls and in person . Everybody was saying the same thing : "  How can I help ? " This is what we do in times of struggle . We offer our hand and our love to pull someone up who 's been knocked down by hard times and despair . It 's just a fundamental rule in life and in any fight ; you do n't kick people when they 're down . But for some reason , this principle has been lost on the 217 members of the House of Representatives who decided to lace up some combat boots with rough , crushing soles to kick and kick again the 48 million Americans who count on food stamps . I am not going to mince words . When the House voted to cut $ 40 billion to the food stamp program over the next 10 years , that was n't an example of government tightening its belt or making tough choices . That vote was n't a philosophy or an ideology about governing . Pure and simple , it was a heartless act . It was cruel . It was kicking millions of our families , neighbors and friends when they are down . And the people who work for a living in this country are down . Let 's take a walk through the facts of what 's happened to them during the Great Recession and this nonrecovery of the economy . The median family net worth dropped from $ 126,400 in 2007 to $ 77,300 in 2010 , according to the Federal Reserve . It gets worse . Median family income fell from $ 49,600 in 2007 to $ 45,800 in 2010 .  These are the latest available figures  . "  The Fed  Federal Reserve  found that middle-class families had sustained the largest percentage losses in both wealth and income during the crisis , limiting their ability and willingness to spend , " according to The New York Times . For 30 years , wages have flat-lined or declined for most workers , particularly in the past 10 years , as low-paying jobs replace middle-income paying jobs . In 2009 , only half of the country had any assets , and those numbers have gotten worse during the last three years . And here 's the kicker . Today -- based on wage levels -- half of Americans live in poverty or near poverty . The gap between the well-to-do and everybody else is widening alarmingly . Probably everyone reading this knows someone who is striving mightily , working two jobs and cutting expenses to the bone while barely making ends meet . To be considered poor by federal standards , a family of four must make less than $ 23,550 a year . A person must make less than $ 11,490 . For the unemployed and the millions who have been looking for work for six months or more , the struggle is many times harder and uglier . Ask any worker at Starbucks , Cosi , McDonald 's or Walmart , "  How many jobs do you have ? " and likely he or she will tell you : "  Two . " I know colleagues who 've had breakfast at one store , and gone to lunch in another , only to find the same person waiting on them . One young woman I heard about gets up at 4 a.m. for her first job and ends her day at 10 p.m. at her second job . The average allotment of food stamps is $ 133 a person a month . Let me tell you something I can pretty much bet my house on -- that woman is not using her food stamp card to buy lobsters and caviar . She 's quietly going to the food pantry , checking the sales in the grocery store , spending some time at the kitchen table clipping coupons and making a serious plan to turn that box of pasta , pound of beef , and if she 's lucky , some fresh fruits and vegetables , into a meal plan truly worthy of a Gucci belt . Is there fraud ? Yes . Is there some waste ? Yes . But today , the food stamp program has an error rate of only 3 % -- and those errors were mostly committed by the government in underpayments as well as overpayments and payments to ineligible families . Fraud is a piece of grain compared with the millions of families who manage to put food on the table because of this program . And those few bad apples who do commit fraud are no excuse to kick the unemployed and the poor when they are engaged in a mighty battle to get themselves and their families back on their feet . So shame on this Congress for fighting dirty during working people 's hour of struggle . Polls show Americans have n't approved much of Congress lately . But there is a way to gain favor . If this Congress wants to make cuts , why not look at the Pentagon , notorious for waste ? Or check out the Department of Agriculture , which made about $ 28 million in inappropriate farm assistance payments , according to a compilation of government waste reported in Business Insider . Or perhaps lawmakers could start with themselves ? Rep. Jackie Speier , D-California , tried to shame her colleagues into cutting less from the food stamp program  called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP  . Speaking of representatives who would vote to take food from America 's tables , she said , "  Some of these same members travel to foreign countries under the guise of official business . They dine at lavish restaurants , eating steak , vodka and even caviar . " Speier talked about 20 members of Congress who traveled to Ireland and got a daily food allowance of $ 166 . The average amount a family member gets on food stamps is less than $ 4 a day . And The Des Moines Register reported that Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , received $ 3,588 in taxpayer funds for both food and lodging during a six-day trip to Russia . The Register urged King to try the "  SNAP Challenge " and live on $ 4 a day . He could even try it in Russia . Yet our representatives , one after the other , mostly Republicans , stepped onto the House floor to speak and vote in the name of saving money for the taxpayer . They went after the poor , the unemployed , the single mom , the single dad , the grandparents -- all those people who are trying to make it work . Well , they did n't just do wrong ; they are wrong . I urge the Senate to restore every single dime to the food stamp program . I applaud the president for saying that he 'll veto these cuts . We 're lacing up our shoes , too , but we 're going to fight these merciless cuts with the golden rule . You know why ? "  Do unto others " trumps "  kick 'em when they 're down " every time . The American people are decent and fair . It 's time to stand tall for this essential program for millions . It 's time and our might will make this right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Americans are generous and help people who are down on their luck Brazile : Lawmakers will take food from poor Americans by cutting food stamps Half of American live in or near poverty , she says , and food stamps help stave off hunger Lawmakers should cut their own lavish expense accounts for steak and wine , she says
Washington  CNN  -- Most Americans -- and most American Catholics -- think Pope Benedict XVI has done a bad job of dealing with the problem of sexual abuse by Catholics priests , according to a new national poll . CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey results released Friday also indicate that recent revelations about that matter have hurt the pope 's standing with the public . Fifty-nine percent of American Catholics questioned in the poll have a favorable view of the pope , down 19 points from February . Among all Americans , the slippage is even greater : from 59 percent in February to just 35 percent today . "  Only a quarter of U.S. Catholics have an unfavorable view of the pope , but they do n't seem satisfied with his track record on the growing and persistent scandal within the church , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . According to the survey , 56 percent of U.S. Catholics disapprove of how Pope Benedict XVI has dealt with the problem of sexual abuse committed by priests ; only about one in three Catholics has a positive view of how he has dealt with that subject . An even larger number -- 74 percent -- disapproves of how the church overall has handled that matter . Pope Benedict XVI called for "  penitence " Thursday for the church 's "  sins " amid the sex abuse scandal that has embroiled the Roman Catholic Church , according to Italy 's official news agency . Allegations against the church have piled up this year across Europe , including in Austria , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Spain and Switzerland . Pope Benedict XVI has found himself tied to the crisis after news broke last month that 30 years ago , when he was an archbishop , he approved accommodations in his diocese for a priest accused of child sex abuse so the priest could undergo therapy . The priest , who was not identified , was let go from church service in 2008 , according to church officials in Germany . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted April 9-11 , with 1,008 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points and plus or minus 6.5 percentage points for the 231 American Catholics questioned . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	59 percent of American Catholics polled have favorable view of pope But 56 percent disapprove of how he has dealt with abuse reports Allegations against church have piled up across Europe recently
CNN  -- A search is under way in Kansas for an 18-month-old girl whose mother was found dead along with two others this week . Three homicide victims were found at a farm in Ottawa , Kansas , on Monday , but they were not identified until Wednesday . The Franklin County Sheriff 's Office confirmed that one of the victims , 21-year-old Kaylie Bailey , had been reported missing last week along with her daughter , whose whereabouts remain unknown . Bailey , and her daughter , Lana , were last seen on April 28 at the farm , Richards said . The Kansas Bureau of Investigation released conflicting information , saying the mother and daughter were last seen on May 1 on the way to the farm . The pair was reported missing on May 3 by family members . "  Our priority is finding Lana , " Sheriff Jeff Richards said Wednesday . The toddler has light brown hair and blue eyes , officials said . She is 2 feet tall and weighs about 30 pounds . Days after the bodies were found and the girl reported missing , police have made no arrests . Investigators have multiple leads , the sheriff said , adding that deputies have interviewed a person of interest . "  We have three homicide victims that need justice and so do their families , and so we are going to continue to process through this investigation ; we are going to continue to follow up on leads , " Richards said . Investigators recovered Bailey 's car in Emporia , more than 50 miles west of where the bodies were found . The other two homicide victims were identified as Andrew Stout , 30 , and Steven White , 31 . Bailey and Stout were friends and worked together as security guards , CNN affiliate KSHB reported . Stout and White lived at the property where their bodies were found .	Kansas authorities are searching for a missing toddler Her mother was found dead at a farm in rural Kansas Two other homicide victims were found with her No arrests have been made ; mother 's car found
Washington  CNN  -- Although all 435 House seats are up in November 's midterms , redistricting has reduced the number of swing races and made it easier for political watchers to keep up with those seats truly up for grabs . But redistricting has made it more difficult for Democrats to retake control of the chamber for the first time since 2010 . With fewer seats in play , they must capture 17 held by Republicans . Adding to the challenge for Democrats is that a traditionally older midterm electorate tends to favor Republicans . Regardless , they are still making a play and Republicans are defending their turf . Here are 5 key races to watch : 5 Senate races to watch in 2014 Florida 13 Take a vacant House seat in a swing district in a purple state and you get what many see as a March 11 special election that could serve as a bellwether for midterms . The national political spotlight will shine on the 13th Congressional District race to fill the remainder of the term of Republican Rep. Bill Young of Florida , who died in October . The district covers most of Pinellas County and parts of St. Petersburg and it 's up for grabs : While Young grabbed 58 % of the vote in his 2012 re-election , President Barack Obama narrowly carried the district . Obama also won it 2008 , grabbing 51 % support . "  It almost goes without saying , but this is the type of seat and race Democrats have to win in order to have any chance of gaining the 17 seats they need in 2014 to get back to the majority , " wrote Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report . Alex Sink , the former chief financial officer of Florida and the 2010 Democratic gubernatorial nominee , is her party 's consensus candidate . David Jolly , who served as a former general counsel for Young and also worked as a lobbyist , will face off against state Sen. Kathleen Peters in the January 14 Republican primary . Arizona 2 A rematch in swing district in southern Arizona will receive plenty of national media attention in 2014 . Democratic Rep. Ron Barber is running for re-election in the Tucson area district that he won by less than 2,500 votes in 2012 . Barber will face off against the same Republican challenger he edged out last time - retired Air Force Col. Martha McSally . The top 12 campaign questions of 2014 While Barber came out on top in the 2012 contest , GOP nominee Mitt Romney narrowly captured Arizona 's 2nd Congressional District in the presidential election . It 's been in the headlines the past four years . Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords pushed back against the GOP wave in the 2010 midterms and won re-election . But two months later , Giffords was seriously hurt in a shooting that left six people dead . She left Congress in 2012 . Barber , a top Giffords aide and who was also injured in the shooting , won the special election to succeed her . Democrats are determined to keep the seat , but Republicans see it as a prime pickup opportunity . Massachusetts 6 This is a race in the Northeast that could produce a lot of intrigue . Incumbent John Tierney has held the solidly Democratic Massachusetts seat since 1997 , but nearly lost it in 2012 after his wife 's conviction for her role in her brother 's illegal gambling venture . Displeased Democrats saw an opening after Tierney 's narrow victory , so now he faces a primary test from Seth Moulton , a Marine who served four tours in Iraq and has been able to raise a significant amount of money . The primary winner could face Tierney 's rival last time out , Republican Richard Tisei . He is a longtime state legislator and would be the first openly gay member of the GOP to be elected to Congress . Mostly ignored , shifts emerge in the politics of poverty Idaho 2 There is no question that a Republican is going to win this race but who will it be ? The contest in Idaho 's 2nd Congressional District illustrates the deep friction within the Republican Party . Incumbent Mike Simpson has served in the House for 14 years , leads an Appropriations subcommittee , and is a close friend of Speaker John Boehner . But the tea party wing of the GOP wants him out . The influential outside group , Club for Growth , has listed Simpson as one of its primary targets . One of the many things it does n't like about him is his vote to reopen the government following the 16-day shutdown in October . The group is backing tea party activist and Idaho Falls attorney Bryan Smith . But Simpson has his friends . The Main Street Partnership , run by former Rep. Steve LaTourette , has vowed to spend $ 1 million dollars helping him win re-election . When moderates fight back : GOP civil war could be brutal in 2014 elections "  This May 2014 GOP primary has already turned into an all-out proxy war between the GOP 's ideological purists like the Club for Growth . . . and Speaker John Boehner , " Cook Political Report wrote . This is likely to be one of the most expensive - and closely watched - primary House races . California 10 This electoral mood in the central California district currently favors Republican incumbent Jeff Denham . But this race is interesting because it could be closely tied to what happens -- or does n't happen -- in Washington this year . The 10th Congressional District includes the city of Modesto and parts of the San Joaquin Valley . It is largely farm land . More than 40 % of its residents are Latino , so immigration reform is going likely to be a critical factor for these residents . 4 ways immigration reform could happen - or not Denham has been pushing fellow House Republicans to take up the issue but its fate is uncertain . Bee farmer Michael Eggman has already jumped in the race , running as a Democrat , and Denham 's 2012 challenger , Jose Hernandez , the first Latino NASA astronaut in space , could also be a factor . While Obama won the district with just over 50 % of the vote , Cook Political Report predicts the electorate will be more Republican in a non-election year . Honorable mention ... Utah 4 The election in Utah 's 4th Congressional District will be in the national spotlight not because it 's considered a close contest - it 's not - but because of the candidate who 's expected to come out on top come November . Republican Mia Love , an African-American Mormon , lost the 2012 race in the district that stretches from central Utah to the southern suburbs of Salt Lake City to longtime Democratic Rep. Jim Matheson by less than 800 votes . Love , who had the support of tea party activists and other grassroots conservatives , was featured prominently by the national party with a prime speaking slot at the 2012 GOP convention . Love announced in 2013 that she would once again challenge Matheson . But last month , Matheson announced he would retire at the end of his term , making Love the instant frontrunner . If everything goes as scripted , the House will say hello to its first-ever black female Republican . Your district Want to know who his running for your district 's House seat ? Go to Democracy.com and type in your zip code . All of the candidates will be listed .	All 435 House seats are up in midterms and Democrats must win 17 GOP seats to regain control The tea party is mounting a challenge against senior Republicans Democrats wo n't have the down-ballot help from President Obama this election
LONDON , England  CNN  -- -- Predatory mice are critically threatening the albatross population on a remote South Atlantic island and have caused the birds ' worst nesting season on record , a British bird charity said Thursday . Tristran albatross chicks are in danger from non-native house mice . The research from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds indicates bad news for the Tristan albatross , whose only home is Gough Island in the middle of the South Atlantic . House mice not native to the island are threatening the Tristan albatross with extinction , the RSPB said . The mice are also threatening the native population of bunting , one of the world 's largest finches , the RSPB said . "  Without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , " Grahame Madge , a conservation spokesman for the RSPB , told CNN . The mice on the island eat the chicks of the albatross and bunting before they make it to the fledgling stage , the RSPB said . This makes it especially difficult for the albatross population to survive because the birds lay eggs only once every two years -- a very low reproductive rate compared to other birds , Madge said . "  What  the mice  are affecting is ability of the albatross to produce enough young to sustain the population , " he said . Adult Tristan albatross are threatened by longline fishing at sea , a practice in which boats put up numerous 100-meter-long fishing lines baited with squid or fish . The albatrosses are attracted to the bait and while some manage to steal it successfully , many more get snagged and drown , Madge said . Because of the impact from house mice , introduced to the island by sealers in the 18th and 19th centuries , conservation alliance BirdLife International earlier this year listed both the Tristan albatross and the Gough bunting as critically endangered -- the highest threat level before extinction . Gough Island , a British territory almost midway between Argentina and South Africa , is a place of stunning natural beauty . Its green mountain slopes , topped with snow at its highest points , stretch into the deep blue sea . The island is not inhabited by humans . Gough Island and nearby Inaccessible Island are both listed as UNESCO World Heritage sites . A survey of the albatross on Gough Island in January showed 1,764 adults incubating eggs , the RSPB said . A later survey revealed only 246 chicks had survived to fledgling . "  We 've known for a long time that the mice were killing albatross chicks in huge numbers , " said RSPB scientist Richard Cuthbert , who recently visited the island to assess the problem . "  However , we now know that the albatrosses have suffered their worst year on record . " The bunting suffer because the mice eat their eggs and chicks , and may also compete with them for food in the winter , Cuthbert said . "  The decline in bunting numbers is alarming , " said Peter Ryan of the University of Cape Town , who has been studying buntings on the island since the 1980s . "  Without urgent conservation action to remove the mice , both the albatross and the bunting are living on borrowed time . " The RSPB has been studying whether it is possible to remove the mice . It said trials so far look promising , but it urged the British government to step up funding for the project . It said eradicating the mice from Gough Island would solve the primary conservation threat facing both bird species . The RSPB said it has been working with New Zealand conservationists on a program to remove the smaller mice by dropping poisoned bait from helicopters . Tristan albatrosses are one of 22 species of albatross in the world . Albatrosses principally live in the southern Atlantic but some also live in the northern Pacific , the RSPB says . Albatrosses are among the largest flying birds , weighing up to 25 pounds  22.5 kilograms  . One species -- the wandering albatross -- has a wingspan of 11 feet , the RSPB says . The birds can fly thousands of miles without a pause , and their only need to touch land is to nest and raise their young , the RSPB says .	House mouse is threatening survival of Tristan albatross and Gough bunting Birds live on remote Gough Island in southern Atlantic Wildlife charities looking at removing or culling mice population
CNN  -- At least three people died when a suicide bomb exploded near Afghanistan 's Kandahar airfield Thursday , hours after U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta had left the city . One American was killed and three others were wounded , Panetta said . Two Afghan civilians were killed and 18 others were wounded , said Jawid Faisal , a spokesman for the governor of Kandahar province , in the country 's violent southern region . The attack struck an MRAP , the acronym for a Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle used by U.S. forces , as it was about to enter the base . The Taliban claimed responsibility , the group 's spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said in an e-mail CNN obtained . He wrote that a "  brave Taliban fighter " carried out the attack . The e-mail did not specify whether the explosion was connected to Panetta 's visit . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? The defense secretary 's delegation was never in danger , said a U.S. official traveling with Panetta . The bomb went off about 5 p.m. local time and targeted "  a foreign forces convoy . " Coalition spokesman Lt. Col. Hagen Messer confirmed the bombing , saying International Security Assistance Force investigators were at the scene . "  I do n't know at this point if this was in any way linked to our visit , " said the U.S. official traveling with Panetta . Pentagon press secretary George Little confirmed that the explosion from was a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device , a term used for a car bomb . President Barack Obama and Panetta invited Afghan President Harmid Karzai to visit Washington early next year to discuss the volatile security situation . Panetta said Karzai appeared willing to visit but did n't say whether the president accepted the invitation . Panetta made the comments after meeting with Karzai in Kabul , and a U.S. official released a formal statement about that possible visit , which may come in January . What does the future hold for Afghanistan ? Karzai and Obama "  look forward to discussing a shared vision of Afghanistan beyond 2014 , " the statement read . The meeting will be an important opportunity to discuss implementation of the strategic partnership signed by the two leaders about U.S. military presence in the country , it explained . "  As we consider our post-2014 military and civilian presence , it is important that we work closely with President Karzai to understand his views about how we can best support his country while we pursue our core objectives and responsibly wind down the war , " the statement said . "  As  President Obama  has already made clear , any U.S. presence would only be at the invitation of the Afghan government and aimed at training Afghan Forces and targeting the remnants of al-Qaeda . "	One American , two Afghans died in attack near airfield U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta left Kandahar hours before blast "  Brave Taliban fighter " detonated the bomb , the group says Panetta , Obama invited Karzai to visit Washington early next year
Travel + Leisure  -- Convenient as they are for a quick bite , hotel restaurants can get a bad rap for uninspired menus and bland atmosphere -- sometimes , deservedly so . But there 's been a countervailing trend gathering strength since the mid - '90s , and some of the hottest restaurants are now opening in hotels , proving to be destinations for locals and tourists alike . As Spanish chef José Andrés says , with "  so many great dining and drinking experiences in hotels , it is bringing back a golden age when hotels were the only places to meet out for a dinner . " Travel + Leisure : See more of America 's hottest hotel restaurants Savvy hoteliers like Ian Schrager , Andre Balazs , and Steve Wynn were among the pioneers , seeing the possibility of luring guests with high-concept design and high-caliber culinary talent . "  Vegas had a lot to do with it , " says Charlie Palmer , who has seven hotel restaurants . "  They wanted the branding , not just someone to cook . They realized a lot of people travel by their stomachs , and a great restaurant from a well-known chef not only offers a great dining experience , it brings notoriety to a hotel . " 10 of America 's best historic restaurants For chef Daniel Humm , of the three-Michelin-starred Eleven Madison Park , opening a new restaurant at the NoMad Hotel in New York stoked his creativity . "  We had the opportunity to think about the kinds of things people want to eat while they 're reading in the hotel library or soaking in a luxurious bathtub , things we had never done before , " he says . Travel + Leisure : World 's top revolving restaurants Creating a distinctive identity can be crucial to a hotel restaurant 's success . At New York 's Locanda Verde , chef and restaurateur Andrew Carmellini insisted on a separate street entrance  "  No one wants to walk through a lobby to get to a restaurant , " he says  and contrasting music and décor . He says that , as a result , "  the place feels authentic , like it has soul . " Carmellini followed up Locanda Verde with another buzzed-about hotel restaurant : The Dutch at the W South Beach Hotel & Residences . Let 's face it : no one , even a jet-lagged , hungry traveler , wants to eat at a restaurant jam-packed with tourists . Travelers today seek experiences rooted in a place -- and that 's the goal of many of these new hotel restaurants , including a newcomer at Atlanta 's InterContinental Hotel Buckhead that takes southern comfort foods to a new level . "  I really believe this is the future of our industry , " says Wolfgang Puck , who certainly helped fuel the trend ; his latest in the revamped Hotel Bel-Air brings his hotel restaurant count to 16 . "  A great hotelier , a great restaurateur : it 's the perfect marriage . " Travel + Leisure : America 's best brunches China Poblano , Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Chef José Andrés ' casual outpost unites Chinese and Mexican food under one high-design roof . Here , ceviche and 10 varieties of tacos perfectly coexist with har gau  shrimp dumplings  and hand-cut noodles . 3708 Las Vegas Blvd. . S. ; 702/698 -7900 ; dinner for two $ 80 . Must-try dish : Like Water for Chocolate , a fanciful combination of fried quail , rose petals , and chestnut and dragon fruit sauce , $ 15 ; cosmopolitanlasvegas.com . The Dutch , W South Beach , Miami At his second Dutch outpost  the NYC original debuted in 2011  , chef Andrew Carmellini uses Floridian ingredients in his inventive seafood dishes  the cornmeal-dusted-oyster sandwiches are addictive  . Old-timey ephemera , including vintage cookware , adorn the airy dining room . Must-try dish : The homemade salted lime pie , inspired by a recipe Carmellini used to make with his grandmother , $ 12 ; starwoodhotels.com . Redd Wood at the North Block Hotel , Yountville , CA Chef Richard Reddington 's new , casual pizzeria holds its own in an intimidating , if picturesque , neighborhood  French Laundry is just down the street  . The menu changes daily but always includes a mix of house-cured meats , homemade pastas , and wood-fired pizzas . The recipe for a perfect afternoon : a seat in the alfresco stone courtyard , a slice of pie , and a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon grown nearby . Must-try dish : Bucatini pasta , topped with tomato , guanciale , and black pepper , $ 14 ; redd-wood . com . Travel + Leisure : Best hotels in Washington , DC Borgne at Hyatt Regency , New Orleans Chefs Brian Landry  formerly of Galatoire 's  and John Besh are behind this coastal Louisiana-focused restaurant , which is named after the lake both fished in while growing up . The $ 10 daily lunch special -- local white shrimp and white bean stew on Friday , alligator sauce picante on Saturday -- is one of the tastiest deals in town . Must-try dish : Blue crabmeat croquetas , $ 8 ; borgnerestaurant.com . Morimoto at the Modern Honolulu Masaharu Morimoto -- a.k.a. the Iron Chef -- takes advantage of super-fresh seafood sourced from Hawaiian and Japanese waters at this , his fourth hotel restaurant . For breakfast , do n't miss the LocoMoto , Morimoto 's take on the iconic Hawaiian dish , made with Wagyu beef  an upgrade from the usual hamburger  , a sunny-side-up egg , and hayashi gravy . In the evening , turn yourself over to the chef and splurge on the Morimoto Omakase , a parade of seven courses that best highlight the day 's freshest ingredients and the kitchen 's ingenuity . Must-try dish : Toro tartare with wasabi , Maui onion , and dashi soy , $ 28 ; morimotowaikiki.com . Slopes by Talisker at the Waldorf-Astoria Park City , UT Slopes brings spa cuisine into the mainstream with healthy dishes that appeal to both carnivores and vegans . Almost everything is made from scratch , from the biscuits to the corned beef hash . You do n't need to be gluten-free to savor dishes like a "  display of winter beets " drizzled with pistachio-dill pesto . In a nod to its ski town locale , the dining room goes for a sophisticated mountain-lodge look  saddle leather and mohair-upholstered chairs and wooden antler horns  . Must-try dish : The tuna paillard appetizer , served with shaved butternut squash , pine nuts , and habanero-garlic vinaigrette , $ 16 ; parkcitywaldorfastoria.com . Southern Art at the InterContinental Hotel Buckhead , Atlanta Talk about southern charm . When you walk into Southern Art , the latest from Art Smith , Oprah 's former personal chef , you 're greeted by a homey space hung with brass chandeliers and damask wallpaper , an "  artisanal ham bar , " and a pie-laden dessert table . Then there 's the menu , featuring a diet-busting array of fancified comfort foods like grilled rib eye served with jalapeño grits . Whatever you do , save room for dessert : bourbon pecan pie and 12-layer red velvet cake . Must-try dish : Chef Art 's buttermilk fried chicken with Yukon gold potato purée , garlic green beans , and red pepper gravy , $ 22 ; southernart.com . See more of America 's hottest hotel restaurants Do you have recommendations for swanky hotel dining ? Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Hotel restaurants have been getting increasingly sophisticated since the mid-90s China Poblano marries Chinese and Mexican food at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas Redd Wood at the North Block Hotel has the recipe for a perfect afternoon in Napa Valley Southern Art at the InterContinental in Atlanta features an "  artisanal ham bar "
OLLANTAYTAMBO , Peru  CNN  -- Stand anywhere in the Peruvian town of Ollantaytambo and look up . If your eyes do n't fix on a magnificent Andes mountain peak , then you will surely be looking at one of the Incan ruins in the immediate area . Ollantaytambo offers spectacular views of a charming village , ancient ruins and magnificent mountains . No need to worry about a crick in your neck ; the view at eye level is just as pretty . There are no neon signs , no hotels or restaurants with names that you will recognize , just charming local businesses set on cobblestone streets . Narrow chutes frame the streets and carry water from the mountaintops through town , toward the railroad tracks , and into the Urubamba River . The locals are easily recognized in their brightly colored hand-woven clothing -- bright blue , orange and red shirts and skirts -- as they go about their daily business , whether tending the nearby fields or guiding a mule carrying firewood . When planning a trip to the area 's star attraction -- the mountaintop Incan ruins of Machu Picchu -- this gem of a town in Peru 's Sacred Valley is not to be missed . The Sacred Valley is the area between Cusco -- the historic capital of the Incan Empire and the tourism gateway -- and Machu Picchu , which was recently voted one of the new seven wonders of the world . Typically , visitors who plan to stay overnight in the Sacred Valley are trying to adjust to the altitude before heading to the higher and larger city of Cusco . Acclimating to elevations of more than 11,000 feet above sea level is a good reason to head directly down to the valley after arriving at the Cusco Airport , but the tiny town called Ollantaytambo is another great reason to set aside at least a couple of your vacation days . Ollantaytambo is one of those rare places where you 'd rather look at the beauty through the naked eye than through the lens of a camera . The camera just does n't seem to capture the "  wow " factor . During the dry season from April to October , the sky between the surrounding peaks is often a piercing azure blue . But visitors ca n't be expected to stand on a street corner taking in the view all day , and thankfully , there is plenty to do in this old Incan village . The main attraction , the Ollantaytambo Ruins , a former Incan fortress , attracts busloads of day trippers that unload by the market . From down the street , you can see the tourists climbing the many terraces that , during Incan times , were used for agriculture and decorative purposes . The highest point on the hill is where you will find the unfinished Temple of the Sun . On tours , visitors learn that these ruins were built in the shape of a llama , and guides will point out the face of the Incan sun god carved on the side of the neighboring mountain . You need to purchase a ticket to visit this site . Across town are other Incan sites , also visible from the town 's cobblestone corners , where you can hike up to the ruins free of charge . There are many nice walks around the town , and the local museum has a display on the wall that lists the time they should take and the area to cover . If you want a break from the ruins , try white-water rafting , mountain climbing or horseback riding . And if you ca n't get enough of the natural beauty , opt for a bicycle trip down the Ambra Malaga Pass . Bicycle trip organizers will drive you up and drop you off on an asphalt road at about 14,000 feet above sea level , and you ride -- or really glide -- down on bicycles . Make sure your body has acclimated to the altitude of Ollantaytambo , which is about 9,186 feet , before you embark on this tour . The ride offers great views of the snow-capped Mount Veronica , and you 'll see livestock grazing and patches of land being tended by farmers . The entire trip takes from three to four hours and costs about $ 40 per person . Once you have worked up an appetite , you can easily find a good meal in Ollantaytambo . A hearty local dish , lomo saltado , is served in most restaurants . This Peruvian dish is a stir fry that includes steak tidbits , white rice , french fries , onions and tomatoes in a brown gravy . If lomo saltado is n't adventurous enough for you , try alpaca or cuy  guinea pig  . You can wash your meal down with a Pisco sour , the national drink in Peru , made with Pisco brandy , sugar , lemon juice and an egg white . There are enough restaurants to choose from , and in some establishments , the food is as good as the fancy places you will find in Cusco . There are several trains a day between Ollantaytambo and Machu Picchu , so it 's feasible to do a day trip to visit the main attraction . It 's about a two-hour drive to get to Ollantaytambo from the airport or Cusco 's city center , and it costs no more than $ 30 U.S. by taxi . Buses are available and cost a lot less . Whether you take the bus , train or taxi , consider a stop in this impressive Incan town as you check the nearby world wonder off your list .	In Ollantaytambo , Peru , you can see magnificent mountains and Incan ruins The Temple of the Sun is at the highest point of the Ollantaytambo Ruins Nearby , you can go white-water rafting , mountain climbing or horseback riding
London  CNN  -- Seamus Heaney , the poet whose deeply felt descriptions of rural life in Ireland managed to carry larger echoes of the island 's violent sectarian split , died Friday at the age of 74 , his publisher said . Heaney died in Dublin , Ireland , after a short illness , the publishing house Faber & Faber announced on behalf of his family . One of the most widely read poets of the past hundred years , Heaney carried the long lineage of Irish authorship into an era of violence that marked Ireland for much of the later twentieth century . "  We are blessed to call Seamus Heaney our own and thankful for the gift of him in our national life , " Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said Friday . "  He belongs with Joyce , Yeats , Shaw and Beckett in the pantheon of our greatest literary exponents . " Heaney joined three of those writers -- William Butler Yeats , George Bernard Shaw , and Samuel Beckett -- as a recipient of the Nobel literature prize . The 1995 citation noted Heaney 's "  works of lyrical beauty and ethical depth , which exalt everyday miracles and the living past " as a reason for bestowing the honor on a fourth Irishman . Born in 1939 on a farm in Country Londonderry , in Northern Ireland , Heaney 's work , which relied heavily on personal observations , evoked the island 's rural heritage at close range . The eldest of nine children , Heaney -- a Catholic -- described his father to an interviewer in 1994 as a "  creature of the archaic world " who "  would have been entirely at home in a Gaelic hill-fort . " In "  Follower , " from the collection "  Death of a Naturalist , " Heaney recalled being brought up around country farmers , like his father , whom he idealized -- but who later in life came to represent a bygone era : I wanted to grow up and plough , To close one eye , stiffen my arm . All I ever did was follow In his broad shadow round the farm . I was a nuisance , tripping , falling , Yapping always . But today It is my father who keeps stumbling Behind me , and will not go away . The family spoke English , not Irish , and Heaney described in interviews living in a home without many books . He attended a boarding school in Derry beginning at age 12 and studied for an English literature degree at Queen 's University in Belfast . Derry -- ruled by Protestants , despite a majority Catholic population -- would eventually become the center of Northern Ireland 's decades-long period of sectarian violence . Heaney moved in 1972 to Dublin , where he wrote poems that reflected the struggle navigating between the Irish nationalist movement , which he supported , and an allegiance to his birthplace in the British-ruled North . After "  Death of a Naturalist , " Heaney 's reputation began to grow , and he eventually became the rare poet to achieve both critical acclaim and popular appeal . His collections featured a range of themes , from lighthearted love verses to deeply personal meditations on Ireland 's Troubles . His collection "  North " was released in 1975 , one of the bloodiest years of Ireland 's sectarian conflict . In it , Heaney mined the roots of Irish division , often offering a grim assessment of a nation facing constant misfortune . "  Coherent miseries , a bite and sup , / We hug our little destiny again , " he wrote in "  Whatever You Say Say Nothing . " Decades after "  North " was published , Heaney characterized himself as a poet writing from his own experience rather than a political agenda . "  What matters is the shape-making impulse , the emergence and convergence of an excitement into a wholeness , " he said . "  I do n't think I 'm a political poet with political themes and a specifically political understanding of the world . " But he nonetheless held a lasting place within the history of Ireland 's struggle for peace , offering his deeply personal view of the Troubles to a worldwide audience . "  His mind , heart , and his uniquely Irish gift for language made him our finest poet of the rhythms of ordinary lives and a powerful voice for peace . And he was a good and true friend , " Bill and Hillary Clinton , the former U.S. president and first lady , wrote in a statement Friday . As president , Bill Clinton helped broker the 1999 Good Friday Agreement that established Northern Ireland 's system of government . Later in life , Heaney turned to producing new translations of well-known works of Anglo-Saxon literature , including a well-received version of "  Beowulf . " He worked as a professor of poetry at Oxford University for five years beginning in 1989 , and held various posts at Harvard University for more than two decades . Heaney is survived by his wife , Marie , and three children . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	His poetry detailed Ireland 's rural past and its violent sectarian strife Irish prime minister compares him to writers Joyce , Yeats , Shaw and Beckett Heaney received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1995 Later in life , he produced new translations of well-known works of Anglo-Saxon literature
Miami , Florida ,  CNN  -- The Dalai Lama would like to retire . "  I 'm also a human being . ... Retirement is also my right , " the exiled spiritual leader of Tibet told CNN 's Hala Gorani in Miami , Florida , this week . Without saying exactly when , he said , "  Sooner or later , I have to go . I 'm over 75 , so next 10 years , next 20 years , one day I will go . " The Dalai Lama also said he supports recent protests in Tibet , where students marched in opposition to government plans to teach university classes in Mandarin Chinese , instead of the traditional Tibetan language . "  My real boss is the Tibetan people inside Tibet . So now , whenever they carry some sort of movement , I have to support , " he said . He added that as long as protests are nonviolent , they should be considered lawful and reasonable . He sees signs of change in Tibet and remains "  optimistic " about the region 's future , he said . Also in the interview , the Dalai Lama reiterated his support for recent Nobel Peace Prize winner , Liu Xiaobo , imprisoned in China . He said he joined a group of Nobel laureates , including South Africa 's Archbishop Desmond Tutu , who have called on Chinese authorities to release Liu . The Dalai Lama said he is not bothered if world leaders do not want to meet with him so as not to anger China . "  It does n't matter , " he said . "  If they find it a little bit inconvenient , then of course , it 's absolutely OK . " He said his main concern is meeting with the public to promote human values and religious harmony . Monk : How to practice compassion meditation The internet and social media are "  extremely useful " in engaging what he called a "  closed society " like China , he said . The Dalai Lama is an active voice on the social media website Twitter , although he admits , "  as far as technology itself is concerned , I 'm completely ignorant . " He said his staff tweets his thoughts for his almost 1 million followers online . The Dalai Lama is wrapping up a speaking tour of North America .	The Dalai Lama says in interview he would like to retire Dalai Lama : "  I 'm over 75 , so next 10 years , next 20 years , one day I will go " The Dalai Lama said he supports recent protests in Tibet Dalai Lama reiterated his support for Nobel Peace Prize winner , Liu Xiaobo
CNN  -- Olympic champion Michael Phelps admitted it was good to be back on the winning trail after securing his first gold medal at the World Swimming Championships in Shanghai . Defending champion Phelps , from the United States , came first in the men 's 200 meters butterfly a day after he was pipped to gold in the 200m freestyle by compatriot Ryan Lochte . He won in a time of one minute 53.34 seconds to beat Japan 's Takeshi Matsuda , who had led with 50m to go , into second while China 's Wu Peng claimed the bronze medal . Phelps , a 14-time Olympic gold medal winner , has had a disappointing year but said he was relieved to pick up his first gold in China and now wanted to embark on a lengthy unbeaten run . "  A lot of it is being fitter but also I did n't want to lose that race again , " he told reporters . "  Having a number of defeats this year is extremely frustrating for me and I did n't like the feeling . "  So I kind of wanted to have the feeling of winning a race again . It feels good to win a race . It does n't matter what it is so I dug as deep as I could that last 50 , just tried to finish as strong as I could . "  I knew  bronze medallist  Wu Peng was finishing very well , he finished very well yesterday and Takeshi has always been there at the end . I kind of tried to put it into the biggest over-gear I could put it in and just get to the wall . " Phelps won a record-breaking haul of eight gold 's at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 but had suffered a run of defeats leading into the World Championships . Despite landing his first gold in Shanghai , and swimming quicker than last year , he says there is still more to come . "  I 'm super-happy with swimming faster than I did last year , close to a second-and-a-half but I still want more in that event and I want to be faster . I think that was a little too close for my comfort , " he added . Phelps will go head-to-head with Lochte again on Thursday as they do battle in the 200m individual medley final . Elsewhere , Federica Pellegrini , from Italy , regained her women 's 200m freestyle crown and in the process made history as the first female to win both the 200m and 400m freestyle at consecutive World Championships . The men 's 50m breaststroke title went to Brazil 's Felipe Franca da Silva , who pipped Italy 's Fabio Scozzoli and defending champion Cameron van der Burgh of South Africa to the line . And China took another gold as Sun Yang won the men 's 800m freestyle title , beating Canada 's Ryan Cochrane into second . Hungary 's Gergo Kis took bronze .	Michael Phelps wins his first gold medal of the World Swimming Championships Phelps successfully defends his 200m butterfly title in a time of one minute 53.34 secs Japan 's Takeshi Matsuda takes silver while China 's Wu Peng won bronze Federica Pellegrini adds women 's 200m freestyle to her 400m freestyle title
CNN  -- A 6-year-old girl , detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally , is now at a shelter in El Paso , Texas , as authorities try to locate a relative . The girl , who told authorities she is from El Salvador , had to be moved to El Paso because there is no room in Arizona shelters for minors in her situation , said Jose Joaquin Chacon , the consul general for El Salvador in Arizona . The girl was traveling with her mother through Mexico , Chacon said , but for some unknown reason the mother apparently turned her daughter over to smugglers at the U.S. border and separated from her . Immigration shift sparks reaction from both sides The unaccompanied child was detained along with 15 other people traveling in a van through Maricopa County late Friday , hours after President Barack Obama had announced a decision to stop deporting certain young illegal immigrants who have been in the United States for at least five years . The people in the van were planning to make their way to a variety of destinations around the country -- including New York , California and Texas -- according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . Sheriff Joe Arpaio , known for his tough stance against illegal immigration , is a vocal opponent of President Obama 's immigration policies . "  There was no politics involved in this , " he said . "  And when you have a 6-year-old girl , I think that 's newsworthy regardless of what the circumstances are -- whether you call it an arrest or a detention . " For illegal immigrant graduates , a ` leap of faith as been answered ' A spokesman for the sheriff 's office explained that the girl "  was not arrested in the sense of handcuffed and booked into jail . However , she was detained in our custody and turned over to ICE officials . " After the sheriff 's office handed the girl over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials , she was placed in "  the care and custody " of the Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Refugee Resettlement , said Amber Cargile , an ICE spokeswoman . The girl ended up in El Paso , Chacon said . Overheard on CNN.com : Decision to defer some deportations symbolic Most of those detained were being held in jail , the sheriff 's statement said . Last week , Arpaio said that the Obama administration 's new directive not to deport some young migrants was motivated by politics . Arpaio said he would abide by the directive but continue to enforce state laws on illegal immigration as he sees fit . The rule change will allow people younger than 30 who had come to the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and have been successful students or served in the military to apply for a two-year deferral from deportation . Individuals must be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years . Photos : Lens on immigration -- adolescence deported CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Glenda Umana and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	NEW : The girl is now in a shelter in El Paso The Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office arrests 16 people traveling in a van One of them is a 6-year-old girl , who says she is from El Salvador
CNN  -- It was billed as a bright new beginning . But in the end Manchester United 's opening day fixture of the EPL season bore all the hallmarks of its recent troubled past as Swansea City upset Louis Van Gaal 's side to win 2-1 at Old Trafford Saturday . Goals from Ki Sung Yueng and Gylfi Sigurdsson either side of a spectacular Wayne Rooney overhead kick ensured the Swans were full value for the three points . Apart from a Rooney free-kick that cracked the post midway through the second half , United rarely threatened or looked like a side capable of getting its league campaign off to a winning start . "  It is very disappointing that we have lost our first home match , " Van Gaal told BT Sport in his post game interview . "  We did n't reach the level we can play at . That is disappointing because we have done it much better and when you can not do it in your first home match that is disappointing , especially for the fans . " The feelgood factor had seemed to have returned to United since Van Gaal 's appointment earlier in the summer . A busy pre-season witnessed promising victories over Liverpool , Roma , Valencia and Real Madrid . But Saturday 's performance had more in common with last year 's disastrous campaign under David Moyes which saw the Red Devils finish seventh , their lowest placing in Premier League history . "  We were very nervous in first half , made the wrong choices and that is a pity . In the second half we never played as a team , therefore I 'm responsible , " Van Gaal continued . "  We had more chances than Swansea but that shall say nothing about the result . It is the goals that count . "  I thought we would win  when the scores were tied at 1-1 in the second half  but because we are not playing as a team in the second half we made the wrong decisions going forward . " Van Gaal intimated later in an interview with MUTV that there would be further signings arriving at Old Trafford before the transfer window slams shut at the end of August . Judging by this performance , the prospective new arrivals ca n't arrive soon enough . United began with a 3-5-2 system similar to that employed by Van Gaal 's Dutch side at the World Cup earlier this summer before switching to a 4-4-1-1 as the game progressed . There were competitive debuts to new $ 48 million midfield signing Ander Herrera and 20-year-old center half Tyler Blackett . Newly installed captain Wayne Rooney led the line alongside Javier Hernandez with Robin Van Persie still missing after he was given extended holiday to recover from his World Cup exertions . Like many a visitor to Old Trafford , Swansea sat in deep and attempted to play on the break . It was a tactic that would work to perfection as United pressed and dominated possession but produced few goal-scoring opportunities . Ki was a standout in midfield for Swansea while Ashley Williams was his usual commanding self at the back , organizing when required and reading the game exceptionally well . "  We have been working hard in pre-season on defensive shape and we can get even better at that but there were pleasing signs in the way we stuck together and the goals we scored against a side of Manchester United 's resources , " said Swansea manager Gary Monk . "  We have worked on the mentality side of things so that even when things go against us we continue to believe in what we are doing . " Having lost a raft of key players over the summer , including Chico Flores , Michel Worm and Ben Davies , many observers had questioned whether Swansea would be relegation candidates . With more solid , mature performances like this over the coming season such predictions will be made to look badly placed .	Manchester United suffer 2-1 defeat to Swansea City on EPL opening day Goals from Ki Sung Yueng and Gylfi Sigurdsson ensure victory for Swans Wayne Rooney scores overhead kick but United fail to inspire
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Explosions erupted in Tripoli for a second consecutive night Wednesday into Thursday morning as NATO jets struck a vocational secondary school , a Libyan government official said . "  We 're not in a position to independently confirm that allegation , " a NATO official said . The attacks got under way hours after a Pentagon spokesman acknowledged that the United States is providing munitions for allies to use in the air campaign against Libya . "  We have provided material support , including munitions , to allies and partners engaged in operations in Libya , " Col. Dave Lapan said in a statement . But , as President Barack Obama warned Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi on Wednesday that there would be "  no letup " in NATO airstrikes , Russia lashed out against the air campaign , calling the bombing of certain Tripoli targets a "  flagrant deviation " from the United Nations mandate . Obama makes the case for Western leadership U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Wednesday he had spoken with the Libyan prime minister and stressed the urgent need for a cease-fire . The U.N. chief said the special U.N. envoy for Libya , who has been in Benghazi meeting with the Libyan opposition , would return soon to Tripoli to try to secure an agreement . The war has dragged on for more than two months , with reports of horrific fighting and civilian casualties . The Russian Foreign Ministry alleged Wednesday that several "  non-military facilities in Tripoli that had already been bombed , were again attacked in a massive NATO airstrike , leading to civilian casualties . " It said in a written statement that "  this is yet another flagrant deviation " from the U.N. Security Council resolution 1973 . That resolution authorized all means necessary , short of occupying forces , to enforce a no-fly zone and protect Libyan civilians from attacks by forces loyal to Gadhafi . A barrage of at least 18 rockets struck Tripoli Tuesday , killing 19 people and wounding another 150 in the heaviest onslaught since NATO 's aerial strikes began , a government official told CNN . NATO said it had struck a government vehicle storage facility adjacent to Gadhafi 's compound . The Russian ministry said NATO has justified its attacks by citing the need to protect civilians but said that it was "  impossible to deny the obvious fact that airstrikes are not stopping military confrontation between the warring Libyan sides , and are only causing additional suffering of peaceful Libyans . " It said the airstrikes are failing to end the Libyan conflict , which was triggered by protests in February and an ensuing crackdown by Gadhafi 's forces . Russia , which has been critical of the airstrikes all along , has said normalization in Libya can come only from an immediate halt in military activities , the ministry said . Some have viewed the Libya campaign as a litmus test for relations between the alliance and Russia . The 28 members of NATO work with Russia as equal partners in the NATO-Russia Council , a group that works on a wide array of issues , including security . Obama , who met Wednesday in London with his British counterpart , David Cameron , increased pressure on Gadhafi by repeating that , ultimately , the embattled strongman must go . The mission to protect Libyans from their leader means making sure Gadhafi "  does n't have capacity to send in a bunch of thugs to murder innocent civilians and threaten them , " Obama said . "  I do think we have made enormous progress in Libya . We have saved lives . Gadhafi and his regime need to understand there will not be a letup in the pressure we are applying , " Obama said . But he and Cameron said it will take time to reach a solution in the North African country , ruled with an iron fist by Gadhafi for 42 years . "  We may have to be more patient than people would like , " Obama said of the apparent stalemate . In an effort to break the monthslong standoff , South Africa President Jacob Zuma plans to visit Tripoli next week for talks with Gadhafi , according to a statement on the South African leader 's website . Zuma will meet Gadhafi Monday in "  his capacity as a member of the African Union high-level panel for the resolution of the conflict in Libya , " the statement said . The panel also includes Uganda and Mauritania . It is the second such trip for Zuma , who was part of an African Union delegation that visited the nation last month . That visit , which included talks on a cease-fire , did not succeed . The Libyan government lashed out Wednesday at Obama and Cameron . "  It is illegal and illegitimate to speak about regime change under the pretext of protecting civilians , " said a government official . "  It is up to the Libyan people to decide when and if Colonel Gadhafi should go -- not the U.S. and the U.K. " Russia 's official RIA Novosti news agency reported that Gadhafi 's government may ask Moscow to mediate the conflict . Meanwhile , in Tripoli , daily life has become more onerous . One woman said Wednesday that she had waited more than three days on line to get a half-tank of fuel for her car . The woman said that , while waiting in the line on Tuesday night , she saw a man a few cars ahead of her reach the fuel pump and present his number to a police officer , who rejected it as fraudulent . When the man protested , the police officer fatally shot him , she said . Witnesses torched a police car in retaliation , she said . Life outside the capital also appears precarious . The same woman said about three dozen Gadhafi soldiers on Saturday broke into her family 's farm near Zwara -- just east of the Tunisian border -- and moved in . One of the soldiers told the farm caretaker they were taking over civilian properties to use as command posts and weapons storehouses because they feared being attacked by NATO if they were to use military facilities , said the woman , who asked not to be identified because she fears reprisal . A number of residents of the city of Yefren , about two hours southwest of Tripoli , had taken up residence in caves in order to avoid pro-Gadhafi forces , said an elderly man who cited safety concerns in declining to be identified . Nearby residents avoid seeking help from Yefren 's hospital , he said . "  Any injured person who tries to enter the hospital is detained by the brigades , " he said . "  We try to treat our wounded and give them first aid and protect them inside the mountain so they wo n't be killed or kidnapped by Gadhafi 's brigades . " CNN 's Charley Keyes , Eve Bower , Nima Elbagir and Raja Razek contributed to this report .	NEW : Some residents of Yefren are said to be living in caves Libyan government official accuses NATO of striking a secondary school No confirmation from NATO Woman says she waited three days on line for gas
Hong Kong  CNN  Despite huge advances , China 's military suffers from "  serious weaknesses " that could limit its ability "  to fight and win future wars , " a congressional study released this week suggests . The 184-page report sponsored by the U.S. Congress-mandated U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission and prepared by the Rand Corporation , says the People 's Liberation Army has made rapid progress in a short time . However , weaknesses in its organizational structure -- including corruption among its ranks -- and in its combat capabilities mean it faces serious challenges . "  These shortcomings could limit its ability to successfully conduct the information-centric , integrated joint operations Chinese military strategists see as required to fight and win future wars , " the report said . Shortcomings in its combat capability include logistical weaknesses . In particular , the report says that China lacks the "  amphibious lift " -- the ability to transport enough forces and military assets -- for an outright invasion of Taiwan . China 's navy has not fully mastered anti-submarine warfare , the report said , adding that it is experiencing problems integrating complex modern weaponry with existing equipment . The report said it also lacks the necessary trained personnel to operate this weaponry . Its air force , meanwhile , is grappling with limited numbers of special-mission aircraft and a fleet that comprises multiple generations of planes . China 's Ministry of Defense did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The 2.3-million-strong PLA is "  riddled " with corruption , the report said , because of a major lack of external oversight -- the only civilian in the chain of command is President Xi Jinping . Xu Caihou , a top retired general , recently confessed to taking bribes and it 's widely believed that promotions and positions can be bought . And among lower ranks , reports of officers selling military housing and using military plates to avoid speed limits , highway tolls and parking restrictions are widespread . The report also said that low pay , and a lack of realistic training exercises -- exercises are seen as failures if the PLA loses -- present further challenges , as do the skills of its recruits . Most are still drawn from rural areas with limited education although there is a push to recruit more college graduates . Moreover , China 's "  one-child " policy , which has created the "  little emperor " phenomenon of spoiled children produces recruits who "  may not be tough enough to withstand military discipline , " the report added . But the PLA is well aware of its shortcomings , the report said , with military publications and Chinese sources suggesting that "  there is still a large gap between China and developed countries ' militaries , especially the United States . " The report concludes that U.S. military planners need to understand China 's incomplete military transformation so they can ensure the U.S. and its allies can deter China from using force or the threat of force to resolve disputes with its neighbors .	Despite huge advances , China 's military suffers from "  serious weaknesses " These could limit its ability "  to fight and win future wars " Shortcomings affect its organization and its combat capability
CNN  -- Albert Einstein once said that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . Following a third exploratory round of bilateral talks between the United States and North Korea held in Beijing last week , Washington looks as though it is walking into yet another goodies-for-nuclear freeze deal with the reclusive North Koreans . The State Department announced Wednesday that the United States would provide food aid to North Korea in return for Pyongyang 's promise to implement a moratorium on long-range missile launches , nuclear tests and its plutonium and uranium enrichment activities . North Korea also agreed to allow the return of inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to verify and monitor the moratorium . Einstein , if he cared about the issue , would probably roll over in his grave . Why are we doing this ? We have seen this playbook several times before in our 25-plus year history of trying to denuclearize North Korea . The United States gets pulled into providing food or energy indefinitely to maintain the nuclear freeze . The North Koreans eventually cheat on the freeze and undertake augmentation of their nuclear weapons at other undisclosed facilities . We stop providing the assistance . A hair-raising crisis ensues that is ultimately resolved through another assistance-for-freeze agreement . Wash , rinse , repeat . Political types might condemn it as insanity , naivetÃ © or both . But there may be some common-sensical reasons for doing this . Practically speaking , the achievement of a nuclear and missile-testing moratorium , as well as the reintroduction of the U.N. nuclear-watchdog agency inspectors into Yongbyon , is a useful step . The uranium enrichment program currently meets the definition of a runaway nuclear program . It has gone unabated now for at least five years , if not longer . Getting eyes on the ground again , as in 1994 to 2002 and 2007 to 2008 , is a welcome development . For North Korea , the young Kim Jong Un may want to demonstrate a continuity of leadership after the sudden death of his father nine weeks ago , and the regime wants food in preparation for its April 15 celebrations of the 100th birthday of the first leader of North Korea , Kim Il Sung . However , beyond these tactical solutions are longer-term strategic challenges . First , North Korea may temporarily halt their program , but the grim reality is that it will not part with it . Second , the IAEA inspectors will go into the facilities without a supporting U.N. Security Council resolution declaring that the uranium program is in violation of standing denuclearization agreements .  China opposed this .  So while the United States will see this move as monitoring a freeze , North Korea will see it as validating to the international community that it only has peaceful intentions with its uranium program . Third , it is too soon to tell whether this agreement means the junior Kim is turning over a new leaf and seeking to make nice with the world . Fourth , the slightest opening up of this brittle dictatorship under the untested son will ensure that it comes crumbling down -- something for which the United States , China and South Korea are wholly unprepared . Fifth , a nuclear freeze is a long way from the denuclearization objectives sought in the 2005 agreement at the so-called Six-Party Talks . Indeed , one of the unmet U.S. "  pre-steps " for returning to the Six-Party Talks was a commitment by the North to refrain from further provocations such as the 2010 submarining of a South Korean navy ship and artillery shelling of a South Korean island . The North made no such commitments outside of a vague reference to supporting the 1953 armistice agreement that ceased Korean War hostilities . Finally , nongovermental and humanitarian groups probably chafe at the explicit linking of food assistance to the nuclear freeze . The United States would claim that the North insisted on the linkage . But it takes two to tango . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton correctly characterized the agreement as a "  modest step forward . " This may not be insanity , but it is distasteful given the nature of the regime , its human rights violations and its blatant willingness to engage in renegade nuclear activities . Unfortunately , that 's the price one pays when negotiating with North Korea . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victor Cha , Ellen Kim and Marie DuMond .	The U.S. and North Korea reach new deal on nuclear moratorium Victor Cha , Ellen Kim and Marie DuMond : We 've seen this playbook before The writers say the grim reality is that the deal is a temporary move for North Korea They say Hillary Clinton correctly characterized the deal as a "  modest step forward "
Remedios , Cuba  CNN  -- For 200 years , folks in Remedios , a small town in the Cuban countryside , have shared the legendary tale of Father Francisco Vigil de Quiñones . As the story goes , Father Vigil was annoyed that so few of his parishioners were attending his church 's Christmas Eve midnight Mass. . So the Catholic priest had an idea . He employed a few of the town 's children to create a ruckus that would get people out of bed and into the pews . They threw rocks , beat sticks and awoke the town , prompting them to fill the church . Two centuries later , on Christmas Eve 2010 , the ruckus remains , but the worshippers have disappeared . The town 's current priest , Father Agustin Ibarra Diaz , stood overlooking the same house of worship -- gazing at a sanctuary completely empty of parishioners . Outside the colonial-era church , salsa music blared . The actions of his predecessor have had disastrous results for Ibarra . The type of pre-midnight Mass disturbances evolved over the centuries . Brass instruments were played . Large colorful floats with flashing lights were built . And then , of course , there were the fireworks . It 's the fireworks that have Ibarra worried . And they are not just any pyrotechnic rockets but a homemade strain -- with names like morteros , voladores and palomas -- designed to create the biggest bangs and brightest flashes and most smoke possible . They do n't always fly straight up . "  Its tough to be a priest and give Mass when there are rockets going off . People ca n't really enjoy the Eucharist , the birth of Jesus , " Ibarra said , regret in his voice . "  We 're afraid that rockets will fly into the church and kill someone . " Ibarra said he appreciates the effort that goes into the celebration and festivities . But this year , for safety reasons , he decided to cancel the Mass. . If Remedios misses the evening services , it does n't show . Outside the church , the town 's small plaza is nearly full of residents and visitors . At each corner of the town square , a large float rises three stories into the air . One float has an arctic theme , with carved wolves and penguins standing in fake snow . Thousands of colored lights dot the float and illuminate the square at nightfall . Dotting the square are food stands offering lechon , slow-cooked whole pig , its skin crunchy and colored a deep amber from hours over the coals . For less than a U.S. dollar , vendors will carve off a few slices of the meat . Although it 's still early , the square 's one bar is close to being sold out of Havana Club rum . About 5 p.m. , the first fireworks are being set up , and eagerness is growing for the party to begin . The pyrotechnics are the work of so-called artilleros , or artillery men . "  We 've been doing this for generations and generations , " artillero Pablo Torres said . "  My dad did it ; my son does ; everyone does . " Wearing a bright orange construction helmet , Torres said he 's not afraid of getting hurt by the explosives . He offers a bottle of yellow liquid : "  Drink some rum , and you will be all set . " The first barrage of fireworks shakes the town . Thousands of skyrockets scream into the sky , which is soon dark from smoke . The explosives called palomas , or doves , fly up with a stream of sparks . The artilleros fill lead pipes with homemade bombs that then blast forth . Some of the firework specialists use Cuban cigars to ignite the fireworks . For safety , many of them wear thick olive-green canvas shirts and small straw hats that are usually the uniform of sugar cane cutters . Others wear only T-shirts and shorts while they play with fire . The fireworks shoot off in every direction , and flaming shrapnel comes falling back down to the square . Someone ends up getting burned every year , say the locals , but there are few serious injuries . The only death anyone can remember was a woman killed years ago after an errant rocket flew into a building where gunpowder was stored . That there are no worse injuries amid the hours of explosions seems miraculous . But so are the festivals themselves . While the entire country faces crippling shortages and economic challenges , Remedios still cobbles together everything it needs for the big spectacle . The parrandas bring in tourists despite the fact that the town has only one 10-room hotel . Andres Carrillo has come home to Remedios from New Jersey . His mother is renting out every bedroom in her house to foreign tourists . Carrillo said the festivals may bring in badly needed funds , but they are still put on to honor tradition . "  We are addicted to the fire and the smoke , " Carrillo said while dodging a rocket . "  You see that people are not from here because they cover their nose . We do n't . We love this . "	Huge 200 year-old Christmas Eve fireworks fest ignites joy in Remedios , Cuba Originally , event attracted worshippers , but now church closes for safety "  We 're afraid that rockets will fly into the church and kill someone . " Someone gets burned every year , say locals , but there are few serious injuries
CNN  -- Philip Seymour Hoffman did n't want his children to become "  trust fund kids " so he left his fortune to his girlfriend , a court document said . Hoffman , who died of a heroin overdose in February , wrote in his 2004 will that everything would go to "  friend and companion " Mimi O'Donnell , who is the mother of his three children . His accountant and the lawyer who wrote the will said the actor repeatedly rejected their recommendations to create trusts for the children , according to interviews quoted in a court filing obtained by CNN . Hoffman told his lawyer that he "  did not like the idea of setting up a trust for his children , " the lawyer said . Accountant David Friedman said Hoffman told him he "  did not want a trust in any form for his children , " according to the court filing . Friedman recalled conversations in which Hoffman told him "  he did not want his children to be considered ` trust fund ' kids . " It was a decision that Hoffman reaffirmed as recently as a year before his death , the accountant said . Hoffman told his accountant that "  Mimi would take care of the children , " he said . Philip Seymour Hoffman 's will guides son away from Hollywood The quotes were in a report filed by the lawyer appointed by the court to represent the children 's interest . That report to the New York judge overseeing the probate of Hoffman 's estate recommended that the will be accepted . The will , which named O'Donnell as executor of the estate , did provide for a trust fund for the oldest son in the event his mother was not living when Hoffman died . It was signed by Hoffman in October 2004 , when his son , Cooper , now 10 , was just a year old and before daughters Tallulah and Willa were born . Although Hoffman and O'Donnell never married , she is the mother of all three of his children and he treated her "  in the same manner as if she were a spouse , " the filing said . Hoffman "  simply did not believe in marriage but that did not affect his affinity or relationship with Ms. O'Donnell , " the report said . Hoffman 's lawyer said when he wrote the will that the actor instructed him to make sure "  his son would be raised in a city with art and culture , " which led him to include a clause that asked that he be "  raised in certain geographic locales . " "  It is my strong desire , and not direction to my guardian , that my son , Cooper Hoffman be raised and reside in or near the borough of Manhattan in the State of New York , or Chicago Illinois , or San Francisco , California , " Hoffman stated in the 13-page will . That provision was in a section that applied only if O'Donnell was not living at the time of his death and if a guardian was to be appointed for his children . If living in his preferred three cities was not possible , Hoffman requested that his son at least visit there twice a year . "  The purpose of this request is so that my son will be exposed to the culture , arts and architecture that such cities offer , " Hoffman 's will said . Noticeably absent from his list is Los Angeles , given Hoffman 's fame as a Hollywood actor . Hoffman , 46 , was found on the bathroom floor of his apartment , a needle in his arm . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Hoffman , who was nominated for Academy Awards four times , won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "  Capote . " He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  Doubt , " and "  The Master . " Five reasons we loved Philip Seymour Hoffman The Philip Seymour Hoffman we did n't know Coroner : Philip Seymour Hoffman died of acute mixed drug intoxication CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Hoffman told lawyer he "  did not like the idea of setting up a trust for his children " The actor left his entire fortune to his girlfriend , who is the mother of his children The lawyer for his children recommends the will be accepted by a judge Hoffman died of a heroin overdose in February
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored his 19th consecutive league goal on Saturday setting another La Liga record as Barcelona drew 2-2 at relegation-threatened Celta Vigo . The Argentine 's 73rd minute strike -- his 29th in 19 league matches -- makes him the first player in the history of Spanish football to score against every other league opponent in succession . "  It is a unheard of record that no one has ever achieved . This shows how great this player is , " said Barcelona assistant coach Jordi Roura . Messi 's second-half strike gave the Catalans the lead for the first time in the match , after they had gone behind to a Natxo Insa goal in the 38th minute . The visitors were back on level terms five minutes later thanks to a Cristian Tello strike and when Messi slotted home with 17 minutes remaining Barcelona looked odds-on for all three points . But the home side had other ideas and with two minutes remaining found an equalizer through Borja Oubina . Real Madrid failed to capitalize on their rivals slip up , drawing 1-1 at Zaragoza . Rodri put the home side ahead after six minutes with Cristiano Ronaldo equalizing in the 38th minute , before a stalemate ensued in the second half . The result means Barcelona remain 13 points clear at the top . Atletico Madrid will move into second ahead of Real if they beat Valencia on Sunday . Malaga warmed up for their Champions League clash with reigning German champions Borussia Dortmund with a 3-1 away to Rayo Vallecano . Meanwhile in Serie A , Juventus remain on course for a second consecutive league title after beating Inter Milan 2-1 at the San Siro on Saturday . The reigning champions were ahead after three minutes when Fabio Quagliarella 's shot from the edge of the area found the back of the net . Rodrigo Palacio equalized in the 54th minute , but the scores were n't level for long as Alessandro Matri grabbed the winner six minutes later . The win maintains their nine-point lead at the top of the table over Napoli who were 5-3 winners at Torino . Seventh-placed Inter now trail the leaders by 21 points and with much work to do if they are secure a place in the Champions League next season . AC Milan consolidated third place with a 1-0 win at Cheivo as fourth-place Fiorentina lost 2-1 at Cagliari . Lazio move up to fifth after a 2-1 against Catania , while Roma slip to sixth following a 2-0 defeat at relegation-threatened Palermo .	Lionel Messi scores in 19th consecutive league game to set another new record Argentine becomes first player in La Liga history to score consecutively against all other teams Real Madrid also draw at Zaragoza ; Malaga win 3-1 at Rayo Vallecano Juventus remain nine points clear at top of Serie A after 2-1 win against Inter
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A child cries from hunger , but no tears come from her swollen eyes . Zimbabwean clinics have been overwhelmed by the cholera epidemic , according to aid organizations . Malnutrition has left this baby born in Zimbabwe fighting for her life . She is the face of an unfolding crisis in a country once known as Africa 's bread basket . Today a loaf of bread costs 35 million worthless Zimbabwean dollars , and people are forced to sift through garbage piles for any morsel of food . Others huddle for warmth around a fire burning inside the shell of a broken-down van . All of these images were captured on video recently smuggled out of Zimbabwe by Solidarity Peace Trust , a South African human rights group . Zimbabwe 's government maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the West in an effort to exert pressure on President Robert Mugabe to leave office . But the World Health Organization  WHO  says the desperate situation has triggered a widening cholera outbreak that has killed 775 people and infected more than 15,000 . "  You have to eat in the same place you sleep right next to the buckets , the same buckets that we used as toilets , " one cholera patient says on the video . "  There is no water to bathe . " Watch shocking footage of Zimbabwe 's humanitarian crisis  Discretion advised  " And little to eat . Women foraging for food in the bush find dry branches with only a few berries . "  This packet of juice will be my supper tonight , " one woman says . Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai -- who is still trying to form a unity government with Mugabe under a recent power-sharing deal -- said the situation can only be addressed once a "  legitimate government " is in place . "  Once there is a legitimate government , it is up to that government to deal with the problems the country is facing , which are quite wide-ranging , " Tsvangirai told CNN on Wednesday . "  But the immediate intervention of the health crisis has exacerbated the situation to the extent that it has now become an international crisis . " The WHO says the current cholera outbreak in Zimbabwe has a high fatality rate because sufferers are either not able to reach health centers in time or because health centers lack the capacity to treat the cases . View image gallery of Zimbabwe cholera crisis " "  The epidemic is clearly on the increase , " Dr. Eric Laroche , a WHO official in Harare , told CNN on Wednesday . "  I think it 's going to last for several months . " In addition to the WHO , the Red Cross has responded to the outbreak and is sending staff and medical supplies into Zimbabwe . Zimbabwe 's main hospitals have all but shut down and the small clinics equipped by international aid organizations are overcrowded and unable to cope with the thousands of cholera patients . Health workers inside Zimbabwe believe scores are dying at home . Laroche said the WHO is receiving cooperation from the government , but the health care system is abysmal . "  The quality of the care , the supplies that come inside Zimbabwe , also need to be restored , " Laroche said . "  So there 's a lot of work to do , because the health system is collapsing for the time being . " One Zimbabwean health care worker , who would not show his face on the video , said he fears the death toll will skyrocket . "  People are dying even at the health institution , " he said . "  It 's beyond control . We are going to witness so many deaths in the coming weeks . " He expressed frustration that so many people are dying from cholera , a disease that "  is both preventable and curable . " "  Nobody should die from cholera , " he said . "  We are quite unfortunate . " Zimbabwe , already experiencing an economic crisis , was struck with the raging water-borne cholera in August . Health experts say the battle against the disease can only be won if Harare has adequate water-treating chemicals and disposes of refuse properly . Zimbabwe 's information minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu said Tuesday that the country has enough chemicals to purify water and enough money to buy pipes to mend sanitation lines . He maintained that the outbreak is under control , blaming the West for causing the crisis as an excuse for military intervention . International leaders -- including U.S. President George W. Bush , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and Kenyan premier Raila Odinga -- have recently called for Mugabe to step down for failing to contain the cholera outbreak . Frustration inside Zimbabwe is building . Last week , doctors and nurses protested over the lack of medical supplies and other resources at the country 's hospitals . Labor unions have protested over the deteriorating economy . Even soldiers once shielded from economic hardships by the Mugabe regime went on a rampage last week when they were unable to access wages from the country 's banks . Human rights activist Elinor Sisulu , who has lived and worked in Zimbabwe and now coordinates civil action outside the country , called on African leaders to demand Mugabe step down before Zimbabwe explodes . "  In any population where you have high levels of desperation , anger and ... people arrive at the conclusion that we 've tried a peaceful political process and this is not working , then anything can happen , " she said . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa contributed to this report .	Video images of starving children reveal scale of Zimbabwe 's hunger crisis WHO says widening cholera outbreak has killed 775 , infected 15,000 Zimbabwe 's information minister maintains crisis is under control Zimbabwe health care workers fear death toll could skyrocket
CNN  -- It 's known as the City of Light , but Paris has taken a dizzying step toward being the City of Fright after the Eiffel Tower unveiled a new glass floor . Offering dramatic views of the 57-meter  187-foot  drop from the 125-year-old landmark 's first level , the transparent walkway has proved a hit with visitors lining up -- and lying down -- to take selfies . Paris 's mayor , Anne Hidalgo , opened the new attraction , saying it would help bring back some magic to a city that 's been criticized for disappointing foreign visitors . "  I hear that Paris has lost its shine and attractiveness , " she said . "  It 's not true . " The new floor , she added , proved Parisians could reinvent their city "  without ruining our history . " It 's the latest in a series of glass floored walkways to open in prominent destinations around the world . These include Chicago 's Willis Tower Skydeck and the Grand Canyon Skywalk . Paris admits it needs to be friendlier Hidalgo celebrated the opening with a series of multilingual tweets inviting tourists to "  enjoy this breathtakingly high experience . " The glass floor is part of a $ 38.4 million renovation of the tower 's first floor that also includes shops , restaurants and a museum . New outward-curving safety barriers also allow better views over the city . Until now , the tower 's somewhat gloomy "  premier etage " has been one of its least-visited areas , with most of its 7 million annual visitors heading straight to higher levels . Built by Gustave Eiffel , the Tower was completed in 1889 as part of a "  Universal Exposition " celebrating the centenary of the French Revolution . At 312 meters , it was the tallest building in the world until New York 's Chrysler building overtook it in 1930 . It was originally designed as a temporary attraction , but the decision was made to keep it as a permanent attraction -- and the Tower has never looked back . Thanks to the glass floor though , it can now look down . Eiffel Tower , Champ de Mars , 5 Avenue Anatole France , Paris ; +33 892 70 12 39	New glass floor offers views of the 57-meter drop from the Tower 's first floor Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo says glass floor shows the city can still amaze its visitors First floor 's $ 38.4 million renovation also includes shops , restaurants and museum
CNN  -- ABC is beginning its reconstruction of "  The View " by bringing back Rosie O'Donnell , one of the most famous co-hosts from the talk show 's history . O'Donnell will rejoin the talk show in the fall , according to a Twitter message from the show 's main account . The announcement confirmed a TMZ report this week . ABC previously announced that of all the current co-hosts , Whoopi Goldberg would be the only one back for the coming season . Barbara Walters signed off in May , and two others , Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd , are going to depart this summer . O'Donnell did n't immediately comment on the announcement . On Twitter , she posted a photo of her family vacationing in Florida . O'Donnell co-hosted "  The View " during its 10th season in 2006-07 . Her on-air battles with co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck -- over issues like the Iraq war , which O'Donnell was vehemently against -- were loud and legendary . "  Their back-and-forth has helped buoy ratings , " The Los Angeles Times reported at the time , but the tumult was sometimes tough to watch and changed the usually cheery climate of the talk show . O'Donnell left after just nine months . And she had n't been back until this year , when she visited in February for a "  Hot Topics " segment . "  This feels kind of weird but good weird , " she quipped . She also made a joke about being "  exiled again " if Hasselbeck were still there . Hasselbeck is now a co-host of "  Fox & Friends " on the Fox News Channel . With O'Donnell 's return in the news this week , Hasselbeck interrupted her vacation to call in to "  Fox & Friends " and comment about the rumors on Wednesday . She said O'Donnell was "  at ease " and "  walked around with such control " when O'Donnell , Hasselbeck and the rest of the former co-hosts reunited for a farewell to Walters in May . "  I do believe this has been in the works for a very , very long time , " Hasselbeck said . ABC has at least two more seats to fill around "  The View " table , and there has been some speculation that the show might add a male co-host for the first time . A spokeswoman for the show said this week that "  The View " "  will be moving in an exciting new direction next season and ABC has made decisions to evolve the show creatively . " Rosie O'Donnell reveals 50-pound weight loss ` The View ' shakeup : Shepherd , McCarthy stand together Barbara Walters : Farewell to ` The View '	Co-host will be rejoining the show Announcement came from show 's Twitter account Goldberg will be the only current co-host returning
EW.com  -- Is "  Teen Mom 2 " headed the way of "  Jersey Shore " ? The NY Post reports the reality show 's "  days are numbered " in the wake of erratic behavior by co-star Jenelle Evans . The series follows four women who became pregnant while in high school . The Post reports that Evans , following a stint in rehab , got married , became pregnant again , lost her baby due to a miscarriage and then publicly demanded a divorce in a profanity-laden tweet . Now the paper says the network is planning to shelve the show due to Evans ' "  out-of-control antics . " But MTV insisted to EW the show 's fate has not yet been decided . "  No decision has been made yet regarding a fifth season of Teen Mom 2 , " said a network spokesperson . "  But the network is planning to air the fourth season this year and will announce the premiere date soon . " With 3.4 million viewers tuning in for the show 's third season premiere last September , there 's no reason the show could n't simply recast one of its contestants if the only issue was Evans . The network might also want to upscale its brand now that its investing heavily into scripted programming like "  Awkward " and "  Teen Wolf . " MTV gave its original "  Teen Mom " a series finale last year  then again , the network also dove back into the reality depths with Buckwild  . Stay tuned ... See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The series follows four women who became pregnant while in high school MTV insisted to EW the show 's fate has not yet been decided About 3.4 million viewers tuned in for the show 's third season premiere last September
CNN  -- A woman in California delivered what may be the nation 's second live-born set of octuplets on Monday morning , surprising doctors who expected seven babies . Members of the delivery team assigned to assist in the birth of the octuplets , just minutes before the delivery . The six boys and two girls -- ranging in weight from 1 pound 8 ounces to 3 pounds 4 ounces -- were generally doing well in incubators following their Caesarean-section delivery at Kaiser Permanente hospital in Bellflower , California , doctors said . Three of the babies need breathing assistance , but otherwise the eight do n't appear to have serious problems , doctors said at a news conference Monday evening . "  It was a truly amazing delivery , " said Dr. Karen Maples , chief of the hospital 's obstetrics and gynecology department . Doctors initially believed the mother -- whom they did not identify -- was pregnant with seven fetuses . The woman was 23 weeks pregnant when she was hospitalized seven weeks ago and ordered to bed rest . Over a seven-week period , a team of 46 physicians , nurses and other staff prepared for the births . When they started the delivery Monday -- more than nine weeks before the babies would be full term -- they were in for a surprise . "  After we got to Baby G , we were surprised by the discovery of a Baby H , " Maples said . Getting the number correct with ultrasounds before delivery is difficult with so many babies , said Dr. Harold Henry , the hospital 's chief of fetal medicine . "  It is quite easy to miss a baby when you 're expecting seven , " Henry said . The hospital said the woman did n't want her personal information released to the news media , and it would not answer questions about whether she 'd had fertility treatments . Preliminary research indicates this is the second set of live-born octuplets in the United States , according to the hospital . Eight babies believed to be the United States ' first set of live octuplets were born in Houston , Texas , in 1998 . One of the infants died days after birth . The seven other siblings recently celebrated their 10th birthday , the Houston Chronicle reported last month . The first three to seven days will be critical for the California babies , said Dr. Mandhir Gupta , one of the doctors at the news conference . The infants could be in incubators for six to eight weeks and in the hospital for 10 weeks , Gupta said . The mother is doing "  very well " after the deliveries , which took about five minutes , Gupta said . "  She is very excited that she -LSB- has -RSB- all these babies and that the babies are looking good so far , " Gupta said .	Babies may be U.S. 's second set of live-born octuplets , California hospital says Doctors expected seven babies , did n't know of eighth until delivery Octuplets delivered by Caesarean section Monday morning Three require breathing assistance ; next seven days will be critical , doctor says
Beijing  CNN  -- A Beijing official blamed attempts to spark protests in China on people "  harboring illusions , " saying citizens will not take to the streets because they want stability . "  Certain people at home and abroad are using the internet to instigate illegal gatherings in China and play the so-called street politics , " said Wang Hui , director of the Information Office in Beijing . "  But sober-minded people can see that they have chosen the wrong place . It will never happen in Beijing . " In recent weeks , there have been anonymous calls online for people to gather in public places in Beijing and a dozen other Chinese cities in what would be akin to the "  Jasmine Revolution " that has hit parts of the Middle East . There have been no visible signs of street protests , but Chinese authorities have taken measure to avert them . Authorities have deployed heavy security in major streets , especially in Wangfujing , a busy shopping street in downtown Beijing . Wangfujing is one of the places designated for street protests . China has also tightened rules on foreign reporters , explicitly warning them that they risk detention , suspension of press cards and expulsion if they show up at proposed protest sites . "  The people want stability . Those who wish to bring chaos here are harboring illusions , " Wang said at a news conference in the Chinese capital . "  They are doomed to fail . " Last Sunday , some reporters were reportedly man-handled and detained in Wangfujing . Among them was a Bloomberg journalist who was reportedly beaten up by anonymous men . Wang said authorities are investigating the incident , but declined to comment further . "  The city government puts great attention to this case , " Wang said . "  We do not wish such incidents to happen . " Beijing officials distributed reprinted copies of reporting regulations in China , but said the rules have not changed . "  The important matter is that reporters must obtain prior consent from individuals , institutions and work units that you wish to interview , " said Li Hongliang , deputy director of the city 's foreign affairs office . "  We welcome foreign correspondents to report in Beijing and present the international community a true image of China . " Authorities now require foreign journalists to first submit formal applications before reporting in downtown Beijing . Li urged journalists to abide by Chinese regulations .	Chinese official says people trying to spark protests are "  harboring illusions " Authorities deploy heavy security in major streets Calls for protests fail ; China tightens rules on foreign reporters
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Seven former Merrill Lynch executives have been subpoenaed by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo over $ 3.6 billion in bonuses paid out just before the company was acquired by federally bailed-out Bank of America last year , a source close to the investigation told CNN . Seven former Merrill Lynch executives have been subpoenaed to testify about bonuses . Among the subpoenaed executives are Andrea Orcel , Thomas Montag and Peter Kraus , according to the source . The source did not know the names of the other four former executives who received subpoenas . Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis spent four hours last Thursday testifying at the attorney general 's office about the $ 3.6 billion in bonuses that Merrill Lynch paid out just before it was acquired by the bank last year . Lewis declined to give out details of those payments . The New York Attorney General 's office served an earlier subpoena on Bank of America during Lewis ' testimony last week , seeking the full list of individual bonus recipients at Merrill Lynch , according to Benjamin M. Lawsky , a special assistant to Attorney General Andrew Cuomo . "  We obviously wanted to question Mr. Lewis about this list and are very disappointed that Bank of America has chosen not to produce it , " Lawsky said in a written statement . "  As a result , during the testimony ... we served a subpoena on Bank of America for the list , which we intend to obtain . " Lewis , speaking to reporters as he left the attorney general 's office after his testimony last Thursday , said that he had come to "  deliver clarity " and that he answered the questions that were asked to the best of his knowledge . Lewis had been criticized for using a corporate jet to travel to the session . But Bank of America spokesman Timothy Gillis said on Thursday that Lewis did so "  because of the high importance " of the meeting . Bank of America has been allocated $ 45 billion in federal bailout funds , and the Treasury has guaranteed to protect Bank of America against potentially billions of dollars in losses from investments Merrill Lynch made in real estate loans . Former Merrill Lynch chief executive John Thain told investigators two weeks ago that Lewis was aware Merrill employees would be awarded billions of dollars in bonuses before Bank of America 's takeover of Merrill became effective January 1 , according to sources familiar with the investigation . In testimony before the House Financial Services Committee on February 11 , Lewis said he had little involvement in the Merrill bonus plan . "  They were a public company until the first of the year , they had a separate board , separate compensation committee and we had no authority to tell them what to do , just urged them what to do , " Lewis said . But Cuomo 's staff obtained a document , negotiated between Bank of America and Merrill during their takeover negotiations , that set a cap for Merrill Lynch 's bonus pool at about $ 5 billion , said sources with knowledge of the investigation . Bank of America confirmed there was a cap set . Cuomo has accused Merrill Lynch of trying to hide lavish bonus payments . "  Merrill Lynch secretly moved up the planned date to allocate bonuses and then richly rewarded their failed executives , " Cuomo wrote in a letter to House Financial Services Committee Chairman Rep. Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts . Cuomo found Merrill paid its four top bonus recipients $ 121 million and doled out bonuses of $ 1 million or more to 696 employees , as the firm lost $ 15 billion in the fourth quarter . It is not clear how much each of the subpoenaed Merrill executives received in bonus payments . "  I do n't want to see the taxpayers being taken advantage of . And I do n't want to see the taxpayers paying performance bonuses that should n't be paid , " Cuomo said . Cuomo is investigating to see whether failure to disclose the bonus payments to investors violated New York 's Martin Act , a powerful securities law that empowers the attorney general to bring not only civil but also criminal charges . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Amy Sahba contributed to this report	Source : N.Y. Attorney General Andrew Cuomo subpoenas seven former executives More than $ 3.6 billion in bonuses paid before takeover by Bank of America Bank CEO Kenneth Lewis testified last week , did not provide details Bank of America , which bought Merrill Lynch , received federal bailout money
Robertsport , Liberia  CNN  -- When Alfred Lomax took up surfing five years ago , he was regarded as Liberia 's first homegrown surfer . He 's no longer the only Liberian catching waves , but with the sport still a niche interest in the West African country , some are touting Liberia as one of the world 's last undiscovered surfing destinations . Lomax took up surfing shortly after the end of the 14-year civil war that destroyed much of his country . He says being out in the waters off the Liberian coast is like being in heaven . "  Nothing beats surfing , " Lomax says . "  I feel so happy . " While Lomax may be a surfing pioneer in Liberia , he 's not the only one taking advantage of the country 's undisturbed coastline . Keith Chapman runs Surf Liberia , which promotes the country as a surfing destination . A dentist by trade , he came to Liberia five years ago after seeing the desperate need for better healthcare . He had spent four years working on a hospital ship in West Africa , attending to the needs of some of the most deprived people in the world . But he was drawn to Liberia and in 2008 the 37-year-old Texan settled there permanently with his family . Chapman and his few colleagues work long hours at a dental clinic based just outside of the capital , Monrovia . Surfing is Chapman 's release . "  There 's such a massive need that you could work around the clock . You need to set some boundaries , " he says . Chapman hits the water in his spare time with a group of regular surfers at a beach close to his home . There , they can enjoy the waves without having to compete for space . "  Our surfing community is 20 at the largest , " he says . "  In most parts of the world where they have surf this good , that 's unheard of . " Robertsport is Liberia 's most popular destination for surfers , with five point breaks -- locations where waves break offshore -- within walking distance of each other . Word of the uninterrupted surf is starting to filter through to tourists and some are heading to Liberia 's beaches . Swiss surfer Julian Saccaron is in Liberia for six months with his surfer buddies , away from the more popular and more crowded surfing spots in Indonesia and Australia . He knows it 's only a matter of time before more people discover what Liberia has to offer . "  We 've already talked with each other and said just breathe it in , suck it in , because it will not be the same when we come back , " he says . While Saccaron may want to keep the coastline a secret , local surfers hope their beaches will bring more tourists -- and more money -- to communities that currently depend on fishing for survival . But Liberia is a long way from being a mass-tourism destination . "  People are going to have to be prepared for some sort of adventure . It 's not a place where you can get a package holiday , " says Chapman . He believes it will be a while before there is a tourism boom in a country which is trying hard to rid itself of its reputation as a war-torn nation . "  I think once we get beyond that stigma , then more people will come , " he says . "  It 's still got a way to go -- public transport and roads are a bit of an issue -- but safety is not really an issue , crime is very low . " Nonetheless , the U.S. State Department urges U.S. citizens to "  exercise caution when traveling in Liberia , " while Britain 's Foreign Office advises against "  all but essential travel to all areas of Liberia outside the capital , Monrovia . " Both warn that crime is high , especially after dark . But while Liberia undoubtedly still has economic and social problems , Chapman believes surfers can help alleviate them . He encourages the surfing community to become involved in voluntary work and he hopes Liberia 's waves will entice more humanitarian workers who can help to rebuild the nation . "  I 'm sure there are lots of dentists out there who surf , " he says . Lomax is hoping it 's not just tourists who take advantage of his country 's surf . He wants more Liberians to follow his lead and take up the sport . "  I look at all the sports in our country -- people play soccer , basketball , and surfing is not part of that , " he says . "  So I decided I want to bring surfing to Liberia and make Liberia one of the biggest surfing countries in the world . "	Liberian Alfred Lomax took up surfing five years ago , shortly after the end of the civil war Robertsport is known for its ideal surf conditions with five point breaks Tourist are starting to head to Liberia 's shores to make the most of the waves Many Liberians are hoping more tourists will come , bringing more money to the country
CNN  -- A shipment of Patriot missiles that Finnish authorities found and seized was legal and authorized , the German government said Thursday . A Germany Defense Ministry official said the missiles , found on board the Thor Liberty , were part of a German delivery for South Korea under a longstanding agreement . This was to be the last such delivery , said Lt. Col. Holger Neumann . Earlier , a customs official familiar with the case told CNN the shipment departed December 6 from the German port of Emden . "  The exporters had all necessary permissions , including an export authorization and a special authorization for the export of war weapons , " the source said . Finnish authorities said Wednesday they had impounded the 69 Patriot missiles and were investigating . Police said they also found explosives and propelling charges aboard the British-flagged cargo ship at the port of Kotka , about 75 miles east of Helsinki . Police said the shipment was headed for Shanghai , China , but Neumann and the customs official said the destination was South Korea . The Patriot is a surface-to-air missile system manufactured by the U.S. company Raytheon and has been sold to various nations . Finnish authorities found the defense materials during a customs search . Authorities found 150 tons of explosives , Finland 's National Bureau of Investigation said . In a statement , the bureau said that on Wednesday evening , "  customs apprehended two persons on a suspicion of an export offense " involving "  defense supplies . " Defense forces were asked to assist in securing and guarding the materials , the bureau said . CNN 's Rick Noack and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : German Defense Ministry says the shipment was part of a military agreement with South Korea NEW : This was to be the last such delivery , a ministry official says Finnish authorities impounded 69 Patriot missiles and other materials Two people were apprehended , Finland says
A 60-foot-wide sinkhole formed under a resort in central Florida late Sunday , forcing guests out of their rooms as one three-story building collapsed and another slowly sank . Guests at the Summer Bay Resort in Clermont , about 10 minutes from Walt Disney World , called for help before the collapse , saying they heard loud noises and windows cracking . All guests inside the buildings -- an estimated 35 people , authorities said -- were evacuated before the first structure crumbled . Sinkhole eating family out of house and home A roughly 15-foot-deep crater swallowed much of one building , Lake County Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Tony Cuellar said . Aerial video from CNN affiliate WFTV showed one end of the building -- which had held two-bedroom , two-bathroom villas -- still standing , but the rest reduced to a pile of debris . The evacuation started after 10:30 p.m. , when a guest told a security guard about a "  window blowing out , " said resort president Paul Caldwell . After another window broke in the guard 's presence , the guard called a co-worker and , together , they got everybody out . "  He estimated , I think , about 40 minutes after everyone was evacuated , the big fall came , " Caldwell said about the first guard . "  His quick thinking , in my opinion , saved lives , or limbs , or injuries , " he said . No injuries were reported . A couple and their infant escaped through a window because a door frame had collapsed , witness Maggie Ghamry told WFTV . "  He , his wife and an infant , he had to break the window so they could escape , " Ghamry told WFTV . "  There were windows breaking everywhere . "  One woman was sitting in the tub , and the tub levitated , and that 's when she just grabbed a pair of shorts and came out with nothing . " CNN affiliate WFTV : Buildings damaged That woman was n't the only one to leave belongings behind . Other guests left keys and bags in their rooms , and it was n't clear Monday whether guests would be able to get items back from parts of the collapsed building , Caldwell said . The resort has made other rooms available to all of the affected guests . "  Those items ... to be very bluntly , realistic -- may never be retrieved , " Caldwell said . "  They are not going to let us in there to go get stuff for people . " Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly Florida is notorious for mammoth sinkholes . In February , a sinkhole opened beneath a suburban Tampa home , swallowing 36-year-old Jeff Bush from his bedroom . Bush 's body was never recovered . Sinkholes often start when bedrock dissolves but the surface of the ground stays intact . The void eventually collapses . Living with a sinkhole under your home	A guard is hailed for helping to save "  lives , or limbs , or injuries " Witness says couple , infant escaped through window after door frame collapsed Two buildings at the Summer Bay Resort in Lake County are affected All of the estimated 35 guests in the two buildings were evacuated and accounted for
CNN  -- A junior professor drives his Doppler On Wheels mobile radar trucks through Moore , Oklahoma , less than 90 seconds after a tornado has torn a path of destruction through the city . Debris -- pieces of homes -- falls from the sky onto his truck . The scene is shocking ; wrecks of houses covered with dirt are all that is left in the twister 's path , and people are still huddled underground in shelters . The professor does n't know it yet , but he has just recorded 302 mph winds in the core of the vortex , the strongest wind speed ever measured anywhere in the world . He does n't learn until later that his wife and baby are in a shelter just 3 miles south of the tornado . The year was 1999 . The professor was me . Forty-six people died in tornadoes that day . I was chasing twisters with the DOW radars -- mobile weather radars driven up to tornadoes to make ultra-fine detail , 3-D maps of the winds and debris . I was trying to learn more about how tornadoes form , about how the winds cause destruction , with the optimistic hope that this would soon lead to better forecasts , longer warning lead times , fewer false alarms , fewer deaths . Tornado prediction is improving , scientists say In 1999 , tornado warnings were issued by the National Weather Service an average of 13 short minutes before touchdown , and the false alarm rate was a whopping 75 % . The same remains essentially true now . And on Monday , my team and several other teams of really smart scientists with mobile radars and other equipment independently concluded -- incorrectly -- that southern Oklahoma , about 50 miles south of Moore , was at the highest risk of strong tornadoes . We all missed the opportunity to collect data in the Moore tornado . Opinion : We love and fear the Oklahoma skies Why ? Why have n't scientists and all the smart forecasters been able to improve tornado forecasts ? And why , even when communities like Moore , Oklahoma , and Joplin , Missouri ,  devasted by a tornado in 2011  and others are warned sometimes 30 minutes ahead of time do so many people die ? We ca n't expect that there will be zero deaths from tornadoes , but can we do better ? For people to be safe from tornadoes , several things must happen . Scientists need to better understand the details of how tornadoes form , what events precede tornado formation , and how to better distinguish between thunderstorms that will make tornadoes and the overwhelming majority that will not . Then , forecasters need to be able to integrate that knowledge with observations , mainly from the national network of government weather surveillance radars and computer simulations to detect tornado precursors . Warnings need to be effectively communicated to those most at risk , using traditional methods such as sirens and weather radio and new media like Twitter . Finally , those who are warned need to heed these warnings and take immediate and effective precautions . Opinion : The making of a nightmare tornado In recent years , scientists have learned much about tornadoes . The National Science Foundation 's DOWs have mapped the winds in nearly 200 different tornadoes , large and small , during birth and death , and while passing through towns . Scientists , supported by the foundation and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , are analyzing nearly 30 terabytes of data , -- the equivalent of about 8,000 DVDs -- collected during VORTEX2  or Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes  . VORTEX2 is the largest and most ambitious tornado study in history -- begun in 2009 -- in which 100 scientists in 50 scientific vehicles surrounded and probed tornadic super-cell thunderstorms . The formation of tornadoes is hard to predict , but we are making headway in identifying potential precursors . But , as our missed forecasts for Moore show , we have a long way to go . Even with the most sophisticated instruments , we ca n't tell even 20 minutes ahead of time whether a super-cell will become a tornado . Opinion : The extraordinary courage of teachers The public and local governments have a critical role to play . No matter what warnings are issued by forecasters , every adult 's safety is ultimately in his or her own hands . One has to choose first to heed a warning . Then , critically , one has to have a safe place to go . In particular , buildings hosting the most vulnerable -- schools and hospitals -- need to have hardened shelters . Communities need to enforce the most basic and inexpensive good building practices so that roofs are attached securely to walls , which are anchored to foundations , so that buildings are more resistant to tornadoes . Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why I believe that we are doing a pretty good job at all of this . While the tolls in Moore and Joplin are tragic , most people who lived and worked in even the worst swaths of destruction survived . During the 1999 tornado , for example , more than 400 homes were completely destroyed -- not just some walls down , but all walls down -- but only about 40 people died . Many thousands lived in the paths of the 2011 Joplin and 2013 Moore tornadoes , and only a small fraction died . But we can and should do much better . Tornado deaths can be reduced , if not to zero then still substantially . It will take the continued efforts of scientists , forecasters , builders , community planners and ultimately the people who live in the path of the most intensely destructive phenomenon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Wurman .	Joshua Wurman : Research has improved tornado tracking , but it remains imprecise , flawed He says warning speed , false alarms change little . People still die . We must do better He says synthesis of research , radar observation will help . Communications must improve Wurman : Public must heed warnings , build tornado-proof structures , to bring deaths to zero
Rolling Stone  -- Jonathan Demme ca n't get enough of Neil Young . The Academy Award-winning director recently completed "  Neil Young Journeys , " his third feature-length documentary on the iconic folk-rocker , which mingles footage of Young alone onstage at Toronto 's Massey hall with moving scenes of him driving through his childhood home of Omeeme , Ontario . It opens on Friday , June 29 , in New York and Los Angeles , then rolls out across the country all summer . Demme is the acclaimed director of a long list of dramatic films , including 1991 's horrific "  Silence of the Lambs " and 2008 's "  Rachel Getting Married " -- but music is never far from his mind . He collaborated with David Byrne on the classic Talking Heads concert film , "  Stop Making Sense , " in 1984 , and music is a crucial part of his dramatic movies , including 1993 's "  Philadelphia , " which features deeply emotional original songs from Young and Bruce Springsteen . In 1995 , Demme and Young followed their "  Philadelphia " collaboration with "  The Complex Sessions , " a five-song short film with Crazy Horse . Between 2006 's "  Heart of Gold , " 2009 's "  Neil Young Trunk Show " and now , "  Journeys , " they 've completed a trilogy of feature-length films that capture different phases of Young 's work . Demme , who just finished shooting an adaptation of Henrick Ibsen 's "  The Master Builder " with Wallace Shawn and Andre Gregory  "  My Dinner With Andre "  , spoke to Rolling Stone about his love of music , Young 's film director alter-ego Bernard Shakey and his long journey through the past with Young . Rolling Stone : When did you first become aware of Neil Young and his music ? Jonathan Demme : In the Sixties , when Buffalo Springfield came out . Like most young people , I was very engaged with contemporary music , especially because of the Beatles , which made everybody listen that much closer to everything . It was such a thrilling moment in popular music . And now , here 's Buffalo Springfield , and they 're great . And there 's one particular individual in there -- he was n't singing too many of the songs , but he was writing these amazing songs , singing a little bit . I remember the Neil Young brand hitting me very hard immediately . He was n't an acquired taste . I loved him immediately . Rolling Stone : Buffalo Springfield broke up pretty fast . Demme : They only put out three albums . I kind of despaired a little bit : "  Oh , what , no more Springfield ? " Then , bam , here comes the solo album , which was so amazing . I was a rock critic at that point . I lived in London and was a writer for a Boston-based alternative newspaper called Fusion . I reviewed Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young at the Albert Hall in ' 69 . I read that -LSB- review -RSB- fairly recently , and I was very turned off by David Crosby talking too much , but then I was very turned on by Neil Young . Rolling Stone : It seems like the last 20 years of his career are the most documented ones . Journeys is your third feature-length film with him . Demme : The first one we did , "  Heart of Gold , " really turned out well , and we got to know each other aesthetically and personally quite well . "  Trunk Show " was not conceived as a movie . He had a great tour going , great lighting , great set , great song list , great band . That 's a concert film . I do n't think "  Journeys " is a concert film -- it 's a performance film with a strong documentary component to it . A couple of years later , he 's touring with the -LSB- "  Le Noise " -RSB- show . I was struck immediately by the magnitude of the sound in the context of one man , this grizzled maestro with electric guitars and other things , filling up these halls with this amazing music . And I thought , "  There 's never been a performance film like that before . " So it became an opportunity to do something completely different from what we 'd done before . And maybe we can add this other travel dimension to it . He 's a great artist , a great entertainer , and endlessly desirable to see and hear . Rolling Stone : Are you a fan of Bernard Shakey 's work as a filmmaker ? Demme : I have a lot of respect for Bernard Shakey . I love Greendale . It 's a wonderful American independent movie . It 's fantastic . When David Byrne and I were getting ready to do "  Stop Making Sense , " we were looking at concert films and trying to figure out how we could do a film that was different from all the rest , and also would be really good . For David , "  Rust Never Sleeps " was the one he wanted to be as good as . Rolling Stone : You do a lot of driving with Young in "  Journeys . " How is he behind the wheel ? Demme : He 's good . I do n't know if you 've driven a pre-power steering car lately , but those things are hard , man . They 're physically demanding , and they do n't respond really well . We started in little towns with serene back roads . We wound up on the freeway , and what was cute and charming in a Crown Victoria back in Omeeme , now becomes this bizarre relic amidst a stream of modern speeding cars . It wound up kind of poignant . I never thought I 'd say to myself , "  Oh , poor Neil . " By the time he 's in downtown Toronto in his charming old car , he looked really vulnerable . Rolling Stone : For anyone who has listened to Neil Young 's music , to actually see the "  town in North Ontario " that he sings about in "  Helpless " was fascinating . Demme : I know ! Whenever you heard that line , did n't you always picture something ? It was very beautiful , whatever it was . And it was kind of amazing to get to that town in North Ontario and see , what do you know , it is gorgeous . It is dreamlike . And , amazingly , it 's still here . Rolling Stone : There is also a scene where you go to a childhood home of his , and all that 's left is the lawn . Demme : Yeah , and the symbolism of actually seeing the earthmovers right at work even as he 's driving away . It 's almost like , "  You better get out of there , Neil , before they gobble you up like that old house . " Rolling Stone : How do you explain the powerful connection between film and music ? Demme : We 're raised on these two incredible treats . We hear music coming over the radio first ; we fall in love with music . We see television , and we fall in love with the moving image . A music film is what takes these two separate , wonderful experiences and marries them . I felt from time to time that shooting live music is the most purely cinematic thing you can do . Ideally , the cinema is becoming one with the music . There is little artifice involved . There 's no acting . I love it . Rolling Stone : It 's also a big part in your dramatic films , like your use of the song "  Goodbye Horses " in "  Silence of the Lambs , " when the serial killer Buffalo Bill is primping in the mirror . Demme : That song was n't in the script . The first time I heard that song , I was doing the final mix on a "  Sun City " video with Little Steven and -LSB- producer -RSB- Arthur Baker . We finished it up , and there was a blizzard going on in New York . Arthur and I got in a cab , and after we drop him off , the driver says to me , "  Are you in the music business ? " "  Uh , not really . " So she puts on "  Goodbye Horses " going through a blizzard , and , "  Oh my God , what is this and who are you ? " She was an unsigned singer Q Lazzarus , and that song ended up in Silence of the Lambs . And I asked her to sing David Byrne 's song "  Heaven " at a party scene in Philadelphia . Rolling Stone : It added so much depth to the moment . Demme : Music has that potential . It can be like something that saves you in a scene that is n't working that great -- the right music can make a weak scene acceptable . It can also add a whole other dimension to a scene . It can send it right into the ozone . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jonathan Demme recently completed "  Neil Young Journeys " It is his third feature-length documentary on the iconic folk-rocker Demme is the acclaimed director of "  Silence of the Lambs " and "  Rachel Getting Married "
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi human rights activist Hanaa Edwar has proved she is not afraid to speak her mind . In June this year she stormed into a televised government conference and harangued Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki about the arrest of four protesters by the army . In a video clip widely circulated on YouTube she holds up photos of the young protesters and shouts : "  We , HR  human rights  NGOs accused of being terrorists , is this possible ? " Edwar , the 65-year-old secretary of an Iraqi human rights association , Al-Amal , laughs as she looks back at the clip . She said her outburst was sparked by comments by Al-Maliki . "  He said I ask my friends and U.N. to see that some of the HR organizations in Iraq , they are killers and criminals , " said Edwar . "  It is my duty to say something in this situation , I ca n't be shut up . " Al-Amal was founded in 1992 after the Gulf War to help relieve the suffering of Iraqi people and build a just and democratic society , according to the organization . There have been demonstrations in Iraq since February demanding basic services and reforms . Both Al-Amal and Human Rights Watch are concerned the government is trying to portray the protesters as terrorists , and allowing thugs to beat and sexually assault them . Despite her long career in human rights , Edwar is pessimistic about the current state of her country . "  We are losing everything now in Iraq , even you know , our dream for democracy , our dream for elections , " she said . She said she is inspired to continue her work by young people like 21-year-old Noof Assi , one of her employees . Who are Middle East 's most influential women ? Assi brushes off the harassment she receives driving to work each day through checkpoints manned by security forces . "  I do n't trust them , " she said . "  Sometimes they just become aggressive with the people , sometimes because I am a girl and driving they make fun of me . " Assi has long kept a blog and wrote about the terror she lived through at the age of 17 during the Iraq War . She said : "  One day I remember my sister hit me and she told me ` Come on , cry , ' because I could n't drop any tear because I see dead people , I see people killed in front of me , so the life at that time does n't matter for me . " One entry from her blog at the time read : "  I dream to sleep without painkillers , I dream to wake up in a home that gives me love and hope , not to end it up in a grave . " Assi has also set up a website , Iqpalmtree , celebrating heroic and accomplished Iraqi women throughout history . She said : "  My first goal was to make the Iraqis know about their women , because in our culture they do n't take them seriously , that 's what I want to change . " Among those featured are Marie Teresar Asmer , an adventurer born in 1804 whose original diary is on display in the UK , and Hanaa Sadiz , an award-winning fashion designer currently working in Europe . And of course , her idol , Hanaa Edwar .	Human rights activist stormed into government conference to confront Nuri Al-Maliki Hanaa Edwar said she was provoked by attempts to smear demonstrators as terrorists Young activists give Edwar hope for the future
CNN  -- It was madness . At Jalalabad Airfield , in eastern Afghanistan in the summer of 2006 , a young intelligence analyst named Jacob Whittaker tried with great difficulty to understand exactly what he was hearing . The 10th Mountain Division of the United States Army wanted to do what ? Whittaker had to choose his words carefully . He was just a low-ranking "  specialist " with the Idaho National Guard , a very low man on a very tall totem pole . A round-faced 26-year-old , Whittaker had simple tastes -- Boise State football , comic books -- and a reputation for mulishness belied by his innocent appearance . Whittaker stared at his superior officer , 2nd Lt. Ryan Lockner , who was running this briefing for him and Sgt. Aaron Ives . Lockner headed intelligence for Task Force Talon , the Army 's aviation component at Jalalabad Airfield , in Nangarhar Province , adjacent to the Pakistan border . Military leaders considered this area , officially designated Regional Command East , the most dangerous part of an increasingly dangerous country . Lockner had an assignment . Soldiers from the 10th Mountain -- a light infantry division designed for quick deployment and fighting in harsh conditions -- had recently come to this hot corner of Afghanistan and would soon be spreading throughout the region , setting up outposts and bases . More specifically , they would be establishing a camp in Nuristan Province . The members of the intelligence team led by Lockner did n't know much about Nuristan , as U.S. forces had generally been focusing their efforts on Kunar Province , which had become a haven for Taliban insurgents and foreign fighters sneaking in from Pakistan to oppose the American "  infidels . " During one operation in Kunar the previous summer , in 2005 , 19 U.S. troops -- Special Forces -- had been killed by such insurgents , and since then , the United States had increased its presence there . Helicopters flying in and out of Kunar Province were fired upon at least twice a week , every week , with small arms and/or rocket-propelled grenades . Tapper on ` the bravest of the brave ' Nuristan was farther north , a province so mythically untamed that one of the greatest writers of the English language , Rudyard Kipling , had chosen it as the setting for his 1888 novella "  The Man Who Would Be King . " One of Kipling 's British adventurers , Daniel Dravot , describes Nuristan as a place where "  no one has gone ... and they fight , and in any place where they fight a man who knows how to drill men can always be a king . " "  You 'll be cut to pieces before you 're 50 miles across the border , " warns Kipling 's narrator . "  The people are utter brutes , and even if you reached them you could n't do anything . " The region 's previous brigade commander , Col. Pat Donahue , had n't thought Nuristan had much strategic value , so conventional forces had n't been posted there , and no one had troubled to find out much about the native people , the Nuristanis , a distinct and outlying ethnic group within Afghanistan . In a departure from his predecessor 's policy , Donahue 's replacement -- Col. John "  Mick " Nicholson , the commander of the 10th Mountain Division 's 3rd Brigade , known as the Spartan Brigade -- ordered the establishment of small outposts throughout the area in the summer of 2006 , in an attempt not only to stop the Taliban fighters who were streaming in from Pakistan , often with bushels of weapons , but also to win over the locals , who were predisposed to a suspicion of outsiders . Lockner had just returned from Forward Operating Base Naray , in Kunar Province , where he 'd met with officers of the 10th Mountain Division 's 3rd Squadron , 71st Cavalry Regiment , or "  3‑71 Cav . " They 'd told him of their plan to set up an outpost in the Kamdesh District of Nuristan Province , for which he would be in charge of identifying suitable helicopter landing zones . The new base would sit adjacent to the Nuristan hamlet of Urmul . A small settlement missing from most maps , Urmul was home to fewer than 40 families of Nuristanis , or roughly 200 people , who lived in houses made of wood and rock and mud sealant . The residents were primarily subsistence farmers trying to eke out a living through both crops and livestock , but the U.S. Army knew little more than that about them . Coalition forces likewise had next to no intelligence about the enemy in Nuristan -- its numbers , its location , its intentions , or , most important , its capabilities -- which was one of the reasons the brass was pushing to build a base there . This was the essential difficulty of the task at hand : The higher-ups in the U.S. Army needed to know about the enemy in this unexplored province , so in order to learn as much as they could , they were going to stick a small group of troops in its midst . For all Lockner knew when he flew over Urmul to reconnoiter , the hamlet might have been Osama bin Laden 's secret compound . Hero soldier to get medal of honor "  They 're going to build another outpost , " Lockner told Whittaker and Ives back at Jalalabad Airfield . "  So I need you to take this terrain analysis I started , finish it , and make it pretty so I can brief it in the morning . " Many troops were far more proficient in PowerPoint than they were with firearms , so Whittaker understood just what Lockner meant by "  make it pretty " : The slides for the presentation needed to look crisp and to make a compelling case . "  Where are they going ? " Whittaker asked . Lockner gestured at the topographical map . "  Right over here , northwest of Naray , " he said . "  Where the Darreh ye Kushtaz and Landay-Sin Rivers meet . " Whittaker looked at the spot , stunned . "  Right there ? " he asked . "  Right there , " confirmed Lockner . "  Can you do it ? " "  I can do it ; I have all night , " Whittaker said . "  But sir ... that is a really awful place for a base . " This new camp in the Kamdesh District would , like the dangerous Korangal outpost that their pilots knew too well , be surrounded by higher ground . But whereas the base in the Korangal was situated about halfway up a mountainside , in a former lumberyard , the one in Kamdesh would sit in a cup within the valley 's deepest cleft , ringed by three steep mountains that formed part of the 500-mile-long Hindu Kush mountain range . Blocked off on its northern , western , and southern sides by rivers and mountains , it would moreover be a mere 14 miles distant from the official Pakistan border -- a porous boundary that meant little to the insurgents who regularly crossed it to kill Americans and Afghan government officials before taking refuge in caves or in the mountains or returning to their haven across the border . The camp would be one of the most remote outposts in this most remote part of a country that was itself cut off from much of the rest of the world , and the area all around it would be filled with people who wanted to kill those stationed there . Defending the indefensible "  So it 's located at the base of a mountain peak ? " Whittaker asked . It did n't take a Powell or a Schwarzkopf to know that as a matter of basic military strategy , it was better to be at the top of a hill than at the bottom of a valley . "  Yes . " "  And it 's flanked by a river on the west and another river to the north ? " Whittaker continued . "  And there 's no good road to get to it -- they 're still building that , " Lockner volunteered . The Army had been coordinating efforts to build up the vulnerable and narrow path from Naray to Kamdesh , but rain , steep cliffs , insurgent threats , and high turnover rates among local construction workers had led to frequent delays . The road , often running along the edge of a cliff that spilled into the Landay-Sin River , was a mere 13 feet wide at its widest , and in some spots only half that -- narrower than many military vehicles . A soldier could be killed just driving on that road , without ever coming into contact with a single enemy fighter . "  And it 's an eternity away by helicopter if something goes wrong , " Whittaker said . "  Yup , " agreed Lockner . "  Sir , this is a really bad idea , " said Whittaker . "  A. Really . Bad . Idea . Anyone we drop off there is going to die . "	CNN 's Jake Tapper tells the story of Compound Outpost Keating in his book Afghanistan 's Compound Outpost Keating was brutally attacked in 2009 The attack pitted 53 U.S. soldiers against 400 Taliban fighters
PARIS , France -- Top-seeded Maria Sharapova was a shock casualty at the French Open on Monday when she crashed 6-7 7-6 6-2 against fellow Russian Dinara Safina in Paris . Ecstasy : Safina releases her emotions after her comeback win over Maria Sharapova in the French Open last 16 . Bidding for the only Grand Slam title she has yet to win , new world No. 1 Sharapova twice blew big leads in the second set . Sharapova 's customary screeches reached maximum volume as the match slipped away , and the noise seemed to annoy fans . They whistled and booed Sharapova as she left Court Suzanne Lenglen after the match , and she did n't acknowledge the crowd . "  I ca n't please everyone . It 's not in my job description , " she said . "  I 'm an athlete , and I go out there and fight my heart out . They paid the ticket to watch me , so they must appreciate me on some level , right ? " Sharapova won five consecutive games in the second set to go ahead 5-2 , and held a match point serving in the next game . She also led 5-2 in the second tiebreaker before losing five consecutive points , then unraveled down the stretch , losing the final four games and 10 of the last 12 points . It was the latest setback for Sharapova on clay , her least-favorite surface . "  On this stuff , things happen in a hurry , " she said . "  It was all in her hands , " Safina said . "  Then suddenly it changed . " Safina , the younger sister of two-time Grand Slam champion Marat Safin , duplicated her upset of Sharapova in the fourth round at Roland Garros in 2006 . She received a congratulatory text from her brother and said she hopes to join him as the winner of a major title . "  A dream of all our family , " she said . "  Once we do this , we can put the racket on the wall and say we did everything we could . But to get to his level , I still have to work a little bit harder . " The No. 13-seeded Safina 's next opponent will be No. 7 Elena Dementieva , who won another all-Russian matchup against No. 11 Vera Zvonareva , 6-4 1-6 6-2 . Trailing Sharapova 5-3 in the second set , Safina saved match point with a backhand winner , then broke two points later when Sharapova pushed a forehand wide . In the second tiebreaker , Sharapova double-faulted for 5-4 and then hit three errant backhands . That evened the match , but the momentum favored Safina . Sharapova 's customary squeals during rallies became more intense during the sixth game of the final set , and she screamed at herself after points . "  Just trying to pump myself up , " she said . "  I was trying to get angry about something . I just started playing tentatively . " She erased three break points before conceding the game with a forehand into the net . That gave Safina a 4-2 lead , and she closed out the victory , falling to her knees with glee when Sharapova socked a wild forehand on match point . It was latest in a series of memorable victories over the past month for Safina . She was the last player to beat recently retired Justine Henin , a four-time French Open champion . That upset came on clay in early May at Berlin , where Safina went on to win the biggest title of her career . "  She 's a really tough opponent on this surface , " Sharapova said . "  I came very close , but it did n't go my way for some reason . " In other fourth round ties , Russian fourth seed Svetlana Kuznetsova was leading Belarussian 16th seed Victoria Azarenka 6-2 2-2 while Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic and Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi were 3-6 6-3 when play was halted .	Top-seeded Maria Sharapova was a shock casualty at the French Open World No. 1 crashed 6-7 7-6 6-2 against fellow Russian Dinara Safina Safina , the 13th seed , faces another Russian Elena Dementieva in last 8
CNN  -- Kimi Raikkonen wants to stay with Lotus , the Formula One team 's boss said amid claims the former world champion is targeting a return to Ferrari . The Finn 's future has been a hot topic of discussion during the mid-season break , which comes to an end with this weekend 's Belgian Grand Prix . Raikkonen has also been linked with a move to Red Bull , although reports suggest Toro Rosso 's Daniel Ricciardo is set to become reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel 's No. 2 when Mark Webber leaves at the end of this season . Raikkonen sits second in the individual standings in 2013 , behind Vettel . "  Kimi wants to stay with us , " Lotus team principal Eric Boullier told CNN . "  We want to keep Kimi . There are a lot of teams who  would  like to have Kimi on board now . "  It 's up to him to choose what he wants to do . We know what he wants . We will do everything that we can to get what he wants . We need to make him just happy to stay . So far he wants to stay so we 'll see . " Boullier 's comments appeared to be echoed by the 33-year-old 's manager Steve Robertson . He told Autosport that Lotus was in pole position and would hang on to Raikkonen -- provided he has a car that can compete for a world title . It contradicted another report Monday that stated Raikkonen was seeking a return to Ferrari , where he won his lone world championship in 2007 . "  Lotus holds the key to Raikkonen 's future , " Robertson told Autosport . "  If the team can provide him with the answers he is seeking , which will ensure he has a car that can fight for race wins and the championship , then he will stay . " Raikkonen did n't answer any questions about his future Thursday because he was ill and missed his media briefing ahead of the Belgian Grand Prix , Lotus said . He is seeking a fifth victory at the famed Spa-Francorchamps circuit . "  I bet every driver likes Spa and I have so many good memories there , " Raikkonen told Lotus ' official website Wednesday . "  For me it 's the greatest circuit in the world and it has been my favorite place since my first ever visit there in 2000 with Formula Renault . "  It 's great to go racing with a modern car at a proper circuit which has such a great tradition . You ca n't get the same feeling anywhere else . "	Kimi Raikkonen wants to stay with Lotus and Lotus wants to keep him , said his team Raikkonen has been linked with former employer Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel 's Red Bull Raikkonen 's manager said Lotus "  holds the key " to the Finn 's future Raikkonen is bidding to win his fifth Belgian Grand Prix as the season resumes this weekend
CNN  -- In September of 2006 , President Bush announced that 14 suspected terrorists who were being held in CIA custody had been transferred to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Alleged 9/11 planner Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was held in secret and moved to Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The men were to be tried before military tribunals . U.S. officials have said the suspects are linked to terrorist plots -- both successful and thwarted . Those terror plots include the 2002 bombings on the resort island of Bali , the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen and the 1998 attack on the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania . During a news conference acknowledging the transfer of these prisoners , Bush told reporters what set them apart from other U.S. captives . "  These are dangerous men with unparalleled knowledge about terrorist networks and their plans for new attacks , " said Bush . He said "  questioning the detainees in this program has given us information that has saved innocent lives by helping us stop new attacks -- here in the United States and across the world . " Bush said the prisoners would be questioned at the Guantanamo prison "  subject to the new U.S. Army Field Manual " and "  they will continue to be treated with the humanity that they denied others . " "  I want to be absolutely clear with our people , and the world : The United States does not torture , " said Bush . "  It 's against our laws , and it 's against our values . I have not authorized it -- and I will not authorize it . " Although President Obama has promised to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay , prisoners there still face military tribunals . One of the 14 men has been moved from Guantanamo to U.S. soil and is being tried in federal court .	In ' 06 , suspected terrorists in CIA custody moved from secret prisons to Gitmo President Bush : Group included suspects linked to 9/11 , Bali bombs , USS Cole Interactive gallery includes photos , details on the 14 prisoners One of the prisoners was moved to U.S. for federal trial
CNN  -- A well-known Mexican actress who has played crime bosses on television says she trusts the purported head of the Sinaloa cartel more than government officials . "  Today I believe more in El Chapo Guzman than in the governments that hide the truth from me even though it is painful , " actress Kate del Castillo said in a message linked to her Spanish-language Twitter account this week . Del Castillo starred as a drug trafficker in Telemundo 's popular prime-time soap opera "  La Reina del Sur "  "  The Queen of the South "  and also played Mexican crime boss Pilar Zuazo on the Showtime series "  Weeds . " Her wide-ranging online post -- which outlines the movie star 's beliefs on topics such as the goodness of the human race , the Roman Catholic Church and marriage -- came the same week that officials from the U.S. Department of the Treasury called Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman "  the world 's most powerful drug trafficker . " Guzman , who is accused of running a major network that distributes cocaine and heroin , has been indicted by U.S. authorities in Chicago , New York and Los Angeles . In 2004 , the U.S. government announced a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his arrest and conviction . Ghastly toll in 2011 Mexico drug violence : 13,000 killed He is worth about $ 1 billion , according to Forbes Magazine , which began listing the drug kingpin on its billionaires list in 2009 . The magazine ranks him as No. 55 on its Most Powerful People list . Del Castillo 's online post addresses the drug lord directly : "  Mr. Chapo : Would n't it be cool if you started to traffic in goodness ? With cures for diseases , with food for children in the street , with alcohol for nursing homes . ... trafficking with corrupt politicians instead of with women and children that end up as slaves ? With burning all the pimps that treat a woman like she 's worth no more than a pack of cigarettes ? " she writes . "  With no supply there is no demand . Do it , sir , and you would be the hero of heroes . Let 's traffic with love . You know how . " The post has sparked debate in Mexico and beyond the nation 's borders . Singer Ricky Martin re-tweeted it Tuesday . "  Bravo Kate , " he wrote . CNN 's Maria Elisa Callejas contributed to this report .	Actress : "  I believe more in El Chapo Guzman than in governments that hide the truth " Kate del Castillo played a crime boss on "  Weeds " and a Spanish-language soap opera "  Mr. Chapo : Would n't it be cool if you started to traffic in goodness ? " she writes Singer Ricky Martin re-tweets it , saying "  Bravo Kate "
Budget Travel  -- From skipping long lines at Walt Disney World to blending in with the locals on any adventure , smartphone travel apps can keep just about any obstacle from hindering your trip . Here are five top apps that will come in handy once you get there . See all of Budget Travel 's "  best " apps LOOK LIKE A LOCAL Because some things just require visuals , Howcast 's user-generated video tutorials cover everything from taxi strategies in New York City to the proper consumption of soba in Japan to nude-beach etiquette .  Then again , maybe some things do n't belong in a video .  The short clips load quickly and particularly shine on the larger-format iPad . Free . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone/iPad . SURVIVE WITHOUT A PLAN So the museum you planned to visit was closed , and now you 've got a free afternoon on your hands . Goby has you covered : The app searches events and activities near you -- live-music shows , family-friendly outings and outdoorsy pursuits -- and plots them on a map with details and photos . Free . Download it : Android , iPhone/iPad . How to be a packing genius SKIP THE LINES The new Undercover Tourist app made for savvy Walt Disney World-goers delivers accurate wait times for every ride in the Magic Kingdom , Epcot , Hollywood Studios and Animal Kingdom . At day 's end , a built-in GPS helps you navigate right back to your car . $ 4 . Download it : iPhone/iPad . EXPLORE YOUR OPTIONS Lonely Planet has created the perfect pairing of inspiration and information . First , flip through the colorful , photo-heavy 1000 Ultimate Experiences iPad app for thumbnail takes on some of the world 's most intriguing destinations . Then use the brand 's dedicated guides  for over 75 cities  to hunt for specifics , like how to get a bus pass for the MUNI in San Francisco or when to catch the ferry for a visit to Alcatraz . 1000 Ultimate Experiences $ 5 , city guides $ 6 . Download it : iPad  The 1000 Ultimate Experiences  ; iPhone/iPad  city guides  . Quiz : Name That Hotel Chain FIND A PLACE TO "  GO " Like it or not , Starbucks outposts have unofficially replaced service stations as America 's favorite rest stops . Fortunately for travelers , both are mapped on the SitOrSquat app . More than 99,000 restrooms are represented  concentrated in larger cities in the U.S. and Europe  , with details like hours , changing-table availability , and , of course , a "  sit " or "  squat " recommendation . Free . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone/iPad . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Blending in with the locals is easier with smartphone travel apps If your plans fall through , Goby searches events and activities near you The Undercover Tourist app is for Walt Disney World-goers and delivers ride wait times
CNN  It was billed as a top of the table clash that would determine the fate of the English Premier League title . Instead , Saturday evening 's dull 1-1 draw between leaders Chelsea and current champions Manchester City did little more than preserve the status quo . Manchester City traveled to west London five points behind Chelsea , knowing that victory would take a large chunk out of that lead . Also traveling was Manchester City 's Frank Lampard , who until last season played for Chelsea and remains their record goal scorer . His controversial move to Manchester City , when it had been thought he had signed for MLS team New York City FC , had angered many Chelsea supporters , giving extra spice to the clash . But there was little drama in a largely benign encounter , with Chelsea showing signs of fatigue after their midweek exertions against Liverpool in the League Cup . Cagey After a cagey opening half , the game did briefly come to life after Chelsea 's French international striker Loic Remy fired the home side into a lead which only lasted a few minutes . Manchester City quickly equalized when Spain international David Silva converted after a rare mistake by Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . Manchester City dominated the second half without creating any more clean cut chances . Indeed , Chelsea would fail to register a single shot on target after their goal . The game did come to life again briefly when Lampard came on as a late substitute . Despite some boos , he was given a largely warm reception back at a club where he scored a record 211 goals in all competitions . But Lampard could n't find the breakthrough either as the two teams shared the spoils . Standing ovation "  They had a big old game midweek , " Lampard told Sky Sports after the game , referring to Wednesday 's match against Liverpool . "  it was a good performance all round without the electricity the big games need . Chelsea , I think , accepted the point . " After the game Lampard was given a standing ovation from the home side , something he was denied before leaving in the close season . "  It felt a bit strange and I was excited about today but a bit nervous too . I knew this would be different , " Lampard said of his return . "  I was delighted with the reception from both fans , " he added . "  They -LSB- Chelsea fans -RSB- showed complete class by giving me an ovation at the end , which I did n't get a chance to see at the end of last season . " Manchester United gain Earlier in the day Manchester United beat bottom of the table Leicester City 3-1 , lifting them up to third . The reverse fixture last year was arguably coach Louis Van Gaal lowest moment in the job . His United team somehow conspired to turn a 3-1 lead into a 5-3 defeat but there was little chance of a repeat at Old Trafford . Goals from Robin van Persie , Falcao and an own goal by Wes Morgan before half time handed United an unassailable lead . Leicester City scored a consolation through Marcin Wasilewski , but it was too late for the Midlands club to mount another comeback . Sturridge returns Liverpool maintained their recent run of good form with a 2-0 victory against West Ham United . West Ham have not won at Anfield since 1963 -- a game in which England 's 1966 World Cup hero Geoff Hurst scored twice -- so little was expected of the visiting side . Liverpool eventually took the lead through Raheem Sterling but it was the return of striker Daniel Sturridge that had the Kop on their feet . With Luis Suarez now at Barcelona and Sturridge injured for much of the season , Liverpool have struggled for goals . But the England international scored shorty after coming on , giving Liverpool another boost in their efforts to secure a Champions League spot . Two of the teams in contention for fourth place in the league , Arsenal and Southampton , play against Aston Villa and Swansea respectively on Sunday .	Chelsea and Man City play out 1-1 draw Lampard a late sub for Man City Sturridge scores on Liverpool return
CNN  -- The president of Bahrain 's Center for Human Rights was referred Sunday to Bahrain 's military prosecutor for publishing a photograph of a protester who died in custody that officials say he fabricated . Nabeel Rajab published on his Facebook page images of a man identified as Ali Isa Saqer . The man in the picture has multiple cuts on his front and back and heavy bruising across his body and face . Saqer , 31 , died at a detention center Saturday , according to the general director of Muharraq Governorate Police . He was being held on charges of attempted murder of policemen while trying to run them over with his car on March 13 . Authorities said Saqer was creating chaos at the detention center , and when security forces sought to subdue him , he resisted them and sustained various injuries in the process . He was sent to the hospital , where he later died . But Rajab and other activists say the photographs of Saqer show he was tortured and killed while in police custody . "  Yes , I have published a picture but this picture was not fabricated . It was an actual picture of a man who had marks on his body from torture , " said Rajab . "  But I think I have been targeted not because of that . I have been targeted for my work as a human right defender as I have been one of the main people showing the outside world what 's happening ... which was making the government upset and angry , " he added . In a statement on its website , Bahrain 's Interior Ministry said the photograph Rajab published is different from the one taken in the presence of a medical examiner after Saqer 's death . The ministry published two photos it also said were of Saqer . The face of the man in the ministry 's photos was blacked out and it was impossible for CNN to independently confirm whether the ministry 's images and Rajab 's photographs were of the same man . In the ministry 's photographs , minor cuts and bruising can be seen , but nothing suggesting the abuse the photographs posted by Rajab imply . A CNN documentary film team recently went to Bahrain , one of the United State 's strongest allies in the Middle East , to work on a piece about internet bloggers , activists and the revolutions spreading across the Arab world . The group had arranged a series of interviews , but most of the sources who had agreed to talk had since disappeared . Family members or others close to the sources said they had been arrested or gone into hiding after security forces raided their homes and threatened them . While reporting the story , the CNN team was detained by security forces in the street outside Rajab 's house . Members of the group were questioned for six hours and released , but warned not to film anything else without permission . Rajab , who was arrested last month , said that the government is engaged in a campaign of intimidation against him and other activists . "  They said that they were looking for a suspect who was armed and thought I might know him , " Rajab said . "  They beat me , punched me , kicked me , handcuffed me . Blindfolded me . " The government confirmed Rajab was arrested but did not provide additional details . Protests swept the strategically important island kingdom earlier this year as populations across the Arab world rose up against their rulers . Bahrain , where the U.S. Navy anchors its Fifth Fleet , is a small predominantly Shiite country governed by a Sunni royal family . It called in Saudi Arabia and other regional troops to help end the protests last month . "  I think this is the cost of the human rights work that I do , " Rajab said shortly after news of his impending legal battle broke . "  I knew that what I am doing is costly and it could cost me my life or my family life and this is the price we are paying for our work as a human rights activist in the region , " he said . CNN 's Amber Lyon and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Ali Isa Saqer , 31 , died at a detention center on Saturday A leading human rights activist posted images of a man identified as Saqer The photographs show what he says is evidence of torture The government says the activist fabricated the image
CNN  -- Roger Federer regained the title at his hometown tournament in Basle as he beat defending champion Novak Djokovic 6-4 3-6 6-1 in Sunday 's final . Serbian star Djokovic ended a run of three straight titles for Federer when he beat the Swiss maestro in last year 's final , but there was to be no repeat . It was his third win over the second seed in four meetings this year with his only loss in the U.S. Open semifinals at Flushing Meadows . Federer now has 65 career titles to go fourth in the all-time list , one ahead of American great Pete Sampras . The St. Jakobshalle arena is certainly a happy hunting ground for the 16-time grand slam champion , winning four of the last five finals at the Swiss Indoors tournament and seven from 11 . He swept through the deciding set for the loss of a single game to wrap up victory in just under two hours . Federer now heads to the Paris Masters bidding for a hat-trick of tournament titles after winning the Stockholm Open last week . He will be top seed at Bercy in the absence of world number one Rafael Nadal . Meanwhile at the Valencia Open , Spain 's David Ferrer beat compatriot Marcel Granollers 7-5 6-3 in Sunday 's final . The victory boosts Ferrer 's chances of claiming one of the three places available for the season-ending ATP Tour Finals in London later this month with the Paris Masters the final counting event for qualification .	Roger Federer wins Swiss Indoors title with 6-4 3-6 6-1 win over Novak Djokovic Federer lost to Djokovic in last year 's final in Basle David Ferrer claims Valencia Open title by beating fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers
CNN  -- The fate of Darren Wilson -- the Ferguson , Missouri , police officer who killed Michael Brown -- is heading to a jury . But it may not be what you think . For the first time Wednesday -- after 11 days of often emotional , sometimes violent protests demanding "  justice " in the form of formal charges against Wilson -- his case could move to court . Yet , in stark contrast to the media frenzy on the streets of Ferguson in the aftermath of Brown 's death , cameras wo n't be allowed into the courtroom . As activists stress the need for transparency , these proceedings will be secret . Here are a few things to know about how the grand jury system should work as it pertains to this case and others in Missouri . Is the grand jury the only way that a person can be charged with a crime ? No . In fact , it 's not the way most people are charged with crimes . It 's used by prosecutors only in a small percentage of cases . Authorities can file a criminal complaint , which could then lead to a probable cause hearing in court . Such a proceeding is open to the public and media . That 's not the case with a grand jury proceeding . So it 's closed to the public ? Yes . And that does n't sit well with Brown 's family . "  It 's about transparency , " family lawyer Benjamin Crump told CNN . "  This community has a distrust for the local enforcement officials . So if you have a secret grand jury proceeding , where nobody knows what the prosecutor presents ... and the grand jury comes back and says we find this  shooting  justified , I think that 's going to be very problematic for this community to accept . " Still , while they might not like it , the Brown camp 's opposition to the secretive grand jury process wo n't open it up . This may be convenient for St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch given the intense public pressure on the case , said veteran criminal defense lawyer Mark Geragos . "  He 's already , I think , kind of punted this over to the grand jury , " said Geragos , a CNN legal analyst . "  So that  if  they do n't bring an indictment , he can say ` well , it 's out of my hands . ' The members of the community said that there is no crime here . " How is a grand jury picked ? Just like any other jury . Citizens get a summons in the mail telling them to come to court . If they make the cut , they are on a grand jury . In this case , the jurors will come from St. Louis County , Missouri . How many people are on a grand jury ? In Missouri , it 's 12 people .  The number might be different in other cases . Does their decision have to be unanimous for a charge to be filed ? No . It 's true that , in a criminal trial , all jurors must agree to convict someone on a given charge . But in Missouri only nine jurors -- or three-fourths of the grand jury -- have to agree . So what are the grand jurors deciding ? According to the Missouri state attorney general 's office , a grand jury is looking at two things . One , was a crime committed ? Two , is there probable cause that the accused -- in this case Officer Darren Wilson -- committed the crime . It is very significant that this is a lower standard than for a criminal trial . In that case , jurors must decide if someone is guilty of a crime "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  Probable cause " is n't as stringent . Is the process overseen by a judge ? No . As Neil Bruntrager , a criminal defense lawyer and general counsel for the St. Louis Police Officer Association explains , it 's just the grand jurors , the prosecutors and the witnesses . That means no judge or defense lawyers . "  The prosecutor simply presents the information that they have , " Bruntrager explains . Does that mean the accused ca n't present a defense ? Yes and no . First off , unlike during a regular trial , defense lawyers ca n't rebut the prosecution or cross-examine a witness . It 's the prosecutors who present their case , without interruption . That does n't mean that the voice of the accused is n't heard . As the attorney general notes , "  defendants do not attend unless they are testifying as witnesses . " Since Darren Wilson witnessed what happened on August 9 as much , if not better , than anyone else alive , he might be invited to testify in court . "  Usually an accused will not be invited to testify , " Bruntrager told CNN . "  But I would expect , in a case like this , that an invitation would be extended to him . " What will the prosecution present to the grand jury ? In a word , everything . Just take McCulloch 's word for it , according to the Wall Street Journal : "  Absolutely everything will be presented to the grand jury . Every scrap of paper that we have . Every photograph that was taken . " Will McCulloch himself present the case ? Ed Magee , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that the prosecution will be "  handled by the attorney regularly assigned to the grand jury . It will not be by Mr. McCulloch . " So how long will this process take ? A grand jury could indict some one as early as tomorrow . But that does n't mean it 's going to happen that fast . In fact , it could be weeks or months . After all , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said the Justice Department -- conducting a parallel federal civil rights investigation into this case -- has interviewed hundreds of potential witnesses . There 's no reason to believe local authorities have n't similarly conducted lots of interviews and collected various pieces of evidence to sort through and present to the grand jury . Doing so should take some time . 5 things to know about the shooting Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests CNN 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	A grand jury could soon start considering the case of Darren Wilson The Ferguson , Missouri , police officer fatally shot Michael Brown , 18 Grand jury proceedings are secret , with no judge or defense lawyers 9 of 12 grand jurors must agree on probable cause to press charges
OPRAH.com  -- One afternoon a few months ago , my husband walked into the house carrying a cookbook and then stood in the kitchen for a long time , turning the pages , reading it . This was interesting . He looked deeply absorbed . When his cell phone rang , he went out onto the porch for a minute , the cookbook still opened on the counter , and I came over to inspect . He had been interrupted in the midst of "  How to Choose a Pork Roast . " There was a silhouette of a pig , connected by arrows to detailed line drawings of 13 hefty-looking cuts of raw meat . In retrospect I see that I was completely dim about what was already under way in our household , but I remember nodding to myself and thinking , "  Oh , okay . Meat . " The whole book was about meat , serious meat , the kind I 'd never been any good at cooking : beef chuck , short ribs , leg of lamb , brisket . Bill wanted more meat in our dinner menus , apparently , and had brought me an instruction manual -- 600 pages long , I could n't help noticing , and with the same sort of heft as the sirloin pork roast in the picture . I was studying the corned beef recipe , which called for boiling up your own brine and then submerging the meat in it for 12 days , when Bill came back in and made a complicated spousal throat-clearing noise . "  Uh , that 's for me , " he said . "  My cookbook . " I might have been more startled if Bill had said "  My mascara , " or "  My pedicure kit , " but I doubt it . Every domestic arrangement that works reasonably well is stretched out over a web of understandings about who does what , and for 24 years -- three houses , that is , and two children and two extended families and a long , noisy , generally good-natured parade of teenagers and exchange students and visiting nephews and whole soccer teams clumping in and out -- I have been the one who cooks . Oprah.com : How chocolate cake can help you win over the men in your life I do n't want to give the wrong impression here : I 'm a slovenly housekeeper , blessed with a gratifying inability to see grime at all until the hour before a fussy relative is about to arrive . But I can follow a recipe . I keep a stack of CDs in the corner of the kitchen , because I like singing to Ella Fitzgerald or the Rolling Stones while I 'm dropping cut-up things into a hot frying pan . In the days when carbohydrates were fashionable , I used to make risotto with fresh corn and goat cheese ; and one of my daughter 's friends once told me he craved my chocolate chip cookies so much that if I made some for the school ski bus , he would n't smoke any pot for the entire trip . I had a really muscular period a while back that involved twice-risen whole wheat bread and home-canned apricot preserves . Not that I 'm invested in this . It was clear , is all I 'm saying . Delineated . Mom tears recipes from the food pages and puts a green vegetable on the plates every night ; Dad does barbecue on the weekends and on the nights when Mom 's away takes a pizza out of the freezer or makes boiled noodles with sliced hot dogs on top . Bill did have a way of broiling chicken that I never quite understood , something with kosher salt and high heat so that even the breasts were juicy and crispy at the same time , but I elected not to think about that . It was much more satisfactory to smile gently at him , making a visible effort not to roll my eyes , when he asked where we kept the spatulas . If Bill were reading over my shoulder right now , he 'd try to sell you some story about how every time he offered to help I would wave my large kitchen knife at him and tell him everything was under control , but this would be a tremendous , tremendous exaggeration . Often I did n't have a knife . Or if I did , I would n't say I waved it . I was busy slicing things with it in exactly the right way , which was essential to whatever I was cooking and difficult to explain clearly to anybody else , unless , of course , that person happened to be doing it wrong . Why a sensible adult would want to interfere with this simple and fully understandable system of household order I can not really say , except that it might be like that part in the action thrillers when the cable starts to fray on the mountain gondola with 13 passengers inside and then shot by shot the metal threads snap off in slow-mo and the gondola 's tipping and people are shrieking and finally the butcher sets a new meat cookbook out on the counter where a husband can spot it while his wife is next door buying flowers . Oprah.com : How cooking with cardamom spiced up a marriage I think that 's what happened . Anyway , here 's what Bill made for dinner one week after bringing home his cookbook , having waited until an afternoon when I was gone so that he could conduct a stealth sortie into the kitchen : Oven-Roasted Tri-Tip . He used the meat thermometer . He served the tri-tip already sliced thin , perfectly rare , in its juices . I poked at it suspiciously , made a polite remark regarding its flavor , and then ate about 18 slices . Two days later : Oven-Roasted Tri-Tip with Southwestern Spice Rub . Three days after that : Sautéed Pork Chops with Wilted Greens , Pine Nuts , and Raisins . By the time he got to Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Dried Cranberry and Apple Stuffing and Cranberry-White Wine Reduction Sauce , Bill had bought a new meat thermometer , digital , with protruding wires and flashing lights that made it look as though he 'd lifted the whole apparatus from an intensive care unit . He had driven to the Indo-Pakistani food store one city over , brought home a dozen bags of spices , and rooted around in the cupboards for empty jars to store them in . Six o'clock had become a delicate , perilous time at the kitchen end of our house ; a white-wrapped butcher package would show up on the counter , and I would say to myself , "  Ah ! We should talk about this ! " But then we would n't . I would stand around the kitchen for a while , looking for some lettuce to wash , and finally Bill would stride in and start pulling out frying pans and turning on three burners at once and flipping through measuring cups . I could n't figure out how he had found the measuring cups , but he had , and furthermore he appeared to have mastered the trick of opening that cabinet door slowly , so the bud vases and the tea bag boxes do n't fall out on your head . Oprah.com : Lunch at Bergdorf 's - A promising recipe for a lifelong friendship And now here he was on Roasted Pork Tenderloin night with his dried cranberries and his apples and his big damn cookbook , and he was holding a measuring cup up to the light , pouring wine precisely to the three-quarters mark , and he glanced over and saw the expression on my face . We regarded each other for a minute . He scooped a wooden spoon into the stuffing , keeping his eyes on me ; he had already sliced the meat , I noted stiffly , and fanned the pieces down the length of my grandmother 's china serving platter . "  You should taste this , " he said . It smelled ridiculously good -- sage , I guessed , and butter and garlic and onion , and maybe some thyme , and the faint sweetness of the fruit . I did a rapid calculation of the number of holiday tables at which Bill must have watched me push turkey around my plate while taking thirds on stuffing , and somewhere in the back of my head a tiny cloud of reason began to form . I thought about gratitude , about adaptability , about the splendid and infinite reach of marital give-and-take . I thought about compromise . I thought about grace . I thought about pecans , which it seemed to me the stuffing needed , you know , for the crunch , and not cut too big , and perhaps a bit more pepper . But did I say that ? I did not . What I said was , "  If you start baking desserts , I will blow up the kitchen . " Get the recipe for Cynthia Gorney 's Chocolate Chip Cookies Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Gorney was always the cook , until her husband came home with a 600-page cookbook Her husband began making elaborate dinners every night Both spouses cooking shows a balance of marital give-and-take However , she says he better stay away from cooking desserts
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- A bomber who apparently killed himself in central Stockholm on Saturday was probably on his way to a more crowded location , but his bomb went off prematurely , Swedish authorities said Monday . He sent a warning to a Swedish news agency from his phone shortly before the explosion , chief prosecutor Thomas Lindstrand said in the first official confirmation of a link between the blast and the warning . The warning came from a man called Taimour Abdulwahab , the news agency that got the e-mail told CNN Monday . Lindstrand said authorities were almost certain that he was the bomber , but they have not yet carried out DNA testing or spoken to his family . A car exploded shortly before Abdulwahab 's bomb , injuring two people ; police are also linking that blast to him . No one other than Abdulwahab was killed . The Swedish Security Service said the incidents appeared to be the work of "  a single perpetrator . " He appears to have been acting alone at the time of the explosion , Lindstrand said Monday . Police believe that he had some kind of outside help in preparing the explosives , but they have no additional suspects at the moment , Lindstrand said . On Sunday , Anders Thornberg of the Swedish Security Police called the explosions "  an act of terrorism . " But he said Monday that there was no reason for the public to be worried and that Sweden was not raising its terror threat level . The two explosions occurred within minutes of each other Saturday in a district full of Christmas shoppers , Swedish authorities said . Swedish news agency TT and police said they received e-mailed threats 10 minutes before the explosions . U.S. federal agents are en route to Stockholm and are expected to assist Swedish authorities with the investigation , Security Police spokeswoman Anna-Maria Bok said . "  They are sending a team of seven bomb experts who will assist us , " she said . "  They are experts at tracing explosives , and they have knowledge of what explosives that have been used at other attacks in the world . " FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said "  a small team of experts " was sent after Swedish authorities requested U.S. assistance in investigating the bombings . Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt called the explosions "  completely unacceptable " as he mounted an impassioned defense of Swedish society in the face of what seems to be its first suicide bombing . "  This is not the path we want to go down , " he said Sunday . "  Sweden is an open society , " Reinfeldt added . "  It is an open society which has demonstrated a will that people must be able to come from different backgrounds , believe in different gods or not believe in any god at all . Be able to live side by side , together , in our open society . " UK Prime Minister David Cameron phoned his Swedish counterpart Sunday to express his support , Reinfeldt press secretary Roberta Alenius said . "  He called him because they are close friends , " Alenius said . "  They expressed their mutual involvement in the fight against terrorism , and they also stressed that the two countries ' authorities will continue to cooperate closely in this investigation . " Regional police chief Carin Gotblad said the bomber had "  failed . " "  While this was a very serious event , no innocent people were seriously hurt . If that was the intention , then the perpetrator failed , " she said . On Sunday night , London 's Metropolitan Police searched a property in Bedfordshire , north of London , in connection with the Stockholm investigation , a spokesman said . The spokesman , who would not give his name , said that the warrant was executed under Britain 's Terrorism Act 2000 and that "  no arrests have been made ... and no hazardous substances have been found . " The writer of the e-mailed threats to the Swedish news agency and police mentioned the presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan and a Swedish cartoonist who depicted the prophet Mohammed , according to TT , a Swedish news wire that received the threats . The e-mails contained sound files featuring a person speaking in Swedish and Arabic , TT reported . About 500 Swedish troops are in Afghanistan , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The sender referred to Swedish silence regarding the Afghanistan troops and the controversial cartoon by Lars Vilks that depicted Mohammed as having the body of a dog . "  Now your children , daughters and sisters will die like our brothers and sisters and children are dying , " the e-mail states , according to TT . "  Our actions will speak for themselves , " the person said in an audio recording . "  As long as you do n't end your war against Islam and the humiliation against the prophet and with your stupid support to Lars Vilks the pig . " Thornberg said over the weekend that authorities are working on both intelligence and a normal police investigation and will try to determine "  if there may be any more acts of terrorism like this one being planned . At this point , we do n't think there are more acts coming , but we ca n't say for sure . " Qadeer Baksh , chairman of the Luton Islamic Centre , a mosque north of London , said he had a "  series of confrontations " with Abdulwahab during the month of Ramadan in either 2006 or 2007 . He said Abdulwahab was propagating an extremist message around the mosque , "  sowing the seeds of violent radicalization " by preaching violent jihad as an obligation for every Muslim . Baksh said Abdulwahab also accused other Muslim leaders of apostasy , denouncing them as untrustworthy and claimed they were working for the government . The two men parted ways after a final confrontation , and Abdulwahab did not return to the mosque , Baksh said . CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. federal agents are en route to Stockholm to assist with the investigation Police are increasingly certain Taimour Abdulwahab was the bomber but await DNA testing UK mosque leader said Abdulwahab propagated extremist message Police have no other suspects at the moment
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A rocket fired by Palestinian militants fell on a Gaza home and killed two children , Palestinian sources said Friday , the same day Israel opened three Gaza border crossings for the first time in 10 days . A truck carrying grain enters Gaza from Israel on Friday at the Karni crossing point , one of three Israel reopened . A third child was in critical condition . The children , all girls , were cousins -- the two who died were 7 and 12 , and the injured child is 5 , Hamas security and Palestinian medical sources said . The rocket struck a house north of Gaza City . In a separate development , the Israeli military said it allowed a Palestinian who was badly wounded by rocket fire Wednesday to enter Israel for treatment . The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel . Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants . But it opened three other crossings Friday , allowing fuel and commodities into the Palestinian territory for the first time in more than a week . About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza . Among the goods were 400,000 liters of fuel and 120 tons of cooking gas . The decision to open the crossings at Kerem Shalom , Karni and Nahal Oz came after requests from international aid groups and Egypt , said Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . In addition , he said , Israel has no desire to hurt the civilian population in Gaza . Lerner said whether to keep the crossings open would be a daily decision . United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . A tenuous six-month truce between the Hamas government in Gaza and Israel expired a week ago . Under the Egyptian-brokered deal , Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza , and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods . In reality , the truce started breaking down two months ago . Rocket attacks by militants became more frequent , and Israel resumed airstrikes inside Gaza . Since then , dozens of rockets have been fired by Palestinian militants into Israel . Israel Defense Forces said about nine rockets have been launched from Gaza since midnight , pushing the three-day total to more than 110 . There are no reports of casualties in Israel . The crossings opened a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met in Cairo and Egypt expressed concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza . Livni criticized Hamas after her meeting with Mubarak . "  Hamas needs to understand that Israel 's basic desire to live in a tranquil region does n't mean that Israel is willing to accept ongoing shooting at its population , " she said , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . "  Enough is enough . We can not accept this situation , and the situation will change . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has threatened to respond to the escalating violence . He warned Hamas again Thursday in an interview on the Al Arabiya television network and seemed to suggest that time was running out . "  We do not want to fight the Palestinian people , but we will not allow Hamas to strike our children , " Olmert said . "  I did not come here to declare war , " he continued . "  But Hamas must be stopped -- and so it will be . "  I will not hesitate to use Israel 's strength to strike at Hamas and Islamic Jihad . How ? I do not wish to go into details here . "	NEW : Militants ' rocket hits Gaza house , killing Palestinian cousins NEW : Military says it allowed wounded Palestinian into Israel despite blockade Trucks filled with commodities cross into Gaza at three locations Militants have fired 110 rockets since Wednesday , Israel says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Octuplets mom Nadya Suleman faces welfare fraud charges as she 's accused of not reporting money earned as a topless dancer and adult film actress . "  While applying for public aid , the mother of 14 children allegedly failed to disclose that she was also getting checks for personal appearances and residuals from videos , " said a news release from Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey on Monday . Suleman -- known in tabloids as "  Octomom " -- has not been arrested , but she has been ordered to appear before a Los Angeles County judge for her initial arraignment Friday , according to the district attorney 's office . The prosecutor will ask the judge to set a $ 25,000 bond , the release said . The charges of one count of aid by misrepresentation and two counts of perjury by false application for aid accuse Suleman of not reporting nearly $ 30,000 in earnings . From June : Suleman books stripper gigs to save home Her work was no secret , though . Suleman , 38 , performed in adult videos and danced topless at a Florida strip club last year . "  This is not a new career for her , " her rep , Gina Rodriguez , told CNN in June when asked about her stripping gig . "  She is just promoting her new video . " An adult video featuring Suleman was released in June . Suleman revealed in April that she was so determined to build a future for her 14 young children that she would accept adult entertainment offers , although she would not touch another "  human 's flesh . " "  I would n't even kiss somebody for money , " Suleman told CNN 's Nischelle Turner . "  I would not kiss somebody . I would n't touch somebody . " Suleman , who collected food stamps to feed her 14 young children , filed for bankruptcy in May , but the case was tossed out of court because of paperwork issues . Suleman dreams of building a business "  empire " that will pay for food , shelter and college educations for her 14 children , she told Turner . She ultimately hopes to become a role model for other women facing major struggles , she said . "  I 've got to win the battle , " she said . "  But right now , people do n't understand that . " The criminal complaint , filed by Deputy District Attorney William Clark with the public assistance fraud division , said Suleman applied for public assistance in Lancaster , California , in January 2013 . It alleges that she failed to report the extra income earned between in the first six months of last year . Suleman faces up to five years , eight months in prison if convicted , the prosecutor said . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	The mother of 14 is accused of taking welfare money while earning cash as a stripper Nadya Suleman is scheduled to go before a judge on Friday Her topless dancing and adult film work was no secret last year Welfare fraud charges could bring more than five years in prison
CNN  -- A series of spooky lights above parts of the northeastern United States Saturday sparked a flurry of phone calls to authorities and television news stations . NASA said strange lights seen in the Northeast on Saturday were caused by an experimental rocket . CNN affiliate stations from New Jersey to Massachusetts heard from dozens of callers who reported that the lights appeared as a cone shape shining down from the sky . However , the lights were the result of an experimental rocket launch by NASA from the agency 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia , a spokesman told CNN . Keith Koehler said the Black Brant XII Suborbital Sounding Rocket was launched to study the Earth 's highest clouds . The light came from an artificial noctilucent cloud formed by the exhaust particles of the rocket 's fourth stage about 173 miles high . Natural noctilucent clouds , also called "  polar mesospheric clouds , " are "  found in the upper atmosphere as spectacular displays that are most easily seen just after sunset , " according to a NASA statement published earlier in September . "  The clouds are the highest clouds in Earth 's atmosphere , located in the mesosphere around 50 miles altitude . " Normally , noctilucent clouds are not visible to the naked eye and can only be seen when illuminated by sunlight below the horizon . The launch took place at 7:46 p.m. Saturday , just as the sun was setting for the day . Observation stations on the ground and in satellites will track the artificial noctilucent clouds created by the rocket for months , NASA said . "  Data collected during the experiment will provide insight into the formation , evolution , and properties of noctilucent clouds , which are typically observed naturally at high latitudes . "  In addition to the understanding of noctilucent clouds , scientists will use the experiment to validate and develop simulation models that predict the distribution of dust particles from rocket motors in the upper atmosphere , " the NASA statement said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Dozens in Northeast report seeing cone-shaped lights in sky NASA says lights came from exhaust particles of research rocket Black Brant XII rocket will study highest clouds in Earth 's atmosphere
CNN  -- Ricky Ponting hopes memories of last year 's Ashes defeat to England will spur Australia on when the latest series begins in Brisbane on Thursday . Ponting suffered his second reverse as captain in cricket 's oldest battle , both coming in the northern hemisphere . After the 2005 setback he was able to bounce back immediately with a 5-0 trouncing of the tourists , and this time he will lead out 10 of the 11 players who he made go onto the field at London 's Oval after losing by 197 runs to surrender the Ashes urn . "  I made sure they all got down on the ground and they all took in our own disappointment , more the English excitement , " the 35-year-old told the UK Press Association . "  I made sure that it hurt them as much as possible when the Ashes were being handed over to Andrew Strauss at The Oval . There 's no doubt that 's what 's been driving certainly me , after all the work that I 've done , but every one of the players as well . "  It 's about that empty feeling we had in our stomachs after walking off The Oval again , after two successive Ashes tours . We want to make sure we do n't have that feeling again . " Australia 's only change from that game sees left-arm spinner Xavier Doherty brought in to make his Test debut , with Stuart Clark not selected . Vice-captain Michael Clarke has been passed fit after recovering from a minor back problem . Australia have not been beaten at the Gabba ground since 1988 , and have lost just two series at home in the past 20 years . "  History suggests that for every touring team coming to Australia they generally find here and Perth the places harder to adjust and adapt to , " Ponting said . "  England have been here a while , and in Hobart last week it seamed around a little bit . But history suggests we handle these conditions very , very well -- and opposition teams struggle a bit . " Andrew Strauss is seeking to become the first England captain to bring the Ashes back from Down Under since Mike Gatting in 1986-87 . "  It 's a very strong home ground for Australia . But I think the prospect of maybe turning that record around excites us , " he said ahead of the first of five Tests . "  We had a similar record to contend with at Lord 's last year -- and we were able to turn that around . If the guys put their minds to it , it could be potentially a very good start to the series to maybe overcome that record . "  In past years , Australia have really hit the ground running in the first Test match . They 've made a conscious effort to go hard at the opposition , and there 's no doubt the conditions here are slightly alien to a lot of touring sides -- especially touring sides that are maybe a bit undercooked or under-prepared . "  But we know what to expect . We 've been out here for a while now , we 've had a good look at a lot of the Australian conditions . "  We have n't had a particular look at the conditions at the Gabba yet . But we know how it plays and what types of shots to look to play and which ones to avoid . "	England seeking to retain Ashes urn in five-Test series starting in Brisbane Australia captain Ricky Ponting still haunted by 2-1 defeat in England last year Home team boosted by return to fitness of vice-captain Michael Clarke after back injury England have not won a series in Australia since 1986-87 under Mike Gatting
Rafael Ramos was an unusual cop . He saw the streets of New York as his ministry . In fact , he was just hours away from becoming a lay chaplain and graduating from a community-crisis chaplaincy program before he and fellow New York police Officer Wenjian Liu were gunned down in their patrol car Saturday in Brooklyn . The gunman in the two officers ' killing , Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , was found dead of self-inflicted gunshot wounds at a subway station immediately after the slayings . Services for Liu are pending . On Friday , a police honor guard took Ramos ' casket into Christ Tabernacle in Glendale , New York , where an afternoon wake was being held . The visitation will be followed by a memorial service at 7 p.m. ET and a funeral service Saturday morning . Some 25,000 police officers from around the country are expected to attend the funeral , according to the New York Police Department . JetBlue told CNN it has arranged for approximately 670 law enforcement officers to travel to New York for free . Charities offer help to families of slain officers Speakers at the funeral will include Vice President Joe Biden , Mayor Bill De Blasio and NYPD Commissioner William Bratton . Ramos , 40 , enjoyed the spiritual dimension to life and work . "  He told me that his job even with the NYPD , he felt he was doing God 's work , " the Rev. Marcos Miranda , president of the New York State Chaplain Task Force , told Arise America on YouTube . "  He felt that he was protecting and serving his community and that was a sort of a ministry for him . And I totally agreed with him , " Marcos said . "  He said this type of ministry , the chaplaincy , he could see himself doing this in the future as a full-time ministry after he retired from the NYPD . " Marcos heads an organization that runs the 10-week course for lay chaplaincy , which Ramos completed , the minister said . Widow and two sons Ramos always carried a smile , Marcos said . "  He had the kindest eyes you could see . They radiated kindness and compassion , " Marcos said . Ramos leaves a wife , Maritza , whom he married in 1993 , and two sons , Justin and Jaden , said the Rev. Adam Durso , executive pastor of Christ Tabernacle , which Ramos attended for nearly 14 years . To his close friends and even to his family , Ramos often went by Ralph , not Rafael . "  Ralph was definitely a family man . He always talked about his kids and how well they were doing athletically and academically , " Durso said . A son 's farewell Ramos ' son Jaden recounted on his Facebook page how "  I had to say bye to my father " after the shooting . "  H  e was the best father I could ask for . It 's horrible that someone gets shot dead just for being a police officer . Everyone says they hate cops but they are the people that they call for help . I will always love you and I will never forget you . RIP Dad , " Jaden wrote . An usher to all On his Facebook page , Ramos spoke of his faith and noted that he studied at Faith Evangelical College and Seminary in Tacoma , Washington , which also offers online courses . Ramos posted this quote as the cover photo at the top of his Facebook page : "  If your way is n't working , try God 's way . " Ramos was active in his church . He served as an usher and as part of the church 's marriage ministry and life group ministry , Durso said . "  When his team was scheduled to serve , we never worried about whether Ralph would be there with his team to help . He was a humble man and was willing to help at any capacity , helping people to their seats , moms with their baby carriages or the elderly in and out of our elevator , " Durso said in a statement .	Police honor guard takes Ramos ' casket into church Rafael Ramos , 40 , saw being police officer as "  God 's work , " chaplain says He was about to graduate from a 10-week lay chaplaincy program Ramos and Officer Wenjian Liu were gunned down while in patrol car
CNN  -- After first saying that they could not determine a threshold for the safe amount of certain toxic chemicals in infant formula , Food and Drug Administration officials said Friday that trace amounts are safe . Worries over melamine in infant formula started in China and have spread to the United States . "  Amounts of the industrial chemical melamine or the melamine-like compound called cyanuric acid that are below 1.0 ppm -LSB- 1,000 parts per billion -RSB- do not raise public health concerns , " said Stephen Sundlof , the FDA 's director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition . When it became known in September that thousands of babies in China had been sickened by tainted infant formula , the FDA ordered the testing of U.S.-manufactured infant-formula products . Sundlof said Friday that results from 74 of 87 samples of infant formula and other products babies and young children had been completed . The results of the other 13 are pending . That total differed slightly from the one the FDA offered Thursday , when its acting commissioner of public affairs , Judy Leon , told CNN that 77 sample results had been completed and just 10 were outstanding . Among the 74 final test results discussed Friday , the FDA said , two samples of Nestle 's Good Start Supreme Infant Formula with Iron tested positive for melamine at levels of 137 and 140 parts per billion , well below the level of concern cited by Sundlof . In addition , three samples of Mead Johnson 's infant powder , Enfamil LIPIL with Iron , tested positive for cyanuric acid at an average of 247 parts per billion , also well below the FDA trace level . The FDA 's October 3 risk assessment of melamine and its analogues concluded that "  levels of melamine and its analogues below 2.5 ppm in foods other than infant formula do not raise public health concerns . " But the agency said then that it did not have enough data to determine a safe level of melamine and its analogues in infant formula . On Friday , an FDA official said it was still not possible to determine a safe level for infant formula containing both melamine and cyanuric acid compounds , but officials "  believe that at very low levels there should not be any health concerns . " Sundlof said the trace levels of melamine or related compounds detected in the samples are 10,000-fold less than the amount associated with Chinese infant-formula contamination . According to the World Health Organization , contaminated infant formula in China has killed four babies and caused more than 47,000 infants and children to be hospitalized with possible kidney stones . Chinese-made infant formula is not available in the United States , because no Chinese manufacturer meets the requirements to sell infant formula in this country , according to the FDA . It was also the combination of melamine and cyanuric acid in pet food that caused thousands of dogs and cats to be sickened last year in the United States . The combination caused crystals to form in the animals ' kidneys . According to the FDA 's updated Interim Safety Assessment , infants are more vulnerable to the combination than are older children or adults because formula could be the infants ' sole source of nutrition . In addition , their kidneys may not have developed sufficiently to ward off the impact of the chemicals .	Melamine , cyanuric acid not of concern in levels below 1,000 parts per billion Official says FDA has tested 74 samples of U.S.-made baby formula Some samples tested positive but at safe levels , official says Levels are far below those associated with Chinese contamination
CNN  -- Mary Willingham tried to help struggling student-athletes at the University of North Carolina learn to read . First it was just one case , then another and another . Seeing a bigger problem , Willingham researched the reading abilities of football and basketball players at the Chapel Hill campus , and then raised the alarm when she found many with only elementary school literacy , so low they were unable to follow college courses . The Drake Group selected Willingham in April as the 10th recipient of an award recognizing university faculty or staff who speak out about academic integrity at their institutions . Many of them risked their jobs doing it . One of the earliest whistle-blowers was Jan Kemp , who in the early 1980s exposed the University of Georgia for allowing football players who failed a remedial English class to play in a bowl game . "  There is no real sound academic reason for their being here other than to be utilized to produce income . " Kemp told Sports Illustrated in 1986 . "  They are used as a kind of raw material in the production of some goods to be sold ... and they get nothing in return . " She was demoted and then fired , and the trauma led her to attempt suicide twice in the 1980s , once by stabbing herself in the chest with a butcher knife . She also sued UGA officials , saying she was terminated unlawfully , and won compensatory and punitive damages from a jury . She was later reinstated at the university and Georgia later tightened academic standards for its athletes , the New York Times reported in 2008 . She was the Drake Group 's first honoree in 2004 . The group , an organization of educators and activists who push for academic reform , now annually awards its Higgins Award on faculty who stand up for academic integrity . Kemp died four years later , her son told The Associated Press as reported by the New York Times , of complications from Alzheimer 's disease . The harassment that haunted Kemp has happened to several others since . In the late 1990s , Linda Bensel-Meyers was in a similar position at Tennessee -- an English teacher who saw tutors doing far too much work for athletes who were far too under-prepared for college coursework . In 2003 , after years of hate mail and verbal attacks , she decided to leave Tennessee because death threats mentioned her children . Bensel-Meyers said she was treated so badly she had symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder , â $ Žand when she resigned , she told the university in her resignation letter : "  No faculty member should ever find her attempts to do her job met with institutional threats and public attacks on her character . " Tennessee , when contacted by CNN , would not say whether it still uses the system that Bensel-Meyers alleged was in place -- where a school psychologist would diagnose learning-disabled athletes and put them in a program that allowed them to forgo graduation requirements all other students had to meet . "  Many of the records I looked at revealed that these athletes came to us essentially illiterate and still left the school functionally illiterate . " Bensel-Meyers told CNN . In 2009 , Sally Dear-Healey , adjunct lecturer at Binghamton University , told the New York Times she was pressured to change her grading policy for basketball players who were missing classes . About seven months later , she was fired , and The Times reported that Dear-Healey felt it was because she spoke out . The university denied that charge . Louisiana State University instructor Tiffany Terrell-Mayne settled a lawsuit with the school in 2005 after alleging she was told to change grades to keep football players eligible for a bowl game . LSU admitted to some NCAA violations in the early 2000s , and the probe went away . Then-coach Nick Saban said publicly that he knew of no cheating . Then-Chancellor Mark Emmert -- now the president of the NCAA -- said at the time Terrell-Mayne and another whistle-blower were tying personal issues to NCAA violations.â $ Ž Willingham said that since she began speaking out about what she saw at the University of North Carolina , she has felt harassed by the university . She took her grievances to a peer panel at UNC , but they found no evidence of retaliation.â $ Ž Read more from Willingham and what CNN found "  It 's very sad that people like Linda , Mary and others , who are dedicated to higher education , have to be subjected to this kind of intimidation for merely doing their jobs , " said Allen Sack , director of the Drake Group .	College staff who complain about student-athlete learning say they are harassed Early whistle-blower Jan Kemp was demoted , then fired , sued to be reinstated Linda Bensel-Meyers received death threats mentioning her children
CNN  -- London , the birthplace of mod style , Saville Row and punk , has long since earned its reputation as the world 's most exciting and experimental fashion capital . Two of our journalists set out to find the most quirky , compelling and quizzical pieces from the Spring/Summer 2015 collections , as documented through the wonderful world of social media . .	We tracked down the most memorable looks from London Fashion Week Opinions expressed are those of the writers and do not reflect the fashion tastes of CNN
CNN  Many have been asking whether Tuesday 's horrific execution-style killing of three Muslim students in North Carolina was due to a dispute over a parking spot . Let 's be real . People do n't die over parking spots . Craig Stephen Hicks was arrested on Tuesday over the deaths of Deah Shaddy Barakat , 23 , Yusor Mohammad , 21 , and Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha , 19 . Chapel Hill police have said that an ongoing dispute over a parking place may have been a contributing factor . But while that may be true , the evidence suggests that Hicks had an underlying animosity towards the victims because of their beliefs . On his Facebook page , Hicks reportedly showed his support for "  anti-theism , " the active opposition of religious belief . As Reza Aslan explained in a recent essay , anti-theists often view "  religion as an insidious force that must be rooted from society -- forcibly if necessary . " The lead photo on Hicks ' page talked about how he wanted "  religion to go away , " and in a 2012 post , he quoted heavily from biologist and so-called "  New Atheist " Richard Dawkins . Mohammad Abu-Salha , the father of two of the victims , said his daughter -- who wore the Muslim headscarf and lived next door to Hicks -- had reportedly told her family a week earlier "  that she had a hateful neighbor . " The News and Observer reported that he also said that in the past , she had told her family that Hicks picked on her and her husband and would talk to them while carrying his gun in his belt , making them feel extremely uncomfortable . " ` Honest to God , ' she said , ` He hates us for what we are and how we look , " he recalled . Hicks ' postings on social media suggest that he is not only anti-religion , but like many prominent New Atheists , likely has a particular contempt for Islam . Although Dawkins condemned the murders on Twitter , it is hard not to recall the comments he and other New Atheists like Sam Harris and Bill Maher have made about Islam in the past . Dawkins himself said he considers this religion of some 1.6 billion people "  as one of the great evils in the world . " For his part , Hicks allegedly wrote , "  When it comes to insults , your religion started this , not me . If your religion kept its big mouth shut , so would I. " Following the shootings , the attorney of Hicks ' wife said that her husband "  had a problem with many of his neighbors , " and that the "  victims were at the wrong time and the wrong place . " But when we consider Hicks ' own comments and postings on social media in the context of much of the anti-Muslim rhetoric we see in the media and elsewhere , it is hard to see Tuesday 's tragedy as a genuinely random incident . Anti-Muslim hate crimes are five times more common today than they were before 9/11 . And just a couple weeks ago , a Texas state senator effectively questioned the loyalties of Muslim-Americans , reportedly posting on her Facebook page that she had left instructions with her office that Muslim visitors "  publicly announce allegiance to America and our laws . " Neighbors have said that Hicks was prone to outbursts and that he made everyone feel unsafe , Muslim or otherwise . But that in and of itself does n't make Hicks an equal opportunist when it comes to his choice of alleged victims . Being mentally unstable or a generally angry person and being motivated by religious hate are not mutually exclusive . In a move familiar to many Muslim organizations that are called upon to denounce the actions of a violent co-religionist , the American Atheists organization issued a statement condemning the murders of the three Muslim students . But we should n't expect them or any organization to apologize for the murderous actions of an individual . If Hicks is found guilty , there is no doubt that he alone should bear the responsibility for his actions and be punished accordingly . Even if he self-identifies as atheist , atheists and atheism are not to blame for his heinous actions . Still , although the killings of these three young Muslims should not be attributed to a lack of belief in God , they were allegedly committed by a man with an active contempt for belief in God . Regardless of whether law enforcement deems these killings officially a hate crime , we as a society need to acknowledge that violent extremists come in all creeds -- and they can be inspired and their anger nourished by any religion , or animosity towards one . With this in mind , the mainstream majority -- hailing from whatever faith or ideology -- needs to stand united against these kinds of acts of violence , regardless of the source . In practical terms , this means going beyond condemnation , by following the examples of people like Deah , Yusor , and Razan who lived out their faith values through service to others . We should also follow the example of organizations like Found Beyond Belief , which launched an atheist and humanist community drive to honor the victims . Ultimately , our nation 's diversity is its strength . As citizens , we must do whatever we can to protect it .	Craig Stephen Hicks is being held over killing of three Muslims Zeba Khan : We need to stand united against these kinds of acts of violence
CNN  -- As captain of the Neptune tugboat , Viktor Nikolsky spends his days gently directing giant cargo vessels in and around the vast port of St. Petersburg , Russia . It 's a job that requires patience , concentration and flawless planning . But life on the water was n't always so rigidly structured -- far from it . Behind the sailor 's steely visage lie memories of distant shores , daring adventures and a terrifying ordeal at the hands of pirates . A boat in the distance Nikolsky hesitates when recalling the moment he realized armed bandits were fast approaching his ship off the coast of Somalia . As the first mate of the MV Faina , Nikolsky was in charge of 21 crewmen and cargo aboard the Ukrainian operated freight vessel transporting aging Soviet military equipment to the port of Mombasa , Kenya , via the Gulf of Aden . See also : Where are the world 's piracy hotspots ? "  We knew that the Somalian region was very dangerous for navigation and we planned our way to stay 250 miles from the shore , " Nikolsky explained . On the September 25 , 2008 , however , the ship 's second officer approached Nikolsky to inform him he had spotted two small dots in the distance moving towards the Faina at speed . Despite sailing more than five times the recommended distance from the coast as a precaution against hijacking , the fast moving dots were speedboats carrying heavily armed pirates . The assailants boarded the Faina and searched below the ship 's decks , quickly realizing they had chanced upon valuable cargo . "  When they saw what kind of cargo they were surprised , " Nikolsky said . "  They put the prize for liberation to $ 50 million dollars . The usual prize for liberation was approximately not more than $ 1 million . " Hostage at sea The discovery of the military cargo signaled the beginning of a four month standoff between the pirates and a host of parties with an interest in reclaiming the ship , including NATO , the U.S. Navy and the Kenyan government . See also : Welcome aboard the world 's biggest ship A U.S. Navy ship kept watch of the Faina from a distance while pirates patrolled the decks . Bargaining chips in the middle of all this were Nikolsky and his crew . At the time of the attack , the ship 's captain , Vladimir Kolobkov , had taken seriously ill , tragically passing away a week later . This meant Nikolsky was in command when the pirates attacked . They decided to separate him from his colleagues . Nikolsky remained under guard on the ship 's bridge while the remaining crew members were held in a small cabin roughly 14 meters across . "  I spent all my highjacking life on the table like that  pointing to a small dinner table  without anything . " As the days and weeks passed , Nikolsky began to talk to the leader of the pirates , eventually gaining his trust . He negotiated better conditions for the hostages as well as permission to go above deck to get some fresh air . "  The crew was under control all the time . I insisted  they  must have a rest , must have a walk at the open air . Because if a person lies  down  all the time , he will have a problem with his stomach . During these breaks , the crew would talk to each other and even plot to take on the pirates if the opportunity arose . See also : What happens to goods lost at sea ? At one stage , when it looked as though a ransom would not be achieved , the pirates intimated they would transfer the crew to Somalia in order to obtain a separate ransom for each individual . Nikolsky said his heart sank at this moment . Free at last Finally , on the February 5 , 2009 , an agreement with the pirates was reached which saw them receive $ 3.2 million , a fraction of what they originally asked for . They left , and the ship and crew free to go . For Nikolsky , it signaled the end of four months of unrelenting pressure . "  We could n't believe it , " he said of their moment of liberation . "  We were afraid that the pirates when they left the vessel left some explosive . " "  I asked the commander of the navy  who boarded the Faina shortly after the pirates disembarked  to check everything . He told us that everything was clear and all the pirates left the vessel . " The Faina sailed into the port of Mombasa , Kenya , a few days later where Nikolsky was reunited with his wife and family . On their return to Russia , the family resolved that Viktor should seek a job that would be less unpredictable than life at sea . That decision has led Nikolsky to St. Petersburg where he navigates vessels 10 times the size of his own into and out of the city 's harbor . But while he enjoys being close to his family , that itch for life at sea still remains . "  Sometimes when I dream I see the very clear water and my ship moving over the clear water in open sea , " he said . "  But I spent at sea all of my life , 45 years ...  and  now I like my village , I like my job here . " Eoghan Macguire contributed to this article	Viktor Nikolsky is the captain of the Neptune tugboat in the port of St. Petersburg He was captured by pirates while sailing aboard the MV Faina off the coast of Somalia in 2008 The Faina was held captive for just over four months
CNN  -- Six members of an Indiana family -- four children and their parents -- were killed in a house fire this weekend , the Indianapolis Fire Department said Sunday . Investigators are trying to determine what caused the fire on Saturday . No smoke detectors were found in the home . Family members told CNN affiliate WRTV that Leo Guerra tried to save some of his family from the burning home before becoming a victim himself . Guerra , 47 , his wife , Brandy , and two of their children -- 8-year-old Esteban and 11-year-old Blanquita -- died Saturday at the scene . The two other children -- 14-year-old Miranda and 6-year-old Fuente -- died Sunday . Neighbors , friends and extended family came to the site of the family 's home and laid flowers at a temporary memorial Sunday . One of those visitors was Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard , who called the deaths "  tragic . " The Indianapolis Fire Department said this is the largest single loss of life for a family because of fire that the department has seen .	Four of the victims were children , ranging from 6 to 14 years old The mayor of Indianapolis calls the deaths "  tragic " No smoke detectors were found in the home
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Acclaimed Russian pianist Mikhail Pletnev has been charged with sexually abusing under-age children in Thailand , police said Wednesday . Pletnev was arrested and released on bail , a police official involved with the investigation told CNN . Pletnev was arrested and charged Tuesday with raping a 14-year-old boy in a Thai beach town , a crime that carries a maximum prison term of 20 years upon conviction , Thailand 's official MCOT news agency reported . He was released on $ 9,000 bail and ordered to be back in the country by July 18 , according to Itar-Tass , the official Russian news agency . Russia demanded clarification of the sex abuse charges against its Grammy-winning pianist , the state-run news agency RIA-Novosti said . "  The Russian Culture Ministry together with Russian Foreign Ministry have forwarded an urgent order to the Russian Embassy in Thailand to make all necessary efforts to clarify the situation and to offer maximum consulate protection to the distinguished musician , " according to an online cultural ministry statement cited by RIA-Novosti . A Russian diplomat in Thailand said the pianist denied the charges , Itar-Tass said . "  He is calm and confident that everything that happens with him is a misunderstanding that would soon become clarified , " the diplomat said . "  Pletnev has a Thai lawyer and is ready to testify in court . " Itar-Tass said the allegations against Pletnev were based on the testimony of a Thai citizen who claimed that he helped arrange Pletnev 's purchase of sexual services .	Acclaimed Russian pianist Mikhail Pletnev arrested in Thailand He was questioned on allegations of rape involving an under-age boy Thai court allowing Pletnev to leave the country
CNN  -- Gunmen stopped a bus near Beirut , Lebanon , in the early hours of Friday , boarded it and kidnapped two Turkish pilots , Turkey 's foreign ministry said . The pilots work for Turkish Airlines . They were riding the bus from Rafic Hariri International Airport to their hotel when the assailants in two vehicles stopped it , Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency reported . Reports on the number of attackers varied from four to eight . Other employees aboard the bus made it safely to the hotel and are to head back to Turkey later Friday , the foreign ministry said . "  The Lebanese government has begun taking the necessary steps for an investigation , " the ministry said . Security agents questioned the driver as a witness , the news agency reported . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report	Gunmen halt a bus near Beirut , Lebanon They board it and take away two Turkish Airline pilots The rest of the crew is safe at a hotel and will return to Turkey soon
