CNN  -- Here we go again . This week , Israeli-Palestinian negotiations will begin in Israel and the West Bank . Having participated in my own fair share of these kinds of negotiations over the years , I would n't presume to discount Secretary of State John Kerry 's effort . But I also would n't get my hopes up . In 2001 , Secretary of State Colin Powell assigned me to assist Gen. Anthony Zinni , who had just been given a mission impossible : Negotiate a cease-fire between Yasser Arafat and Ariel Sharon in the middle of the second intifada . I asked Zinni straight out why he wanted to risk ruining a brilliant career on a goal he could n't possibly achieve . He replied that he loved hopeless causes . In that case , I told him , he 'd come to the right place . Will these be the "  Star Trek " negotiations and go where no man or woman has ever gone before ? It 's hard to say . But here are five signs that might offer clues as to whether there 's life  or not  on planet Arab-Israeli negotiations . Opinion : Americans , stay open to both sides in Mideast talks 1 . Will the two sides maintain radio silence ? So far , Kerry has done what no other U.S. official has ever accomplished : He 's gotten the two sides who have a pathological history of leaking to essentially shut up . That 's either because there 's something meaningful to protect , or alternatively , there 's nothing really there there , and that 's worth hiding . I suspect it 's the former . So watch the leaks from both sides . If the substance of what 's being discussed is being backgrounded to embarrass , pressure or undermine the negotiators , the negotiations are in serious trouble . Because this process depends on things Kerry has heard from each side that they ca n't say publicly yet or wo n't say to one another , radio silence is critical -- for now . 2 . Are folks writing things down ? The famous Hollywood mogul Samuel Goldwyn was right : an oral agreement is n't worth the paper it 's written on . Oral exchanges and verbal commitments can be starting points . But serious negotiation requires stuff on paper . More than this , every negotiation needs a way to organize the effort , and an agreement must be reduced to a text . Ideally , the United States would control that text -- as Jimmy Carter did at Camp David or as James Baker did with the terms of reference and invitations to the Madrid Peace Conference . But the key question is whether the negotiators are working on language that will actually fill in the agreement . And what kind of agreement are they working toward : Borders/security first or an accord on the basic principles on all the issues ? If the parties are n't crystal clear on where they 're heading , then any road will get them there -- and that 's a recipe for drift and disaster . The same is true for showing maps . Borders of a Palestinian state are a key element in these negotiations . If you hear that one side or the other wo n't produce them , start looking for a new conflict to mediate . 3 . What 's happening away from the negotiating table ? There was a time that we believed we could insulate the talks at the table from the environment outside . That was called Oslo , and the process failed . There must be some correlation . That 's why Kerry has tried to get each side to stop doing negative things for a period of time -- six to nine months . Israelis are supposed to do a phased release of Palestinian prisoners and limit settlement activity . Palestinians are supposed to stand down from efforts to bring the issue of statehood to the United Nations or press their claims against Israel in international bodies , and stop incitement too . Already , both sides are unhappy with nonobservance of these actions . A certain amount of dysfunctional behavior from both sides is built into the reality that one is the occupier and one the occupied . But given how little the Israeli and Palestinian publics seem to have invested in these talks , everything possible must be done to demonstrate that life on the ground is changing too . And we 're not off to a good start . 4 . Watch what the tough guys say Israeli-Palestinian negotiations are as much about domestic politics as anything else . And watching those in each camp react to what 's going on in the negotiations is important . A certain amount of bluster from each side is expected . But one way to gauge the seriousness of what 's happening is to look at how worried the opponents of the peace process are . The Palestinians public is deeply skeptical of these talks . And Hamas for sure will oppose them . So will members of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party . More important will be the reaction of the two newbies in Israel in politics and in the coalition : Naftali Bennet and Yair Lapid . Pay careful attention to Bennet , whose right wing views count , and who will try mightily to make sure he knows what 's being offered at the table . If he 's relaxed and silent , you can bet the negotiations are remaining in pretty safe territory from Benjamin Netanyahu 's perspective -- or he 's being frozen out . Either way , watch out , signs of trouble may be brewing at home for the prime minister . 5 . What 's the U.S. doing ? The odds against a conflict-ending accord that addresses all the issues are pretty long . It will require major moves from Palestinian Authority head Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu and traveling to a place they 've never been before . But it will also require the U.S. to be in the middle of the mix . Right now , Kerry describes the U.S. role as a facilitator , a term that has very little meaning .  It 's the one we used to describe the American approach at the July 2000 Camp David summit  . If this is going to work , both Kerry , and at the right time , Obama , will have to be all over these talks like a cheap suit . Middle East peace is hard . And if the US wants an agreement -- assuming the two sides do -- they 'll have to push , shove and use ample amounts of vinegar and honey to get a deal , including developing formal proposals to bridge the gaps on tough issues such as Jerusalem . And those U.S. positions need to be fair and reflect the needs of both sides . Does the president want it that badly ? If he does , a high-level , pretty high-risk leaders ' summit is in his future . Stay tuned . We may just have a chance this year to find out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Israeli-Palestinian talks are set to begin this week Aaron Miller says there are signs to look for to see if the talks are going anywhere He says watching if the parties keep talks confidential is key ; so is the U.S. role Miller : Negotiators need to set out key principles , talk about borders
CNN  -- A roadside bomb killed 14 people and wounded six in northwest Pakistan on Sunday , a government official said . The blast targeted a passenger van in the Lower Dir district near the village of Bunr , said Hussain Ahmed , the official . The bomb was remotely detonated , he said . Details about the van 's occupants were not available . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . The bombing in the Lower Dir district is the latest violence to strike Pakistan 's tribal region that borders Afghanistan . The district is one of 24 that make up the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . It was formerly known as the North West Frontier Province , a name assigned during the British colonial rule . The ruling party changed the name to reflect the province 's majority Pashtun population . Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants . On September 3 , an explosives-filled car slammed into a U.S. Consulate vehicle in the provincial capital , Peshawar . The attack took place in an area of the city where several international agencies have offices . In addition to the U.S. Consulate , the U.N. refugee agency , UNHCR , is in the area . In May 2011 , a remote-controlled car bomb targeted a convoy of U.S. Consulate vehicles in Peshawar , killing one person and wounding 11 . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . In April 2010 , three explosions went off in rapid succession near the consulate . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	A roadside bomb targeted a van in northwest Pakistan , an official says The blast targeted a van in the Lower Dir district near the Afghan border
CNN  -- Thirteen nuns and three workers kidnapped in late November from a Greek Orthodox monastery in Syria were freed Sunday , a pro-Syrian government news network and Lebanese state media reported . A convoy of around 30 vehicles picked up the nuns and workers in one part of Syria and took them into Lebanon , the country 's National News Agency reported late Sunday . The convoy traveled through Lebanon to another border crossing into Syria , the hillside village of Jdaidet Yabous . There , the group will be met by Greek Orthodox church officials , who will welcome them back into Syria , Syrian state news agency SANA reported . The convoy was at one point delayed several hours for "  logistical reasons " but later resumed en route to Jdaidet Yabous , Public Security Director Gen. Abbas Ibrahim told NNA . When they did arrive overnight , the nuns -- some smiling , some solemn and at least one of whom appeared to be being carried -- were mobbed by an enthusiastic crowd that included church officials . Ibrahim said that no money was paid to secure the release of the nuns , adding that it was part of a deal in exchange for 150 females that the Syrian government was holding . Qatari intelligence chief Saadeh Kobeisi reportedly crossed deep into Syrian territory to obtain the release of the Syrian nuns . He crossed into Syria as part of a Lebanese Internal Security delegation , the state news agency said . Senior Orthodox Bishop Lucas al-Khoury earlier Sunday spoke to pro-Syrian government Ikhbariya television . He stood on the Syrian side of the border hoping to greet the nuns and said the negotiations for their release took several months because the kidnappers "  made false requests intended to stall the process . " The Greek Orthodox figure , who often speaks out on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government , added that the recent Syrian troop offensive on the opposition stronghold of Yabroud worked in favor of the nuns ' release . Days after the kidnapping , SANA reported that armed terrorists took the nuns , implying that rebels fighting to oust al-Assad were behind the attack . The chief of an opposition group based in London told CNN he had confirmed that al-Nusra Front fighters abducted the nuns , but Rami Abdurrahman said the fighters did so to protect them from what the group believed would be an impending attack by Syrian government forces . CNN could not confirm Abdurrahman 's account of why the nuns were taken from the Monastery of Saint Tecla in the predominantly Christian village of Maaloula , about 40 miles west of Damascus . Abdurrahman leads the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , based in Great Britain . The U.S. State Department has designated the al-Nusra Front a terrorist organization with links to al Qaeda . Christians make up about 10 % of the population of Syria , but Christianity has a rich history there . Jesus was baptized in the Jordan River , and some people believe it was in a location now along a part of modern-day Syria . Some of the earliest relics were found there . And Maaloula , in the Qalamoun Mountains , is one of the last places where the ancient Aramaic that Jesus spoke is still the main language . Many of Syria 's Christians support the al-Assad government , fearing that an end to his presidency could lead to instability and an Islamist power grab . Meanwhile , on Sunday four rescue workers who rushed to help survivors of a barrel bomb attack in the city of Aleppo became victims themselves when more of the crude explosive devices were dropped by government helicopters , according to the Aleppo Media Center , a communication outlet run by rebels fighting to oust al-Assad . At least 14 are reported dead in that incident , the outlet said . In another neighborhood Sunday , rescue workers recovered the bodies of a husband , wife and five children ranging in ages from 5 to 14 , the outlet reported . A barrel bomb had apparently leveled their home , it said . The attack killed at least 10 people total and destroyed six residential buildings , the outlet reported . The father of one child victim wept and flailed his arms against his body as he cried , "  Where is my son , my Hamoudi ? They buried them alive . Oh God , they buried them alive ! " a video on YouTube shows . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The nuns are mobbed by crowds as they arrive in a Syrian-Lebanon border town Nuns and workers kidnapped last year reportedly freed , pro-Syrian regime media say Lebanese official to state news : Nuns freed in exchange for Syrian prisoners ' release Christians make up 10 % of Syria 's population ; many back al-Assad , fear Islamist militants
Beijing  CNN  -- Getting divorced is never an easy thing , but a city district in northwestern China wants to make it just a bit harder . Since March 2012 , the civil affairs bureau in Chang ` an District of Xi'an City -- an urban area with more than 1 million residents -- has limited the number of divorce filings to no more than 15 a day . Couples eager to part ways but arriving too late are told to return together the next day . This little-known local rule became a hot topic nationwide last week after a divorcing couple failed to obtain a slot and complained to state media . Amid a barrage of criticisms of a wrongheaded government agency interfering with civil liberties , officials defended their "  well-intentioned " system . "  It 's aimed at saving families from impulsive divorces , " Lin Wenhui , head of marriage registration at the Chang ` an civil affairs bureau , told state media . "  Some couples , even after getting a slot , eventually decided not to file for divorce after having some time to calm down and think it through . " Chang ` an is n't the only local government facing accusations of being overzealous in its effort to save marriages . In February , civil affairs officials in Xuzhou -- a city of 9 million people in eastern China -- stirred heated debate for deciding not to accept any divorce filings on Valentine 's Day . Still , government statistics show divorce rates in China have soared in recent years . Last year , Xi'an -- where Chang ` an District is located -- saw 17,670 couples go their separate ways amicably , while the number of divorces nationwide shot up to 3.5 million . Both figures represented an increase of more than 10 % over 2012 . Experts seem divided on the root causes . Some have pointed to a government report that says a quarter of married Chinese women have suffered various forms of domestic violence . Others have even referred to numerous news articles on couples "  fake-divorcing " to skirt restrictions on the number of houses a family can legally buy in major cities . Since its 15-slots-per-day rule went into effect , Chang ` an has bucked the trend and witnessed a decline in the number of divorce filings two years in a row . While admitting the measure 's limited impact in wider society , officials remain unapologetic for trying to preserve the sanctity of marriage . "  Every family we save counts for something , " Lin , the marriage registration chief in Chang ` an , was quoted by state media as saying . "  As the saying goes , one would rather tear down ten temples than destroying one marriage . "	A city district in northwestern China has been limiting divorce filings to 15 a day Officials say the unconventional limit is aimed at stopping "  impulsive divorces " Their actions have become a hot topic nationwide after a couple complained Government figures show divorce rates have soared in China in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine the atmosphere in Congress getting any more toxic , but it could if Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid carries out his threat to use the "  nuclear option " to budge stalled presidential appointees forward . A top Republican aide warns that important bills like the recently approved immigration measure would never pass in a post-nuclear Senate . "  If they blow the place up , then anything requiring a big bipartisan push like immigration will be impossible , " the GOP aide said . Democrats step closer to "  nuclear option " in filibuster fight Republicans will protest by slamming the brakes on action in the Senate , current and former senior Senate aides from both parties predicted to CNN . The poisoned atmosphere could stall passage of several important items moving through Congress like tax reform , judicial nominations , government spending bills and a debt ceiling increase . Even a relatively modest rewrite of student loan laws could be in jeopardy , meaning students headed to school this fall would have to pay higher interest rates . 5 political stories to watch this week Democrats control the Senate but do n't have the 60 votes necessary to break a filibuster . Reid warned Republicans if they do n't drop filibusters against Obama 's Cabinet and agency picks , he will take the drastic step of changing Senate rules without Republican consent . The change would prevent filibusters of executive branch nominations , allowing them to be confirmed on a simple majority vote . A last-ditch effort to head off the crisis will come Monday night , when all senators are scheduled to attend a closed session that Republicans requested in the historic Old Senate chamber . ` Bipartisan cooperation will come to a grinding halt ' "  A likely result of Reid triggering the nuclear option will be an erosion in the comity that makes the Senate the unique institution that it always has been , " one senior Republican staffer told CNN . "  It is very likely that bipartisan cooperation will come to a grinding halt . " A top Democratic aide said , "  The immediate aftermath will be messy . The GOP will shut down the Senate and they will keep it locked down until there are tangible impacts from inaction . Only then , when people start to realize that their lawmakers are not working on the farm bill , immigration , budget and other issues , will they pick up the phone and call their lawmakers . " Jim Manley , a former top aide to Reid , said Republicans have a number of options to slow things down . "  I 'm not so sure what else  Senate Republican leader  Sen.  Mitch  McConnell can do to slow down the Senate more than he already has , but I 'm entirely confident he has any number of tricks up his sleeves , " said Manley , who was with Reid in 2005 when Republicans , then in the majority , threatened to use the nuclear option to prevent filibusters against President George W. Bush 's judicial nominations . "  Declining unanimous consent agreements , doubling the number of amendments they 're demanding , using special procedures to try and divide bills into multiple sections . They have a number of options available to them . " Republicans would n't disclose exactly how they will respond but made clear they wo n't stand idly by . "  I think this senator summed it up nicely , " said Don Stewart , a senior aide to McConnell , pointing to a quote from then-Sen . Barack Obama during the 2005 standoff . "  Everyone in this chamber knows that if the majority chooses to end the filibuster , if they choose to change the rules and put an end to democratic debate , then the fighting , the bitterness , and the gridlock will only get worse , " Obama said then . Both Reid and McConnell were asked on Sunday about being on different sides of the argument in 2005 . Reid said the change he is proposing is "  very minimal , " applying only to Cabinet and executive branch positions . "  This is not judges , this is not legislation -- this has allowing the people of America to have a president who can have his team in place , " Reid said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  This is nothing like what went on " in 2005 . Appearing later on the same program , McConnell seemed to tamp down some of the acrimony . Three days after saying Reid would be remembered as the worst Senate leader ever , McConnell said Reid was "  a reasonable man , he 's a good majority leader . " Opinion : Do n't say ` dysfunctional Congress ' Who would come out worse if crisis not resolved ? A Democratic leadership aide said Republicans have more to lose in a slowdown than Democrats do . "  The conundrum -- for Republicans , not for Democrats -- is whether they can bear shutting the Senate down over a rules change that allows simple nominations to be confirmed , and therefore also end support for popular items like immigration reform , the farm bill , and investments in education , infrastructure and health research , " said a Democratic leadership aide . "  It may play well with their base , but the outrage is certain to fall on deaf ears with the Hispanic community , farmers , teachers , parents and students . " Two other veterans of the 2005 fight , which was resolved after a bipartisan "  Gang of 14 " senators reached a compromise , expressed hope this standoff would be resolved , too , without a change in filibuster rules . At that time , Bob Stevenson was a top aide to then-Majority Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee . He described the threat then as an "  action-forcing mechanism " that resulted in the creation of the "  Gang of 14 . " Stevenson warned if Reid employs the nuclear option now it would "  dramatically change the very nature and culture of the Senate , spilling over into already poisonous partisan debates down the road and making resolution of those issues even more difficult . " He said he is hopeful , but not optimistic , that when senators meet Monday night , the seriousness of the potential consequences will lead to "  cooperation and compromise . " A Democratic aide , who was also at the center of the 2005 fight and who asked not to be identified , said he hopes when the senators meet privately maybe "  some of the more seasoned veterans of these battles " will come forward and say " ` Is n't there a way to resolve this ? ' That 's what happened in 2005 . " McConnell said Sunday that he hoped an ugly fight can be avoided , as it was in 2005 when "  cooler heads prevailed . " "  We knew it would be a mistake for the long-term future of the Senate and the country . That 's what I hope is going to happen here , David , " McConnell told NBC 's David Gregory . "  We have an opportunity to pull back from the brink in this meeting we 're going to have of senators in the Old Senate chamber Monday night . I hope we 'll come to our senses and not change the core of the Senate . "	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid threatens to go nuclear over stalled Obama appointees Congressional aides predict any chance of bipartisan cooperation would reach "  grinding halt " Republicans threatened to use the same tactic when they controlled Senate Senators have scheduled a closed-door meeting Monday to try to avoid bitter fight
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated Thursday outside a large gathering of her supporters where a suicide bomber also killed at least 14 , doctors and a spokesman for her party said . Benazir Bhutto greets her supporters at the rally that was hit by a suicide attack . While Bhutto appeared to have died from bullet wounds , it was not immediately clear if she was shot or if her wounds were caused by bomb shrapnel . President Pervez Musharraf held an emergency meeting in the hours after the death , according to state media . Police warned citizens to stay home as they expected rioting to break out in city streets in reaction to the death . Police sources told CNN the bomber , who was riding a motorcycle , blew himself up near Bhutto 's vehicle . Watch aftermath of the attack . " Bhutto was rushed to Rawalpindi General Hospital -- less than two miles from the bombing scene -- where doctors pronounced her dead . Former Pakistan government spokesman Tariq Azim Khan said while it appeared Bhutto was shot , it was unclear if the bullet wounds to her head and neck were caused by a shooting or if it was shrapnel from the bomb . Watch Benazir Bhutto obituary . " Bhutto 's husband issued a statement from his home in Dubai saying , "  All I can say is we 're devastated , it 's a total shock . " President Bush , vacationing at his Texas ranch , has been "  informed about the situation in Pakistan , " said the White House . "  We condemn the acts of violence which took place today in Pakistan , " said a spokesman . The number of wounded was not immediately known . However , video of the scene showed ambulances lined up to take many to hospitals . The attack came just hours after four supporters of former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif died when members of another political party opened fire on them at a rally near the Islamabad airport Thursday , Pakistan police said . Several other members of Sharif 's party were wounded , police said . Bhutto , who led Paksitan from 1988 to 1990 and was the first female prime minister of any Islamic nation , was participating in the parliamentary election set for January 8 , hoping for a third term . A terror attack targeting her motorcade in Karachi killed 136 people on the day she returned to Pakistan after eight years of self-imposed exile . View timeline . " CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi , who was at the scene of both bombings , said Thursday 's blast was not as powerful as that October attack . Thursday 's attacks come less than two weeks after Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf lifted an emergency declaration he said was necessary to secure his country from terrorists . Bhutto had been critical of what she believed was a lack of effort by Musharraf 's government to protect her . Two weeks after the October assassination attempt , she wrote a commentary for CNN.com in which she questioned why Pakistan investigators refused international offers of help in finding the attackers . "  The sham investigation of the October 19 massacre and the attempt by the ruling party to politically capitalize on this catastrophe are discomforting , but do not suggest any direct involvement by General Pervez Musharraf , " Bhutto wrote . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohsin Naqvi contributes to this report	NEW : Pakistan 's Former PM Benazir Bhutto assassinated NEW : Bhutto suffered bullet wounds in aftermath of suicide attack Police warn people to stay home amid fears of violent backlash
CNN  -- Jenson Button fears the weather could have a huge impact on the Malaysian Grand Prix as his McLaren team try to haul back Red Bull 's lightning start to the season . Button emerged victorious at the Sepang circuit in 2009 when the race had to be cut short due to torrential rain , and he went on to clinch the drivers ' championship at the end of that campaign . The British McLaren driver finished sixth in the season-opener in Melbourne two weeks ago , as reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel drove from pole to flag to secure an impressive victory for Red Bull . And Button thinks whoever handles the inclement weather best in Asia will stand a good chance of claiming the checkered flag . He told Formula One 's official website : "  It is a fun place to race and the weather can really play a big part here , especially with the four o'clock start , it is pretty much on the dot when it starts raining . "  It makes it tricky for every team in the pit-lane and every driver to really understand the conditions and to make the right call . " Only 33 laps were possible when Button won in 2009 as thunderstorms and failing light made racing too dangerous . Drivers also have to contend with the humidity in Malaysia and Button has been training in Hawaii for the past week to prepare for the tough conditions . He told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph : "  With the heat and humidity , and with it being a very tough circuit on tires , then we are going to see a very different race to the last one in Melbourne . "  Then you chuck the weather into it and it 's going to be absolute madness . It will still be good , and we 're all looking forward to it because you never really know what 's going to happen . " Button might well have improved on his sixth place in Melbourne but for a tussle with Ferrari 's Felipe Massa , which resulted in a drive through penalty after he overtook the Brazilian illegally . But the 31-year-old thinks overtaking will be far easier in Malaysia , with the help of the Drag Reductions System  which helps cars boost speed in passing situations  . He said : "  It is one of those circuits where you can really have a good tussle as corners flow into each other . I think with the DRS it is going to make overtaking a lot easier than it was in Melbourne . "	Jenson Button says the weather could play a big part at the Malaysian Grand Prix Torrential rain caused the 2009 race to be called off after only 33 laps Button won that rain-hit race on his way to 2009 drivers ' championship British McLaren driver also thinks humidity will be a factor for drivers
CNN  -- The nation 's aviation security chief is sticking to his decision to permit small knives on planes , despite increasing pressure to reverse course . There was immediate opposition from some pilots and flight attendants to the decision last week by Transportation Security Administration Administrator John Pistole . Those flight crew members are concerned the decision dangerously relaxes aviation security and sends the wrong message to a flying public eager for more simplicity and efficiency in passenger and bag screening . But the situation in Washington grew more intense on Monday . By afternoon , more than 20,000 people had signed a petition to whitehouse.gov calling on the TSA to keep knives off planes . Moreover , key lawmakers have sought a reversal of the decision , and the biggest airlines are now wondering if the mater was thought through carefully enough . "  Additional discussion is warranted before items that have been banned for more than 11 years are allowed back on aircraft , " said the industry 's chief trade group , Airlines for America . One industry leader , Delta Air Lines chief executive Richard Anderson , said previously the decision will add little to aviation security efficiency while raising risks for passengers and crew members . But Pistole is resolute that the move is correct , that U.S. aviation security has improved since the 2001 al Qaeda hijack attacks on the United States to the point that the likelihood of a similar plot succeeding against a commercial airliner is remote . "  Our intent is to implement the changes on April 25 , " TSA spokesman David Castelveter told CNN on Monday . Pistole is expected to defend the decision on Thursday at a House Homeland Security Committee hearing . Flight attendants : Decision does n't make sense Castelveter said the new rule is consistent with Pistole 's embrace of Risk-Based Security . This emphasizes detection of liquid explosives and improvised bombs that experts say pose a far greater risk to airline security . Experts believe hardened cockpit doors and engaged passengers minimize chances that hijackers using small knives would be successful . Bombs , however , can be hard to detect and can get aboard planes in a number of ways , including cargo . The agency , created in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks , banned small blades and other sharp objects in response . Over the past decade , it has added and subtracted items from its prohibited list , permitting small screwdrivers , small scissors , cigarette lighters and matches , and banning large quantities of liquids and gels . The TSA said the latest decision will bring the United States into basic compliance with international standards . These allow knives shorter than 6 centimeters , or 2.3 inches , aboard aircraft . Castelveter said Pistole twice considered internal proposals to alter the list without making changes . But in his third review , which included vetting by TSA leadership and security experts , Pistole opted to act . TSA screeners find 4-5 guns on a typical day In response to concerns from Federal Air Marshal Service leadership , Pistole continued excluding small knives that most closely resemble weapons , specifically those with blades that lock in place or have molded hand grips . He also decided to keep box cutters and razor blades on the prohibited items list because there is "  too much emotion associated " with their use in the 9/11 hijackings . Still , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and Rep. Ed Markey , D-Massachusetts , both called upon Pistole over the weekend to reconsider his decision . And on Monday , Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi said the decision appeared to have been made "  in a vacuum " and will impact millions of passengers . Thompson is the senior Democrat on the panel that will hear Pistole 's testimony later this week . Others opposing the change include the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , representing nearly 90,000 flight attendants , and the Coalition of Airline Pilots Associations  CAPA  , which represents 22,000 airline pilots . The journey of airport security booty "  We believe the threat is still real and the removal of any layer of security will put crew members and the flying public unnecessarily in harm 's way , " CAPA President Mike Karn said . In addition to the small knives , the TSA will allow passengers to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Pistole said in a three-month period last year , the TSA seized 47 small knives from passengers at Los Angeles International Airport alone . But the knives presented little threat to the plane , he said . "  Our greatest concern , the greatest risk , is non-metalic IEDs , whether that 's explosive , whether that 's  an  electronic initiator or a chemical initiator , whatever that may be . That 's what I want security officers to focus on , " he said .	TSA rolled back prohibition on small knives aboard commercial flights NEW : 20,000 signatures on White House website seeking reversal of decision Small knives were banned after the 9/11 al Qaeda hijack attacks NEW : Airlines now wonder whether decision was thought through carefully enough
CNN  -- Faced with some of driest conditions Texas has seen in nearly a century , firefighters around the state are struggling to fight off what a forest service official on Sunday called the "  perfect storm for wildfires . " April Saginor , a spokeswoman with the Texas Forest Service , said crews were having difficulty getting hundreds of blazes under control due to a rare combination of strong winds , unseasonably warm temperatures and low humidity . Conditions this spring are the driest they 've been in Texas since 1917 , she claimed . Authorities have responded to 7,807 fires across more than 1.5 million acres since this year 's wildfire season began , Gov. Rick Perry wrote in a letter late Saturday to President Barack Obama requesting that the federal government declare Texas a disaster area . These have affected all but two of the state 's 254 counties . On Sunday , some 1,300 personnel representing 34 states were on the front lines battling these fires . And , unless there is a drastic and sustained change in conditions , Saginor said she expects the fight to continue for several months more . "  We 're looking at this as a marathon , not a sprint , " she said . "  We 're very committed to this . " To that end , Perry 's request to federal authorities -- which he made late Saturday and announced Sunday -- was an attempt to expedite federal assistance . "  I have determined that this incident is of such severity and magnitude that effective response is beyond the capabilities of the state and the affected local governments , and that supplementary federal assistance is necessary , " the governor wrote in his letter to Obama , sent through a Texas-based Federal Emergency Management Agency official . Saginor noted that rural areas and more populated areas like Austin have been affected -- though she added that there have been no civilian casualties and problems with numerous evacuations that have taken place . The governor noted that one firefighter has died and 18 others have been injured , while 244 homes have been destroyed and another 8,514 threatened residences "  saved . " "  The wildland fire risk potential has reached a critically high level , " Perry said . These conditions "  present a serious hazard to the lives and property of the citizens of the state . " New and evolving wildfires prompted three sets of evacuations Sunday , all while crews tried to prevent further damage all around the state . The Texas Forest Service announced in a statement that , as of 2:15 p.m. Sunday , people were being ordered to evacuate from Strawn and other parts of Palo Pinto County and Caddo in Stephens County . Strawn 's population of 764 , the forest agency said , is endangered by a fire fanned by strong winds and fueled by "  extremely dry " conditions in north central Texas . People in other parts of Palo Pinto County , including those in about 300 homes and a campground in the Peninsula on Possum Kingdom Lake , have also been told to leave . Saginor explained that these actions are part of a trio of nearby fires that , collectively , have burned 55,000 acres . Numerous resources -- including three helitankers  helicopters that dump water  , two Blackhawk helicopters and three 20-man crews -- have been brought in , she said . A 2,200-acre fire imperiled Caddo , where 40 people lived in 2000 , according to the Texas State Historical Society . Two hours later , the forest service noted that evacuations were "  in progress " in Travis County , home of the state capital of Austin . That fire , while smaller than many others at 60 acres , raised alarms as it crept near 100 homes , 10 businesses and Austin Community College . The forest service update , posted online at 4:19 p.m. Sunday , said "  extreme fire behavior is being exhibited , " though no additional information was immediately available . Mother Nature did n't appear to be doing firefighters any favors . Sustained winds in many locales were blowing 20 to 25 mph from the south this weekend , and gusting even stronger . And the long-term forecast did n't look much better . The forecast in Palo Pinto County for instance , called for high temperatures in the mid-90s through Tuesday , according to the National Weather Service . In Austin , temperatures are expected to hit or surpass 90 all week . "  With the winds that we 've got today , it 's hard to be aggressive with any suppression activities ; it 's just too dangerous to get in front of that type of fire , " Texas Forest Service spokesman Marq Webb told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  The fires we 're experiencing in some cases are moving four or five miles an hour . That 's the length of a football field every minute . " As of Saturday , Texas Forest Service personnel were responding to at least 14,758 acres of new fires -- five of them major -- that broke out during the day . A blend of potent winds , dense growth of flammable material and low humidity have made this a challenging season for firefighters in the state , with 195 Texas counties banning any burning in a bid to prevent more blazes . The biggest of the new fires Saturday was in Jack County , where more than 150 homes were threatened and ultimately saved in the town of Bryson , according to the forest service . That 7,500-acre fire was 40 % contained as of 11 a.m. Sunday . A 1,440-acre fire in Trinity County burning in mostly pine forest 20 miles northwest of Livingston and 800 acres that imperiled 40 homes in Tyler County some 10 miles northeast of Kountze were both 50 % contained . Two Blackhawk helicopters , from the National Guard , were called in to assist with the latter blaze , the Texas Forest Service said . Some 1,850 acres in Cisco were threatened by a new 1,400-acre fire in Eastland County that was 75 % contained , and forces had batted down an even higher percentage of the 2,000-acre blaze burning in Young County , six miles northeast of Graham . All these blazes paled in size to several others elsewhere in Texas . The biggest this season has been the so-called Rockhouse fire that spanned more than 182,000 acres in Presidio and Jeff Davis counties . That blaze , which destroyed 23 homes and two businesses , is 70 % contained . In Coke County , north of San Angelo , crews had only managed to contain 10 % of 130,000 acres of what 's being called the Wildcat fire . The Texas Forest Service said late Sunday afternoon that this blaze was moving north and northwest , making it a threat to the county seat of Robert Lee and its 1,171 residents . New resources were brought in this weekend to fight this fire , with the state agency saying crews planned to approach it from the south . Another major wildfire centered in Cooper Mountain Ranch -- spanning 152,000 acres in Kent , Stonewall and Fisher counties -- was half-contained as of Sunday morning , with shifting winds the previous day pushing the flames toward Camp Springs . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : A forest service spokeswoman says conditions are the driest since 1917 One fire Sunday spurs evacuations and threatens a college in Travis County , near Austin Governor asks for help , saying the wildfire fight "  is beyond the capabilities of the state " Texas authorities have battled 7,807 fires over more than 1.5 million acres so far this season
CNN  -- The Vatican has rejected criticism that church leaders sought to cover up extensive abuse of young people by priests in Ireland , in a lengthy statement sent to the Irish government Saturday . The Vatican response follows a biting attack by Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in the wake of the Cloyne report , published in July , which investigated abuses in the diocese of Cloyne , near the southern city of Cork . Addressing lawmakers , Kenny claimed the report exposed the Vatican as trying to hinder an inquiry into child sex abuse for its own benefit and said it revealed the "  dysfunction , the disconnection , the elitism that dominate the culture of the Vatican to this day . " Irish lawmakers then passed a motion deploring "  the Vatican 's intervention which contributed to the undermining of the child protection framework and guidelines of the Irish State and the Irish Bishops . " Tthe Vatican responded to the criticism by Kenny and other Irish lawmakers by recalling its envoy to Ireland , Archbishop Giuseppe Leanza . Saturday 's 25-page statement is the latest development in a row that has seen an unprecedented rift open up between the Vatican and Ireland , a heavily Roman Catholic country . The Vatican response takes issue with Kenny 's statement to lawmakers , saying "  the accusation that the Holy See attempted to frustrate an inquiry in a sovereign democratic republic is unfounded . " It also says that many of the criticisms and allegations made against it in the Cloyne report appear to result from the way a 1997 letter to the Irish Bishops ' Conference from the then-papal nuncio was read -- although it acknowledges the letter is open to "  misinterpretation " if taken out of context . Detailing letters and reports issued by the Vatican , it questions the conclusions drawn by investigators as to the Church 's approach to dealing with complaints of by priests . "  The Holy See does not accept that it was somehow indifferent to the plight of those who suffered abuse in Ireland , as Mr Kenny implied in his speech " to lawmakers , the statement says . Rather , it says , the Holy See "  devoted considerable attention to the Irish situation , " through meetings with Irish bishops and directions given by the Pope to Irish church leaders . The Vatican also expresses its regret for the abuses committed , acknowledges instances were sometimes mishandled and says it is confident new measures brought in in Ireland and elsewhere will prevent such "  deplorable acts " recurring . "  In a spirit of humility , the Holy See , while rejecting unfounded accusations , welcomes all objective and helpful observations and suggestions to combat with determination the appalling crime of sexual abuse of minors , " the statement says . The Vatican response was welcomed by the head of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady . "  The reply conveys the profound abhorrence of the Holy See for the crime of sexual abuse and its sorrow and shame for the terrible sufferings which the victims of abuse and their families have endured within the Church of Jesus Christ , a place where this should never happen , " he said in an online statement . Released July 13 , the 421-page report into the handling of abuses in the diocese of Cloyne -- near the southern city of Cork -- demolished claims by the Catholic Church in Ireland that policies it put in place in 1996 had enabled it to get a handle on the problem . It also accused Bishop John Magee , who was responsible for policing abuse in his diocese , of not backing the policies himself and failing to take action against abusers . The report detailed how complaints against 19 clerics in the diocese were dealt with between 1996 and 2009 by church and state authorities .	NEW : The head of the Catholic Church in Ireland welcomes the Vatican 's response The Vatican says claims it tried to hinder inquiries into abuse by priests are unfounded Its statement rejects criticisms made by Ireland 's prime minister and other lawmakers A report released in July said the Roman Catholic Church failed abuse victims
Washington  CNN  -- For the third straight year , federal customs officials marked the Cyber Monday online shopping extravaganza by seizing scores of websites that were allegedly selling counterfeit or falsely labeled products to unsuspecting customers . Read more : Black Friday , Cyber Monday and now #GivingTuesday For the first time , U.S. authorities said they had partnered with European nations to conduct a similar crackdown overseas . All told , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said they had seized control of 101 U.S.-based websites , while European authorities had seized 31 , with more actions expected . "  The vast majority of these websites are operating overseas and  in  foreign countries in which we are not present . That 's part of the challenge here , " ICE Director John Morton said . "  We 're dealing with organized criminals who ... are trying very hard not to be caught . " Read more : Is there still a need for Cyber Monday ? By partnering with European law enforcement , ICE is bringing transnational pressure to transnational crime , Morton said . Morton said the websites are growing more sophisticated , mimicking or even duplicating legitimate websites . The seized websites claimed to be selling familiar name-brand products , including Ergobaby Carriers , New Era hats , Nike sneakers , Tiffany jewelry , Oakley sunglasses , NFL jerseys and Adobe software . Although some products may have fooled customers , many were inferior products and some should have been obvious frauds . One website sold a DVD entitled "  100 Years of Disney , " but the Walt Disney Company -- founded in 1923 -- is less than 100 years old , Morton said . Read more : Cyber Monday off to a strong start Shoppers who visit the websites will now see a banner reading , in part : "  This domain name has been seized by ICE - Homeland Security Investigations pursuant to a seizure warrant issued by a United States District Court . " With the 101 domain names seized this season , ICE 's National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center has seized 1,630 sites since it began operating in June 2010 . Of those , 684 have now been forfeited to the U.S. government , ICE said . Under the forfeiture process , individuals who have an interest in seized domain names can contest the action in federal court . If no claim is filed , the domain names become the property of the U.S. government . Morton advised online shoppers to research the websites they use . "  Do your homework . Know your supplier , " he said . "  At the end of the day , trust your instincts . This is probably your best line of defense , so do n't reason away your intuition simply for the sake of an extra dollar or two . " ICE officials said that law enforcement agencies from Belgium , Denmark , France , Romania and the United Kingdom , and the European Police Office  Europol  are participating in this year 's crackdown , dubbed Project Transatlantic . They executed seizures of foreign-based domains such as . eu , . be , . dk , . fr , . ro and . uk . The intellectual property center and Europol received leads from various trademark holders regarding the infringing websites . Those leads were disseminated to eight field offices in Baltimore ; Buffalo , New York ; Denver ; El Paso , Texas ; Newark , New Jersey ; San Antonio , San Diego and Ventura , California , and to the investigating Europol member countries .	U.S. immigration , European police shut 132 websites selling counterfeit goods Some sites were sophisticated , while others were obviously fraudulent , U.S. says Crackdown comes on Cyber Monday , an important day for online retailers
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama paid tribute Wednesday to those who have lost their lives in the nation 's wars as well as to the men and women who currently serve . "  There 's no tribute , no commemoration , no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice , " he said in a speech at Arlington National Cemetery on a rainy , overcast Veterans Day . "  We call this a holiday , but for many veterans , it 's another day of memories that drive them to live their lives each day as best as they possibly can , " he said . "  For our troops , it is another day in harm 's way . For their families , it is another day to feel the absence of a loved one and the concern for their safety . For our wounded warriors , it is another day of slow recovery . And in this national cemetery , it is another day when grief remains fresh . " He vowed that "  America will do right " by its troops . "  To all who served in every battle in every war , we say that it 's never too late to say thank you . " Earlier Wednesday , the president and first lady Michelle Obama also walked through Section 60 of Arlington National Cemetery , CNN 's Jill Dougherty reported . The section is where service members from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried . There , the Obamas stopped to talked to relatives and friends of those who have died . Skip and Rhonda Rollins of New Hampshire were visiting the gravesite of their son , Justin , who was killed in Iraq in 2007 . He would have turned 25 on Tuesday . The couple said they were "  extremely surprised " to see Obama "  take the time to speak with the families " in Section 60 . Although he said he generally holds different political views from those of the president , Skip Rollins said that supporting American soldiers , both living and dead , "  should always be a nonpartisan issue . " He added , "  It was extremely nice of him to take this time out to come down here and do this . " The couple said they make the trip to their son 's grave each year around this time for their son 's birthday and for Veterans Day . "  It 's not just my son that I mourn for ; when I see all the others ' stones , the ages of the soldiers , and you know they 've given the ultimate sacrifice for all of us . And you know it 's hard for me to leave , to leave my son , " Rhonda Rollins said . Earlier Wednesday , the president laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns in the cemetery . He then stood solemnly as a bugle played taps . Some onlookers watched from under umbrellas . Veterans Day comes a day after Obama addressed 15,000 people at a memorial service at Fort Hood Army Post , where 13 people were killed and dozens more were wounded in a shooting last week . The president told the families of those killed that "  no words can fill the void that has been left , " adding , "  your loved ones endure through the life of our nation . " The suspected gunman in the attack is a 39-year-old Army psychiatrist , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , who remains in intensive care at an Army hospital in San Antonio , Texas . Later Wednesday , Obama discussed with his war council scenarios to move forward in Afghanistan . One scenario , a senior administration official and U.S. military official independently confirmed , calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan . Other nations honored those who sacrificed their lives in wars on Wednesday , in many cases for the first time without any surviving veterans of World War I. Services took place around the world to mark the 91st anniversary of the armistice signed between Germany and the Allies on November 11 , 1918 . Depending on where it is celebrated , the day is known as Armistice Day , Remembrance Day , Poppy Day or Veterans Day . In Britain , Queen Elizabeth led Remembrance Day ceremonies in Westminster Abbey , a service also attended by Prime Minister Gordon Brown and other senior politicians and military leaders . In Paris , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a ceremony under the Arc de Triomphe . Australians observed one minute silence at 11 a.m. in memory of those who died or suffered in all of the nation 's wars and armed conflicts . "  Their loss is a reminder that there is nothing glorious about war . Those called upon to fight know that better than anyone , " said Gen. Peter Cosgrove , chairman of the Council of the Australian War Memorial . CNN 's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report .	"  No praise ... can truly match the magnitude of your service , " he tells veterans America will do right by its troops , Obama promises Nations around the world take day to honor fighting men and women
CNN  -- Comedian Russell Peters has been a stand-up comic for 24 years , has a worldwide following and is one of the highest-earning comedians in the world , among Jerry Seinfeld , Louis C.K. and Chris Rock . He was the first comic to play at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , and has appeared on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , " "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " and Comedy Central . But in the United States , he is not a household name . "  I know how it goes , " he said before accepting an award at the South Asians in Media , Marketing and Entertainment Summit last month . "  First  Hollywood  calls Aziz  Ansari  , then Aasif  Mandvi  , then me . " Peters may not have been on a mainstream network or cable American television show like Ansari of "  Parks and Recreation " or Mandvi of "  The Daily Show . " But it has n't stopped the comedian from filling arenas and setting his sights on more . His millions of fans around the world know that Peters ' comedy is based on making the kind of cultural observations few can get away with in a politically correct culture . "  Who I am on stage is just an amped up version of who I am in real life , " he said . The Anglo-Indian Canadian -- he was born outside Toronto to Indian parents -- has an insider-outsider act that manages to both unite and offend fans and critics . Case in point : His monologue about the Portuguese language , which he said sounds like badly pronounced Spanish spoken by a deaf person . The act did not endear him to Portuguese speakers . Then there 's his take on stereotypes about Arabs : "  I do n't do any Arab jokes in my act . It 's not that I do n't think  they 're  funny , I just , you know , I do n't wan na die . " His personal observations of his own family have drawn in a lot of fans , too . His act about his father -- a character created from stories about his own father and a friend 's -- considered how different families approach discipline for their kids . Peters told audiences that before his father hit him , his dad would say "  Somebody gon na get hurt real bad ! " Peters jokes that he hated the line about "  somebody . " "  You knew it was you , but it gave you this hope , " he said . The video of the act went viral and catapulted the comic beyond Canada to an international audience . Soon , his impersonations of Indian and Cantonese accents became his comedic signature -- earning laughs and criticism . Now , with the release of a four-part documentary and Netflix 's first comedy special , "  Notorious , " Peters ' continues to "  go there , " and bring viewers along for the ride . "  My intention is to make you laugh , that 's all I want to do . My intention is never to hurt anybody 's feelings , " he said . CNN spoke to Peters in New York when he was being awarded a 2013 Trailblazer Award by the South Asians in Media , Marketing and Entertainment Association . In this edited conversation , he shares what he learned while doing stand-up , and how understanding his bullies prepared him for a career in comedy . CNN : How would you describe your voice in comedy ? Peters : Frank , blunt , unapologetic and my intent is to make you laugh , not to do anything else . I 'm not really trying to make you think too hard , but sometimes I say things just to see if you 're paying attention . And that 's how I gauge how up or down the intellectual scale I 'm going to go . CNN : Take me back to growing up in Toronto . You 've talked about being bullied , taking up boxing and being immersed in hip-hop culture to deal with that time in your life . Tell me how these forces shaped you and shaped , eventually , your comedy . Peters : When you 're at a young age being reminded that you 're not like everyone else , and you were called ` Paki ' or whatever they did , or they 'd spit on you or kick you ... I did n't understand . I could n't figure it out , because obviously racism , prejudice is a learned behavior . It 's not a natural instinct , you know . So the boxing gave me the confidence that I needed , and the hip-hop gave me the identity that I needed . CNN : What would you tell the younger Russell who was being bullied at that time ? Peters : Here 's the thing , I was never like , down ... For me , I think it just goes to who you are inside . My goal was always to try and figure out what they hated about me . I was never like : "  I hate you , too . " It was more like , "  Well I do n't really like what you 're doing to me , but I would like to get into your brain to figure out why you 're doing this to me . " So whenever I meet and go to different countries or meet different cultures I automatically try and think the way they think so I can approach them the way they need to be approached . CNN : That must have been really helpful in comedy . Peters : Well that 's why we 're here today , because that somehow has bled into my comedy and that 's the way I approach it . I do n't feel like excluding people . I want to include everybody . And the more people in on the joke the better it is , you know ? CNN : What would you like your fans to know about you , that they do n't know from your comedy ? Peters : I think a lot of people mistake my confidence on stage for cockiness in real life , and that 's actually farthest from the truth . When I 'm on stage I 'm that confident and that cocky , because I have a microphone in my hand , and there 's a few thousand people staring at me . And I know they 're there to laugh . But you take that all away from me , and I 'm back to Regular Joe status , where I may have a little bit of confidence , but I 'm not just gon na roll up on some chick because , you know , I think I 'm somebody else . No matter where you are , the root of you is designed from a young age . So if my confidence was taken as a child , you can gain back a lot of the confidence , but that root of the cavity will still be there .	Comedian Russell Peters ' releases the first original Netflix comedy special , "  Notorious " He 's not a household name in the United States , but has a worldwide fan base Fans love his take on cultural stereotypes , but he has critics , too Peters : "  My intention is to make you laugh , that 's all I want to do "
CNN  -- More than two years after undergoing a landmark , near-total face transplant at the Cleveland Clinic , Connie Culp said Monday she was happy with the transformation . "  I can smell now , " the grandmother told CNN . "  I can eat steak , I can eat almost any solid foods -- so it 's all getting better . " Culp recently met with the family of the donor , Anna Kasper of Lakewood , Ohio , who had worked in a nursing home and whose donated body parts helped 50 people . "  It was scary at first , but we had a really good time and they explained to me what happened to  the donor  and they were just so sweet , " Culp said . "  I mean , she was a nurse in a rest home and she was a donor from the beginning so it was easy for them to make the decision . " Culp said Kasper 's family told her the two do not look much like each other . "  They said the only resemblance is my nose , " she said . Instead , her face reflects a combination of Kasper 's and her own before it was disfigured in 2004 by a shotgun blast that shattered her nose , cheeks and upper lip . "  I think my face is actually starting to come back a little bit , " Culp said Monday . She received Kasper 's nose , upper lip and cheekbones in a 22-hour operation on December 10 , 2008 -- the first of 30 surgical procedures . Though her sense of feeling has gotten stronger in her face , her sense of humor has remained intact . Asked how she is feeling , she answered , "  Like everybody else is -- I 'm trying to stay warm . " But Culp 's medical odyssey is not over . Her continuing recuperative regimen includes taking anti-rejection medication and doing exercises to strengthen her facial muscles , she said . "  I pronounce the vowels really strongly , like AHHHHHH , " she said . Culp expressed gratitude to the many people who have written her expressing their support and to whom she is trying to respond with notes of her own . "  It 's awesome and I 'm still signing them , " she said . "  I just have n't sent them all out yet , but I 'm working on it . "	"  I can smell now ; I can eat steak , " transplant recipient exults Culp met with the family of the woman whose face was transplanted How 's she doing ? "  Like everybody else , I 'm trying to stay warm , " she says
CNN  -- When life gives you Comcast , make a "  shamecast . " Shamecasting is what I 'm calling tech journalist Ryan Block 's ingenious method of publicly shaming Comcast for the way the cable company treated him on the phone . I hope it becomes a national trend . On Tuesday morning , Block posted an audio clip of his 18-minute , nightmarish attempt to try to cancel service . Instead of cooperating with Block 's simple request , which Comcast is legally required to do , the customer service representative badgered him , threw up obstacles and generally exhibited sociopathic behavior . After the clip went viral , Block received an official apology from the company , which said , in part : "  The way in which our representative communicated with him is unacceptable and not consistent with how we train our customer service representatives . " Nor is it consistent with the social norms of any society on Earth . Yet the clip went viral because of our cathartic solidarity with Block . We 've all been held hostage by big companies afraid of losing business . We 've all been told by anonymous customer service representatives that they "  ca n't " help us . They "  ca n't " discontinue service . They "  ca n't " give us a confirmation number . In short , we 've all felt helpless . Comcast 's apology also cited its "  embarrassment . " If embarrassment is the only language these companies speak , let 's give it to them . Let 's shamecast companies who refuse to treat customers with respect . Coincidentally , a few weeks before the Comcast episode , I started recording my own phone calls with customer service representatives . My latest dispute had gone on for months , and I was still receiving bills for work that was never done  and that had been officially canceled  . But things took a swift turn when I notified the representative that I was recording the conversation . Soon after that call , I was contacted by the same person  $ " this time with an apologetic tone , assuring me the matter was resolved . Most customer service representatives do not exhibit the sociopathic behavior of the Comcast employee . Most customer service reps are nice people who are just trying to do their job . Furthermore , many of them have to suffer their own abuse from angry callers who feel trapped and mistreated by a company . Most of the time it 's not the customer service rep 's fault . But we 've got to do something about the dysfunctional system of customer service . Enter shamecasting . Online review sites are helpful , but there 's a big difference between interpretation and reality . With a recorded conversation , you 've got proof . It 's the difference between "  I 'm being mistreated by a company " and "  I 'm being mistreated by a company  $ " listen to this audio clip of our interaction . " The next time you call a big company and get a difficult customer service representative , protect yourself . If you have an iPhone , you do n't need anything else . There are several apps that can record calls for you .  For legal reasons , make sure you notify the representative that you 're recording the call . If you do n't have a smartphone , no problem . As long as you put your call on speakerphone , there are several ways to record it . Most laptops have built-in microphones , and you can simply record the conversation using Garage Band or another piece of recording software . Or you can buy a cheap digital audio recording device that records in several modes , including . wav and . mp3 . These files can be easily transferred to your laptop , and then , if necessary , to the Internet . As you record your conversation , stay calm . If anybody is going to look like the bad guy , it 's not going to be you . Hopefully , your call will go well , the company will cooperate with your request , and you can go about your day . But if not , you can upload your audio clip to Soundcloud , like Block did , and then broadcast it to the world through Twitter , Facebook , or your blog . Imagine the relief you 'll experience the next time you interact with a telephone representative . When he or she tells you that your call may be recorded for "  quality assurance purposes , " you will be able to respond with : "  And just so you know , I 'm recording this call for consumer protection purposes . "	A Comcast customer service representative 's rude call with a customer went viral David Wheeler : We 've all been held hostage by big companies afraid of losing business He says we 've got to do something about dysfunctional system of customer service Wheeler : The next time you get a difficult customer rep , you can record the call
CNN  -- Former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo was formally charged with electoral sabotage Saturday , days after she was detained as she tried to leave the country . CNN affiliate ABS CBN , citing national police , reported that the former president was booked from her hospital room at St. Luke 's Medical Center in Taguig City , where she is under police guard . The Philippine Commission on Elections on Friday approved fraud charges against Arroyo and several other former officials . Arroyo is charged in connection with the alleged manipulation of results during 2007 Senate elections , according to the Philippines News Agency . She has denied any wrongdoing . Arroyo was stopped from leaving the country Tuesday as she was trying to board a plane at Manila 's Ninoy Aquino International Airport , hours after the country 's Supreme Court overruled government-imposed restrictions on her travels . The Supreme Court again Friday rejected the government 's travel ban , saying she was free to leave as long as she posted a bond and met other requirements , said Jose Midas Marquez , a court spokesman Arroyo was reportedly boarding the flight to seek medical treatment abroad for her bone disease diagnosed earlier this year , following three unsuccessful spinal operations in the Philippines . She arrived at the airport in an ambulance and was transported to the departure gate in a wheelchair while wearing a neck brace . Arroyo 's lawyer , Raul Lambino , said the former first couple was "  subjected to indignity and embarrassment at the airport , " calling the government 's defiance of the Supreme Court order "  abhorrent and in violation of the rights of the individual guaranteed by the  Philippine 's  constitution and the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights . " But presidential spokesman Edwin Lacierda described the situation as "  all high drama , " according to media reports . "  They  the Arroyos  want the public to sympathize with them , " he added . He said that while the Arroyo couple would be treated with dignity , the government would be "  firm in our decision not to allow them to leave the country . " Arroyo 's husband , Jose Miguel Arroyo , is also accused of corruption . The Supreme Court , which is mostly staffed by judges hired under Arroyo , defied current President Benigno Aquino 's state mandate of investigating allegations of corruption during Arroyo 's 2001-2010 presidential term . CNN 's Karen Smith and Journalist Winona Cueva contributed to this report	Arroyo is officially charged with manipulating a 2007 Senate election She was booked at a hospital The government stopped her from leaving the country despite a court ruling
Africa is in the middle of an amazing demographic shift . Our continent is the only one where the size of the younger generation is rising significantly . Our population is already 16 years younger than in China , and this is only the beginning . Within less than three generations , four out of ten of the world 's youth will live on our continent . This demographic dividend -- and the energy and enthusiasm it brings -- offers us a unique advantage which other continents facing the prospect of a rapidly aging population and dwindling workforce can only envy . In a world changing with breakneck speed , it is young people who are best equipped to identify and deliver fresh solutions to our problems . But we will only fully reap these benefits if we listen to young people , engage with them and provide the education , skills and support they need to prosper . Despite progress , we continue to fail to rise to this challenge . Young people , all too often , find their interests overlooked and their voices ignored . Read this : ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future There can be no clearer symbol of this disconnect than the age of those who continue to set the direction of our countries and their citizens . For while the median age of Africa 's population is now 20 and falling , the average age of our continent 's leaders is around 60 . I am not arguing , of course , that teenagers should be put in charge of countries . Experience counts in government even more than in business . But Africa must ask itself why our continent appears so frightened of giving the younger generation a chance . After all , David Cameron and Tony Blair both became UK Prime Ministers for the first time when they were 43 . Barack Obama first became President of the United States at the age of 47 . Even more importantly , he will step down , because of the constitution , eight years after he entered the White House . In contrast , Africa has just witnessed an 89-year old sworn in as President of Zimbabwe , a post he first gained 25 years ago . And this was after he had already led his country as Prime Minister for nearly a decade . The truth is that it is not so much the age that our leaders first come to power which is the problem but their reluctance to relinquish it . Where necessary , constitutional terms are altered to allow them to continue long after they were supposed to step down . Read this : Holding African governments to account The result is that political power lies in the hands of aging leaders who have little knowledge or interest in the ambitions and concerns of younger generations -- and sadly even less interest in passing on the reins of leadership . It is why , when we set up the Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership in 2007 , we made it a condition that only those democratically elected leaders who hand over power voluntarily at the end of their constitutional term would be eligible . Even in countries where leaders do not confuse their own interests with those of their country , our young people can find themselves locked out of decision-making and debate . They react , not surprisingly , by turning their backs on the political process . Electoral turnout is falling among the young and political apathy is on the rise . Read this : Africa 's rocky road to democracy The danger is that , denied the chance of peaceful change , despair and anger is fostered . We must at least enable our young people to play a more active part in the decision-making process . If we do not , we will see even more leaders overthrown . The risk of creating a marginalized youth only seems to increase when you look at the job market . Our young people are better educated but enjoy less employment opportunities than their parents . We ca n't just rely on their numbers to drive Africa 's continued economic progress . We need renewed efforts to provide them with the skills they need to fill the jobs of the future . We urgently need to foster national debates involving businesses , education specialists and young people themselves to build the skilled workforce Africa requires to compete globally . It 's time Africa started listening to our young people , instead of always telling them what to do . It is their potential , after all , which will decide our continent 's future . Let 's not waste it .	Africa has a young population , and aging leaders , says Mo Ibrahim He says African leaders are often reluctant to relinquish power Growing youth population can be a huge opportunity for Africa But Africa must start listening to young people , says Ibrahim
What is widely recognized as the most authoritative study of the United States ' responses to mass killings around the world -- from the massacres of Armenians by the Turks a century ago , to the Holocaust , to the more recent Serbian atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and the ethnic cleansing of the Tutsis in Rwanda -- concluded that they all shared unfortunate commonalities : "  Despite graphic media coverage , American policymakers , journalists and citizens are extremely slow to muster the imagination needed to reckon with evil . Ahead of the killings , they assume rational actors will not inflict seemingly gratuitous violence . They trust in good-faith negotiations and traditional diplomacy . Once the killings start , they assume that civilians who keep their head down will be left alone . They urge cease-fires and donate humanitarian aid . " This is an almost perfect description of how the United States has acted over the past two years as it has tried to come up with some kind of policy to end the Assad regime 's brutal war on its own people in Syria . The author who wrote the scathingly critical history of how the United States has generally dithered in the face of genocide and mass killings went on to win a 2003 Pulitzer Prize for her book "  A Problem from Hell : America and the Age of Genocide . " A decade after winning the Pulitzer , that author is now the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . Her name , of course , is Samantha Power , and she is a longtime , close aide to President Barack Obama . She started working for Obama when he was a largely unknown junior senator from Illinois . Power called her 610-page study of genocide "  A Problem from Hell " because that 's how then-U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher referred to the Bosnian civil war and the unpalatable options available to the U.S. in the early 1990s to halt the atrocities by the Serbs . One of the U.S. officials that Power took to task in her book is Susan Rice who , as the senior State Department official responsible for Africa , did nothing in the face of the genocide unfolding in Rwanda in 1994 . Rice is quoted in the book as suggesting during an interagency conference call that the public use of the word "  genocide " to describe what was then going on in Rwanda while doing nothing to prevent it would be unwise and might negatively affect the Democratic Party in upcoming congressional elections . Rice later told Power she could not recall making this statement but also conceded that if she had made it , the statement was "  completely inappropriate , as well as irrelevant . " Rice is now Obama 's national security adviser . In 2012 , at Power 's urging , Obama announced the creation of an interagency task force to help stamp out atrocities around the world . Called the Atrocities Prevention Board , it was led by Power during its first year . Meanwhile , the body count in Syria kept spiraling upward . For the past two years , Obama has n't wanted to intervene militarily in Syria . Who would ? The country is de facto breaking up into jihadist-run "  emirates " and Alawite rump states . It is also the scene of a proxy war that pits al Qaeda affiliates backed by Qatar and Saudi Arabia against Hezbollah , backed by Iran . Whoever ultimately prevails in this fight is hardly going to be an ally of the U.S. It 's an ungodly mess that makes even Iraq in 2006 look good . It is , in short , a problem from hell . Power , Rice and Obama today face some of the very same unpalatable choices that have confronted other U.S. national security officials as they tried to prevent mass killings in other distant , war-torn countries . They can continue to do little as the Syrian civil war drags on into its third year with 100,000 dead and rising . It 's a state of affairs now compounded by the fact that the regime of President Bashar al-Assad appears not only to have crossed the "  red line " with its use of chemical weapons but seems to have now sprinted past that line , killing hundreds with neurotoxins in a Damascus suburb , according to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . He 's blasted those attacks as something that "  should shock the conscience of the world . It defies any code of morality . " Opinion : How Al-Assad used chemical weapons to poison debate on Syria Doing nothing will not be treated kindly by future historians writing in the same vein as Power . The issue now in Syria is not simply that al-Assad is massacring his own civilians at an industrial rate , but he is also flagrantly flouting a well-established international norm by this regime 's reported large-scale use of neurotoxins as weapons against civilians . It seems inconceivable that the United States as the guarantor of international order would not respond to this in some manner . But on what authority ? There is scant chance of a U.N. resolution authorizing military action . When she was U.N. ambassador , Rice skillfully ushered a resolution through the Security Council that authorized military action in Libya in 2011 . But Russia and China will almost certainly veto any similar kind of resolution on Syria . Russia is one of Syria 's few allies , and Russia and China are generally staunchly against any kind of international intervention in the affairs of other countries , no matter how egregious the behavior of those states might be . That leaves the possibility of some kind of unilateral action by the United States . The U.S. regularly infringes the sovereignty of countries such as Pakistan and Yemen with CIA drone strikes on the novel legal theory that terrorists planning strikes on the U.S. are living in those nations and those countries are either unable or unwilling to take out the terrorists on their territory -- and therefore their sovereignty can be infringed by drone attacks . But making a claim that the Syrian regime threatens the U.S. is implausible , and therefore some kind of unilateral American action seems quite unlikely . In 1986 , the Reagan administration launched air strikes at the homes of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , but only after an incident in which Libyan agents had bombed a disco in Berlin , killing two American servicemen . No such casus belli exists with Syria today . Since neither a U.N. authorized military mission nor a unilateral American strike seem likely , what options are left ? One appealing option could be something along the lines of the Kosovo model . The Kosovo War in 1999 was entirely an air war in which no American soldiers were killed . The goal of the air campaign was to push Serbian forces out of Kosovo . Russia was allied with the Serbs so , as in the Syrian case today , there was no chance a U.N. resolution authorizing force would pass . At the time NATO justified the Kosovo War "  to avert a humanitarian catastrophe . " On Thursday , the British government released a similar statement saying that the grounds for military action against Syria "  would be humanitarian intervention ; the aim is to relieve humanitarian suffering by deterring or disrupting the further use of chemical weapons . " But on Thursday night the British parliament voted against authorizing military action -- a real setback for the Obama administration 's plan to assemble something of a coalition to participate in any forthcoming operation in Syria . In the case of Kosovo , the war was conducted by NATO forces . Kosovo is , of course , in Europe , and NATO is a Europe-focused security alliance while Syria is the Middle East , so NATO action there would be much more problematic . A NATO force does fight in Afghanistan today , but that is only because one of its member states , the United States , was attacked on 9/11 from Afghanistan by al Qaeda , which triggered NATO 's Article 5 , the right to collective self-defense of the members of the alliance . If an air war were to be launched against Syria , one scenario could be that Turkey , a member of NATO , could invoke Article 5 because Syria has fired into its territory on a regular basis . So far , Turkey has proved reluctant to invoke Article 5 but the reported large-scale use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime might change the calculus of the Turks . A further source of legitimacy for military action could be the strong statement Tuesday by the Arab League that the Assad regime is responsible for the "  heinous crime " of using chemical weapons . The Arab League is generally a toothless talking shop , which seemed to have surprised even itself two years back when it endorsed military action against Gadhafi . However , the Arab League has not endorsed any military action against Assad , although some of its members have privately urged the U.S. to take action against his regime in the past . It is hard to believe that some kind of military action against Syria wo n't now take place , likely in the form of U.S. cruise missile attacks from ships in the Mediterranean . Such attacks have the merit that they wo n't put U.S. aircraft at risk , which could well encounter problems with Syria 's reputedly formidable air defense systems . And the operation will likely have participation by France and a tacit green light from leading members of the Arab League such as Saudi Arabia , giving it a semblance of international legitimacy .	Samantha Power 's Pulitzer-Prize winning study found U.S. very slow to fight evil regimes Peter Bergen : Her work is a perfect description of U.S. dithering on the Syria crisis U.S. is likely to strike Syria but lacks a strong basis in international law , he says Bergen : U.N. wo n't support a strike , but NATO and Arab League could back it
New York  CNN  -- It is fear that drives Dale Henderson down into the subways , lugging his large case . "  I caught some fear from some other musicians that classical music is dying and in 100 years there will be no more classical music . I ca n't believe that 's true . I mean , it scares me to my soul if it were true . " So he sits with his cello on a New York subway platform and plays Bach as a sort of CPR to keep his style of music alive . Henderson has played cello since the age of 5 , making his professional debut at age 13 with the Buffalo Philharmonic and earning a degree from the New England Conservatory of Music . When he first moved to New York in 2008 , he played for tip money that he needed to survive . He now supports himself by teaching cello and playing at recitals and solo performances . Henderson stopped accepting tips in 2009 and began focusing on Bach Solo Cello Suites . His website says he chose them because their "  power and beauty unfailingly inspire great appreciation , joy and deep emotion in those who hear them . " "  From the first time I ever started Bach in the Subways , I had a sense of conviction of the value of what I 'm doing , " he said . "  I think that Bach in the Subways is providing something meaningful to the people who hear it . " Some commuters immerse themselves in the harmonic sounds as they pull out their cameras to record the experience , and others just stare , as if they are captivated by the ambience . Postcards propped on his silver music stand read , "  I do not take donations . " "  I do n't collect donations while I play , because on the most simple level , it pollutes the experience for myself and everyone listening , " he said . "  I think the most obvious answer to the question why am I doing this without collecting money on my own time is that I love it , " he said . "  The interest is growing , so I think it 's working . " Some listeners take a postcard from the music stand to learn more about Henderson and his music . "  The most memorable , satisfying moments happen when there 's a group of people listening to me and connecting with the music , and it creates this other space -- this other realm that we can all come together in . And that 's an incredible thing ... that 's the magic of music . "	Dale Henderson gives cello concerts in New York subway stations "  Bach in the Subways is providing something meaningful " to people who hear it , he says He does n't ask for donations , gives out postcards about music Henderson says he feels "  the magic of music " when a group gathers to listen
CNN  -- A 23-year-old exchange student , attacked in her Toronto apartment while a friend in China watched via computer webcam , was found dead there hours later , police say . Toronto Police on Monday identified the student as Qian  Necole  Liu of Beijing . She was talking early Friday morning to a male friend from home when a man allegedly knocked on her door , asking to use her phone , police said in a news release . The online witness said he saw Liu and the unknown man struggle for a time before the attacker turned off her laptop , the news release said . The friend in China then started a desperate bid to find out what happened , CNN-affiliate CTV reported . Ten hours later , police arrived at the basement apartment to find Liu 's body , naked from the waist down . Her laptop was missing . "  It was obvious that she had been dead for some period of time , " Detective Sgt. Frank Skubic said in the news release . The cause of the death is yet to be determined , the news release said . There were no obvious signs of sexual assault or severe physical trauma , and police are awaiting toxicology reports , it said . Police are unsure whether Liu , an exchange student at York University , knew the man . The attacker was described as white , age 20 to 30 , 6 feet tall , weighing 175 to 200 pounds , with a muscular build and medium-length brown hair , and wearing a blue crew-neck T-shirt . With no suspects and no one in custody , police have been questioning neighbors , CTV reported . A cell phone found in the apartment is also undergoing forensic examination , police said . York University President Mamdouh Shoukri released a statement saying , "  Qian 's death is a terrible tragedy and our entire community mourns the loss of a promising young student . " Liu 's family is currently on their way to Canada from China , CTV reported . A call to police seeking further comment was not immediately returned . This is not the first time a crime has been captured by webcam . In the most notorious incident , Meleanie Hain of Lebanon , Pennsylvania was shot dead in 2009 while talking to a friend via webcam . The friend was looking away when he heard a shot and a scream , police said . Upon looking back at the screen , the friend saw Hain 's husband firing a handgun at where his wife had been , they said . Police later found both Hain and her husband dead in their home .	A friend in China sees the woman attacked in her Toronto apartment They had been chatting via webcam , police say The 23-year-old woman is later found dead in the apartment
It might be hard to believe that two of the handsome boxers in the photos above were once shelter or rescue dogs with severe cases of mange and little hope of finding their forever homes . But Myles , left , and Merlin beat the odds , which is remarkable considering that according to the Humane Society of the United States , 6 million to 8 million pets enter shelters each year , and half of those animals are euthanized . Here are their stories . Merlin 's path to his family began when Frank and Katie Rannou toyed with the idea of adding a third dog to their family . But plans took a back seat when Grace , their 8-year-old boxer , developed cancer and began a slow decline . Coping with the loss of a pet proved difficult for the couple . Their boxer Josie had an even tougher time adjusting to life without her constant companion . Once again , they considered adoption and contacted Atlanta Boxer Rescue about a dog named Merlin that had been featured on the group 's website for more than a year . "  We were kind of called to Merlin , " says Katie Rannou of Smyrna , Georgia . "  He was 22 months old and Josie was about 7 . That 's quite an age gap , so we were anxious to see how that would work . " A rough startThe age gap paled in comparison to other challenges Merlin already had overcome . He was deaf , and when Merlin arrived at an Atlanta animal shelter , the large white puppy was malnourished and struggled with severe mange , a treatable skin condition that causes hair loss and itchy sores . Animal control called Atlanta Boxer Rescue after another rescue group gave up on the dog . Leg fractures led to $ 3,000 in veterinary bills that the nonprofit covered through donations and fund-raisers . MNN : How to help pets without taking in another animal "  There was so much stuff going on , and he was such a young dog when we got him , " says Dianne DaLee , president of Atlanta Boxer Rescue . "  We did n't know his bones were that bad . We just looked at the mange and said , ` It 's treatable ; this is a young dog that will grow up to live a happy life . ' " The home visitMerlin 's foster family had taught him about a dozen hand signals for basic commands , and the Rannous were ready to give Merlin his happy ending -- as long as timid Josie could handle an energetic , 75-pound male companion . His next big hurdle would be a home visit . On February 11 , Merlin joined his forever family . "  The best way to honor Grace 's legacy was to give another dog a wonderful home and lots of love , " Rannou notes on her blog . "  There are a bunch of hidden treasures in rescues and I wish more would look at this as an option , " she said recently . MNN : How to help a charity without writing a big check Settling in with the familyBoxers tend to be large , athletic dogs that require plenty of mental and physical stimulation to keep them out of mischief , so the Rannous take their dogs on daily 6-mile walks . Merlin 's muscular build , square head and fine , white coat with dappled spots attract plenty of attention . People walk a wide path or approach to ask questions about the striking boxer . Regarded as loyal and protective , this popular breed also is known to interact well with children . Later this year , Merlin and Josie will help celebrate another human addition to their pack when the Rannous welcome their first child . "  While he would never take the place of Grace , it really helped heal our hearts a little bit , " Rannou says . "  And he brought out such a playful side in Josie . " Myles finds a homeNichole Hess also chose to honor the life of her boxer , Bailey , by fostering another dog . She was all set to care for a female puppy when Atlanta Boxer Rescue posted photos of a male named Myles . At only 4 months old , his body was covered with sores caused by severe mange and Myles required daily medicated baths . "  It just broke my heart , " Hess says . "  He was so sickly and so bad off and I knew he was going to need a lot of care . At that time , I could n't say no . I reached out and said , ` Somebody else take this female who is healthy and will probably get adopted pretty quickly . ' " MNN : 7 incredibly loyal dogs Meeting her new chargeOn the day after Thanksgiving , Hess met Myles and worked on his recovery . Doubts began to creep in when she gave Myles his first medicated bath , treating wounds that spread from his muzzle to his paws . But Hess pushed those thoughts aside and focused on caring for the pup , administering pills and hand-feeding Myles until he gained strength . "  I honestly did n't know if he was gong to make it or not , " she says . "  He was on pain meds and did n't come out of his crate for the first week . " Healing brings a new challengeAfter two months of treatment and a little coaching from George , Hess ' French bulldog , Myles finally was on the mend . Healing brought a new challenge . Atlanta Boxer Rescue had spread the word about Myles and adoption requests began to pour in for the boxer . Hess also had shared his story , driving people to the Atlanta Boxer Rescue site to raise money and awareness for rescued boxers . "  It was a double-edged sword , " she says . "  I was happy that people were interested , but I had gotten attached and knew it would be hard to let him go . " MNN : Why do pet rescuers ask such nosy questions ? Foster mom gets second chanceRescue groups help relieve overcrowding in animal shelters by giving pets a better chance at finding forever homes through adoption fairs , foster care and aggressive social media campaigns . Once prospective families are identified , reputable rescue organizations rely on a detailed application process to pair pets and people . Many find a love connection . Occasionally , things do n't work out and the pet returns to a rescue organization . Myles fell into the latter category . Fortunately , Hess had fallen for the rambunctious pup and wanted to keep him . In addition to the occasional foster dog , her pack now includes George , Myles and a young boxer named Finn who was turned in to animal control shortly after having a litter of puppies . To keep her pack occupied , Hess relies on frequent walks , obedience classes and interactive puzzle toys . "  I 've worked hard to get them on the same page , " she says . "  We do a lot of team-building exercises . " Help pets find a forever homeIf your team is ready to foster a pet , Hess recommends researching local rescues and talking to other foster families about the experience . Of course , there 's always the chance that your foster will turn into a permanent resident . That 's not such a bad thing , according to Hess and Rannou . "  You can get a phenomenal dog from a rescue , " Rannou says . "  We have had three phenomenal experiences . Dogs from rescues show their gratitude every day . Something in them knows you kind of saved them and they pay that back lovingly . "	Two boxers , Myles and Merlin , beat the odds as rescue dogs Mange , broken bones and deafness could have made these dogs un-adoptable Rescue dogs can have psychological challenges as well as physical
CNN  -- Christina Hendricks ' decision to star in "  Mad Men " was a risk that paid off . When the 39-year-old actress first spotted the script for Matthew Weiner 's '60s - era drama , her interest was piqued . But while she was all in to play Joan Holloway , the sharp and curvacious secretary who would rise to become an integral member of "  Mad Men 's " world , Hendricks ' agency was n't so sure . "  They said , ` It 's a period piece , it 's never going to go anywhere , " the actress told U.K. paper The Guardian . " ` We need you to make money and this is n't going to make money . ' " The agency , she continued , "  ended up dropping me . " But to Hendricks , the promise of "  Mad Men " outweighed the potential for failure . "  I had been on several shows that were meant to be the big ones , that would go on for ever , and they did n't , " she pointed out . "  So there was no sure bet and I 'd already taken a chance on them and I felt , why not do the one you 're in love with and take a chance on that ? " Taking that chance has led to a breakthrough role for the actress , who until "  Mad Men " had done a few appearances on TV series "  ER , " "  Beggars and Choosers " and "  Angel . " But after stepping into Joan 's shoes , and earning five Emmy nominations along the way , Hendricks ' popularity has soared . The treatment she receives now from the public is a far cry from what she suffered in high school , where Hendricks said she was bullied . "  We had a locker bay , and every time I went down there to get books out of my locker people would sit on top and spit at me , " Hendricks told The Guardian . "  So I had to have my locker moved because I could n't go in there ... I felt scared in high school . It was like ` Lord of the Flies . ' There was always some kid getting pummeled and people cheering . " At this point , she could attend her high school reunion just to have the last laugh , but Hendricks said that she has n't held on to any bitterness about those days . "  You know , I had so much anger about that time , that experience , for so long and I do n't know what dissipated it , but now it 's gone , " Hendricks said . "  I feel some sadness about it , about how cruel kids can be to each other , but that 's it . ... I have n't gone to any reunions . I 'm sure , if I did , they would have no idea I went there . No idea . "	Christina Hendricks was dropped by her agency over "  Mad Men " But the risk paid off , as the series has earned her five Emmy nods She was also bullied in high school
CNN  -- "  I was suicidal in college , " a Harry Potter-looking hipster recently told me . The young man 's words stunned me . It was n't his age or gender or style that took me by surprise . It was because he 's black . Even though suicide is the third leading cause of death for black males ages 10 to 24 , I had no immediate image , no ready reference for a young black man hurting so badly he wanted to die or for a black man so sick he was driven to kill . The recent mass shooting by Aaron Alexis at the Washington Navy Yard was horrific and tragic . It made me think about the interior lives of black men -- about how little anyone knows how black men feel when they 're in agony or depression . Black man in pain is a story rarely told . Hip-hop is considered a safe and powerful space to tell black men 's stories . Yet Eminem is the rapper best known for narratives about suicide , addiction and emotional pain . It 's easy to imagine someone who looks like Eminem , Kurt Cobain or Alexander McQueen as suffering from depression . But Lee Thompson Young ? Not so much . There 's no quintessential cult movie -- a "  Black Boy , Interrupted " so to speak -- where we see a black man who struggles with depression or distress . There are even fewer examples of black men seeking help . "  The Bob Newhart Show , " "  M * A * S * H , " "  Frasier , " "  In Treatment " and "  The Sopranos " are all shows involving men in or providing therapy . They are all white . It 's hard to believe what you 've never seen . The conventional narratives about black men tend to be narrow and depthless . They are often presented in two distinct and superficial ways -- as the criminal or as the incredible . Sometimes you 'll see them behind bars or in the courtroom . Other times you 'll see them in the limelight . Just turn on the TV and the black men you see are actual or fictional lawbreakers . Or they are superstars . Aside from these two stereotypical identities , we know nearly nothing about the inner lives of black men . Are they complex ? Are they unknowable , untouchable , undesirable or unworthy of help in our collective societal imagination ? It is clear that Aaron Alexis was very sick . He had a "  pattern of misconduct " while he was at the Navy . His symptoms were n't a secret . He even went to a Veterans Affairs hospital seeking help for sleep-related issues . There 's been a lot of discussion about him slipping through the cracks and receiving security clearance , being able to enter the Naval Sea Systems Command building easily . But what concerns me is the fact that even though his behaviors raised eyebrows , he was n't checked for mental illness . Alexis massacred 12 people like a mad man . The surveillance video showing him armed with a shotgun prowling the building is chilling . The question is : Can we as a society become more sensitive to black men who need help ? We can start with the book "  Black Pain : It Just Looks Like We 're Not Hurting " by Terrie Williams , which provides an intimate and honest exploration of the interior lives of black men . We can also encourage the media to look more closely at black men and their emotional complexities . We have to be familiar with one another 's pain . Knowledge can reduce ignorance and enlighten us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michaela Angela Davis .	Suicide reportedly is the third leading cause of death for black males ages 10 to 24 Michaela Angela Davis : A black man in pain is a story rarely told so it 's hard to believe otherwise She says Navy yard gunman had issues and should have been checked for mental illness Davis asks : Can we as a society become more sensitive to black men who need help ?
Ars Technica  -- Amazon has sold loads of cheap Kindles ever since it decided to introduce a WiFi-only model and drop the price to just $ 139 . Now , the company is taking its low-priced-Kindle initiative a step further by introducing on-screen ads to its lowest-price model , allowing the company to drop the price by another $ 25 . The ad-supported Kindles will begin shipping on May 3 . Kindle director Jay Marine revealed the company 's plans in an interview with the Associated Press on Monday afternoon . "  It was very important that we did n't interfere with the reading experience , " Marine told the publication , noting that ads would display across the bottom of the screen and on the Kindle 's screen saver , but not while the user was reading a Kindle book . "  We think customers are going to love it . " Loving the new Kindle with Special Offers -- yes , that 's the actual product name -- might be somewhat of a stretch for many users . If the ads stay out of Kindle books and remain limited to the navigation screen and screen saver , they will at least be unobtrusive , and users might be OK with that . Ars Technica : DNA unlikely to explode in presence of cellphone radiation However , the device will still cost $ 114 ; the $ 25 savings may not be enough to convince some cheapskates .  Call us when the ad-supported Kindle costs $ 50 , and we may be more impressed . So , loving it might be hard , but liking it is a remote possibility . On the upside , Amazon does n't look like it 's replacing the previous ad-free version of the WiFi-only Kindle . According to a new ad on the front page of its website , Amazon offers three options : the Special Offers Kindle for $ 114 , WiFi-only Kindle for $ 139 , and the 3G Kindle for $ 189 . Ars Technica : Adobe connects tablets to Photoshop The company also said it 's introducing an app called AdMash that will allow customers to help choose future  ad-related  screensavers , and that users will be able to specify their screen saver preferences so they only see the images they like the most . These elements combined make the Kindle with Special Offers a little easier to swallow , but we 're glad the option is still there to fork over an extra $ 25 for an advertising-free e-book reader . More on gadgets from Ars Technica COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Amazon introducing on-screen ads to its lowest-price model Ad-supported Kindles will begin shipping on May 3 Director : "  It was very important that we did n't interfere with the reading experience "
CNN  -- Authorities detained a man who tried to open the door of a commercial jet midair on Thursday , officials said . US Airways Flight 3801 made an unscheduled landing at Boston 's Logan Airport , where Massachusetts State Police boarded the plane and took the unruly passenger into custody , State Trooper Thomas Murphy said . The flight , operated by Air Wisconsin , was flying from Portland , Maine , to Philadelphia when the incident occurred . There were 50 passengers and three crew members onboard , the airline said . The passenger "  seemed to be disoriented " when he tried to open a cabin door on the CRJ-200 aircraft , Air Wisconsin spokeswoman Annette Daly said in a statement . Daly said a flight attendant subdued the passenger , but Phil Orlandella , a spokesman for Massport , said other passengers restrained him . Opening the doors of most commercial jets while in flight is nearly impossible due to the air pressure and design of the doors . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	Police board the plane in Boston and take the unruly passenger into custody The commercial jet was flying to Philadelphia when the incident occurred Airline spokeswoman : The passenger seemed "  disoriented " Passengers restrained him , according to an airport authority spokesman
CNN  -- George S. Patton did not like Willie and Joe . Bill Mauldin , on top of a jeep  his favored mode of transportation  , was a hero to soldiers for his cartoons . The famed general was a spit-and-polish man , and "  Willie & Joe " -- Bill Mauldin 's popular cartoon dogfaces , who appeared every day in the military newspaper Stars and Stripes -- were anything but : unshaven , rumpled , their boots caked with mud , eyes weary from days on the line . The general made it known that he was not amused , and eventually Mauldin -- a 23-year-old sergeant who 'd entered the Army to escape an aimless life in the rugged Southwest -- was summoned to Patton 's impressive headquarters , a requisitioned palace in Luxembourg . "  Now then , Sergeant , " Patton said to Mauldin , as recalled in a new biography , Todd DePastino 's "  Bill Mauldin : A Life Up Front "  W.W. Norton  . "  About those pictures you draw of those god-awful things you call soldiers . ... No respect for the Army , their officers , or themselves . ... What are you trying to do , incite a goddamn mutiny ? " See some of Mauldin 's award-winning work " That was the last thing on Mauldin 's mind . He was trying to tell the truth . The cartoonist , who died at age 81 in 2003 , had a storied career that included two Pulitzers -- including one for "  Willie & Joe " -- several best-selling books and renown from veterans . But he never let his abiding concern for the regular guy stray far from his thoughts . "  If I see a stuffed shirt , I want to punch it . If it 's big , hit it . You ca n't go far wrong , " he once said . DePastino , a history professor at Waynesburg College in Pennsylvania , found Mauldin 's work a revelation . Like many of the postwar generation , all he knew of Mauldin were the occasional references in Charles Schulz 's "  Peanuts , " in which Snoopy would talk about quaffing root beers at Mauldin 's house . "  I got ` Up Front ' -LSB- Mauldin 's first book -RSB- , read it , and was stunned by the genius of the artwork , " he recalls in an interview . "  It was like a hidden transcription of the war . ... I wanted to know what was behind the cartoons , and why they were allowed to be published . " Indeed , "  Willie & Joe " was unlike anything that had appeared in America during World War II . In the early years of the war , the U.S. government had focused on the upbeat , but as the optimism of U.S. entry gave way to the two-steps-forward , one-step-back grind of daily battle -- coupled with stark sacrifices at home -- the strategy fell apart . Mauldin 's characters were bluntly honest : War was dirty , absurd , bitter hard work . "  Willie & Joe " quickly caught on with both enlisted men and -- upon syndication in the States -- the general public . "  I think the home front was hungry for the truth , " says DePastino . Mauldin 's cartoons provided "  a needed dose of realism , " he says . " -LSB- The message was -RSB- the enemy is lethal and people overseas are sacrificing more than you are . " But Mauldin had some officers on his side , up to and including the Supreme Allied Commander himself , Dwight D. Eisenhower . When Mauldin returned to the States , he was a hero . His first book , "  Up Front " -- a memoir with cartoons -- became a tremendous best-seller , as did the follow-up , "  Back Home . " For a time he lived in suburban Rockland County , New York , among other successful artists and writers . But life among the creative swells gnawed at him , and in the late '50s he became an editorial cartoonist , first for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , later for the Chicago Sun-Times . He took on racism , Cold War politics , Vietnam and Chicago Mayor Richard Daley . He also went through the classic changes of his generation . He struggled with alcoholism . He was twice divorced , grappled with the counterculture , watched the World War II generation become forgotten and then deified . Through it all , he maintained a healthy skepticism for the establishment , whether it be martinet officers , self-important politicians or the suits in the corner office . DePastino remains surprised that his is the first biography of Mauldin , which perhaps speaks to the low regard our culture -- even pop culture -- has for cartoonists . "  If Mauldin had been a writer , there would have been a biography -LSB- by now -RSB- , " he says . But the soldiers themselves -- men such as Schulz , a World War II vet who did n't meet Mauldin until years after first mentioning him in "  Peanuts " -- knew Mauldin 's value . When he talks about the book , DePastino says , he gets his most emotional responses from veterans and their families . "  His art was about a group of men who are suffering unspeakable horrors in the trenches . His audience was those very men , " he says . "  It 's odd -- he was kind of mirroring their lives back to them . ... He was doing this for those guys . How many artists do that ? "	Bill Mauldin created award-winning "  Willie & Joe , " about Army grunts , in WWII Mauldin was young soldier like those he drew during war ; they related Mauldin had long career , yet many only know him through "  Peanuts " mentions
Authorities on Tuesday released the identities of five slain people whose bodies were found at two addresses in rural Franklin County , and stressed that none of them was responsible for the killings . Wanda Lee , the Franklin County coroner , said the victims were Roy D. Napier , 50 ; Angela Napier , 47 ; Melissa Napier 23 ; Jacob Napier 18 ; and Henry Smith 43 . All five were residents of Laurel , Indiana , Lee said . The Napiers all had been shot in the head , Lee said , and Angela Napier also had suffered blunt-force trauma to the head . Henry Smith had been shot in the chest and also suffered blunt-force trauma to the head , the coroner said . However , Lee cautioned , the official causes of death will not be determined until all autopsies are complete . State police have officially launched a murder investigation into the case , and called on members of the public to be watchful and vigilant for their own safety . "  We are looking at all motives for this crime , " said Franklin County Sheriff Ken Murphy . "  We do not have a motive for this crime yet . " Sgt. Jerry Goodin of the Indiana state police added that although no suspects are yet known , "  It does n't matter where they are at -- I can tell you this , anywhere in the United States or anywhere in the world , we 're gon na be going after them , whoever it is that 's responsible for these killings , so it does n't matter to us where they 're at . " Authorities first got a call Sunday afternoon from people concerned about a small child wandering near the street along Stipps Hill Road near Laurel , in eastern Indiana about halfway between Indianapolis and Cincinnati . Not seeing any adults around , some citizens stayed with the child until police arrived . After "  gaining more information " by talking with the child and neighbors , a Franklin County sheriff 's deputy requested help . That led to the discovery of a dead man at one address and four other fatalities -- two males and two females -- at an address across the street , said Goodin of the state police . He said Monday night that "  the child is safe , " declining to elaborate .	NEW : Investigator vows to pursue killer or killers "  anywhere " in the U.S. or world All five had been shot , and two suffered blunt-force trauma No motive for the killings has been established , police say
Paris  CNN  -- Christian Dior has started proceedings to fire designer John Galliano after he was filmed making anti-Semitic comments in a Paris restaurant , the fashion giant said Tuesday . The company condemned his "  deeply offensive statements and conduct " in a statement announcing the plan to fire him . The statement came hours after Oscar-winning actress Natalie Portman condemned Galliano 's praise of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler . "  I love Hitler , " Galliano said in a video obtained by Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  Your mother , your forefathers would be f -- ing gassed and f -- ing dead . " The comments were reportedly made at a Paris cafe last year . Galliano 's lawyer , Stephane Zerbib , said Tuesday that Galliano formally denies that he is anti-Semitic . Zerbib declined to comment further . "  I am deeply shocked and disgusted by the video of John Galliano 's comments that surfaced today , " said Portman , who appears in ads for Miss Dior Cherie perfume . "  In light of this video , and as an individual who is proud to be Jewish , I will not be associated with Mr. Galliano in any way . "  I hope at the very least , these terrible comments remind us to reflect and act upon combating these still-existing prejudices that are the opposite of all that is beautiful , " she said . Before the video surfaced on Monday , Christian Dior already had suspended Galliano for allegedly making anti-Semitic remarks in another incident . The fashion house said Friday that Galliano was suspended from his duties pending the outcome of an investigation into remarks the designer allegedly made last week . Galliano was arrested Thursday night following an argument in a bar in Paris ' Marais district , a prosecutor said . Police arrested him on charges of assault and making anti-Semitic comments after a couple pressed charges . The designer was taken to a police station , and a test revealed he had a high level of alcohol in his blood , the prosecutor said . Galliano has been released but may be summoned in the coming weeks . Zerbib said his client has denied the accusations . Announcing Galliano 's suspension , Dior President Sidney Toledano said , "  The House of Dior declares with the greatest firmness its policy of zero-tolerance regarding any anti-Semitic or racist statement or attitude . " CNN 's Kendra Petersen , Saskya Vandoorne and Jack Hannah contributed to this report	NEW : Galliano 's lawyer says his client denies he is anti-Semitic The fashion giant calls his comments "  deeply offensive " Christian Dior designer John Galliano expresses love for Hitler in a video He was suspended last week for allegedly making anti-Semitic remarks at a Paris bar
New York  CNN  -- Oft-troubled actress Lindsay Lohan has had another brush with the law , charged by police with leaving the scene of an accident in New York early Wednesday . Lohan was driving her Porsche Cayenne into the parking lot of the Dream Hotel off West 16th Street when she allegedly hit an employee of the restaurant next door , said Sgt. John Buthorn , a New York Police Department spokesman . The entertainer kept driving before parking her car and apparently leaving the scene shortly after midnight , Buthorn said . Police arrested her about 2:30 a.m. , and she was later released on her own recognizance . Celebrities behaving badly : Celebrity mugshots The restaurant employee was hospitalized with a knee injury , Buthorn said . A representative for Lohan sent CNN a statement , which read : "  While some of the facts are still being gathered , it appears that this is much ado about nothing . We are confident this matter will be cleared up in the coming weeks and the claims being made against Lindsay will be proven untrue . " The former child star is trying to make a career comeback after six years of legal troubles . Earlier this year , Lohan completed five years of felony probation mandated after two drunken driving incidents in 2007 . Since January of that year , she has spent 250 days in five rehab facilities dealing with drug and alcohol addiction . Buthorn said police do not suspect drugs or alcohol played a role in the latest incident . In addition , Lohan spent six short stints totaling less than two weeks in the Los Angeles County jail as well as 35 days of home confinement . Last month , Los Angeles County prosecutors released a report saying that Lohan , who is still on probation for a 2011 shoplifting incident , was a suspect in a burglary at a Hollywood home . However , prosecutors determined they did not have enough evidence to charge her . LiLo : Why has n't a certain Nickelodeon star gone to jail ? CNN 's Leigh Remizowski and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : A Lohan representative says incident appears to be "  much ado about nothing " Actress is charged with fleeing the scene of an accident Police say she struck a restaurant worker with her car while driving into a parking lot Employee hospitalized with a knee injury ; Lohan was released on her own recognizance
WIRED  -- It 's one of the biggest data breaches in history . Now that Sony has come clean -- sort of -- on a computer intrusion this month that exposed personal information on 77 million PlayStation Network users , one obvious question remains : Who pulled off the hack ? In the old days , the answer would be simple : some kid did it . But today 's underground is more complicated -- a slew of competing players with different agendas and techniques . Here 's a quick rundown on the likely suspects . Anonymous While noncriminal pranks are their stock in trade , the griefers of Anonymous have been on a hacktivism spree of late , staging distributed denial-of-service attacks against the corporate enemies of WikiLeaks , then famously cracking the computer security firm HBGary Federal and exposing the shady plotting of its CEO . Coincidentally , Anonymous declared Sony as its latest protest target right around the time of the intrusion . They were unhappy with Sony 's lawsuit against PlayStation 3 rooter George Hotz , and unsatisfied by the settlement deal reached between Hotz and the company this month . But spokespeople for Anonymous have denied any role in the PlayStation Network hack , and the whole flavor of the hack just is n't Anonymous ' style : they 've pulled intrusions in the past , but computer crime is n't their mainstay , and a stealth run through the network of a corporate giant is decidedly short on lulz . Verdict : Probably innocent . WIRED.com : Sony to inspect PlayStation hacker 's hard drive China Chinese hackers have been responsible for some of the most sophisticated known intrusions in recent years -- low-and-slow attacks against defense contractors , human rights groups and Silicon Valley bigwigs like Google . The attackers typically get in by hitting a single employee with an exploit , and then carefully expand through the network until they 've found what they 're looking for -- generally trade secrets , source code , or intelligence . A list of 77 million names , dates of birth and passwords could be useful as the raw material for future attacks , but aside from that , Sony 's gaming infrastructure is not a logical target for this bunch . You also would n't expect a professional Chinese intrusion to be detected so quickly . Verdict : Innocent . Random recreational hacker This breed still exists , though now in much smaller numbers than the professionals . The PlayStation Network would be an alluring target for a bored teenager or twenty-something who spends a lot of time grinding through multiplayer shooters -- to paraphrase "  Silence of the Lambs , " you covet what you see every day . A recreational hacker might go after the user database as a trophy . Verdict : Maybe guilty . WIRED.com : Sony claims PlayStation 3 hacker sabotaged hard drive , skipped town For-profit cyberthief These guys , largely concentrated in Ukraine and Russia , know databases like the backs of their hands -- they dream in SQL -- and similar , if smaller , stolen databases are bought and sold routinely over carder forums and in private transactions . In this scenario , the credit card numbers potentially stolen in the hack are n't as important as they seem . According to Sony , the CVV2 -- the security code on the back of card -- was n't stored in the compromised database , which greatly reduces the cards ' usability to fraudsters . Credit cards without the magstripe data or CVV2 are among the least valuable commodities . But combined with the other data , the database is valuable indeed . The passwords  which Sony evidently did n't bother to hash  could be a gold mine , because people have a tendency to use the same password everywhere ; you can bet a big chunk of those 77 million PlayStation Network passwords will unlock everything from Facebook accounts to online banking . The e-mail addresses could be used in phishing attacks , with the fraudster using stolen details -- like the target 's date-of-birth -- to increase the chances of a response . Hell , even if it were just sold as a spam list , the Sony database could draw a pretty penny . Verdict : Probably guilty . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Personal information on 77 million PlayStation Network users was exposed recently Here 's the run-down of who might have done it A for-profit cyber-thief probably did the job
Bogota , Colombia -- The Colombian military on Sunday rescued Gen. Luis Mendieta and Col. Enrique Murillo , two top national police officers held by the FARC guerrillas for nearly 12 years , President Alvaro Uribe announced . Uribe interrupted a televised press conference in the town of Quibido to answer a call from Gen. Oscar Gonzalez to immediately announce that the two hostages were in the hands of Colombia 's military . "  May I allow myself to communicate to the Colombian people , from Quibdo , some great news : our joint military forces just rescued General Mendieta and Colonel Murillo , " the president said . "  They are in combat right now in the jungles of Guaviare in order to rescue them unharmed , " he said . "  Both are in the hands of our armed forces , " he said . A police spokesman said the military operation took place in eastern Colombia in Guaviare province , and that the two rescued hostages are safe . The spokesman could not say when they will be flown out of the zone . Mendieta and Murillo were both taken prisoner by the FARC in jungle town of Mitu . Mendieta was a national police colonel when captured by the FARC and was promoted by the agency during his time in captivity . He was the highest-ranking officer held by the rebels . According to Colombia 's El Espectador Newspaper , Mendieta celebrated his 53rd birthday on Sunday . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report	Colombia announces rescue of general and colonel held by FARC The two were in captivity for nearly 12 years Colombian President Uribe announces rescue after phone call from military commander
CNN  -- Two weeks since his last public appearance , presumptive Chinese leader Xi Jinping was pictured attending an event Saturday in Beijing , state media reported . The state-run Xinhua news agency , on both its English - and Chinese-language websites , published a one-line story stating that Xi had arrived Saturday morning at China Agricultural University for activities tied to the nation 's annual National Science Popularization Day . An accompanying photo showed him wearing a coat and surrounded by other men as he strolled on the grounds of the Beijing university . Absence fuels intrigue before power transition The 59-year-old vice president had not been seen in public since September 1 , when he was reported to have given a speech to the Central Party School in Beijing . Images published by major news websites after the date showed Xi smartly dressed in a dark suit and purple tie . Since then , the cancellation of a number of meetings with high-profile foreign dignitaries has created a storm of speculation as rumor and hearsay fill the void of official information . For a number of days , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei has declined to answer queries on Xi at the ministry 's daily press briefings . When Xi 's meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton was abruptly canceled September 5 , American officials said their Chinese counterparts had blamed a "  scheduling conflict . " No official reasons were given following the cancellation of other appointments , including a meeting with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong . The lack of comment has fueled unsubstantiated rumors , including wild plot lines ranging from a car crash , to an assassination attempt . Others say Xi has been sidelined by a suspected heart attack or stroke , neither of which have been denied or confirmed . Xi has been mentioned as a possible successor to Chinese President Hu Jintao . In a matter of weeks , more than 2,000 delegates are expected to meet in Beijing for the Communist Party 's 18th National Congress . During their event , China 's political elite are expected to announce the results of months of political maneuvering , and the names of the five to seven new entrants to Politburo Standing Committee . Why China needs a PR makeover	Xinhua shows Vice President Xi Jinping appearing at a Beijing university Media has not reported him being out in public since September 1 Xi is seen as a contender to become China 's next leader His public absence has fueled speculation
CNN  -- A father and son from Pennsylvania were charged this week with making threats to former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , her family and lawyer . The men , identified as Shawn Christy , 47 , and Craig Christy , 22 , were indicted by an Alaska grand jury Wednesday , according to court documents . They were arrested in Pennsylvania on Thursday , CNN affiliate WFMZ reported . The two are accused of calling Palin 's attorney more than 400 times between August 1 and August 9 , and leaving profanity-laced messages with threats of sexual assault on Palin , death threats and kidnappings , according to court documents . "  I 'm going to ransom your f -- children . By the time I 'm done you 're going to be nobody , " one of the messages allegedly said . Palin and the attorney had a restraining order against both men . In some of the messages , the men allegedly mentioned that they knew they were violating the restraining order , court documents said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	The two are arrested in Philadelphia on Thursday The two allegedly left messages about sexual assault on Palin and death threats Palin and her attorney had a restraining order against the two
Mental Floss  -- Dozens of companies use acronyms or initials in their names , but how well do you know what the abbreviated letters mean ? Let 's take a look at the etymologies behind a few abbreviated company names . 1 . CVS Sorry , drugstore fans , there are n't three fat cat pharmacists with these initials running around out there . When the pharmacy chain was founded in Lowell , Massachusetts , in 1963 , it was known as "  Consumer Value Stores . " Over time the name became abbreviated to simply CVS . 2 . K-Mart Longtime five-and-dime mogul Sebastian S. Kresge opened his first larger store in Garden City , Michigan , in 1962 . The store was named K-Mart after him .  Kresge had earned the right to have a store named for him ; he opened up his new venture at the tender age of 94 . 3 . IKEA The Swedish furniture giant and noted charity takes its name from founder Ingvar Kamprad 's initials conjoined with a the first initial of the farm where Kamprad grew up , Elmtaryd , and the parish he calls home , Agunnaryd . 4 . DHL In the late 1960s , Larry Hillblom was a broke student at the University of California , Berkeley 's law school , so to pick up a bit of extra cash , he would make courier runs from San Francisco . After he finished law school , he decided the courier business was the real racket for him , so he recruited his pals Adrian Dalsey and Robert Lynn to help him with the runs . Although they started out making their delivery trips in a single Plymouth Duster , the company quickly took off , and they named it after their respective last initials . Mental Floss : Mojave Desert 's airplane graveyard 5 . AT&T No surprises here . The telecom giant sprang to life in 1885 as American Telephone and Telegraph , although it 's now legally known as just AT&T . 6 . JBL The speaker company is named after its founder , James Bullough Lansing . But if Lansing had kept his original name , the company might have been called Martini Speakers . Lansing was born James Martini in 1902 , but when he was 25 , he changed his name to James Lansing at the suggestion of the woman who would become his wife .  The martini was already a popular cocktail at the time , and several of Lansing 's brothers had also changed their name by shortening it to Martin . 7 . 3M The conglomerate behind Post-It Notes gets its name from its roots as a company that mined stone to make grinding wheels . Since it was located in Two Harbors , Minnesota , the company was known as Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing , which was later shortened to 3M . 8 . BVD The stalwart men 's underwear maker was originally founded by a group of New Yorkers named Bradley , Voorhees , and Day to make women 's bustles . Eventually the trio branched out into knitted union suits for men , and their wares became so popular that "  BVDs " has become a generic term for any underwear . 9 . H&M The beloved clothing store began in Sweden in 1947 . Founder Erling Persson was only selling women 's duds , so he called the store Hennes -- Swedish for "  hers . " Twenty-one years later , he bought up a hunting supplier called Mauritz Widforss . After the acquisition , Persson branched out into men 's clothing and began calling the store Hennes and Mauritz , which eventually became shortened to H&M . 10 . A&W Root Beer Roy Allen opened his first root beer stand in Lodi , California , in the summer of 1919 , and quickly began expanding to the surrounding areas . Within a year he had partnered with Frank Wright , and the pair christened their flagship product "  A&W Root Beer . " 11 . GEICO The adorable gecko 's employer is more formally known as the Government Employees Insurance Company . Although GEICO has always been a private , standalone company , its name reflects its original purpose : Leo Goodwin founded the company in 1936 to sell insurance directly to employees of the federal government . Mental Floss : 15 companies that originally sold something else 12 . YKK The initials you see on darn near every zipper you own stand for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushikigaisha , which translates into "  Yoshida Manufacturing Corporation . " The company is named after Tadao Yoshida , who started the zipper concern in Tokyo in 1934 . 13 . P.F. Chang 's If you go looking for Mr. P.F. Chang , you 'll be in for a long search . The Asian dining chain 's name is actually a composite of the founding restaurateur Paul Fleming 's initials and a simplification of founding chef Philip Chiang 's last name . 14 . BJ 's Wholesale Club The bulk retailer is named after Beverly Jean Weich , whose father , Mervyn , helped found the chain as a spinoff from discount retailer Zayre in 1983 . Mental Floss : 10 snack foods originally sold as medicines 15 . ING Group The banking giant 's name is an abbreviation of Internationale Nederlanden Groep , or "  International Netherlands Group , " a nod to the company 's dutch origins and headquarters . The company 's heavy use of the color orange in its buildings and promotion is also a shoutout to the Netherlands ; orange is the color of the Dutch royal family dating all the way back to William of Orange . 16 . H&R Block Brothers Henry and Richard Bloch founding the tax preparation firm in Kansas City in 1955 . Their only problem was their last name . The brothers worried that people would mispronounce their surname as "  blotch , " hardly a term you want associated with your tax return . They decided to sidestep this problem by spelling the company 's name "  Block " instead , so that nobody would miss the solid hard "  k " sound .	Ever wonder about the stories behind names like CVS or H&M or IKEA ? Pharmacy chain CVS started out as "  Consumer Value Stores " IKEA takes first 2 letters from founder 's name , second 2 letters from locations H&M comes from first letters of women 's store and hunting supplier
CNN  -- The movie "  Big " is celebrating its 25th anniversary , but the 1988 blockbuster almost did n't become the movie beloved by audiences today . For starters , Tom Hanks originally turned down the lead , writers were seriously considering the title "  When I Grow Up , " and producers had trouble attaching a director to the picture . "  Tom Hanks was my first choice but he said ` no , ' " director Penny Marshall told CNN , "  and so did everyone else because there were other movies with the same premise . So I decided to go with someone who 's a behavioral actor -- Bob DeNiro . " The tale of a boy whose diminutive stature prevents him from enjoying what he perceives to be the spoils of maturity makes a wish to be "  big " at a carnival , only to wake up the next day as a 30-year-old man . It 's hard to imagine Robert DeNiro in the man-child role of Josh Baskin , but DeNiro was , in fact , attached to the role prior to backing out in negotiations . DeNiro 's interest in the film validated the project for Marshall . It was only her second directorial effort , and she soon found A-listers vying for the part of Josh . Marshall knew Hanks from their days as sitcom stars on the Paramount lot . The former "  Laverne and Shirley " actress thought the former "  Bosom Buddies " star 's "  sweet , innocent face " would be a good fit . But there was big trouble for Marshall , whose career as a director was at stake . Not only were three other body-switching movies currently in production  "  Vice Versa , " "  Like Father , Like Son , " and "  18 Again "  , but "  Big " was the last one out of the gate that year because the crew had to wait for Hanks to become available . Despite those odds , "  Big " garnered Hanks his first Best Actor Oscar nomination and the movie earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay . It was one of 1988 's top-grossing hits , and the first movie directed by a woman to break the $ 100 million box office mark . Actor David Moscow , who played young Josh , told CNN that he originally auditioned for the role of Josh 's best friend , Billy . It was the child actor 's second audition ever . Months later , when Hanks came aboard , Moscow got a callback . Moscow 's hair was dyed slightly darker and he wore green contacts in order to better resemble Hanks . "  In the first week of shooting I lost a tooth , " said Moscow . "  I was very late in losing my teeth , and I remember production lost their minds . They built what they call a ` flipper ' -- a band attached to the tooth that I had to wear in my mouth during scenes ; but I could pop it in and out of my mouth if I wanted to . " Marshall recalled demanding that Moscow , a fellow Bronx , New York native , "  stop flipping " multiple times on-set . Moscow and Hanks , of course , could not be in any of the same scenes , but Hanks ' nice guy reputation was already filmdom lore . "  The producers were nervous for him -LSB- Hanks -RSB- because he refused to take a limo to the set and said he would just take the subway , " said Moscow . "  He showed up with a backpack and a hat on and he was just really down to earth . " For the sake of authenticity , Marshall built the Josh character around the real-life Moscow . Josh 's bedroom resembled Moscow 's . "  The Giants poster on the wall , the Yankees game , that was me , " he said . Marshall recorded home movies of Moscow and his friends interacting so Hanks could study their movements : how kids acted , ran , talked , and joked around with one another . The role required that Hanks un-learn the societal disciplines of being an adult . Moscow even read many of Hanks ' lines as a guideline to ensure a truly childlike delivery of lines that was n't over-the-top . Moscow was n't the only child to contribute to the production end of things . The song Josh sang to prove his identity to Billy  "  Shimmy , shimmy , cocoa pop . Shimmy , shimmy , rock ... "  was taught to Hanks by his then 10-year-old son , Colin , who learned the little ditty at summer camp . Hanks still knows it by heart  and soul  . The FAO Schwarz sequence arguably stands out as the film 's most iconic . The piano scene was key for many reasons , but primarily it was instrumental in getting Josh and his boss to bond . Because Silly String , pizza and loft apartments do n't pay for themselves . Marshall recalled preparing for the piano scene months in advance . The director approached the inventor of what is now the tourist attraction known as the Big Piano and asked for a practical instrument that the actors could play "  Heart and Soul " and "  Chopsticks " on . Cardboard mockups of the piano were created for Hanks and actor Robert Loggia to practice on at home . Dance doubles were hired for close-up insert shots of the actors ' feet , but in the end the footage was never used -- Hanks and Loggia were just that good . As a nod to the scene , when the front cover of Fox Home Entertainment 's new 25th anniversary edition Blu-ray/DVD is opened , "  Heart and Soul " plays via an internal sound chip . Moscow believes "  Big " still resonates with audiences because "  anybody can watch it . All ages . There 's no violence in it . There 's no gratuitous sex in it . It 's something that 's safe . But there are also these moments of pure magic . " Fans of "  Big " have their own personal magic moments from the film , whether they 're reminiscing about the excitement of one 's first paycheck  $ 187 !  ; or watching Tom Hanks in a white-sequined tuxedo lick cream cheese out of a celery stick , put it back , eat baby corn as if its on-the-cob and then proceed to dry heave after sampling Beluga caviar ; or remembering the days of being uninhibited enough to jump on a trampoline in a skirt . For others , perhaps it 's the simple sweetness of Josh giving his colleague and soon-to-be girlfriend , Susan  played by Elizabeth Perkins  "  a glow-in-the-dark compass ring . So you do n't get lost . " The writers agonized over whether it was even appropriate for the Josh character to enter into a sexual relationship with a grown woman . They eventually defaulted to Judaic law and made him 13 -- he was originally supposed to be 12 -- meaning he 'd already been bar-mitzvahed and thus undergone the rite of passage into manhood . Of course  spoiler alert !  Josh misses his family , tracks down the Zoltar machine , and everyone  except maybe Susan  lives happily ever after . Moscow said the scene in which he walks away from Elizabeth Perkins , swimming in the Tom Hanks-sized suit was particularly memorable . He kept looking at the wrong place as he said his lines . "  Sometimes the camera is the actor and you have to act to it even if the actor is standing four feet away , " he said . "  In the scene where I was wearing the big suit , gazing at Elizabeth , I was looking at the real Elizabeth instead of at the camera and Penny would be like , ` Cut ! ' " Marshall hopes audiences continue to come away from the film with the notion that while everybody has to grow up , it 's important not to lose the child inside . That life will never be that simple again , and it 's important to retain that innocence . "  Everyone says , ` When I 'm big I 'm gon na ... ' , " Marshall told CNN . "  That 's the message I held onto during ` Big . ' " Tom Hanks spoke about the wonder of childhood in an interview on the DVD extras . "  We go through periods of our lives where we 're able to fall asleep in the back of the car while Dad drives home , " said Hanks , "  and later on we find ourselves being Dad who has to stay awake and drive while everybody 's asleep in the back of the car . When you grow up it 's all over with . "	The movie "  Big " was released in 1988 and remains a classic Robert DeNiro was originally cast in the Tom Hanks role "  Big " went on to receive Oscar nominations for Best Actor and Best Original Screenplay
CNN  -- The world of social media burst with excitement Friday as millions took to Twitter , Facebook and other sites to join a virtual wedding party for Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . At the peak , there were 300 tweets per second using the Royal Wedding hashtag , according to Tweetminster , a news platform which monitors activity on Twitter . As Catherine stepped out of her car for the ceremony , nearly 9.4 % of all tweets worldwide mentioned the word "  wedding , " according to Trendistic , which also monitors Twitter trends . "  I wish Kate & Willem the very best in their marriage ! : , " Mark Kwakernaak of Rotterdam in the Netherlands posted on Twitter . For Americans , the royal nuptials meant a pre-dawn start to the day . For some , it conjured a bit of nostalgia . "  Yes , I set my alarm to wake up early to watch the #RoyalWedding , " said Renee Nicole , who tweeted from northern Colorado . "  I remember watching Prince Charles & Princess Diana 's wedding , with my Mom . " Much of the Internet buzz surrounded what gown Catherine would wear down the aisle . "  I just ca n't wait to see the DRESS ! " Stephanie Golangelo tweeted from Cleveland . "  More than anything , I wan na see Kate 's dress ! " echoed Mary Pranica of Minneapolis . Celebrities also joined in the online excitement . Victoria Beckham , a guest at the wedding with her footballer husband David , wrote on Twitter Thursday night : "  London looks beautiful !!! We are so proud to be British ! " "  London 's looking delightful today ! Flags at the ready ! " wrote Harry Potter actor Tom Felton . Television personality Joan Rivers joked : "  I just read that the Royal Wedding is likely to have 2 billion viewers ! Many of them will be air-traffic controllers watching at work . " British celebrity chef Jamie Oliver wrote : "  Royal wedding day !! national day off !! have a great day today guys , I hope it includes family , friends , bad dancing food and a little drink . " Former Spice Girl Mel B -- now living in Los Angeles -- said she was "  getting sooo excited about the wedding , up at 5am to comment about it . " "  Wake up Kath-eters ! " comedienne Kathy Griffin wrote . "  Wan na hear ur thoughts on all things royal wedding . " "  Congrats to William and Kate ... and Kate 's sister , " wrote Justin Bieber , who is currently on tour in Sydney , Australia . The wedding proved to be a bit of downer for those thinking they had a shot at one of the world 's most eligible bachelors , while others decided to look at the bright side . "  Ladies , CALM DOWN u can still MARRY HARRY : , " Aditya Pratama of Jakarta , Indonesia , said on Twitter . Lauren Demitry of Buffalo , New York , took a similar approach . "  That 's okay . I rather marry Harry anyways , " she said . While the Twitter feed for the royal wedding surged with dozens of comments a minute , not all of them were -- shall we say -- for family reading . "  Who gives a damn about the #RoyalWedding seriously ? " was a frequently repeated post that can be shared . Many marveled at the universal appeal of the event held at Westminster Abbey . "  Even my brother is keeping up with the #RoyalWedding more than me , " tweeted Liana Borja of Guam . As the wedding drew near , a "  Runaway Bride " theme appeared . In the 1999 movie , starring Julia Roberts and Richard Gere , a woman left a string of fiances at the alter . "  Speak now or forever hold your peace ... ` Kate , damn it - run ! ' " Jo Garfein of northern California suggested on Twitter . "  Now THAT would make the #RoyalWedding more interesting . "	NEW : There were 300 tweets per second using the Royal Wedding hashtag at the peak of the excitement Tweets chronicle and comment on the royal wedding Twitter posts marvel at and poke fun of the nuptials Internet postings come from around the world
CNN  -- This week , 37-year-old Marissa Mayer became CEO of Yahoo , an internet provider with many problems , although an audience is n't one of them -- the company claims more than half a billion people currently access its products a month , and Mayer told the New York Times she considers it "  one of the best brands on the internet . " Mayer also announced Tuesday that she is pregnant . She and husband Zack Bogue are expecting a baby boy in October . Read more : If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? A Silicon Valley veteran , Mayer became Google 's 20th employee in 1999 , after completing a Masters in Computer Science at Stanford University . She leaves Google after 13 years , having heading up its search team and , for the last two years , leading location and maps services . This year , she also joined the board of retail giant Wal-Mart . Now , one of the most powerful women in the tech industry , Mayer regularly shares her philosophies on life and work . Here , we 've gathered together some of the lessons that have helped Mayer on her way to the top . 11 fun facts about Mayer Push through your uncertainty "  I always did something I was a little not ready to do . I think that 's how you grow . When there 's that moment of ` Wow , I 'm not really sure I can do this , ' and you push through those moments , that 's when you have a breakthrough . Sometimes that 's a sign that something really good is about to happen . You 're about to grow and learn a lot about yourself , " she told CNN in April . Protect what 's really important to you "  I have a theory that burnout is about resentment . And you beat it by knowing what it is you 're giving up that makes you resentful . I tell people : Find your rhythm . Your rhythm is what matters to you so much that when you miss it you 're resentful of your work ... So find your rhythm , understand what makes you resentful , and protect it . You ca n't have everything you want , but you can have the things that really matter to you . And thinking that way empowers you to work really hard for a really long period of time , " said Mayer in Bloomberg Businessweek earlier this year . Work with smart people "  It 's really wonderful to work in an environment with a lot of smart people . One , I think because it challenges you to think and work on a different level , " she said during a talk at Stanford University 's Entrepreneurial Thought Leader Speaker Series in 2006 . Keep some outside perspective "  I 've always loved baking . I think it 's because I 'm very scientific . The best cooks are chemists ... I 'm a businesswoman first and foremost  but  my hobbies actually make me better at work . They help me come up with new and innovative ways of looking at things , " Mayer said in an interview with San Francisco magazine in February 2008 . Work with a target customer in mind "  I always put the user first when I get ideas pitched to me . I like to think of my mom and wonder if she would be able to get an idea right off the bat , " she told careers website WetFeet.com in 2008 . Set constraints to boost your creativity "  People think of creativity as this sort of unbridled thing , but engineers thrive on constraints . They love to think their way out of that little box : ` We know you said it was impossible , but we 're going to do this , this , and that to get us there , " Mayer said in an interview with Fast Company in February 2008 . How do you balance career and family ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	Yahoo 's new CEO Marissa Mayer spent 13 years at Google We 've collected some of the career and life philosophies that have helped Mayer to the top Having hobbies and imposing constraints can encourage creativity , she says Mayer : "  I always did something I was a little not ready to do . I think that 's how you grow . "
Investigators found two fully functional pipe bombs and believe that a three-week manhunt may be taking a toll on suspected cop killer Eric Matthew Frein , Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Tuesday . "  Over the last few days we have found several items that undoubtedly confirm Eric Frein is hiding in our search area , " Bivens told reporters . "  We have found a number of items belonging to Frein , some of which were hastily discarded . " Those items include a pair of pipe bombs found in the last two days that could be detonated via trip wire or fuse -- consistent with what Bivens called "  Frein 's non-confrontational and gutless efforts to kill or injure law enforcement from a distance . " The bombs were capable of causing significant damage , he said . "  I ca n't get into his head but I 'm sure that he is stressed at this point , " Bivens said . "  It 's been a couple of weeks and I am certain that he is not sleeping well at night . " Frein may have been spotted within the past 24 hours in the rugged area where he has been sighted numerous times , Bivens told reporters . The suspect was wearing dark clothing and was seen between 75 and 100 yards away . "  We 're confident that he 's in the area , " Bivens said . Frein is sought in the death of Cpl. Bryon Dickson in a September 12 ambush outside the state police barracks in Blooming Grove . Trooper Alex T. Douglass was wounded in the attack . Authorities have located several structures where they believe the suspect has stayed . Some items were found in a location that Frein may have used as an "  overnight accommodation , " Bivens said . ` We are not going anywhere ' As he has in the past , Bivens , who is spearheading the manhunt , had a personal message for Frein : "  I am calling on you , Eric , to surrender . You are clearly stressed . You are making significant mistakes . We continue to take your supplies and your weapon stockpiles . While you are no doubt weakening our troopers ' resolve is very strong . We are not going anywhere . " Bivens said Frein may have placed other explosive devices in the area and warned people to be very careful , especially since archery hunting season is about to begin . The self-styled survivalist may have planned the ambush and retreat for months or years , police have said . The search area is a wooded area around the border of Pike and Monroe counties . The area is not far from Frein 's family home in Canadensis , in the Pocono Mountains . The suspect has the advantage of knowing the terrain where he is hidden , officials said . Poring through a variety of clues Last week , police said a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein showed he planned the attack and his retreat into the woods for a couple of years . The hard drive which Frein had access to indicated extensive Internet research on topics such as "  how to avoid police manhunts , use of various law enforcement technologies and skills related to survival , " Bivens said . Police also were able to track Frein through his cell phone when he called his parents one time earlier this month , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . Frein hung up after one ring , the source said . The search has yielded an empty pack of Serbian cigarettes , Bivens said . Frein claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa and has studied Russian and Serbian languages , according to the FBI , which last week named him one of its Ten Most Wanted fugitives . Soiled adult diapers were also found , perhaps used by Frein to stay in a stationary position for long periods of time . Authorities have said that Frein hated law enforcement and that they believe that he 's solely focused on hurting more officers but not civilians . "  I do think that we have significantly degraded his ability ... to adapt , " Bivens said Tuesday . Who is Eric Frein ?	Discovery of two pipe bomb confirms Eric Matthew Frein 's presence in wooded area , investigator says Suspect may have been spotted within the past 24 hours He is being sought in the death of Cpl. Byron Dickson in a September 12 ambush
Mental Floss  -- Sure , you know these five creatures as stinging , biting merchants of death . But is n't it time we put aside our differences and embraced the positive ? A creepy crawler from this guy 's family could save your brain from cancer some day . 1 . Poison dart frogs : The heart-healthy choice It could kill you : You know an animal is bad news when its sweat was once considered a state-of-the-art military technology . Meet the poison dart frog , which secretes a highly dangerous neurotoxin , called batrachotoxin , through its pores . In fact , various Latin American tribes used to collect the stuff  carefully  to poison the tips of their arrows for hunting and warfare . Interestingly , however , the frogs do n't produce their own toxin . They get it from eating insects that most likely pick up the poison from the plants they consume . The same frogs , if raised in a laboratory rather than the rain forest , are n't poisonous at all . But it just might cure you : Before batrachotoxin stops your heart , it speeds it up . Consequently , medical experts believe it might be possible to tweak elements of the frog 's toxin to bring patients out of cardiac arrest and potentially save lives . And because it also deadens nerve endings , batrachotoxin has potential as an ingredient in anesthetics . Watch how gator blood may be become super drug " Studies into other uses of the toxin are still in the early stages , but the frog 's medical benefits bolster the argument for preserving the rainforest . Most scientists believe we 've only just begun to grasp the pharmaceutical possibilities of some of the world 's rarest and deadliest creatures . 2 . Scorpions : Leading the battle against brain cancer It could kill you : For the most part , scorpions use their toxins to capture prey , ward off competitors during mating season , and defend themselves against larger predators . Unfortunately , humans count as larger predators . A sting by some species can leave you with any number of potentially deadly conditions , including heart and lung failure . But it just might cure you : Medical researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham  UAB  have discovered a new use for scorpion venom -- cancer medication . Each year , some 9,000 Americans are diagnosed with malignant glioma , a form of brain cancer that kills about half its victims within a year of diagnosis . Glioma cells work a lot like cockroach muscle cells . And while that fact is pretty disgusting , it also got UAB researchers thinking about the giant Israeli scorpion , whose venom is harmless to humans but deadly to its cockroach prey . Doctors found that when they injected a drug derived from the venom of giant Israeli scorpions into cancer-infected human brains , the poison destroyed the glioma cells and left surrounding , healthy cells alone . The treatment is still in the early stages of development , but researchers remain optimistic . 3 . Cone shell snails : Little creatures tackling big pain It could kill you : Thanks to their unique colors and intricate patterns , cone shells look like they 'd make great beach souvenirs . But watch your fingers ; they 're actually home to one of the world 's deadliest creatures . Cone shell snails come equipped with an extendable "  arm " -- complete with a sharp , venomous tooth -- that they use to immobilize and kill prey . And while the venom certainly helps the slow-moving hunters from going hungry , it can also paralyze , or even kill , victims . The good news : Death by cone shell is completely painless . But it just might cure you : Cone shell venom , called conotoxin , has incredible potential as a painkiller , with one added bonus : Unlike many current anesthetics , conotoxin is n't addictive . In 2005 , Ireland-based Elan Pharmaceuticals became the first company to market a drug made from the venom . Called Prialt , the drug is pumped into the fluid around a patient 's spine to relieve chronic pain and is believed to be up to 1,000 times more powerful than morphine . Meanwhile , at the University of Melbourne , a research team headed by Professor Bruce Livett is currently developing another conotoxin-based painkiller called ACV1 , which was first tested on humans in the summer of 2005 . Unlike Prialt , however , ACV1 does n't affect a patient 's blood pressure and can be injected under the skin , making it a lot less intimidating . Plus , ACV1 is believed to be as much as 10,000 times stronger than morphine . 4 . Vipers : Lowering your blood pressure since 1981 It could kill you : Most vipers are scary enough as is , but jararaca vipers are venomous to boot . But what 's truly fascinating is the unique way their venom works . Unlike a traditional toxin , viper venom functions by preventing the blood from clotting , meaning the snakes actually kill their victims by causing them to bleed to death . But it just might cure you : Lucky for us , slow-clotting blood is n't always a bad thing . Researchers have found that small doses of viper venom can prevent arteries from hardening , thus stopping the kinds of blood clots that commonly occur in cardiac patients . In fact , jararaca viper venom  or at least a synthesized version of it  is a key ingredient in most of today 's ACE inhibitors . Introduced in 1981 , ACE inhibitors work by slowing down the body 's angiotensin converting enzyme  ACE  . When left untreated , the enzyme can produce a peptide that causes muscle constriction around blood vessels . That kind of constriction can set off a chain reaction whereby a person 's blood vessels narrow and his or her blood pressure shoots through the roof , leading to greater risk of heart attack and other ailments . Because the ACE inhibitors can stop this domino effect , they 're frequently used to treat millions of men and women with high blood pressure . 5 . Gila monsters : Attacking type 2 diabetes It could kill you : One of only two species of venomous lizards , the Gila monster is native to southwestern United States and northern Mexico . Unlike other deadly critters , Gila monsters do n't inject venom directly into their victims . Instead , poison oozes from the lizard 's teeth into the open wounds of its prey , usually while the Gila monster is chewing . Because of this , human fatalities from Gila monster bites are rare , but a bite can cause intense pain , nausea , swelling , fatigue , dizziness , and chills -- none of which is particularly fun . But it just might cure you : In addition to causing all those nasty side effects , Gila monster venom stimulates insulin production and slows down glucose production , which is great news for diabetics . Byetta , a drug manufactured by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and Eli Lilly & Company to treat Type 2 diabetes , uses a manufactured form of Gila monster venom as its main ingredient . Approved by the FDA in April of 2005 , Byetta is injected before meals to help their bodies produce the right amount of insulin at the right time -- the best part being that it does n't cause the mood swings often associated with traditional insulin regimens . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Scientists hope deadly creatures can save humans Gila monster venom stimulates insulin production in humans Snake venom lead to treatment for millions with high blood pressure Scorpions may help patients survive brain cancer
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia on Sunday defended its execution of a Sri Lankan maid for the death of an infant in her care and hit back at international criticism of last week 's beheading . "  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia categorically rejects any interference in its affairs or in the provisions of its judiciary under any justifications , " a statement carried by the official Saudi Press Agency read . Human rights groups and the Sri Lankan government had lobbied for leniency in the case of Rizana Nafeek , who was convicted of killing her employers ' son in 2005 . The family said she strangled the boy , Kayed bin Nayef bin Jazyan al-Otaibi , after being asked to bottle-feed him , but Nafeek said the infant accidentally choked on milk . Read more : Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia She was executed Wednesday amid condemnation by human rights groups , the European Union and the United Nations . But in Sunday 's statement , the Saudis said complaints about her execution "  draw on false information about the case and are issued without full knowledge of the circumstances of the case itself . " The Saudi statement denied allegations by Nafeek 's advocates that she was a minor at the time of the boy 's death . Sri Lanka 's government said she was only 17 at the time . But the Saudi statement said her official passport showed she was 21 when the boy died . "  As it is universally recognized , the passport is an official document issued by her government , " the statement said . "  Moreover , the legal regulations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia do not allow the recruitment of minors . " Saudi Arabia is a signatory to the international Convention on the Rights of the Child , which bars the execution of offenders who were under 18 at the time of their crime . The Saudis said Nafeek had "  all rights to have a legal defense , " with the Sri Lankan government monitoring the case . And it said Saudi officials "  at the highest levels " urged the infant 's family members to agree to clemency or a payment of "  blood money " in exchange for sparing Nafeek 's life , but they refused . Opinion : Saudi execution : Brutal , inhuman and illegal ? Nafeek was put to death Wednesday in Dawadmi , a small , dusty town about 200 kilometers  125 miles  west of Riyadh . Sri Lanka has withdrawn its ambassador to Saudi Arabia in response to the execution , which Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa had twice asked Saudi King Abdullah to stop . "  We pointed out to Saudi officials that Rizana came to their country as a housemaid . She was not competent or trained to look after a baby , which she had been assigned to her by her employer , " External Affairs Secretary Karunatilaka Amunugama said in a statement released Friday . Human rights groups said Nafeek did not have access to a lawyer during her pretrial interrogation , during which she said she was assaulted and forced to sign a confession under duress . Philip Luther , director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program , said last week that the case shows the Saudis are "  woefully out of step ... with their international obligations regarding the use of the death penalty . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was "  dismayed " by the execution , the United Nations said last week . Amnesty says Saudi Arabia executed at least 79 people in 2012 . Of those , 27 were non-Saudis -- and most of the foreigners executed in recent years were migrant workers from developing countries , the group said . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia says Rizana Nafeek had "  all rights " before her beheading last week The Sri Lankan maid was put to death for the 2005 killing of her employers ' infant The Saudis say she was 21 at the time ; Sri Lanka says she was 17 The kingdom "  categorically rejects any interference in its affairs , " a statement says
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Let 's admit it : We all need to feel special sometimes . Well , if you 're a firefighter , scientist or teacher , you should . After all , a new Harris poll indicates that plenty of Americans already think you are . Firefighters have one of the most prestigious jobs , according to a new Harris poll . U.S. adults , according to a recent survey by Harris Interactive , see firefighters , scientists and teachers as the most prestigious occupations while bankers , actors and real estate agents are the least prestigious occupations . The 2007 "  Most Prestigious Occupations " poll measured the public perceptions of 23 professions . Participants were asked to rank these professions as having "  very great prestige , " "  considerable prestige , " "  some prestige , " or "  hardly any prestige at all . " They could also opt not to rank them or say they were n't sure . Sixty-one percent of adults consider firefighters to have "  very great prestige , " making this occupation the most prestigious on the list . Five other occupations were ranked as having "  very great prestige " by over 50 percent of the adults surveyed : Scientists and teachers are considered very prestigious by 54 percent of adults , followed by doctors and military officers , who earn the prestige of 52 percent of Americans , and nurses , whom half of all adults consider very prestigious . Among the least prestigious occupations are real estate brokers , actors and bankers . Only 5 percent of survey participants ranked real estate brokers as very prestigious ; 9 percent gave actors this label , followed by 10 percent for bankers . Accountants , entertainers , stockbrokers , union leaders , journalists , business executives and athletes all also ranked low on the list : Less than 20 percent of adults consider any of the aforementioned occupations to have "  very great prestige . " Consequently , five occupations are perceived to have "  hardly any prestige at all " by at least a quarter of adults : stockbrokers  25 percent  , union leaders  30 percent  , entertainers  31 percent  , real estate brokers  34 percent  and actors  38 percent  . Harris Interactive started conducting its "  Most Prestigious Careers " survey in 1977 and included only 11 professions . The most significant change since the survey 's inception is that , with the exception of teachers and clergy , the perceived prestige of every one of the original 11 occupations has actually decreased over the years . The most drastic drop occurred among scientists , lawyers and athletes , whose prestige dropped by 12 points , 14 points and 10 points , respectively . Clergy members are considered prestigious by a percentage point more of the population than they were 30 years ago , while teachers ' perceived prestige increased by 25 percent . Understandably , the year-to-year changes are less drastic . Scientists ' perceived prestige has n't changed in the last year , and despite a significant jump from 1977 , teachers ' perceived prestige has increased by only two percentage points . Bankers and athletes showed the most drastic drop in prestige : Both are down seven points from last year . The profession that saw the biggest increase in prestige from 2006 was that of farmers , who rose five points . While the survey measures the degree to which certain occupations are considered prestigious , it offers no indication as to why people consider certain occupations more prestigious than others . For more information and to see the complete results of the survey , visit http://www.harrisinteractive.com/ . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Sixty-one percent of Americans say firefighters have prestigious job Teachers , scientists also get high marks in recent Harris poll Bankers , athletes and journalists get low marks
CNN  -- The Kansas City Chiefs beat the Green Bay Packers on Sunday in Arrowhead Stadium , ending the defending Super Bowl champions ' quest for a perfect season . The Packers , who were 13-0 this season , were defeated 19-14 by the 5-8 Chiefs . Despite the loss -- the Packers ' first in 20 games -- Green Bay remains firmly atop the NFC standings . The Chiefs are in last place in the AFC West . Kansas City executives on Monday fired head coach Todd Haley after the team lost four of its previous five games . Sunday 's win was the first under interim head coach Romeo Crennel . Crennel was previously the team 's defensive coordinator . Also Sunday , the Indianapolis Colts ended their winless season with their first victory , beating the Tennessee Titans 27-13 . The Colts , previously 0-13 , have been struggling without star quarterback Peyton Manning as he recovers from neck surgery .	NEW : Indianapolis Colts win their first game of the season Chiefs beat Packers 19-14 at Arrowhead Stadium The Packers were 13-0 this season and had won 19 straight
Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , hit back at Sen. Al Franken , D-Minnesota , Monday for his comments that Cruz does n't know what he is talking about when it comes to net neutrality . Cruz used a video that he uploaded to YouTube and social media that shows the senator explaining what net neutrality is and how it works . "  What happens when government starts regulating a service as a public utility ? It calcifies everything . It freezes it in place , " Cruz says , in a clip from a speech he delivered Friday in Texas . "  Let 's give a simple contrast . The Telecommunications Act of 1934 was adopted to regulate these , " Cruz says holding up a landline phone . "  To put regulations in place and what happened ? It froze everything in place . This  Cruz puts his hand on the landline phone  is regulated by Title II . This  Cruz holds up a cell phone  is not . " "  Your smartphone , the Internet , the apps -- all of this is outside of Title II , " Cruz continues . "  The innovation is happening without having to go to government regulators and say , ` Mother , may I ? ' We want a whole lot more of this  Cruz holds up a cell phone  and a whole lot less of this  Cruz points at the landline phone  . " The Cruz explainer video is titled "  How net neutrality hurts the internet explained . " It was circulated in response to Franken 's suggestion on Sunday that Cruz does n't know what he 's talking about when it comes to net neutrality . Franken , who chairs the Subcommittee on Privacy , Technology and the Law , said Cruz 's previously stated analogy that net neutrality is like "  Obamacare for the Internet " makes no sense . "  He has it completely wrong and he just does n't understand what this issue is , " Franken told CNN 's Candy Crowley on Sunday . Net neutrality protesters sing , chant at FCC chairman 's home At issue are proposed "  fast lanes , " or opportunities for big companies to pay Internet providers more money to make their websites operate at a quicker speed . But opponents , including President Barack Obama , favor keeping things equal -- also known as net neutrality -- so that wealthier businesses do n't have an advantage over smaller ones when it comes to paying for faster websites . "  Obamacare was a government program that fixed something , that changed things , " Franken said . "  This is about reclassifying something so it stays the same . This would keep things exactly the same that they 've been . " To prevent "  fast lanes , " Obama urged the Federal Communications Commission to implement more regulations -- something Republicans do n't want . Obama puts foot down : No Internet fast lanes Cruz said last week on Facebook that net neutrality is "  the biggest regulatory threat to the Internet . " "  In short , net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet , " he continued . "  It puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing , terms of service , and what types of products and services can be delivered , leading to fewer choices , fewer opportunities , and higher prices for consumers . " Responding to Franken 's comments , Cruz 's communications director said Monday that "  allowing the government to regulate the Internet as a public utility would freeze innovation and prevent progress . " "  It 's radical and extreme to put the future of the Internet in the hands of a five-member FCC panel influenced by lobbyists and politicians and unaccountable to regular , working Americans , " Amanda Carpenter said , while also pointing to a recent speech by Cruz about net neutrality .	Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas uploads video of his take on net neutrality He uses a landline phone to illustrate his belief that the government stifles innovation Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota had said Cruz did n't understand the issue
Daniel Bradshaw , a young barber at Platinum Kutz in central Des Moines , hovers over a customer 's half-trimmed head , clippers in hand , talking about the good old days of 2008 . "  Yeah , I was all for Obama . He was the man ! " proclaimed Bradshaw , 32 , whose friends call him "  Mr. Puerto Rico " and whose colleagues sometimes refer to him as "  Mr. Steal-Your-Client . " As he brushed the hair clippings off his apron , he goes on : "  I even got to meet him , once . He was all that . " Or so he thought . Bradshaw , like many of his fellow Democrats , feels let down . The promise , the hope , the dream of the first black president has stalled in the reality of a stubborn economy , two wars and a Congress engaged in full-contact politics . So this time around , come Election Day 2012 , a frustrated Bradshaw says he might not vote at all . He 's done with all of it . "  After all this , I just do n't trust the government anymore . They 're just playin ' with people . What have they really done ? Nothing , as far as I can see . I 'm not going to vote at all this year . My wife , either , I 've convinced her not to vote , " lamented Bradshaw as he edged the hairline of his customer . "  I 'm just disappointed . It 's not even Obama . It 's all of them . I 've come to realize they 're all the same . It does n't matter if you 're a Republican , it does n't matter if you 're Democrat , tea party , independent , whatever , it does n't mater . They are all the same . " The feeling , though certainly not universal , is more and more echoed by frustrated and disengaged Democrats at gas stations and gyms , diners and coffee houses throughout Iowa . Disappointment and loyalty While President Barack Obama 's approval rating has rebounded recently , jumping back up 5 percentage points to 49 % in the latest CNN/ORC International poll , the approval ratings for Congress are at all-time lows . In the same poll , only 16 % say they approve of the job Congress is doing , with 83 % giving lawmakers from both parties the thumbs down . Across Iowa , the state where then-U.S. Sen. Obama surprised the nation and swept the 2008 Democratic caucuses , igniting early momentum and propelling him to win his party 's nomination over U.S. Sen. Hillary Clinton , other Democrats are standing tall with the president , ready to fight to give him another term . "  He does n't care about all that mess . They just have n't let him do his job . I have never seen so many politicians fighting so hard to take one man down . But he 's fighting for all of us , " said Robert "  Big Rob " Presswood , co-owner of the barber shop that caters to judges , local politicians , police officers and downtown professionals . "  I think if they give him another shot , then he 'll have enough time to change some things around . " "  He 's our first black president . He did the unthinkable . And he 's been amazing . Have you really looked at all that he has gotten done , despite those fools ? And , on top of that , he 's got swag ! " Meanwhile , the Obama campaign is upbeat , quietly marshaling hundreds of volunteers from Dubuque to Cedar Rapids , Davenport to Waterloo , to stoke the fires for the incumbent president at a time when all the attention is on the Republican contest . According to two senior Obama campaign aides , the president 's 2012 re-election efforts began in Iowa as early as April . Since then , they say they 've :  Hired 20 paid staffers .  Opened eight field offices .  Held more than 1,280 training and planning sessions , house parties and phone banks .  Made more than 350,000 calls to supporters .  Held more than 4,400 one-on-one meetings . Covering all 99 counties of Iowa They are tasking volunteers to avoid relying solely on blanket phone calls right now , and instead create sit-down face-to-face meetings with people to build relationships and gather information : what is happening in their community , what people are hearing , who they are , what they care about , how they can be leaders for the campaign in their community . They argue that no presidential field campaign has ever done this on a big scale . "  We 're in 1,774 precincts , in all 99 Iowa counties , " said Sue Dvorsky , chairwoman of the Iowa Democratic Party . She added that even though Obama will be unopposed this year , her party still plans on caucusing Tuesday night . And the president , she said , will even make an appearance , "  by the magic of the Interwebs . " When they 're not beating up on each other , Republican presidential candidates have spent much of the past few months beating up on Obama . "  We 've seen the median income for Americans drop by 10 % , " said presumed Republican front-runner and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , blaming the economy 's woes on Obama . "  By the end of his first term -- his only term -- he 's on track to amass almost as much public debt as all the prior presidents combined . This has been a failed presidency . " They have hit him on the economy , they 've hit him on foreign policy , health care and the size of government . Some even continue to suggest , albeit jokingly , that he is not a legitimate American citizen , as hinted in an offhand comment by Romney 's son Matt last week . The younger Romney quickly walked back his comments in a tweet after being confronted by the media . "  I remember , after he got inaugurated ... and he said , ` Look , if I ca n't get this economy turned around in three years , I 'll be looking at a one-term proposition , ' " reminded Mitt Romney during a stump speech Monday in Marion , Iowa . "  Well , I 'm here to collect . " But through the attacks , the president has largely remained quiet . Only occasionally has he wandered into the fray , suggesting that he may engage the other side when the dust settles . "  I 'm going to wait until everybody is voted off the island , " he told Jay Leno on "  The Tonight Show . " Iowa has historically been the proving grounds for underdog candidates . In 2008 it was Obama . This year , it could be former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum , who has been surging since the recent CNN/Time/ORC International poll put him in a strong third place behind Romney and U.S. Rep. Ron Paul , but moving up . For Obama , his Iowa test comes in November Nevertheless , Obama 's task in Iowa , considered a pivotal swing state when the general election comes in November , is still grand . He must retain the Democratic support he had in 2008 -- when he camped out in the state for months before the caucuses and visited Iowa more than three dozen times -- while convincing the third of the voters who call themselves independent not to drift back over to the Republican side , and the other third who are Democrats not to stay home . And all this goes on while Republicans continue to grab the spotlight and hammer him throughout 2012 . Meanwhile , the base is restless . "  It seems very hopeless ... hope , change ... but nothing changes , " said Bradshaw , the young barber who is fed up with Obama and the process . When asked what she 'd say to Bradshaw , the Iowa Democratic chair 's words got pointed . "  Yes , there is frustration , there is angst . But I would say to that person -- and I 'd say it directly to his face -- that there has been a remarkable record of achievement in the past four years , " Dvorsky said , her passion growing . "  I 'd point to the record of achievement , in the face of two things happening simultaneously : The near-collapse of the entire economy , an economy that was bleeding 750,000 jobs . And now he has presided over 23 consecutive months of private sector job growth . I 'd point to everything he did to pass the Affordable Health Care Act . I 'd point to what he did to partner with the Big Three automakers to save the American automotive industry , or bringing combat troops from Iraq home with their families at Christmas , instead of on their fifth or sixth deployment . " "  And he did this in the face of massive opposition from a party who saw as its role to take down a sitting president , not to compromise , not to work with him , but to take him down , " Dvorsky said . "  This is a group of people , not all of them , who say ` No , heck no , never ! ' " "  The real story for the Republicans is going to be not on the night of January 3 , but on the morning of January 4 , " she said confidently . "  He 'll be on the way back to The White House , and they 'll be left sweeping up the floor of the empty rooms , and not much else . "	Obama won Iowa 's caucuses in 2008 ; now he 's seeing some frustration from his base Says one dismayed citizen : "  I 'm not going to vote at all this year . " Iowa Democrats are mounting an aggressive effort to energize voters for Tuesday night Republican candidates continue to pummel the president on the economy , health care
A blinking dinosaur eye . A nod to Eminem . A crude effort at connecting friends and "  friends of friends . " Were these the awkward first steps toward a multibillion-dollar social media empire ? Some online sleuths think so , saying that a newly unearthed Angelfire page from 1999 appears to be the first website ever created by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg . "  Hi , my name is ... Slim Shady , " the site 's creator wrote on its "  About Me " page , referencing an Eminem song released that same year . "  No , really , my name is Slim Shady . Just kidding , my name is Mark . " Mark describes himself as 15 years old , having just completed his freshman year of high school in "  a small town near the massive city of New York . " All those details match up with Facebook 's billionaire CEO , as does the source code on the site 's main page that lists "  Mark Zuckerberg " as its creator . The quaintly outdated and charmingly awkward site  witness the creepy animated eye on its home page  showed up Wednesday in a post on Hacker News , the news-sharing site associated with startup incubator Y Combinator . Immediately , would-be profilers went to work looking for glimpses of a future Web titan in the posts of a teen who liked quesadillas , lasers and making fun of his buddies . Many pointed to The Web , an app with the name "  Mark " in a red box at the center . The creator asks friends to add themselves , then two of their own friends . Those friends can then add two friends of their own , in theory creating an ever-growing network of friends and acquaintances . Sound familiar ? Then , there 's The Vader Fader . It 's a tool to fade text in AOL chat , text and e-mails . "  This is a fader that I made when I was a little bored and somewhat inspired on a long weekend in between finals , " the creator writes . " ... So take advantage of this fader and tell your friends to download it as well ! " So , is it really Zuckerberg ? There are some pretty convincing signs that it might be . Our favorite comes at the very bottom of the "  Vader Fader " page . The second update of the tool got a new name : "  Zuck Fader . " The folks at Motherboard , a tech and science site launched by VICE , tracked the e-mail address listed on the site -- Themarke51@aol.com -- back to an account holder with the same screen name that Dr. Edward Zuckerberg , Mark 's father , uses frequently . The source code on the site 's main page suggests that it was , in fact , created in 1999 . It 's hosted on Angelfire 's "  ny " subdomain for sites in New York state , where Zuckerberg grew up in suburban Westchester County . "  It could also be some strange , quasi-elaborate hoax meant to embarass Zuck with Eminem references and a silly game called ` Cow-a-bungee , ' " Adam Clark Estes wrote for Motherboard . "  But there 's a lot of compelling evidence that this thing is legit . " Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on this story .	A newly discovered Angelfire website from 1999 appears to be by Mark Zuckerberg Site was created by 15-year-old "  Mark " in suburban New York It includes a crude "  social graph " and AOL fader tool he created Source code on the site 's main page lists "  Mark Zuckerberg " as its creator
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama -- who once famously declared "  there is not a black America and a white America " -- is again feeling his way through a volatile debate over race that offers fresh evidence of the nation 's enduring divisions . The first African-American president is confronting the delicate issues of justice and discrimination after renewed violence this week in Ferguson , Missouri , sparked by a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown , a black youth , this summer . These issues refuse to fade for Obama , despite hopes that his election would lead to a post-racial era . On Tuesday night in his hometown of Chicago , Obama tried to master a balancing act that has become all too familiar during his nearly six years in the White House , reflecting on the African-American experience while standing by the legal system . He offered comfort to those angered by the grand jury 's decision while identifying with the horror of looting and burning businesses in suburban St. Louis . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson "  If any part of the American community does n't feel welcomed or treated fairly , that 's something that puts all of us at risk , " Obama said . But he added that "  nothing of benefit results from destructive acts . For those who think that what happened in Ferguson is an excuse for violence , I do not have any sympathy for that . " It was not quite the rhetoric of the transcendent political figure who spoke eloquently about race during his first campaign , nor was it the impassioned president who reacted so personally in the aftermath of Florida teenager Trayvon 's Martin 's death . Instead , Obama pledged to lead a national conversation on race and address the deep rooted belief in many communities of color "  that our laws are not always being enforced uniformly . " Obama : ` No sympathy ' for violence in Ferguson Obama 's remarks reflect his reluctance to take sides or cast judgment on the grand jury 's decision and an attempt to avoid adding to the racial turmoil . But they also show his struggle to talk about race in a way that connects with all Americans . The President "  is always on a teeter-totter of not really wanting to lean too far this direction , that direction , " said Julian Bond , a longtime civil rights activist and chairman emeritus of the NAACP . "  He does n't want to be the black president . He wants to be the president , and that constrains him a great deal . I do n't think he 'll ever overcome that . " His approach to Ferguson stands in contrast to remarks last year after George Zimmerman was acquitted in the 2012 shooting death of the 17-year-old Martin . At the time , Obama recounted his own experiences as a black man in deeply personal terms . "  When Trayvon Martin was first shot , I said that this could have been my son , " Obama said . "  Another way of saying that is Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago . " He continued : "  There are very few African-American men who have n't had the experience of walking across the street and hearing the locks click on the doors of cars . That happens to me -- at least before I was a senator . " He was more circumspect on Monday as the violence in Ferguson first heated up , saying the nation has made "  enormous progress in race relations . " "  I 've witnessed that in my own life , and to deny that progress I think is to deny America 's capacity for change , " he said . Obama has dealt gingerly with racial issues since he burst onto the national political scene in 2004 as a state senator from Illinois who delivered a galvanizing speech at that year 's Democratic National Convention . His 2008 caucus win in the lily-white state of Iowa launched his path to the presidency . He would later speak with pride about his "  commanding victories in states with some of the whitest populations in the country . " PHOTOS : Protests across the U.S. . But he had to confront the issue more directly later in 2008 amid a furious debate over the incendiary remarks of his then-pastor Jeremiah Wright . He responded with a speech in Philadelphia in which Obama said Wright 's views denigrated the "  greatness and goodness of our nation " and rightly offended "  white and black alike . " Race would remain an unwelcome undercurrent throughout the campaign and after -- most notably when his aides had to confront claims by conservative conspiracy theorists that the president was not born in the U.S. . That controversy only faded when he produced a document certifying his birth for reporters .  Conservatives and Tea Party activists refuted the idea that their vehement criticisms of the president had any racial grounding  . For five years after Obama 's seminal speech on race in Philadelphia , he tried to avoid racial issues but stumbled over the controversial case of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates , Jr. who was arrested in his own home in 2009 . Obama tackles immigration , Ferguson at hometown rally Obama allowed Attorney General Eric Holder and other officials to push forward on issues like voting rights and housing that are important to the African American community . But the Martin case seemed to set a new tone for the second term of his presidency , where he has spoken with more ease about race . Obama was deeply affected by a private meeting he held last year with a group of young black boys about a mile from his home in Hyde Park , Chicago . He recalled that encounter earlier this year as he unveiled his "  My Brother 's Keeper " mentoring project at the White House . "  I could see myself in these young men , " Obama said , admitting that he was lucky he made his youthful transgressions in forgiving , multi-cultural Hawaii and not in America 's deprived inner cities . At other times , Obama has used the civil rights movement to make a point about the capacity of political movements -- even as his own change crusade shuddered to a halt . "  The arc of the moral universe may bend towards justice , but it does n't bend on its own , " he said , quoting Martin Luther King , a half century after the March on Washington last year . But Obama has studiously avoided the debate over whether race is a factor in his sinking approval ratings . He also shies away from talking about whether race played a role in his party 's struggles in the South this election season , as Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu , a Democrat , suggested during an interview about her own prospects for re-election this fall . People who have seen him in private settings say the president speaks more frankly about race than he has in public . The President , insiders say , feels a responsibility to use his remaining time in office to secure his legacy on African-American issues and has thought deeply about his own unique place in history . Rogers Smith , co-author of "  Still a House Divided , " a study of racial politics in the Obama era , said the president understood the symbolism . "  I definitely think he is conscious that as the first black president , he will be a subject of endless historical scrutiny as well as intense contemporary scrutiny , " Smith said . Still , race is likely to remain an issue during Obama 's final years in the White House . "  For the overwhelming majority of people who just feel frustrated and pained because they get a sense that some communities are n't treated fairly or some individuals are n't seen as worthy as others -- I understand that and I want to work with you and I want to move forward with you , " Obama said Tuesday . "  Your President will be right there with you . "	Ferguson violence revives race debate for first black president Obama spoke about Ferguson on Tuesday night Comments reflect balancing act Obama must walk when it comes to race
CNN  -- In yet another attempt to help stop the relentless bloodshed in Syria , a group of U.N. monitors are on the ground to observe a so-called "  cease-fire " that appears to be violated daily . While opposition activists have reported some improvements thanks to the monitors ' presence -- including a brief slowdown of shelling and the ability to retrieve bodies from streets without fear of government sniper attacks -- some say the mission will have little net effect , serving merely as proof that the international community is taking some sort of action . What exactly are the monitors supposed to do ? The U.N. Security Council has authorized up to 300 unarmed military observers for a 90-day mission in Syria . The monitors are tasked with observing a cease-fire that was supposed to go into effect April 12 , though both the Syrian regime and opposition have reported at least hundreds of killings since then . The cease-fire is part of a six-point peace plan laid out by U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan that was accepted by both the Syrian government and opposition members . In addition , observers are tasked with supporting the implementation of Annan 's peace plan , which also calls for access for humanitarian groups , the release of arbitrarily arrested detainees and the start of a political dialogue . Who are these monitors ? The unarmed military monitors are soldiers trained in peacekeeping duties . They come from at least 11 different countries , including Argentina , Belgium , Brazil , Finland , Morocco , Norway , Russia , Switzerland , China , Ghana and Indonesia . The observers are selected based on availability from neighboring missions and recommendations by member states , said Ahmad Fawzi , Annan 's spokesman . What restrictions has the Syrian government placed on the monitoring mission ? U.N. officials say President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has refused at least one U.N. monitor because of his nationality and said it wo n't accept monitors from "  Friends of Syria " countries -- precluding observers from many Western countries who have been vocal on the Syrian crisis . The Friends of Syria group , which aims to find a solution to the Syrian crisis , includes more than 60 countries and international bodies , including Turkey , the Arab League , the United States , France and the United Kingdom . In April , the group formally recognized the opposition Syrian National Council as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people . The regime 's refusal to allow monitors from such countries is n't surprising , said Asher Kaufman , associate professor at the University of Notre Dame 's Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies . "  I understand their point . ... Bashar is concerned with his own survival , " he said . Al-Assad probably does not want to risk allowing monitors from countries that could be aligned with the opposition . He said the monitors could come from "  impartial " countries , as "  there are enough members states in the U.N. that are not members of the Friends of Syria coalition . " Fawzi , Annan 's spokesman , acknowledged Syria 's demand might be a challenge . "  That could be a problem , which we will deal with when it becomes one , " he said . What other challenges does the mission face ? Opposition activists and world leaders have decried reports of retaliation attacks against residents who speak out to the U.N. monitors . "  We have credible reports that when  monitors  leave , exchanges start again , that these people who approach the observers may be approached by security forces or Syrian army and harassed or , even worse , killed , " Fawzi told the U.N. Security Council . In addition to the fear of speaking freely to the monitors , some say the observers are usually flanked by government forces -- preventing a fully objective , comprehensive view of the crisis . "  If the U.N. monitor mission is accompanied by military , then they 're not really monitoring the situation , " Kaufman said . Can the observer mission bring peace to Syria ? Even the head of the monitoring mission , Maj. Gen. Robert Mood of Norway , said no number of monitors can stop the violence without a commitment to peace by all sides of the conflict . "  Ten unarmed observers , 30 unarmed observers , 300 unarmed observers , even 1,000 unarmed observers can not solve all the problems , " Mood told reporters after arriving in Syria in April . "  So I call on everyone to help us and cooperate with us in this very challenging task ahead of us . " But Murhaf Jouejati , a Syrian-born scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington , said the monitoring mission was "  dead on arrival . " "  No one expects the Assad regime to abide by the six-point plan of Mr. Kofi Annan , " said Jouejati , who is also a member of the opposition Syrian National Council . "  What can I say ? It has failed . The Assad regime has failed every principle . " Jouejati said the international community is clinging onto the peace plan to prove it is taking some sort of action , "  to justify the lack of action it should take to save Syrian lives . " Since no diplomatic efforts have successfully stopped the violence , is it time for foreign military intervention ? "  I think it was necessary some time ago , " Jouejati said . "  In the absence of a greater force ... Assad is going to continue to slaughter his people until he wins . He will win when he subdues this uprising , when Syrians will be too fearful to go out and demonstrate for their freedom and their dignity . " But unlike with Libya , NATO has shown no interest in launching a military mission in Syria . There are several possible reasons why the international community would be more hesitant to get involved militarily in Syria . In Libya , rebels had their own capital of sorts -- the opposition stronghold of Benghazi , where they operated out of a large base . But Syrian rebels do n't have such a central operations center . In addition , the Syrian army is much stronger and better equipped than the Libyan army . And Syria is considerably more mountainous than Libya , which could make military operations more difficult . Plus there 's worry over possible political fallout , Jouejati said . The United States , for example , is in the middle of an election year . "  All seem to be waiting for a U.S. lead ... and as long as the U.S. does not lead , no other countries " will initiate , Jouejati said . What other options does the international community have to help end the slaughter in Syria ? "  If I were a diplomat , I 'd be less focused on sending 300 monitors and more focused on reaching a consensus with Russia and China , " Kaufman , the Notre Dame professor , said . Russia and China are the only members of of the U.N. Security Council that have repeatedly blocked attempts at formally condemning the Syrian regime . Both countries have said they want to focus on a Syrian resolution based on political dialogue , but many analysts say Russia and China have ulterior motives . Syria is one of the largest recipients of Russian military equipment , Jouejati said , and Russia leases a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartus , giving the Russian navy its only direct access to the Mediterranean . But the interests are n't just financial or geographical . "  Russia and China are both very fearful that the Security Council interferes with internal affairs of states , " Jouejati said . "  Russia has a problem with Chechnya , and China has a problem with Tibet . " But both Russia and China support the U.N. monitoring mission . And Syria 's failure to maintain a cease-fire could cause enough frustration to shift the political landscape . "  If any good news came out of this monitoring mission , it further exposed the Assad regime , " Jouejati said . "  This may dilute the Russian position . ... I think Russia is beginning to feel the embarrassment that the Syrian regime is causing . "	The U.N. monitoring mission was "  dead on arrival , " one analyst says U.N. officials : Syria is refusing monitors from "  Friends of Syria " countries Spokesman : There are reports that those who speak to monitors may face retaliation The head of the observer mission says all sides in the conflict must commit to peace
CNN  -- Giancarlo Stanton of the Miami Marlins -- a contender for the National League 's most valuable player award -- will apparently sit out the rest of the season after a pitched ball struck him in the face . The impact shattered bones and caused tooth damage , according to the team . The ball , thrown by Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Mike Fiers , hit Stanton during an at-bat in the fifth inning of Thursday night 's game in Milwaukee . It appeared to strike him on the left cheek , just below his eye . Stanton fell to the ground , bleeding , and was taken from the field on a stretcher . The team later said on Twitter he 'd suffered facial cuts , broken bones and tooth damage . Marlins manager Mike Redmond said Stanton would be out for the rest of the year . "  It 's devastating for us . Devastating , " he told reporters in a Fox Sports Florida video posted on the team 's website . "  I mean , for his season to end like that , that 's not good . " Fiers , who hit another player after Stanton -- sparking a bench-clearing altercation -- was apologetic on Twitter : Stanton , who has a .288 batting average , leads the National League with 37 home runs and 105 RBIs .	A pitch hits Giancarlo Stanton in the face Stanton has "  facial fractures & dental damage , " his team , the Miami Marlins , tweets Pitcher Mike Fiers tweets that he is " deeply sorry about what happened " Stanton has been frequently named as a contender for NL most valuable player
CNN  -- Whether you 're a domestic company or an international business , failure to comply with China 's strict Internet regulations risks having your online presence curtailed or shut down completely . This means being subjected to the so-called "  Great Firewall of China , " where websites , from newspaper portals to micro-blogging services , come under intense scrutiny from government censors who prohibit topics deemed unsuitable . "  Bottom line is that there 's a list of topics that domestic and international media based in China does n't allow discussions on , " said Doug Young , journalism professor at Fudan University in Shanghai and author of "  The Party Line : How The Media Dictates Public Opinion in Modern China . " Some of the most high-profile international Internet brands such Facebook and Twitter are blocked within China , and have been since massive protests in the country 's North-Western province Xinjiang in 2009 , when protesters used Facebook to organize demonstrations . Read more : Chinese journalists in rare protest against censorship YouTube , which is owned by Google , was also blocked in 2009 . It was speculated that the ban was caused by a video of Tibetans getting beaten up in connection with riots that took place in the province the year before , CNN reported at the time . Other companies , such as the search engine Yahoo! , have instead opted to co-operate with the authorities in order to stay on the local market . Yahoo! and several other tech companies came under fire in the U.S. in 2006 for providing the Chinese authorities with information about their users . Read more : Chinese newspaper in eye of censorship storm back on sale Major international news organizations have also been at the receiving end of China 's censors , frequently finding their services blocked when they report on issues seen as sensitive to the Chinese government . Both The New York Times ' and Bloomberg 's websites , for example , were blocked in recent months after publishing unflattering articles about the wealth accumulated by families of some senior Communist Party members . U.S. Search giant Google has also walked a rocky path in China ever since its Chinese-language interface site google.cn was launched in early 2006 , with several spats over Internet censorship erupting over the years . Read more : China blocks New York Times website after story on leader 's family wealth Initially , the company agreed to censor the content in accordance with Chinese Internet regulations . However , after a sophisticated cyber-attack on Google in 2009 that allegedly originated in China , Google decided that it would no longer abide by state censorship and redirected its traffic from mainland China to its uncensored site located in Hong Kong in 2010 . Despite having made a name for itself as being a company striving for greater online information access , Google was recently accused of succumbing to "  self-censorship " after the company removed a feature highlighting blocked content in its Chinese language search engine . The accusation came from GreatFire.org , an organization that monitors Internet freedom in China , who reported that Google 's feature was removed sometime between December 5 and 8 . Taj Meadows , a Policy Communications Manager at Google , confirmed that the feature was disabled around that time , but would n't comment further . Google did n't want to comment on the self-censorship accusations . While the feature was in place , it informed users when they put in a search term that might be blocked . When a sensitive query was entered , a message would appear : "  We 've observed that searching for -LSB- censored word -RSB- in mainland China may temporarily break your connection to Google . This interruption is outside Google 's control . " Launched in May , the feature was introduced in response to search problems faced by users in China . Some would report receiving messages such as "  This website is not available " or "  The connection was reset , " before access to Google was temporarily disabled , according to Google Search 's own official blog , Inside Search . The connection interruptions were "  closely correlated with searches for a particular subset of queries , " Alan Eustace , a Google Senior Vice President , wrote on Inside Search at the time of the launch of the feature . Several hundred thousand popular search queries in China were reviewed by engineers in the U.S. , who managed to identify specific problematic search terms . "  By prompting people to revise their queries , we hope to reduce these disruptions and improve our user experience from mainland China , " he said . When the feature was introduced , Foreign Policy , a magazine on global politics and economics owned by the Washington Post Company , wrote in their online edition that "  what Google executives wo n't discuss -- at least publicly -- is the obvious fact that they are exposing the Chinese government 's censorship tactics in an unprecedented way . " Read more : Chinese censors block news on blind activist 's escape The Chinese authorities received the warning-function with little enthusiasm , taking measures to block the feature within 24 hours of its launch , according to Greatfire.org . "  Google in turn reacted by changing the URL of this file , which again was blocked . The cat and mouse game ended ... when Google geniously embedded the whole function in the HTML of its start page , " GreatFire.org reported . The efforts from the Chinese side to block the feature caused such disruption in the search engine that it worsened the user experience , which is why the feature was finally removed , according to an Internet expert familiar with the situation . Martin Johnson , founder of GreatFire.org and FreeWeibo.org , said Google managed to embed the coding of the feature on its front page in such a way that the authorities could n't remove it by anything less than a complete block of Google . "  The removal of the feature suggests that -LSB- Google -RSB- gave in to demands from the authorities , perhaps under threats that they would be completely blocked otherwise ... There are many more things they could do , like forwarding users to the HTTPS version of their search engine , which would make it impossible for the authorities to block individual keywords , " Johnson said , adding that recent events has lowered the expectations of Google 's ability to push the boundaries in China . Doug Young at Fudan University , however , points out that Google is a company committed to free information search , and believes that it 's more likely that the feature would have been deleted due to technical difficulties . "  They -LSB- the government -RSB- do n't want to block Google entirely , but they still do what they can to make the user experience as horrible as possible , " Young said . Internet users in China are aware of that their searches are being filtered and censored in different ways , he added , "  we 're only hurting ourselves by adding extra technology that the government can use to slow down the search engine . "	Companies based in China must comply with strict internet regulations , or be blocked online Many international social media platforms like Facebook and YouTube are blocked in China Google moved its Chinese search engine to Hong Kong in 2010 , to avoid censorship Google recently removed a censorship-warning feature from its Chinese search engine
CNN  -- Critics and a growing number of fans call Richard Lange an up-and-coming name in crime fiction , but do n't tell him that . "  I do n't even call myself a crime writer , " Lange recently said . "  I 'll take the title but I would call myself more of a grime writer because my novels always seem to end up on the grimy end of the spectrum . " The award-winning author 's new noir novel , "  Angel Baby , " is hitting stores this week . The story is set in the criminal underworld of Tijuana and Southern California , but to Lange , it 's more than just another crime tale -- it 's a way to explore how humans interact . "  Angel Baby " is intense , extreme and definitely grimy and readers will find that 's a good thing . In the book , Luz , the trophy wife of a vicious drug lord called "  El Principe " goes on the run from her prisoner-like life in Tijuana . She steals a gun and a pile of cash from her husband and flees for the border , hoping to sneak into the United States and find the daughter she left behind years ago . Along the way , she gets help from an alcoholic ex-surfer , all while a crooked border patrol officer and a scary hit man nicknamed "  El Apache " try to track her down . The story is thrilling and cinematic , told as one long chase scene . Lange says that 's by design , "  I wanted to tell this compelling tale , a chase , that begins in chapter one and carries readers along with it to the final page . " Beyond the basic plot , Lange inhabits his novel 's characters . There 's no pure black and white to them , only varying and unexpected shades of gray . Must-read books for May "  Even the worst characters in the book , the villains and the bad guys , I always try and give them some human element that makes them recognizable to people . You might not agree with their motivations but I try to make the reader understand them , " Lange said . Lange compares his writing process to that of an actor , working out a backstory , delving into psychological motivations so each character can develop a voice . "  If you 've done a good enough job they will surprise you , " he said , "  and if it surprises you , it will surprise the reader . " Readers will also enjoy Lange 's dangerous and desperate portrayal of Tijuana , what he lovingly describes as "  a wild west town . " The dichotomy of a former tourist hot spot was part of what sparked him to write the book . "  It 's possibly the quintessential border town . There 's smuggling going on there , both human and drugs . There 's a sense of lawlessness , " Lange said . "  What fascinated me was here you have all this poverty and then right across the border you can actually see these nice new subdivisions going up on the hills on the American side overlooking Tijuana . I had this idea of these people sort of trapped there . It just seemed a very rich terrain . " This is only his third published book -- his second novel -- and he believes he can only get better . "  In a way every novel is a failed project because it never lives up to what 's in your head . You can never get everything down on paper , " he said . Novelist loses a dog , finds a heroine in ` Suspect ' Lange is a 2009 winner of a Guggenheim fellowship , a former magazine editor turned full-time writer . He 's a fan of writers as diverse as Elmore Leonard and Raymond Carver . He 's also a self-described adrenaline junkie and a long time Los Angeles resident . He loves his hometown , calling it a wild place to live , with a very real air of danger . "  I saw a guy get shot two blocks from my house last year . I was out eating at a pizza parlor and across the street we hear POW , POW , POW , ` Look out ! ' It was a gang shooting , two guys in hoodies go running up the street and a guy was dead on the sidewalk , " he said . Despite the danger , Lange said he could n't live anywhere else . He 's already hard at work on his next novel , also set in the criminal underworld . It 's only in the early stages but it 's the story of a con man . Become a ` Mastermind ' with Sherlock Holmes ' help Lange said he 's enjoying his new fans and all the critical praise . "  I 'm extremely happy about any accolades I get because the book business is extremely hard right now , so every little bit helps , " he said . Lange is also "  taking meetings " with people from Hollywood about possible future film or television projects , but adds , "  I do n't let my head get too swollen with dreams of Hollywood glamor . My bread and butter are the books . That 's what I most enjoy . " Crime fiction fans will enjoy "  Angel Baby " for now and fans can look forward to more of Lange 's "  grime " in the future . "  I do n't even know if I 'm a success yet , " he said , "  but I 'm a contender . I 'm in there . " Read the first three chapters of "  Angel Baby " on Facebook	"  Angel Baby , " a new book by author Richard Lange , debuts this week The book follows a woman on the hunt for the daughter she left behind It 's written like a long chase , from Tijuana to the U.S. border Lange : "  My novels always seem to end up on the grimy end of the spectrum "
London  CNN  -- A jury in the case of two former personal assistants accused of defrauding celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi was sent out Thursday but has not yet reached a verdict . Francesca Grillo is accused of defrauding Lawson and Saatchi of 580,000 pounds  $ 950,000  , and Elisabetta Grillo is accused of defrauding them of 105,000 pounds  $ 172,000  . They deny the charges . The jury was sent home for the night and will resume deliberations Friday . One of the defendants was not in the dock at the end of deliberations Thursday because "  she is not feeling well , " the judge said . The Italian sisters have told Isleworth Crown Court in west London that Lawson authorized their personal expenditures on Saatchi 's company credit cards , including on designer shoes , clothes and trips abroad . Their respective defense lawyers said in their closing arguments Thursday that the prosecution 's claims had not been proved . They also argued that for the jury to return a guilty verdict , it would have to be sure that Lawson did not authorize the sisters ' spending either explicitly or implicitly . Both defense lawyers questioned Lawson 's credibility as a witness and said their clients ' claims that she repeatedly used drugs were relevant to that issue . Elisabetta Grillo 's defense lawyer , Anthony Metzer , told the jury that his client was the "  soft underbelly " by which Saatchi was attacking Lawson after the breakdown of their relationship . The couple divorced this year . Karina Arden , representing Francesca Grillo , said her client had made no attempt to hide her spending , so it was impossible for Lawson to say she was ignorant of it . The case has gripped UK media , thanks to revelations of drug use by Lawson and intimate insights into her troubled marriage to Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . Jane Carpenter , giving the prosecution 's closing argument in the case , said Thursday that the sisters had abused their position "  time and time again " and that they "  grew bolder and greedier " as time went by . "  Just because Saatchi is a wealthy man , obviously it does n't mean he should be defrauded by the staff , " Carpenter said . "  That seems to be what the defense are putting forward . " She urged the jury to find both sisters guilty . In her own testimony , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times , during two periods of her life , and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user . The court heard that none of the witnesses had seen her take drugs . Lawson , whose culinary skills and flirtatious manner have long entranced UK audiences , has also appeared as a judge on the ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January .	NEW : The jury in the trial of Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo will continue deliberations Friday The Italian sisters deny embezzling money from their former employers At the trial , they alleged repeated drug use by celebrity chef Nigella Lawson The prosecution says the sisters abused their position by buying luxury goods for themselves
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton on Saturday will officially suspend her campaign for the presidency and "  express her support for Senator Obama and party unity , " her campaign said Wednesday . Sen. Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that she will let her supporters and party leaders decide her course . The Clinton campaign said she will make the announcement at "  an event in Washington , D.C. , " where she will also thank her supporters . Sen. Barack Obama and Clinton were in Washington on Wednesday to each address the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee . The candidates ran into each other at the AIPAC conference and had a brief chat , Obama spokeswoman Linda Douglass said . "  She 's an extraordinary leader of the Democratic Party and has made history alongside me over the last 16 months . I 'm very proud to have competed against her , " Obama told the Israel lobbying group . Obama became his party 's presumptive nominee Tuesday and will be looking to unite Democrats divided by the long and contentious primary season . "  I am very confident how unified the Democratic Party is going to be to win in November , " he said in a Senate hallway Wednesday . iReport.com : Obama/Clinton -- dream team or nightmare ? Some say that putting Clinton on the ticket might fit the bill for uniting Democrats . Clinton lavished her opponent with praise Tuesday , saying he ran an "  extraordinary race " and made politics more palatable for many . Watch how the primary played out " Prominent Clinton backer Rep. Charles Rangel , D-New York , thinks the New York senator could have been "  far more generous " during her speech Tuesday night after it was clear that Obama had clinched the Democratic nomination . Rangel , the senior member of the New York congressional delegation and an early supporter of Clinton 's presidential campaign , said Wednesday that Clinton should have been more clear about what her plans are . "  I would agree that after the math was in before her speech , that she could have been far more generous in terms of being more specific and saying that she wants a Democratic victory , " Rangel said on MSNBC . "  I do n't see what they 're talking about in prolonging this , " Rangel added . "  There 's nothing to prolong if you 're not going to take the fight to the convention floor . ... I do n't know why she could not have been more open in terms of doing up front what she intends to do later . " But with some Democrats clamoring for her to join Obama on the ticket , and with the Democratic National Convention -- and thus , the official anointment -- still more than two months out , the senator from New York gave no hint as to her plans . See VP prospects ' pros , cons " She again invoked the popular vote , saying she snared "  more votes than any primary candidate in history , " but primaries come down to delegates , and according to CNN calculations , Obama has her beaten , 2,156 to 1,923 . Even the White House seemed convinced of Obama 's victory . White House press secretary Dana Perino said Wednesday that President Bush congratulated Obama on becoming the first black nominee from a major party . She said his win shows that the United States "  has come a long way . " Clinton vowed to keep fighting for an end to the war in Iraq , for universal health care , for a stronger economy and better energy policy , but she did n't indicate in what capacity she would wage these battles . That , she said , would be up to her supporters and the party brass . See what lies in store this fall " The party 's best interests were high on the minds of party leaders Wednesday , as Sen. Harry Reid , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin and DNC Chairman Howard Dean called on Democrats to focus on the general election . "  To that end , we are urging all remaining uncommitted superdelegates to make their decisions known by Friday of this week so that our party can stand united and begin our march toward reversing the eight years of failed Bush/McCain policies that have weakened our country , " said a statement from the four . Billionaire businessman Bob Johnson , a close Clinton adviser and friend , said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday that Obama could best forge party unity by offering Clinton the vice presidential slot . A day after the final two primaries in South Dakota and Montana , Johnson sent a letter to House Majority Whip James Clyburn to lobby the Congressional Black Caucus to endorse Clinton as Obama 's running mate . Saying Clinton would "  entertain the idea if it 's offered , " Johnson said , "  This is Sen. Obama 's decision . If the Congress members can come together and agree as I do that it would be in the best interest of the party to have Sen. Clinton on the ticket , they carry that petition to Sen. Obama . " Watch how the world reacted to Obama 's win " "  This is not a pressure . This is elected officials giving their best judgment , " said Johnson , the founder of Black Entertainment Television . Johnson 's letter to Clyburn says , "  You know as well as I the deep affection that millions of African-Americans hold for both Senator Clinton and President Clinton . " It continues , "  But most important , we need to have the certainty of winning ; and , I believe , without question , that Barack Obama as president and Hillary Clinton as vice president bring that certainty to the ticket . " Watch Johnson urge Obama to pick Clinton " Johnson is one of many influential Clinton supporters who have raised the prospect of her joining Obama on the ticket . They say she has solid credentials and wide appeal , exemplified by her popular support in states such as Pennsylvania and Ohio , which will be crucial to a Democratic victory in the fall . Obama and Clinton spoke by phone for a few minutes Wednesday . He told her he wants to "  sit down when it makes sense " for her , said Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs . Clinton said that would happen soon , Gibbs said , but he also said Obama did not raise the issue of the vice presidency . Clinton campaign Chairman Terry McAuliffe confirmed that there had been "  absolutely zero discussions " on the matter . The Clinton campaign issued a statement saying she was open to becoming vice president . "  She would do whatever she could to ensure that Democrats take the White House back and defeat John McCain , " the statement said . CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton will suspend presidential campaign Saturday , sources say Obama , Clinton spoke by phone Wednesday , but VP slot was not discussed Rangel says Clinton could 've been "  far more generous " on Tuesday night Obama says he 's "  very confident " he can unite Democrats by November
A wave of violence swept across Iraq on Friday , resulting in at least 38 deaths , police said . Most of the casualties occurred in Sunni towns and cities , according to police in Baquba , Ramadi , Mosul , Samarra , Kirkuk and Tikrit .  The deadliest attack occurred about 105 miles  170 kilometers  north of Baghdad in Anjana , where a suicide bomber drove a truck loaded with explosives into federal police headquarters , police officials in Tikrit and Baquba said . Officers were among the 14 people who were killed and 18 others wounded , the officials said .  In al-Dibis , about 186 miles  300 kilometers  north of Baghdad , at least two people were killed and 28 others wounded when two car bombs exploded near where people in the streets were celebrating Nowruz , a Persian new year festival marking the arrival of spring , police officials in Kirkuk said .  At least six people were killed and 40 others wounded when a suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest among dozens of mourners attending a funeral inside a building in central Ramadi , about 62 miles  100 kilometers  west of Baghdad , police officials said . The funeral was for a leader of a local Awakening Council who had been killed Thursday when a roadside bomb exploded near his car , also in Ramadi . As mourners gathered in the aftermath of Friday 's attack , another suicide bomber detonated a bomb , resulting in dozens more casualties , police said without providing specifics . Awakening Councils , also known as the Sons of Iraq and Sahawat , are composed primarily of Sunni Arab fighters who turned against al Qaeda in late 2006 . The U.S.-backed movement is credited with having contributed to a drop in violence across Iraq , but council members have become targets for remaining jihadists . Ramadi is a predominantly Sunni city in Anbar province that has seen intense fighting between Sunni extremists and Iraqi security forces aligned with tribesmen since the beginning of this year .  At a military base in eastern Mosul , about 260 miles  420 kilometers  north of the capital , a suicide bomber drove a car loaded with explosives into a security checkpoint . Four people were killed , three of them Iraqi soldiers , and nine others wounded , including five soldiers , police said .  In Samarra , 62 miles  100 kilometers  north of Baghdad , men attacked a police headquarters with guns , hand grenades and rocket-propelled grenades , killing eight police officers and wounding 13 others , police officials in Samarra and Tikrit said .  In Baiji , about 124 miles  200 kilometers  north of Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded near a convoy that included a police commander , Col. Ahmed Saleh , killing him and two other officers and wounding another , police said . The attacks came a day after the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad noted that hundreds of Iraqis , including women and children , have been killed or wounded in recent weeks "  by terrorists who pursue their goals through the senseless slaughter of the innocent . "	Most of the attacks occurred in Sunni towns and cities , police say The deadliest was in Anjana , where a suicide bomber killed at least 14 people A funeral was the site of another bombing
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Either Justin Bieber is having a wild time on his South American tour or media reports of the 19-year-old singer 's antics are off the mark . Many reports barely rise above the gossip threshold , but they echo throughout the tabloids and mainstream media . What you should believe -- and why you should care -- is a raging debate online with Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and beyond . "  My truth is in the music , " Bieber said in a message to his 46 million Twitter followers this week . It was posted the same day his newest single , "  Bad Day , " released . Journalists know very little about what goes on in Bieber 's private life . He is constantly surrounded by bodyguards and his representatives consistently refuse to confirm , deny or comment on any reports that surface . But that does not limit speculation , much of it based on paparazzi photos and video of the teen 's comings and goings . The New York Post 's "  Page Six " column published several photos last weekend that the newspaper said implied the singer was enjoying the services of Brazil 's legal prostitutes while on his South America tour . One photo showed a man walking out of a Rio de Janerio brothel under a blanket and surrounded by bodyguards . No face is visible , but the Post says Bieber could be identified by "  his gray wraparound wrist tattoo , which is visible in some photos , and his signature sneakers . " Another photo shows two women in a vehicle that the newspaper said took them from the brothel to the hotel where Bieber was staying . Minions carry Justin Bieber up Great Wall of China Belieber Rorschach test The media frenzy over Bieber 's alleged sexcapades grew after a video appeared on YouTube on Wednesday that apparently was recorded by a young woman excited about her quiet time with the entertainer . The 15-second clip does not show Bieber doing anything scandalous . He 's just sleeping . The tattoos on his arms , the earring , his baby face , short blond hair and red ball cap are all familiar identifiers . The woman pans the camera to reveal Bieber sleeping under a blanket , then points it at herself while flashing a big grin . It ends with her blowing a kiss toward him . The video is something of a Rorschach test to diagnose if you are a "  Belieber , " the term used for Bieber 's diehard fans . They always believe the best of their idol . But un-Beliebers suggested the woman was one of the two females who left with Bieber from the brothel , although they have no way of connecting her to that night . "  He did n't sleep with her , " one Belieber said in one of the 7,300 comments posted under the YouTube video . "  Justin brought girls back home and he threw a small party . Chicken nuggets , Doritos , a pool table etc. , etc. " She offered more details , though she did n't reveal how she would know anything about Bieber 's actions . "  The girls got their phone confiscated so they would n't take pictures , " the fan wrote . "  Obviously , because he wanted to have fun without any media around . But when all the girls left , they got their phone back . So did this girl . When this girl got her phone back she sneaked in and filmed him while sleeping . Explains why the video was so short . " Bieber : "  Just got ta know your truth " The truth is -- we do n't know the truth . We do know that Justin Bieber is at what can be an awkward point in a teenage idol 's career . He 's months away from no longer being a teenager . Making the transition from kid to adult is tough enough , but Bieber has the world watching . Chasing Bieber is a popular , lucrative and dangerous sport for paparazzi . It has led several times to traffic citations for both the singer and the photographers . Punches have allegedly been thrown during confrontations . Bieber -- unlike some other teen stars -- has managed to stay out of criminal court , although he has been accused and investigated . His hit songs keep coming . His concerts sell out . And the world ca n't divert its eyes away from him . "  Ca n't believe or dwell on the bs . Just got ta know your truth . U ca n't bring us down , " Bieber told fans in a Tuesday tweet . Germany asks Justin Bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey	Many reports on Justin Bieber barely rise above the gossip threshold "  My truth is in the music , " Bieber says Newly emerged mystery video shows Bieber sleeping "  Ca n't believe or dwell on the bs , " the singer tweets
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Laura Zych never liked birds . Ben Bostic feared drowning . They faced their fears when US Airways Flight 1549 hit a flock of geese and crash-landed in the Hudson River . They were strangers on January 15 , 2009 , when they boarded the fateful flight that would become known as the "  Miracle on the Hudson . " A year later , they 're in love . "  The first time people meet you , they want to hear the sensational part " of the crash , says Ben , 39 . He prefers to talk about something different : "  I met this wonderful girl because of what we went through that day . " Laura , 31 , looks at him , batting her model-like lashes , and smiles . "  We do n't dwell on what happened to us in the crash , " she says . "  It 's more so on the experiences and lessons that we 've taken from it . " ` Is this really happening ? ' A buyer for Belk department stores , Laura was in New York for the fashion market . With the nation in the thick of recession , she scooped up bargains for herself . She carried her trendy purchases through the airport that day on her return home to Charlotte , North Carolina . Wearing a sweater dress , tights and boots , the woman with stylish sandy brown curls was getting a bite to eat when a group of guys asked if she was a model . "  No , " she said . "  But I am in the fashion industry . " She was traveling with five Belk co-workers . Waiting to board , she fired off e-mails and thought little of the flight home or those around her . Ben -- who was in New York for a quick business trip for Lending Tree -- caught a glimpse of the 5-foot , 10-inch knockout near the gate . Later , when they boarded , he noticed her again , coming down the aisle . "  The first thought I had was it 'll be cool if she sits beside me . " He was in 20A , a window seat on the left side of the plane . She sat down three rows in front of him , in 17D , on the aisle . It was one of those fleeting moments every single person knows : You see an intriguing stranger , hope for the best , then move on . Ben picked up a book and began reading . Laura , who did n't notice Ben , thumbed through a Glamour magazine . At the helm of the Airbus A320 was Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , a 57-year-old former Air Force fighter jet pilot . He 'd been flying for four decades , for US Airways since 1980 . His expertise was about to mean everything . About 90 seconds into the flight , the plane -- traveling at 250 mph and carrying 150 passengers and five crew -- struck a flock of geese . Some passengers described hearing a series of loud thumps . "  One lady screamed , " Ben recalls . He looked out the window . "  The whole back of the engine was pretty much engulfed in flames , just shooting out of the back , " he says . He thought : "  This is n't good . " The plane banked to the left . The smell of burning geese , feathers and flames wafted through the cabin . With neither engine working , a silence fell over the jet as it glided through the skies . People began whispering . Some thought they were going back to LaGuardia . Sullenberger came over the speaker system . "  Brace for impact , " he said . "  The most harrowing thing I 'd ever heard in my life , " Ben recalls . "  I thought for a second : Is this really it ? Am I going to die ? " Three rows in front of him , Laura thought about calling her family . She decided against it . If I die , what a depressing message that would be to leave on a message machine , she thought . And what would she say if they did answer ? "  Guess what ? In 60 seconds , you 're not going to be talking to me any more . " She crouched down , prepared for impact . "  Is this really happening ? " Fear of birds and drowning Laura grew up on a farm in Minnesota and had lived in Fargo , North Dakota , for the past 12 years . She 'd jumped at the chance to take on a bigger role with Belk in Charlotte . But her focus on career meant there was n't much time for relationships while jet-setting around for work . Ben was a Carolina native , and he also poured his energy into work . The software developer at Lending Tree was divorced with no children . Nearing 40 , he found his career rewarding , yet felt something was missing . Both had fears that stemmed from their youths . Her bird phobia was rooted in days on the farm , where her grandmother kept chickens . Once , a bird pooped on Laura 's shoulder , sending her into tears . As she got older , her disdain for birds grew . When she traveled to New York on business , the abundance of pigeons sometimes terrified her . Ben 's fear -- of drowning -- went back to an experience he had when he was 8 . On a beach outing with his family , his raft drifted out from shore and then flipped over . He scrambled to try to get back on , but kept falling back into the sea . He never relished the water again . ` We connected ' As the plane glided silently through the air , Ben peeked out the window every once in a while . He could see they were headed straight toward water . "  Just make it quick so I do n't have to suffer , " he thought . The Airbus splashed into the frigid waters of the Hudson River . The clank of seatbelts unbuckling rattled inside the plane . Water lapped at Laura 's leather boots . She grabbed her wallet and her cell phone with a GPS tracking device . It 'll be easier for rescuers to find my body and identify me , she thought . She exited to the left and onto a wing . While bobbing up and down there , she called her father . "  Dad , this is Laura . I 've been in a plane crash . " When things calmed down and she knew she would be rescued , she found comic relief in what brought the plane down . "  You do realize my fear of birds is justified , " she told her parents . "  OK , we 'll give you that one , " they responded . Inside the plane , a bottleneck of passengers blocked some exits . A flight attendant in first class waved passengers to the front . Ben climbed over the seats . At the door , he looked out and saw water all around . Clutching tight to his seat cushion , he jumped into a raft . With survivors packed in like sardines , he worried the raft might tip . Later , safe on shore , Ben 's colleagues who were also on the flight saluted life and told him : You know what we 'd be doing tonight if we were single ! Ben thought about the woman with the long legs and curly hair . He wondered what happened to her . From Facebook friends to dating A bottle of Maker 's Mark bourbon helped ease Ben 's charter flight home to Charlotte that night . In the media blitz that followed , Laura noticed Ben for the first time on television . They became Facebook friends . Flight 1549 survivors -- whose stories were compiled in the book "  Miracle on the Hudson , " published late last year -- formed support groups . They considered "  Sully " their hero , each other family . Six months after the crash , when about 20 survivors and their families gathered at a home near Charlotte , Ben and Laura met in person for the first time . "  I was checking you out on the plane , " he told her . They went clubbing with a third survivor that night . Then the two stayed up talking until 6 in the morning . They shared secrets , their views on life 's opportunities . "  We connected , " Laura says . They took it slow at first . Neither was looking for a relationship . "  We were family , " Ben says , "  and we did n't want to ruin that aspect of it . " Eventually , sparks lit . Despite their bond , the last year has had its difficulties . They wonder why they survived when , a month later , all 50 people aboard a Buffalo commuter jet died . Both have sought counseling . They take anti-anxiety medication to ease air travel . Ben never sits at a window seat . Weeks after the flight , the airline returned salvaged personal belongings to survivors . Laura received a white envelope , labeled with a number . Inside was her waterlogged Glamour magazine . "  It put me back in that seat , " she says , tears in her eyes . Four other boxes of returned items sit unopened in a spare bedroom . She does n't know whether to throw them out or save them . "  Things in there must not be that important , " she says . "  All the priorities were reset after January 15 . " Her relationship with Ben , she says , is another "  positive outcome " from that day . "  We kind of pick each other up if we start to slip , " Ben says . "  What 's better than smiling and laughing and love ? " They 're speaking about their relationship , Laura says , because too much news dwells on the negative . Their message is the opposite . "  Think about how you want to write today 's page , " Ben says . "  Live , laugh , love and dance like tomorrow 's not guaranteed . "	Laura Zych and Ben Bostic had never met before the "  Miracle on Hudson " flight They began dating after meeting in person six months after the plane crash Their motto : Live in the moment , laugh , love All 155 people aboard US Airways Flight 1549 survived the January 15 , 2009 , crash
CNN  -- In the wake of the Japanese prime minister 's visit to Yasukuni shrine last week , Japan 's struggles to move forward from its wartime past are back in the headlines . Commentators decry that Shinzo Abe 's visit will increase tensions in East Asia . They are right : this gesture will curdle Japan 's already sour relations with South Korea or China , and indeed has already provoked the predictable outcry . But Yasukuni visits are a symptom , not the main cause , of Japan 's poor relations with its neighbors . A country 's commemoration is a vital part of its national identity , but depending on their political agendas , leaders constantly manipulate and negotiate national remembrance . Countries often glorify their own past , while vilifying their rivals ' behavior and ignoring their suffering . One country 's heroes are another 's villains  $ " as seen , for example , in the Palestinian decision to name a square after Dalal Mughrabi , a young woman who carried out the deadliest terror attack in Israel 's history , killing 13 children among the 38 dead . This decision outraged Israelis ; an adviser to the prime minister said it represented the "  glorification of murderers " and was another example of "  incitement of hatred and violence against Jews and Israel . " On the other hand , for countries seeking reconciliation , leaders understand that they must avoid commemoration that antagonizes their partner . So , they look for inclusive , rather than alienating , ways to remember their heroes and history . Thus when the Poles and Germans commemorated the past , they mourned together at Krzyzowa , a site associated with the German resistance , which emphasized German honor rather than brutality . The French and West German leaders in 1984 clasped hands together at Verdun  the site of the bloody World War I battle where both countries experienced monumental losses  . Later , French and German leaders , alongside their American , British and Russian counterparts , bowed their heads together at Normandy . Furthermore , reconciliation between the British and Irish was also reflected in and reinforced by commemoration . Last month in Belgium , leaders from the two countries , once bitter enemies , together paid respects to British and Irish who perished in the First World War . All these countries adopted unifying rather than divisive themes in their commemoration , because they perceived reconciliation to be a vital interest . In East Asia , a mix of domestic politics and strategic conditions are pushing in the opposite direction . China and Japan are struggling to define the rules of a region in which they are now both great powers . Tokyo resents and worries about Chinese air and naval incursions into the East China Sea , where the two countries dispute ownership of an island chain  known as Senkaku in Japan , Diaoyu in China  . The Chinese see similar menace in Japan 's efforts to control the islands . The Chinese also fear Shinzo Abe 's desire to increase patriotic nationalism and to revise Japan 's "  peace constitution " to permit greater military assertiveness . As for South Korea , one might think that the rise of Chinese power would push Seoul closer to Tokyo , particularly since the two countries share an ally in the United States . But so far this has not been the case ; Seoul enjoys excellent relations with Beijing , and has shown a strong tendency toward hedging between East Asia 's great powers . Indeed , national remembrance in East Asia reflects that reconciliation is not a priority . In Tokyo , Abe 's decision to visit Yasukuni was a clear choice to cater to a powerful conservative domestic political base , and to reinforce his "  patriotic " agenda . Yasukuni enshrines among its 2 million souls 14 war criminals , and features a museum that whitewashes Japan 's past aggression . With his visit , Abe has demonstrated that he sees nationalism -- a vital part of domestic mobilization against security threats $ " as more important than conciliation toward Seoul or Beijing . For their part , China and South Korea also remember the past in ways antagonistic to Japan . China 's memory of the Nanjing massacre  $ " such as at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall -- depicts the Japanese as rapacious and incurably prone to aggression . Of course , the Chinese suffered terribly at the hands of the Japanese , and the Nanjing Massacre is a horrific blight on human history . Yet the Poles were no less wounded by the Germans , and they have chosen to reconcile with their former tormentors . Similarly , in a controversy similar to the one over Dalal Mughrabi Square , Chinese and South Koreans have recently decided to build a statue in Harbin , China , to honor a man who assassinated a Japanese leader there . In 1909 , Ahn Jung-geun shot Ito Hirobumi , a highly decorated , four-time Japanese prime minister and resident-general of Japanese-occupied Korea . South Korean soccer fans have also unfurled massive banners of Ahn at matches against the Japanese national team . Outraged , Tokyo calls Ahn a criminal . Some have likened the statue in Harbin to building a statue to Lee Harvey Oswald in Dallas . Commemoration is not the root cause of poor relations in Northeast Asia ; it is a window to just how distant relations are there . Instead of looking for ways to honor and show respect for one another 's heroes and history , they remember in ways that humiliate and antagonize . Sadly , as long as prevailing strategic trends continue , we are likely to see more of the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Lind .	Jennifer Lind : Visit by Japan 's prime minister to war shrine provoked objections from China She says history can be used by leaders to encourage reconciliation or to humiliate and antagonize Many factors lie behind the tension between Japan and China , she says Several European countries have shown how joint commemorations can advance harmony , she says
CNN  -- At 9:40 a.m. on December 14 , America 's attention was turned to Newtown , Connecticut , where 20 children and six adults were gunned down in an elementary school . The nation was grief-stricken . President Barack Obama arrived two days later operating as consoler-in-chief , and the dialogue immediately commenced on what steps should be taken to prevent another Newtown . Shortly after 9 p.m. on December 27 , Chicago police found the body of Nathaniel T. Jackson outside a convenience store , marking the 500th homicide of the year in the Windy City , most of them due to gun violence . As far as I know , no pictures of Jackson were shown on national TV . Flowers and teddy bears did n't populate the scene . His death has largely been ignored by the national media , except for the basic acknowledgment that he represented the city 's 500th homicide . Think about this for a moment . Our world stopped in the wake of the Newtown massacre , and rightfully so . Those killed , including the gunman 's mother , were innocent victims , gunned down by a madman . But in Chicago alone , residents have experienced the equivalent of 19 Newtowns this year . And we move about our daily lives as if Jackson 's murder does n't mean a thing . It is because of this that I 've been angered to watch TV , listen to radio and follow these senseless , emotional and one-dimensional debates about gun control in the United States . Newtown and Aurora and Chicago did n't happen just because of guns . There were conditions that preceded these heinous acts that deserve our attention . Instead , the tragedy has allowed the usual suspects to declaim from one side or the other . It 's either pro-Second Amendment or restrict guns . Very little else has broken through to put this gun violence epidemic into the proper context . Opinion : Freedom Group , a gunmaker ripe for an ethical takeover Dr. Cornel West and Rush Limbaugh sounded stunningly similar notes by suggesting that because the victims of other gun violence did n't look like the Newtown victims , the national media essentially did n't care . I personally know West has tried to address the issue ; nothing tells me Limbaugh really cares other than to score a point against "  the liberal media . " That 's a reasonable issue to confront and analyze , but it 's not the only one . Mental illness has been discussed , but it has been a distant second to the loud voices championing a ban on assault weapons , background checks or closing gun show loopholes . Very few media sources have done extensive reporting on mental illness budgets in their cities and states . Yet we ca n't examine Newtown without dealing with "  stand your ground " laws in Florida and other states . We ca n't say reinstate the assault weapons ban and not talk about whether strict gun control laws actually work . The gun violence issue is multilayered . Access to guns is one thing ; what we do with guns is another . We take solace in the FBI saying overall crime is down , but according to GunPolicy.org , 14,159 people were victims of homicide in 2010 . It is true that most people who possess guns do n't go around shooting people . But the thousands of homicides due to guns should be alarming to anyone , even the most ardent Second Amendment advocate . Opinion : Our dad did n't let evil get the last word If we are going to keep saying , "  let 's have a conversation , " then by God let 's do it . Right now , we are seeing advocates against guns and for guns try to score points and demonize one another . That 's not a conversation . It 's an exercise in futility . Issues such as education , poverty , income disparities , anger , violent video games and images , and many others must be looked at if we want to come to grips with America 's deadly infatuation with guns . Again , not everything is a direct cause . But any psychologist will tell you that a variety of factors lead to someone killing one person or 20 . For my media brothers and sisters , we have done a weak job at making this conversation broad and in-depth . We ca n't give it short shrift and think that a seven-minute panel will do the trick . We ca n't put so much attention on Newtown and ignore Chicago . It 's not just about what happens in Washington , but also in state houses , commissioners ' courts and city halls across the land . If we continue at this rate , Newtown will be an afterthought , thus becoming another missed opportunity to address a major epidemic in America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Hundreds of people have been killed by guns this year in Chicago , says Roland Martin But Newtown , Aurora and Chicago did n't happen just because of guns , he says We must deal with "  stand your ground " laws in Florida and other states , he says Issues such as education , poverty and anger must also be dealt with , he says
Jay Carney is stepping down as White House press secretary , President Barack Obama announced on Friday . Obama said Carney told him of his decision in April , and Carney later said he plans to leave the position in mid-June . The President announced that deputy press secretary Josh Earnest will step into the role . Obama considers Carney "  one of my closest friends . " "  He 's got good judgment . He has good temperament and he 's got a good heart , and I will miss him a lot , " Obama said . Carney previously spent 21 years in journalism , including a stint as Washington bureau chief for Time magazine , and Obama noted that he went from one of those asking the questions to the person behind the podium in the White House briefing room . He is Obama 's second press secretary during the more than five years of his presidency . Carney took over in 2011 when Robert Gibbs stepped down , and has been Obama 's chief spokesman through budget battles with Congress , the 2012 reelection , the rocky Obamacare rollout , the controversy over the Benghazi terror attack , the Edward Snowden NSA leaks , and now the scandal engulfing the Veterans Affairs Department . "  It 's been an amazing experience , " Carney told reporters . "  In midlife you do n't often make a whole new set of friends , and not just friends , but people you would fight by and for under any circumstances and that 's certainly what I have been lucky enough to get over these past five and a half years , " he said . Carney said that he 's had discussions about what 's next for him but has n't made any firm decisions . He was a former director of communications for Vice President Joe Biden before ascending to the White House job he has now . Carney 's married to journalist Claire Shipman , a senior correspondent for ABC News . As for Carney 's successor , Obama called Earnest a "  straight shooter and a great guy . " He said their history dates to the 2008 Iowa caucus , where Earnest served as Obama 's communication 's director in the Hawkeye State . "  As you know , his name describes his demeanor , " the President said of Earnest . Shinseki resigns , but will that improve things at VA hospitals ?	Carney is the second press secretary for President Obama Josh Earnest will replace Carney at the White House briefing room podium Obama said that Carney ` is one of my closest friends '
Washington  CNN  -- The dangerous roads of Iraq and Afghanistan have forced changes in what soldiers drive , and forced costs up as well , according to a just-released report on Army vehicles . The former military workhorse , the Humvee , carried a $ 70,000 price tag . As that was modified , or "  up-armored , " the cost rose to from $ 160,000 to $ 220,000 . "  This modern Up-Armored HMMWV  UAH  , however , still does not fully meet the evolving mobility or protection requirements of our soldiers , " according to the report , released by the Army Thursday . It looks ahead to future needs for tactical wheeled vehicles . The next generation , JLTV , the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle , has new capabilities and a higher price but is still far cheaper than , MRAPs , Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles , developed to counter hidden explosive devices , the report notes . "  The cost to provide this capability is high -- it is estimated that each JLTV will cost in excess of $ 300,000 before equipping with essential combat systems -- but not as high as the cost of the MRAP family of vehicles , which cost $ 430,000 - $ 900,000 apiece to procure , " the report says . The Army estimates that its wheeled vehicles right now cost $ 70 billion . "  To meet the threat on today 's battlefields , trucks must now be armored , have the additional capacity and power to carry that armor , and be outfitted with a wide variety of command , control , communications and computers , and intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance equipment , " the report says . But the report also recognizes that budgets may be contracting . "  The Army is also on the downward side of a phase of increased funding to support fleet growth and modernization , " the report says . "  As a result , the Army of the next 15 years must adapt its TWV fleet to meet the threats of today and tomorrow , with reduced funding as compared to the past seven years . "	"  Up-Armored " Humvees cost up to $ 220,000 each , up from an original $ 70,000 , the report says MRAPs , developed to protect against explosive devices , cost $ 430,000 and up , it says The next generation of vehicles will cost more than $ 300,000 apiece , it says
CNN  -- It 's a fear that keeps cybersecurity experts up at night : an attack on an online election system . Apparently , it 's now come to pass . According to a grand jury report about problems in an August 14 , 2012 , primary election in Miami-Dade County , Florida , "  someone created a computer program that automatically , systematically and rapidly submitted to the County 's Department of Elections numerous bogus on-line requests for absentee ballots . " It 's the first documented attack on a U.S. election , said computer scientist David Jefferson , who is on the board of the Verified Voting Foundation and the California Voter Foundation , in an interview with CNN . The report notes that 2,500 fraudulent requests were submitted .  For perspective , Miami-Dade mailed out 139,047 absentee ballots last July and another 174,919 in October . With voting by mail increasing , the fact that the system was challenged is worrisome for cybersecurity experts . "  The computer scientists have been saying for many years now that this is going to be possible , and one of the counters to us has been , ` How come it has n't happened ? ' We always say , we do n't know if it 's happened , because it might happen without leaving any evidence , " said Avi Rubin , a Johns Hopkins computer science professor who is an expert in cybersecurity . "  And now we 're finally starting to see proof that it actually does happen . " Jefferson , who classified the attack as "  weak , " nevertheless highlighted several reasons to be concerned . "  It 's clear that the attackers knew what they were doing , did it deliberately  and  tried to cover their tracks -- they were deliberately hiding their actions , " he said . Moreover , he added , "  It is not at all clear what their motives were . " According to the report , Miami-Dade 's online ballot request system had "  very low " security , with no user-specific logins or passwords . A concerned election vendor noted the influx of requests and flagged them , said the report . "  The vendor hired by Election officials ... became suspicious when it appeared that an extraordinary number of absentee ballot requests 1  appeared to be submitted from the same group of computers ; and 2  were being submitted at a rate that was not humanly possible if the data on the screen was being entered by a person , " the report said . The requests came from IP addresses primarily located overseas , the report added , "  although there was at least one fraudulent request from inside the United States . " The grand jury report is dated December 19 , 2012 . Its findings were reported last month by the Miami Herald , although they did not receive widespread national attention until now . Florida , of course , is no stranger to electoral snafus . In 2012 alone , the state endured long lines , chaotic polling places and disputes over legislative actions that shortened the number of days and hours for early voting . But Jefferson says that , in terms of online issues , the state is far from the worst . He said he and his colleagues in the cybersecurity community found two states that had "  serious vulnerabilities " in their online registration systems : Washington and Maryland . "  Those dangers were so severe because it would not take a lot of skill to change the registrations of thousands of voters , online , while sitting in , say , Bulgaria , " he said . With hackers getting increasingly sophisticated , Rubin expects there will be more cyberattacks in the future . Indeed , even putting elections aside , reports of denial-of-service attacks , stolen passwords and other cases of Internet invasion are regular occurrences in the news -- and they 've affected major corporations , government agencies and even security companies , Jefferson observes . That does n't mean we have to revert back to dropping paper ballots in an old wooden box . Rubin believes that election authorities "  do a pretty good job at understanding their threats . " It 's just that voting is such a sensitive issue that they should have to plan for the worst -- and be prepared to handle it . "  The first thing to do is have a realistic understanding of the threat , so that before you offer a service on the Internet you know how you 're going to respond when you 're attacked -- and I say ` when ' and not ` if ' you 're attacked , " he said . Indeed , Jefferson hopes that the Miami-Dade report serves as a wake-up call for authorities who have scoffed at computer scientists ' concerns . "  For me , of course , this is no surprise . I 've seen this and much worse in many circumstances , " he said . "  But because this is the first real documented attack in a U.S. election , it has outsized importance . We can now say we do have an example in a U.S. election of a bona fide cyberattack . You do n't have to believe us -- we did n't write that grand jury report . Read it . " Cyberthreats getting worse , House intelligence officials warn Alan Brill , senior managing director for Kroll Advisory Solutions , is optimistic that the wake-up call will be received promptly . "  If you look back , 20 , 25 years ,  legislators  had no real understanding of computers . But over time , it 's kind of a rising tide " of comprehension , he says . "  As you get more specialists in a field like this , I think the risks become more evident , and it becomes more urgent for them to do something about it . "	A grand jury report outlines problems in an August 14 , 2012 , primary election in Florida Someone created a computer program that made 2,500 bogus requests for absentee ballots It 's the first documented attack on a U.S. election , said computer scientist David Jefferson Jefferson : "  It 's clear that the attackers knew what they were doing "
London  CNN  -- Dan Brown 's "  The Da Vinci Code " encouraged amateur "  symbologists " everywhere to scan their favorite paintings for secret codes -- but the practice has been going on for centuries . From the inscrutable prehistoric cave drawings inside the Chauvet Caves in Southern France to the abstract paintings of Jackson Pollock , artists have kept the intentions and significance of their work close to their chests . Famously opaque paintings include Bronzino 's 1545 work "  An Allegory with Venus and Cupid , " which contains allegorical figures even scholars are n't able to decipher . Still , historians often discover hidden images , symbols and texts in works of art . CNN World 's Treasures selects examples of such discoveries -- some reputable , others outlandish . ` Twentieth Scene of the Life of St. Francis , ' Giotto di Bondone The latest example is the discovery of a profile of the devil , secreted in this fresco by thirteenth-century Italian artist Giotto di Bondone at the Basilica of Saint Francis in Assisi . Italian art historian Chiara Frugoni discovered the hook-nosed , smirking devil hidden in the swirls of a cloud . She believes it refers to the Medieval belief that devils would appear in the clouds to arrest the soul 's ascent into heaven . ` Mona Lisa , ' Leonardo da Vinci Leonardo da Vinci 's painting of an enigmatic smiling woman has been a source of intrigue for years . In 2010 the president of Italy 's National Committee for Cultural Heritage , Silvano Vinceti , was convinced he had discovered letters and numbers embedded in the eyes of the portrait , which he found after digitally magnifying it . Initially , Vinceti 's discovery of the letters L and V was taken as proof of the well-worn theory that the "  Mona Lisa " is in fact a portrait of da Vinci himself . Vinceti then arrived at the conclusion that it was a painting of one of da Vinci 's male associates , though other art historians have been quick to debunk the idea . ` Battle of Marciano , ' Giorgio Vasari This fresco in the Hall of Five Hundred in Florence 's Palazzo Vecchio is believed to hold the key to a long-lost work by Leonardo da Vinci . Art diagnostic expert Maurizio Seracini is convinced that da Vinci 's fresco "  The Battle of Anghiari " lies behind "  The Battle of Marciano . " Writer and painter Vasari , a great admirer of da Vinci 's , wrote about him beginning work on the fresco but abandoning it part of the way through due to technical problems . On a tiny painted green flag in Vasari 's fresco are the words "  Cerca , trova " -- in English , "  seek and you shall find . " Seracini is hoping to use forensic techniques to get behind Vasari 's fresco and see whether "  The Battle of Anghiari " really does lie behind it . ` Sistine Chapel , ' Michelangelo Michelangelo 's sublime Sistine Chapel at the Vatican in Rome received a thorough restoration and cleaning towards the end of the twentieth century , revealing this Renaissance masterwork in all its colorful , complex glory . But according to Roy Doliner , co-author of the book "  The Sistine Secrets : Michelangelo 's Forbidden Messages in the Heart of the Vatican , " the restoration also revealed some seditious and previously unnoticed communications . One discovery was of a painting of a young Jewish man , Amminadab , wearing the sign of persecution prevalent at the time in Italy on his clothing , and apparently making a rude hand-gesture directly over where the Pope 's throne would have been . Another discovery was of two Jews in the inner circle of the elect in the towering "  Last Judgement " -- "  total blasphemy for the 1500s , " according to Doliner . It is his belief that Michelangelo was secretly preaching ideas of acceptance during a time of religious intolerance . ` The Last Supper , ' Leonardo da Vinci One of the more outlandish theories about this work  which featured as the central clue in the plot of "  The Da Vinci Code "  is that the undulating composition of the disciples ' hands and the bread rolls on the table correspond to musical notes on a stave . Strung together , the tune supposedly resembles a requiem -- a song for the dead . Leonardo was a talented musician in addition to his other great talents ; perhaps a musical painting is n't entirely out of the question ? ` The Supper at Emmaus , ' Caravaggio Caravaggio 's 1601 painting "  The Supper at Emmaus " may not have a hidden message that we know of but it does contains subtle symbols hinting at the identity of the mysterious , beardless man at the table . An important clue is the shadow of a fishtail coming off the bowl of fruit magically hovering at the edge of the table , a just-visible sign that the man at the table is Christ , the fisher of men . Another is the way all lines , like those in "  The Last Supper , " point to the beardless man at the head of the table -- Christ , in disguise .	Symbols and hidden messages often discovered in historical paintings -- some credible , others less so Face of the devil recently discovered in a Giotto fresco in a church in Italy Art historians believe they have found messages in works by Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo Forensic art historian hunting lost Leonardo work based on "  clue " in Vasari fresco , among others
San Francisco  CNN  -- Executing a successful remake of a video game can be like shooting blindfolded , and that 's especially true when you 're dealing with the fervent following behind Microsoft 's "  Halo " series . Longtime fans look for any reason to balk at attempts to repackage their beloved games , and for "  Halo : Combat Evolved Anniversary , " people who follow its development closely have reasons to be skeptical . It 's the first game wholly developed without intervention from Bungie , the company that created "  Halo " but which has since severed ties with Microsoft . "  Halo Anniversary " is available only for the Xbox 360 starting Tuesday , the 10th anniversary of the original "  Halo , " which launched alongside Microsoft 's first home gaming console . The game adds high-definition graphics and a big-production musical score to the original , without changing much else . Producers often look at remakes as a way to add their signature to a well-regarded work , but the team shepherding "  Halo " went to extraordinary lengths to preserve the feel of its decade-old model . Frank O'Connor , a development director for 343 Industries , the division Microsoft created to specifically handle the "  Halo " franchise , stressed that "  Halo Anniversary " was created to appease fans . The $ 40 price tag , versus the standard $ 60 price for new games , fits with that model . "  This is a celebration of the past . " O'Connor leads a team of a few people within 343 Industries that 's tasked with making the final say about whether a storyline for new games , books and other media fits with "  the Halo canon , " he said . With several bestselling books and more products in the works , this is a fragile process . Sometimes O'Connor has to temper his own instincts in order to stay true to precedents set by earlier games . For example , he wanted to hide a rocket launcher behind a waterfall in the second level of "  Halo Anniversary " as an Easter egg for explorers . His team challenged him on it , and so he conceded : no rockets , he lamented as he motioned to the waterfall while demonstrating the game . Designing a familiar but unique ` Halo 4 ' The team within 343 Industries that 's working on "  Halo 4 , " the major new game scheduled to be released late next year , has been given more creative freedom than the external group that 's programming "  Halo Anniversary . " Kiki Wolfkill , the executive producer for "  Halo 4 , " said that being able to consult with O'Connor 's team makes it "  incredibly easy " to keep their stories straight . But Josh Holmes , the creative director for the game , said that despite the help , the breadth of the "  Halo " franchise creates a minefield for storytellers to traverse . "  There are times when we 're thinking about all of the different interconnected storylines , " Holmes said . "  That 's really important to us , because we believe in the universe and want to keep the universe consistent . " They declined to talk much about "  Halo 4 , " but they said it will strike a delicate balance between keeping up with innovations in other first-person-shooter games and keeping the mechanics familiar to fans of the series . The game will have a familiar control scheme , using two analog sticks for movement , rather than doing a drastic departure with , say , Kinect camera navigation , 343 Industries executives said . It may incorporate limited Kinect functions for throwing grenades or toggling settings using voice commands , like those in "  Halo Anniversary , " they said . "  One of the things that 's really important to us is that the game feels , at its core , like ` Halo , ' " Holmes said . "  It feels like ` Halo , ' yet it feels new and unique . " Staying true to ` Halo ' in ` Anniversary ' edition That same criteria are not what 's driving "  Halo Anniversary . " The primary concern for developers was that it feel almost identical to the original "  Halo . " One roadblock that Saber Interactive , the team behind the single-player element of "  Halo Anniversary , " ran into was a result of running an old game on the Xbox 360 's faster hardware , O'Connor said . The game just felt smoother and speedier , he said . So the team tweaked the code in order to reproduce glitches found in the original . "  If things like that happen with physics or animation , and we go change it , then we 're changing the game , " O'Connor said after watching an alien in the game make an unintentional , jittery movement . "  Some things we had to go back and break to make it authentic . " But like O'Connor 's failed attempt at hiding a rocket launcher , Saber wanted to do more . O'Connor and his team had to talk the developers out of overreaching . "  They just wanted to put their own stamp on it , " O'Connor said . "  But we said , ` This is n't about putting your stamp or our stamp . ' " New features for ` Halo Anniversary ' While the characters and scenes from the first "  Halo " have been re-created with an attention to detail that takes advantage of the Xbox 360 's processor , "  Halo Anniversary " players can switch to the vintage look at any time , except during video sequences . This results in a brief pause , but it can be a welcome distraction throughout the game . The feature lets players compare today 's standards to what was cutting edge a decade ago . At some points , like in grassy environments , the original holds up surprisingly well , but the aesthetic changes in "  Halo Anniversary " are n't just for show . Lighting effects and brighter textures on walls were used to guide the player along in places where it was once difficult to navigate . These changes are not likely to upset even sensitive fans . Perhaps more controversial , the developers made some significant alterations to a particular character and added video terminals throughout the game . Both were done for the purpose of broadening the plot and for relating it to games and books that have come out since the first game , O'Connor said . The floating blue-and-metallic orb named 343 Guilty Spark , which Microsoft 's 343 Industries took its name from , has received a sort of makeover . The wisecracking robot , which guides players through certain levels but was known to stray , has been made more visible and talkative . His lines have been updated to hint at story elements from books and future games , O'Connor said . Likewise , the terminals placed throughout the levels , another element not found in the original , let players watch short clips that hint at events in "  Halo 4 " and other "  Halo " media , O'Connor said . The online multiplayer component in "  Halo Anniversary " has more in common with "  Halo : Reach " than it does with the original . It uses the same "  Reach " game engine that was designed by Bungie . Certain Affinity , an Austin , Texas , game developer , rebuilt versions of a few maps and weapons from the first "  Halo " to be played with friends . "  Halo : Reach " owners will be able to access the modes for free . The true test : Fan appraisals You can never quite gauge how fans will react to seeing one of their beloved entertainment artifacts recreated for a new generation . Remember when George Lucas remastered "  Star Wars " in the late 1990s ? "  Han shot first , " a reference to a particular scene from the original movie that was changed , remains the bane of many geeks . Eagle-eye followers of "  Halo " have begun grumbling over the addition of metallic fins lining the bottom of the ring that surrounds the planet in the game . Execs from 343 Industries initially said the fins were present in the first game but not visible due to the low graphic resolution . In fact , the fins are an important element of the plot in the Greg Bear novel "  Halo : Primordium , " which is set to come out in January , O'Connor said . Without them , the game would be inconsistent with the book . As "  Star Wars " fans nervously await the three-dimensional remakes that are in the works , "  Halo Anniversary " players with television sets that support the feature will get to play in 3-D glory . "  Halo Anniversary " and "  Star Wars " have one more thing in common . The musical score for the new "  Halo " game was recorded using Lucas ' Skywalker Symphony Orchestra . "  Halo Anniversary " includes the ability to switch back to the music from the original game , "  though I do n't see why you 'd want to , " O'Connor said .	"  Halo : Combat Evolved Anniversary " is a remake of the original for Xbox 360 The developers went to great pains to stay true to the first "  Halo 's " formula The team working on "  Halo 4 " has more freedom to flex their creative muscles
London  CNN  -- An increasingly bitter dispute between the United Kingdom and Iceland over billions of dollars lost when banks collapsed is likely to end up in court , a top British government minister said Sunday . The British government has "  an obligation to get that money back , and we will continue to pursue that until we do , " said Danny Alexander , the chief secretary of the Treasury . He was speaking Sunday after Iceland 's people voted to repeal a law aimed at solving the dispute . Six out of 10 voters in the referendum on Saturday opposed the law , the government said in a statement Sunday , saying turnout was high . Alexander called Saturday 's Icelandic vote "  disappointing , " adding , "  We have a very difficult financial position as a country ... This money would help . " "  There is a legal process going on and we will carry on through these processes , " he said on the BBC 's "  Andrew Marr " show . The battle results from the collapse of an Icelandic internet bank in October 2008 . Britain and the Netherlands came up with more than $ 5 billion to bail out savers in their own countries who lost money in the failure of Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki . They are now trying to claim the money back from Iceland . Some payments will go ahead later this year , Iceland 's government said Sunday , explaining that they were not affected by the vote . "  These partial payments are expected to cover close to a third of priority  depositor  claims . Moreover , latest figures on its assets indicate that the estate  of Landsbanki  will be able to pay over 90 % of claims for deposits , " the government said in a statement . Under a European Union directive , Iceland owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands . The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations . Netherlands Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager is "  very disappointed about the decision of the Icelandic electorate not to agree with the agreement reached between Iceland , the U.K. and the Netherlands , " the Netherlands Finance Ministry said in a statement Sunday . "  The time for negotiations is over , " de Jager said in the statement . "  Iceland remains obliged to repay . The issue is now for the courts to decide . " The Netherlands Finance Ministry said it is consulting with the United Kingdom about further steps . The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $ 2.1 billion in November 2009 , and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan . Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership , which Britain and the Netherlands could block . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : The Netherlands says it is consulting with the United Kingdom on further steps Iceland 's voters repeal a deal to repay savers who lost money when a bank collapsed Britain and the Netherlands bailed out savers in their countries who lost money They now want Iceland to pay them back
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- Ten people were killed Saturday after a cargo plane crashed through a fence surrounding an airport in Accra , Ghana , and slammed into a bus , municipal and national officials said . The Boeing 727 cargo plane -- operated by the Nigerian-based Allied Air company -- touched down around 7 p.m. Saturday on a runway at Accra 's Kotoka International Airport but was not able to stop , officials said . "  The cargo plane ... shot the runway , broke through a wall and  that  resulted in the death of 10 people who were traveling on a commercial vehicle , " Deputy Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor said . There were no survivors aboard the mangled mini-bus , officials said . By 10 p.m. , those killed had been put in body bags and moved from the scene , which was crowded with emergency , security and government officials . As to the crew of the cargo plane , which took off earlier in the day from Lagos , they were transported to a local hospital for treatment , said Attivor . Their airliner was lying across the road from the airport , on a parcel of land abutting an Accra football stadium . Its wings and nose were severely damaged , while its tailfin had broken off . It was raining in Accra at the time of the crash . Ghana Aviation Authority sources said that they suspect a brake failure in the plane may have been a contributing factor .	NEW : All 10 on the bus died and the plane 's crew are at hospitals , an official says NEW : The plane "  shot the runway , broke through a fence " and hit the bus , she adds Ghana aviation sources suspect brake failure may have contributed to the crash
A body encased in concrete and buried in a Georgia backyard has been identified as that of a former Florida journalist who went missing in August . The positive identification of 30-year-old Sean Dugas was made using dental records and facial bone CT scans , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said Friday . Dugas , a former crime reporter at the Pensacola News Journal , had been missing since August 27 . William and Christopher Cormier , twin 31-year-old brothers , are charged with murder in Dugas ' death , according to police in Winder , Georgia , where the body was found . The brothers had earlier been charged with concealing a death in the case . Winder police went to the home of the brothers ' father on Monday , acting on information from Pensacola police , Winder Police Chief Dennis Dorsey said . The father said his sons arrived from Florida three weeks ago , and the brothers told their father they had been caring for the missing man 's dog but ended up killing the dog , Winder police said . The dog was buried in the backyard of a home that the father is renting , Dorsey said . In the yard , police unearthed a body in a plastic storage container that had been encased with concrete , Dorsey said . Authorities believe the body was buried about three weeks ago , and the concrete may have been purchased at a Home Depot , Dorsey said . When the two brothers arrived at their father 's home during the police investigation , they were detained , Dorsey said . The father has n't been charged and is cooperating with investigators , Dorsey said . Managing Editor Ginny Graybiel of the Pensacola News Journal said Dugas worked at the newspaper from 2005 to 2010 . "  He started as a clerk and became a police reporter -- along the way he did a good bit of entertainment coverage , " Graybiel said . "  Sean was a very gentle , good-hearted soul . To be the victim of a crime like this is , of course , something we never could have imagined . " Dugas ' girlfriend noticed he was missing August 27 when she went to pick him up at home for lunch that day , Pensacola Police Capt. David Alexander said in a statement . When she returned to the home on September 7 , she found it empty except for a television , Alexander said . A man who also lived at the house was gone , police said . The girlfriend reported to police on September 13 that Dugas was missing , Alexander said .	Authorities use dental records to identify remains of Sean Dugas Dugas , a former crime reporter in Florida , went missing August 27 Twin brothers have been charged with murder in his death
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The archbishops of Canterbury and York are recommending that churches stop sharing the chalice at communion over swine flu fears , the Church of England said Thursday . The Church of England 's leaders are recommending parishoners do n't share the chalice . The archbishops wrote a letter to all Church of England bishops with the recommendation . It follows government advice not to share "  common vessels " for food or drink so as not to spread the virus . In the Anglican Church , worshippers commonly drink from the same chalice during communion . The chalice is wiped before the next person drinks from it . For churches that still wish to offer both bread and wine , the archbishops recommend the priest dip communion wafers in the chalice before handing them out to those taking communion . "  The Department of Health have recently advised us that ` in a pandemic it makes good sense to take precautions to limit the spread of disease by not sharing common vessels for food and drink , ' " the archbishops write in the letter . "  In the light of this advice , we recommend those presiding at Holy Communion suspend the administration of the chalice during this wave of pandemic flu . For those who still wish to offer in both kinds , we recommend the practice whereby the presiding minister , whose hands should have been washed with the appropriate alcohol-based rub before handling the elements and the vessels , personally intincts all wafers before placing them in the hands of communicants . " Watch more on Australian vaccine trial " The archbishops note that this practice is widely observed in Anglican churches throughout Africa . "  Communicants receiving in this way need to be confident that the clergy and all assistant ministers follow the relevant guidance on hygiene , " they write . The Archbishop of Canterbury is the spiritual leader of the worldwide Anglican Church , the second-largest Christian denomination after the Roman Catholic Church .	Archbishops of Canterbury and York recommend churches stop sharing chalice Follows government advice not to share "  common vessels " for food or drink Church says move is to help stop spread of swine flu
Rome  CNN  -- An Italian sex scandal that spawned nationwide demonstrations over the premier 's alleged abuse of power and paying an underage girl for sex began at a dinner party in Milan with a Moroccan-born dancer nicknamed "  Ruby Heartbreaker . " The dancer , Karima El Mahrough , was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter with Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , according to prosecutors in Milan . The leggy performer , who has since appeared in scantily clad photographs across the country , told the Italian news channel Sky TG24 that she had lied about her age before meeting Berlusconi for a dinner party at his private residence near Milan . "  He knew that I was 24 years old because I told everyone that I was 24 years old , " she said . "  I did n't want people to know that I was a minor . " It was during that first encounter on Valentine 's Day in 2010 that El Mahrough said she received 7,000 euros  about $ 9,300  after a friend informed Berlusconi that she needed help . Both have denied allegations of having sex . "  Absolutely no , " El Mahrough said . "  I just arrived in Milan , and it was a little difficult living there , " she said , claiming that Berlusconi gave her the money to help support herself financially . The friend "  spoke with  Berlusconi  and explained my situation , my story , my family situation , " she said . "  And he helped me . " But an investigation into their relationship burgeoned after the prime minister urged police to release her when she was arrested on theft charges . El Mahrough said that after the arrest , she was visited by dancer Michelle Oliveira and regional lawmaker Nicole Minetti , whom prosecutors have tried to link to the allegations against the prime minister . El Mahrough said Minetti then called Berlusconi "  to explain how things went , " handing her the phone "  so that I could thank him . " In their conversation , El Mahrough described the premier as "  bitter " because "  he had allowed someone to enter his house trustingly . " "  I did n't know about this famous call of the premier to the police , " El Mahrough told Sky TG24 . "  I learned it from the newspapers . " Investigators say they later questioned the dancer 's former roommate , who claimed El Mahrough had confided in her , describing the details of her sexual relationship with the Italian premier . Berlusconi , 74 , denied allegations surrounding his relationship with El Mahrough as well as his alleged abuses of power , arguing that his phone call to police was a case of mistaken identity . His party has argued that Berlusconi believed El Mahrough was a relative of then-Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and that he called the police station on her behalf to avoid a possible diplomatic crisis with Egypt . But little is known about the dancer whose involvement in the scandal helped catalyze demonstrations against Italy 's premier and his penchant for dinner parties attended by "  pretty girls , " according to local media reports and accounts by lawmaker Minetti . El Mahrough reportedly said on the Italian talk show "  Kalispera " -- owned by Berlusconi -- that she was a victim of child abuse and became a runaway before landing a job dancing at nightclubs . The scandal has made El Mahrough , now 18 , a national figure . Meanwhile , Berlusconi has been ordered to stand trial in April , when he will face a three-judge panel . All of them are women . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Berlusconi is accused of having sex with a dancer nicknamed "  Ruby Heartbreaker " The dancer was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter Both have denied allegations of having sex Berlusconi will stand trial in April , when he will face a three-judge panel
Eminem got sober , Arcade Fire got spooked , Katy Perry flashed her hits and Kanye sang one for jerk-offs everywhere . RollingStone.com  -- 5 . Arcade Fire , "  We Used to Wait " "  Now our lives are changing fast , " sings Win Butler , spooked and sleepless . But his empathetic croon -- and his band 's orchestral - rock wallop -- make high anxiety sound almost sublime . 4 . Katy Perry , "  Teenage Dream " Co-written by Max Martin and Dr. Luke , this buoyant electro-pop singalong is 2010 's catchiest tune . As for that "  teenage dream , " Perry does n't mince words : "  Let 's go all the way tonight . " 3 . Sade , "  Soldier of Love " Nobody knows where Sade disappears to for years at a time between hits , but "  Soldier of Love " proves she knows how to make a hell of a re-entrance . She sings about emotional devastation over a beat that mixes quiet-storm synths with acid-damaged riffs straight out of TV on the Radio 's playbook . It 's as close as she 's ever come to blowing her cool . Rolling Stone 's top five albums of 2010 2 . Cee Lo Green , "  F *** You " The title alone would have guaranteed hundreds of thousands of Web clicks . But Cee Lo did n't just say "  F *** you " -- he said it with humor and serious panache . Despite the bummed-out lyrics , the Motown-style beat is DayGlo-bright , and Cee Lo 's lovelorn lament doubles as an anthem for lean times : "  If I was richer/I 'd still be with ya/Ha , now ai n't that some shit ? " 1 . Kanye West feat . Pusha T , "  Runaway " It takes a special kind of dark , twisted genius to raise the white flag of surrender while raising a middle finger . Kanye West is that genius . "  Runaway " is Kanye 's musical response to the Taylor Swift affair , but it 's much more than that : a nine-minute meditation on romantic failure and public infamy . Kanye creates a huge , eerie beat out of thunderous drums and plinking piano , and he turns the phrase "  Let 's have a toast for the douchebags " into a refrain nearly as catchy as "  She loves you -- yeah , yeah , yeah . " In 2010 , no other song was so crazily epic or jaw-droppingly gorgeous -- not on the radio , not anywhere . Now , everyone raise your glasses . See the full list at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Arcade Fire 's "  We Used to Wait " makes high anxiety sound almost sublime Sade sings about emotional devastation in "  Soldier of Love " Kayne West 's "  Runaway " was named the number one single of the year by Rolling Stone
The wife of an American pastor imprisoned in Iran pleaded with a House subcommittee on foreign affairs Thursday to do something to free her husband . Naghmeh Abedini said that her husband , Saeed Abedini , went to Iran to build an orphanage but was imprisoned unjustly because of his Christian beliefs . She said that when her family 's "  nightmare " began , she anticipated having to fight the Iranian government . But she feels shocked and deeply disappointed because she 's had "  to battle my own government . " U.S. President Barack Obama pushed for the release of Abedini and two other detained Americans -- Robert Levinson and Amir Hekmati -- when he spoke on the phone with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in September . Saeed Abedini is a U.S. citizen of Iranian birth . In January , he was sentenced to eight years in prison , accused of attempting to undermine the Iranian government and endangering national security by establishing home churches . He had converted to Christianity from Islam and became a pastor in Idaho . He regularly made trips to Iran and was on a bus crossing from Turkey into Iran in the summer of 2012 when immigration officials took away his passport . He was later jailed . At the time of his detainment , an Iranian news agency reported that he would be released on bail . Abedini 's case was not brought up at recent negotiations on an interim nuclear deal with Iran . In late November , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden was asked why . She replied that the talks in Geneva , Switzerland , concerning the deal were "  focused exclusively on nuclear issues . " Naghmeh Abedini told lawmakers Thursday that when U.S. and Iranian officials met to discuss the nuclear deal , the U.S. had a "  perfect " opportunity to ask for the pastor 's release . "  I feel my husband has been abandoned , " she said . Iran 's detention and torture of her 33-year-old husband constitutes an assault against U.S. national security , she said . The detention is "  an experiment " because officials there are "  curious " to see how strong Obama is , and whether he would take action immediately to free the pastor . She held up a photo of herself and her two young children taken on their first day of school this year . She said that it was a heartbreaking moment to be without her husband and that as Christmas approaches , she is praying for her husband and praying that her government realizes "  how far we 've fallen " with negotiating with Iran without pushing more to secure her husband 's freedom . U.S. official : Obama , Rouhani discussed fate of three Americans ` Religious persecution is real ' In a written statement she gave to the subcommittee , she detailed her husband 's ordeal . Her family says he is in a very dangerous prison because of his Christian faith . His wife said that the orphanage he was in Iran to set up had the approval of the Iranian government . Between 2000 and 2005 , her husband had previously gotten into trouble with Iran 's government because he was talking about his Christian faith with Iranian Christians in their homes , she said . At that time , Iran was ruled under a different government . It did n't make sense to her , and she finds it outrageous , that her husband would be held now for offenses related to religion . "  I am standing before you today because religious persecution is real , " Naghmeh Abedini 's statement read . "  And until we stand up as one -- as Americans , as political leaders , and government officials , as people who have been endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights -- we will not truly embrace the responsibility that comes with that freedom . " Her father , who is still in Iran , has been able to visit the pastor , it says . That has allowed her to learn about how her husband had been treated and injuries he 's suffered . Before Thursday 's hearing , she warned that her husband 's health was deteriorating , and she talked Thursday about how he had been beaten and threatened in prison . In her statement , she explained that he was initially held in the notorious Evin Prison in Tehran , where guards and interrogators beat him . On November 3 , the pastor was transferred to Rajai Shahr prison , the statement said , where he has been repeatedly robbed at knifepoint . "  At times he has awoken to find a knife-wielding prisoner standing over him at his bed . " Her husband has been beaten so badly that he could not stand , she said , and suffered internal bleeding . Nothing but the "  hand of God " kept him alive , she said . "  The Iranian regime sends prisoners to Rajai Shahr to disappear . It sends prisoners to Rajai Shahr to deny them their human rights . It sends prisoners to Rajai Shahr to die . " A few months ago , the pastor was given medication and his condition improved , she wrote . A letter to the children Naghmeh Abedini said her father showed her husband pictures of the couple 's two children when he visited him in prison . "  Saeed would just stare at the pictures the entire time for the few short minutes they were able to talk , " her statement says . Once , her husband was able to compose a letter to his children . "  It is so hard and so heart breaking for me to see these pictures and to know that I am not there beside you as you grow , " he wrote . "  I came here to help the kids that did not have mommies and daddies , but my own kids lost their daddy . " On the eve of her testimony , the pastor 's wife spoke to CNN 's Jim Sciutto about the pain her family has endured . "  I think it 's the worst torture to see your kids suffering and not being able to do anything , " she said . "  My hope is -- I know it might be too much , hoping too much -- is having him home by Christmas . ... it will be a very difficult Christmas scene ... " she said . " ... it 's not just for my husband , it 's for my kids . Hopefully we will have daddy home for Christmas . " There are two other Americans who have disappeared in Iran or have been imprisoned . Bob Levinson , a retired FBI agent , has been kept in the dark about him since he vanished on a business trip to Iran in March 2007 . President Rouhani has told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the nation 's officials do n't know where the American is . Levinson is in his 60s and suffers from diabetes . Another American , Amir Hekmati , is a former U.S. Marine . He has been jailed in Iran since 2011 , accused of being a CIA spy . Hekmati joined the Marines in 2001 out of high school . He finished his service four years later as a decorated combat veteran with tours in Iraq . Other detained Americans	Naghmeh Abedini says she felt she 's had to fight Iran , and also her own government Her husband 's case was not brought up during recent nuclear deal talks with Iran She said her husband has been tortured in prison and has been imprisoned for his faith
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Thousands of bottles of alcohol were destroyed in Kabul this week , in what authorities described as the product of a crackdown on illegal smuggling and sales . The bottles were confiscated over a two-year period in and around the Afghan capital , according to Kabul police and criminal investigations chief Mohammad Zahir . They were taken almost exclusively from "  Afghan sources and not foreigners , " he said . The illicit items were being stored by Afghan customs officials , who burned the bottles Wednesday after receiving authorization from the city 's attorney general 's office , he added . Alcohol is largely banned in Afghanistan , and its sales and consumption considered a criminal offense for the country 's Muslims , who constitute roughly 99 % of the population . Certain areas that cater to foreigners , however , are permitted to sell it . Zahir said that it was in these areas -- mostly international hotels -- that local sellers had come into possession of the alcohol . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	Official : Bottles are almost exclusively from "  Afghan sources " and not foreigners Alcohol is largely banned in Afghanistan Certain areas , however , that cater to foreigners are permitted to sell it
Canberra , Australia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama traveled to Indonesia on Thursday after spending two days in Australia , where he declared that the United States will increase its military presence and expand its role in shaping the Asia Pacific region . "  Our enduring interests in the region demand our enduring presence in this region , " Obama told the Australian Parliament . "  The United States is a Pacific power , and we are here to stay . " He announced an agreement with Australia on Wednesday that will expand military cooperation between the longtime allies and boost America 's presence in the region . In a speech a day later , Obama made it clear that the military expansion is a top priority in the wake of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , even as the United States faces the need to reduce mounting federal deficits and debt . "  As we end today 's wars , I have directed my national security team to make our presence and missions in the Asia Pacific a top priority , " Obama said . "  As a result , reductions in U.S. defense spending will not -- I repeat , will not -- come at the expense of the Asia Pacific . " The speech on the second day of his two-day trip to Australia , Obama 's first as president , signaled a policy objective to compete head-on with China for influence in the region while also providing security assurances for allies . Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters that the policy comes in part from nations of the region seeking increased U.S. presence . "  The ability of the United States to help respond to contingencies is something that has been welcomed in recent years , whether , again , it was work that we 're doing in the Philippines to counter violent extremism , work that we 're doing to counter piracy in the region , the response to the tsunami in Indonesia , " Rhodes said . "  So in other words , there 's a demand signal from the nations of the region , and this is something that we 're doing in concert with one of our closest allies . So we believe it 's not just entirely appropriate , but an important step to dealing with the challenges of the future of the Asia Pacific region . " Under the military agreement announced Wednesday , up to 250 U.S. Marines will be sent to Darwin and the northern region of Australia for military exercises and training . Over the next several years their numbers are expected to climb to 2,500 -- a full Marine ground task force . U.S. quietly builds military capabilities in Pacific In addition , Air Force Maj. Gen. Michael Keltz , director of strategic planning and policy for the U.S. Pacific Command , told journalists in a telephone call Wednesday from Hawaii that the United States has based some of its most sophisticated weapons in the Pacific , including squadrons of F-22 fighters and C-17 transport planes . The F-22s provide leading-edge technology for potential air-to-air combat as well as cyber - and electronic warfare , " Keltz said . They replaced older F-15s , he added . While U.S. officials cited the need to respond to regional natural disasters as a reason for the agreement , concern over China 's military expansion is widely acknowledged as a driving factor . "  What we look at is how does our general force posture allow us to protect U.S. interests , protect our allies , and ... secure the region broadly , " Rhodes said . "  China is obviously a piece of the Asia Pacific region , an emerging power . " Rhodes later added that the deal is "  part of the U.S. sending a signal that we 're going to be present , that we 're going to continue to play the role of underpinning security in this part of the region . Part of that context is a rising China . " In China , a foreign ministry spokesman questioned the appropriateness of an increased U.S. military presence in Australia . Analysts note that the deal sends a message to China in a less confrontational way than building up bases closer to Chinese shores . "  The Chinese can squawk about it , " said Patrick Cronin , senior director of the Asia-Pacific Security Program at the Center for a New American Security . "  But it 's not like having an aircraft carrier in the Yellow Sea . " Obama said during a Wednesday news conference that "  the notion that we fear China is mistaken . " Before departing Australia , the president , along with some U.S. Marines , visited a military base in Darwin . While speaking to the troops there , Obama thanked them for their service and praised the two nations ' alliance , which is now 60 years old , and said he looks forward to a deepening of the alliance . Going forward , our purpose is the same as it was 60 years ago -- "  the preservation of peace and security . And in a larger sense , you 're answering the question once posed by the great Banjo Paterson . Of Australia , he wrote , "  Hath she the strength for the burden laid upon her , hath she the power to protect and guard her own ? " The president 's Australian visit -- postponed twice in 2009 and 2010 due to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and other domestic political considerations -- highlights a changing balance of power in the Pacific as China expands its military reach and the United States works to reduce its military footprint in Japan . Obama 's Australian visit comes on the heels of last weekend 's 19-nation Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit , which highlighted the need for new measures supporting job growth . During the Hawaiian summit , Obama stressed the importance of the Pacific to global economic security , and he pushed China to do more to help strengthen the world economy . CNN 's Charley Keyes , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	"  The United States is a Pacific power , " Obama says in Australia Up to 2,500 U.S. Marines will be deployed near Darwin Deal with Australia sends a message in light of China 's growing military power The president will wrap up his Pacific trip with a stop in Indonesia
CNN  -- Syria 's embattled government will get at least 10 fighter jets from Russia -- and they want more , Russian state media reports -- moves that come amid rocky diplomatic efforts to peacefully end the Middle East nation 's bloody civil war . A source involved in Russia 's defense complex told the official Itar-Tass news agency Friday that Russia will sell Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government MiG-29 fighter jets to fulfill a "  contract ... concluded long ago . " A Syrian delegation in Moscow is pressing for even more jets , with MiG executive Sergei Korotkov telling Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti 's news that his company and these Syrian authorities are talking about the "  details and time frame of a possible contact . " Such discussions come on the heels of the European Union 's decision to end its Syrian arms embargo . That move was seen as opening the door for European nations to help rebel fighters militarily , though it may give Russia more wiggle room to back its longtime ally , Assad . It 's not clear how weapons , fighter jets and ammunition flowing into Syria will affect the fighting there , much less the heretofore unsuccessful attempts to forge a negotiated settlement . About 80,000 people have been killed since the start of hostilities more than two years ago , U.N. General Assembly President Vuk Jeremic said earlier this month . Another 1.5 million or more people have fled the country . In addition to the fighter jets , Russia reportedly sold six S-300 air defense systems to Syria under a 2010 contract . Asked Thursday about these and other arms sales , al-Assad said it is "  not our policy to talk publicly about military issues in terms of what we possess or what we receive . " Blast in Damascus neighborhood kills 8 "  As far as Russia is concerned , the contracts have nothing to do with the crisis , " he told Hezbollah 's Al-Manar TV , according to a transcript from Syria 's official SANA news service . "  We have negotiated with them on different kinds of weapons for years , and Russia is committed to honoring these contracts . " Moscow , however , has said such deliveries would conform with international law and has denied supplying Syria with weapons that can be used against civilians . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described any transfer of S-300s to the region as "  not helpful . " "  Whether it 's an old contract or not , it has a profoundly negative impact on the balance of interests and the stability of the region , and it does put Israel at risk , " he said . Kerry added that halting the bloodshed peacefully should be everyone 's first priority . "  The best chance to save Syria  and  for a future Syria that represents all Syrian people and moves beyond this massacre , devastation , killing , sectarian violence ... is through a peaceful resolution that comes about in an organized way , " he said Friday at a joint news conference in Washington with German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle . "  In Geneva , we will test who is serious . Are the Russians serious pushing to that ? I believe they are .  But  it is not helpful to have a lot of other ammunition , other supplies overtly going in . " Syrian arms embargo : Why more weapons to Syria is a mistake Conference on crisis planned for Switzerland He was referring to an international conference on the crisis slated for Switzerland . The plans are being worked out , but al-Assad predicted it will take place in June . "  We have announced a couple of days ago that we agree in principle to attend , " he said . But the Syrian leader made clear that his position may change , and Damascus ' delegation may withdraw , if certain conditions are imposed . "  So the idea of the conference , of a meeting , in principle is a good one , " he told Al-Manar TV . "  We will have to wait and see . " The National Coalition , the main rebel umbrella group , has demanded al-Assad step aside in order for it to take part in the talks , which were originally scheduled for this month . "  It is difficult to continue when Syrians are constantly being hammered by the Assad regime with the help of outside forces , " George Sabra , acting chairman of the National Coalition , said in a statement . He cited the siege of Qusayr and attacks on Eastern Gouta , a suburb of Damascus , as well as what he said was an "  invasion " by Iranian militia members in support of al-Assad . Al-Assad said it 's too early to discuss whether or not he 'll run again for president in the 2014 election . He 'd do so if "  there is a need and public desire " for him to stay on , but wo n't "  if I feel that the Syrian people do not want me to lead them . " The Syrian president his only condition is that anything agreed to address the crisis should not be binding until Syrians approve it through a popular referendum . "  Either side can propose anything , but nothing can be implemented without the approval of the Syrian people . And as long as we are the legitimate representatives of the people , we have nothing to fear , " the Syrian leader said . ` Open-ended ' Syrian conflict draws in region Opposition group : 50 prisoners executed All the deals and the talk have done little to change the situation on the ground in Syria . The killing continued Friday , with the opposition Local Coordination Committees reporting 189 deaths , including six women , five children and 19 who died after being tortured . There were 74 people killed in Aleppo province , including 50 prisoners who the group said were executed by government forces in Aleppo 's Central Prison , the group said . In addition , Syrian state-run television have reported that forces loyal to al-Assad killed three Westerners -- an American woman , a Briton and a person whose nationality was not revealed . The news outlet said Thursday the three had been fighting alongside the rebels and were found with weapons . The report said they were ambushed in their car in the flashpoint province of Idlib in northwestern Syria , where government forces have been battling rebels for control . TV video showed a bullet-riddled car and three bodies laid out on the ground . It also showed weapons , a computer , a hand-drawn map of a government military facility and a flag belonging to the al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front . The United States is aware of the report of the reported killing of the American and is working through the Czech Republic mission in Syria to obtain more information , a State Department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . Citing privacy concerns , the official said , "  We are unable to comment further . " Pictures circulating on the Internet show the body of Nicole Lynn Mansfield , 33 , of Flint , Michigan , her father and daughter told CNN on Friday . The UK Foreign Office confirmed that a British national was among the dead . "  Their family has been informed and we are providing consular assistance , " it said . Kerry , the top U.S. diplomat , said that some 1,500 to 2,000 American fighters may be in Syria . "  It 's hard to get a peg on the exact number , " he said . American 's family : She went to Syria to help	NEW : Russia will send 10 MiG-29 fighter jets , Russian state media reports NEW : A Syrian delegation in Moscow is pressing for more fighter jets NEW : 189 are reported dead nationwide , an opposition group says Syrian president says the balance of power favors his armed forces
While traveling in the Earth 's orbit over 240 miles up , American astronaut Karen Nyberg joined Leading Women anchor Becky Anderson for a live interview from the International Space Station  ISS  Friday . When she 's not working on scientific experiments , Nyberg can be found tweeting amazing pictures of the planet , chasing floating desserts in space and knitting . Read on for the full interview . CNN : Station , this is CNN . How do you hear me ? Karen Nyberg : Good Morning CNN . This is station . I have you loud and clear . CNN : Simeon Birchall , a CNN.com commenter asks is there huge competition for every seat on a shuttle launch ? KN : Well I do n't know if I 'd say competition . Definitely everybody that is in the astronaut office that wants to fly is very eager to do so even if they have gone before . Generally it 's kind of going in order of when a class is selected , they start flying people from that class . And then it depends on what roles are needed . If we need to fly somebody that is going to be the commander of the space station , frequently most often that is somebody who has experience flying ; if we need somebody who is going to be doing space walks , we need somebody that can do that . Back when we were flying the shuttle , there were a lot more specific tasks doing robotics ops and the space walks . TIMELINE : 50 years of women in space Now on the space station everybody pretty much has to do everything and so it 's a little competitive I guess , but your turn comes along . CNN : @Alizabev asks what type of experiments are you working on ? KN : This week we 've been doing a lot of experiments on our ocular health . We 've noticed some problems over the past several years with many of our astronauts . They come back to Earth after three to six months in space and have long term vision problems , changes in their vision . We are trying to figure out what exactly is causing that . Luca  Parmitano  and I have been involved in numerous tests . We 're doing tonometry -- we are looking at the pressure of the eye . We are doing ultrasounds to look at the morphology of the eye , we are doing fundoscopy to take images of the retina , vision tests . We are hoping that we can determine exactly what is causing this and hopefully mitigate the problem , especially if we start longer duration missions going to Mars ... we really need to understand this so we do n't degrade the vision of every astronaut that is going into space . CNN : A commenter on CNN.com Marik asks what do you think of the Mars One project which aims to privately settle people on the planet ? KN : I think it would be interesting . I think there are a lot of challenges and a lot of things that need to be figured out before that can be a successful mission . Mars is a long ways away and we have a lot to learn ... I do n't know how many years from now that will be , but that type of thing may become standard . CNN : Floyd Moore aged 5 and Camper Carl of @AZChallenger both asked the same question : What is it like to sleep in space ? And have you ever floated out of your bed ? KN : It 's actually quite comfortable sleeping in space . We have sleeping bags that we hang from the wall . The first couple weeks when I was here , it was very important to me to feel like I was almost laying on something . I would lay with my legs sideways in the sleeping back so that I felt pressure along my back from one side of the sleeping bag and I felt pressure from my legs on the other side . Now I 've become a little more adapted to it and I can just float there . And no , I 've never floated out of the bed . I 'm usually zipped in pretty well . CNN : @Womenintheair asks : Which female astronauts influenced you ? And have you met any of them as an astronaut ? KN : Sally Ride was making her first flight into space and she really impacted me . And also just looking back , I did some research on Valentina Tereshkova when I was in high school because she was the first female to fly in space . And I actually did meet her last year for a brief moment before traveling to Baikonur as a back up for one of the missions . It was just  a  fantastic opportunity to get to meet her . I never did meet Sally Ride . I met her sister after her passing but it would have been fantastic to meet her too . But I think those two , the firsts , those names stick in your head and they really become inspirations for you . CNN : @nmedia_s asks do you think there is intelligent life in space -- besides the people at the ISS ? KN : I do n't know . I do n't think I 'm smart enough to know . The universe is so big . It 's hard to imagine that there is n't something out there that is similar to our solar system and could provide what the Earth provides for us . But certainly we have n't seen that and you know , maybe some day we will . It 's hard for me to say whether I truly believe it or not . I think it 's possible . I do n't believe we 've seen anything but it 's possible there is life out there somewhere . CNN : @FumaiMartin asks how much physics and chemistry taught in high school helps at the International Space Station ? KN : I think any type of scientific class or mathematical class or any class really that you take is helpful even if you do n't use the specific fundamentals that you learn in that class . There is something about learning how to learn that I think is very important is a very broad spectrum . And the same for college , a lot of the classes you take you are like , you think to yourself ` I 'm never going to use this . ' And you know what , sometimes you do n't ... But a lot of it you do use . Even though we are working directly with the investigators of the scientific experiments . It 's important for us understand what 's going on so we can help and maybe we can see things and we can help them with their discoveries . CNN : Greg Wagner on Facebook asks what one place on Earth would you most like to visit with only the knowledge of having seen it from the ISS ? KN : Oh wow ! You know there are so many beautiful places that I do n't even know how I would answer that . I 've seen some mountain ranges that are just absolutely incredible ... But at the same time , I 've come along some coastlines that look just breathtaking and so I guess I would have a lot of traveling to do if I were to go to every single place that I thought looked like a great place to be . CNN : CNN Mexico commenter Luis Flores Gonzalez asks if you were offered the opportunity to take a one-way trip to the deepest part of the universe , would you accept it ? KN : A one-way trip , no . Especially with the current situation I 'm in with a young son and a husband at home . I definitely would not want to do a really long , and definitely a one-way trip . It might be a different story if I had family with me but I 'd have to say no to that . CNN : @Fadhelindonesia asks when you read my message what continent are you looking at ? KN : We just passed over the east coast of South America and we are heading up towards Africa . We should be there in just a couple of minutes . And then we 'll head up over Europe and into Asia . CNN : Leading Women co-anchor Kristie Lu Stout tweeted : We hear you 're a bit of a DIY design geek . Do you get crafty in space ? KN : I have been trying to do a little bit . ... It 's amazing . Time goes by so fast and in the weekdays and on the evenings , there 's absolutely no time for that . Sundays is really my day and I actually got a few things out the other day and drew up a design on a piece of paper and cut up some old T shirts and have started sewing things together . Not quite sure exactly how it is going to turn out but ... when I find the time to sit there and do that only , hopefully I 'll get something done . WATCH THE FULL LIVE STREAM INTERVIEW	NASA astronaut and engineer Karen Nyberg joins CNN from the International Space Station Nyberg discusses space exploration , current work , women in science She answers questions submitted from you via CNN.com , Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- Adidas , the brand loved for its sports gear , might be expanding into fashion but it wo n't desert its fitness loving fans , the chief executive says . Adidas is now working with top designers , such as Stella McCartney , to create a distinctive genre of sportswear and lifestyle fashion products . But while ceo Herbert Hainer is happy with the diversity the collaborations provide , its main priority will always be sportswear , he told CNN . "  Football is our heart and our soul , " he said . "  This gives us a driving edge in Europe , " he added . Adidas is an official partner of the European Champions League and the 2012 European Football Championship . This means its commitment to Europe will grow despite the continent 's vulnerable economic conditions , Hainer said . "  Europe is still a huge market , " he noted . "  Be it in the mature markets -LSB- France , Germany , England -RSB- or the emerging markets ... especially Russia , " he said . "  I am not concerned about Europe . There is no doubt that we will further grow in Europe , " he added . Adidas has navigated the worst of Europe 's economic difficulties thanks to the strength of its brand name and the diversity of its product portfolio , he said . The German sportswear giant has grown steadily throughout the first half of 2011 across all of its brand name titles , including Reebok and Tailor Made . Consumers are looking for innovative products and despite difficult economic times across the world , Adidas is delivering , Hainer said . "  We have an unbelievably healthy situation because we have global brands , bring permanently innovative products to the market and this is what the consumer really appreciate , " he added . CNN 's Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report	Adidas is now working with top designers , such as Stella McCartney But its main priority will always be sportswear Adidas has navigated the worst of Europe 's economic difficulties due to its strong brand
EW  -- Once upon a time , "  Newsies " was a movie musical starring Christian Bale that flopped at the box office and with critics when it was released by The Walt Disney Company in 1992 . Today , "  Newsies " is a lauded Broadway musical smash starring Jeremy Jordan in the role played by Bale in the film , which despite failure inspired a passionate cult of fans who call themselves "  Fansies . " No one is more surprised by this turn of events than Bale himself . "  These things never make any sense , " the Oscar-winning actor and Hollywood 's current Batman told EW in a recent interview . "  I 'm incredibly happy for them . They 're having the success our movie never had . " In case you 're not a "  Fansie " and your memory of the movie has dimmed like faded newsprint , Newsies was set against the historical backdrop of the New York City newsboy strike of 1899 and featured songs by Alan Menken and J.A.C. Redford . Bale was 17 years old when he played the part of 17-year-old Jack Kelly , who hawked copies of the New York World with tactics as dubious and gotcha ! as the era 's yellow journalism . When media moguls Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst decided to make their newspaper boys pay more for the papers they sell , Jack rallied his fellow paperboys to strike . Complications ensued , resolution was achieved , and the "  Newsies " danced . In 2011 , Disney Theatrical Productions began work on a stage version with songs by Menken and Jack Feldman and a book by Harvey Fierstein . "  Newsies The Musical " opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim . It earned eight Tony nominations and won two  best choreography , best original score  . No , Bale has n't seen the show  $ " and he says he has no plans to do so . Why ? "  I 'm not really into musicals , " Bale responded . "  But I wish them the best . And I 'm sure the person playing the character I played exceeded whatever I did , and congratulations to them . " Would it be personally difficult to watch another actor perform the part , and perform it with greater success ? "  No , no , no . That would n't be hard . I 'm going to be having to do it with Batman , " says Bale , whose final turn as the caped crusader , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " opens July 20 . Referring to reports that Warner Bros. intends to quickly reboot the Batman franchise with a new director and star , Bale adds : "  They 're going to rejuvenate it soon , and I 'll have to be watching someone else play Batman . I 'll be fascinated . I 'll be fascinated to see which way they go , which choices that actor makes . " Unless , of course , the new Batman sings . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christian Bale starred in the 1992 film "  Newsies " Bale says he has no desire to see the musical based on the movie "  Newsies The Musical " opened on Broadway last March to sell-outs and acclaim
CNN  -- Greeted by streets packed with well-wishers , Barack Obama arrived in Myanmar on Monday for a historic visit that hopes to encourage the once repressive regime to continue with its "  remarkable journey . " The first sitting U.S. president to visit the country , Obama will urge its leaders , which have embarked on a series of far-reaching political and economic reforms since 2011 , not to extinguish the "  flickers of progress that we have seen . " "  This remarkable journey has just begun , and has much further to go , " Obama will say , according to excerpts of his speech released before his arrival . "  Reforms launched from the top of society must meet the aspirations of citizens who form its foundation . " During his six-hour visit , Obama will meet with Myanmar 's President Thein Sein , whose reform drive has seen the release of hundreds of political prisoners and steps to open up the country 's economy . The country , which is also known as Burma , was ruled by military leaders until early 2011 and for decades was politically and economically cut off from the rest of the world . He 'll also meet fellow Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi at the lakeside villa where the pro-democracy icon spent years under house arrest . He said Suu Kyi , now a member of parliament , encouraged the visit during a recent trip to the White House . "  Obama fever " has gripped Yangon , with the street from the airport lined with crowds waving the stars and stripes , taking pictures and craning for a glimpse of the president . Obama 's image also featured on T-shirts , mugs and walls for sale in city stores . Myanmar faces unfolding crisis On the eve of his Myanmar trip , Obama insisted that the visit was "  not an endorsement of the Burmese government . " "  This is an acknowledgment that there is a process under way inside that country that even a year and a half , two years ago , nobody foresaw , " Obama told reporters in Thailand on Sunday , the first stop on his Asia trip . He added that the country was moving "  in a better direction . " As well as meeting Thein Sein and Suu Kyi , Obama will deliver a speech at the University of Yangon before departing for Cambodia on Monday afternoon , where he will attend the East Asia Summit . Western governments have responded to Myanmar 's progressive efforts by easing sanctions that targeted the military regime . On Friday , the U.S. eased restrictions on imports of most goods from Burma . But the country has also witnessed bouts of turmoil in recent months . Violence between Rohingya Muslims and local Buddhists broke out in the western state of Rakhine . During the latest eruption of tensions , the United Nations said at least 89 people were killed in two weeks , and 110,000 were displaced . What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Obama will urge Myanmar to use its "  diversity as a strength , not a weakness . " "  I believe deeply that this country can transcend its differences , and that every human being within these borders is a part of your nation 's story . " He is expected to meet briefly with representatives of civil society organizations , including an advocate for Burma 's Rohingya population . However , some aid organizations are questioning whether now is the right time for Obama to add legitimacy to Thein Sein 's government . Burmese exile leaders and human rights advocates have expressed concerns that the visit is too soon , and may not yield the additional reforms that a presidential visit can deliver if it happens at the right time . Speaking Sunday alongside Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , Obama emphasized that the United States is "  a Pacific nation , " and that events in the Pacific "  will shape so much of our security and prosperity " in the future . He said "  restoring American engagement " in the region is one of his priorities . Asia 's vast economy accounts for roughly a quarter of the global gross domestic product . Challenges facing the U.S. economy seeped in Sunday . Obama , accompanied by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , joked with a monk in Thailand . "  We 're working on this budget , " he said . "  We 're going to need a lot of prayer for that . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Holly Yan , Gabriella Schwarz , Paula Hancocks and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama arrives in Myanmar for historic trip NEW : Will encourage leaders to continue "  remarkable journey " The trip is billed as an effort to boost economic and political ties with Asia Obama will be the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar , also known as Burma
CNN  -- University of Tennessee head football coach Derek Dooley dismissed one player and suspended two others Friday following a bar fight that sent an off-duty Knoxville police officer who tried to intervene to the hospital . Dooley booted Darren Myles of Atlanta , who is accused of assaulting a University of Tennessee officer who rushed to the scene where the Knoxville officer was knocked unconscious . Dooley also indefinitely suspended Marlon Walls , a defensive tackle from Olive Branch , Mississippi , and linebacker Greg King of Memphis , Tennessee . Their role in the incident was not known late Friday . "  It is a privilege , not a right , to be a member of the University of Tennessee football team , " Dooley said in a statement . "  The most important responsibility of that privilege is to properly represent this institution and our supporters on and off the field . "  I am disappointed and in many ways embarrassed by the poor judgment displayed on many fronts by several members of our football team last night , " Dooley said . Several people , including other UT football players , were being questioned by police and at least one -- Darick Rogers , a highly sought-after high school football recruit from Calhoun , Georgia -- has been charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , police spokesman Darrell DeBusk said . The fight broke out at Bar Knoxville -- a popular destination for University of Tennessee athletes -- shortly before 2 a.m. Friday , DeBusk said . Robert Capouellez , a Knoxville police officer , was lying on the ground unconscious when emergency officials arrived on the scene , DeBusk said . Capouellez is reported in stable condition , officials said . Gary Russell , who was assaulted by several people inside the bar and also was transported to University Medical Center with multiple injuries , has been discharged , a hospital official told CNN . The bar 's co-owner , Sandy Morton , told CNN affiliate WBIR some 10 football players "  just started randomly beating up a customer . " "  It was total chaos , " Morton said . Witnesses told police the fight started inside , but bar employees pushed those involved outside onto the sidewalk . That 's when Capouellez intervened . According to witnesses , the officer was hit in the head and kicked several times while lying unconscious on the ground . A total of six individuals -- who DeBusk said appear to be associated with the University 's football program -- have been identified as potential suspects . They were located and detained for questioning , he said , and police want to question three or four others who may have been involved in the fight . Officer Brian Greenlee of UT Police rushed to the scene and ordered the group to stop . According to an affidavit , Greenlee made contact with Myles , a defensive back . Myles fled , was ordered to stop and struck Greenlee 's left eye with his elbow when the officer tried to place a restraint hold on him , according to the police report . Myles ran off and was later found hiding in bushes , police said . Myles was arrested and faces simple assault , resisting a stop and fleeing/evading arrest charges , the UT Police report said . Greenlee did not require medical treatment , said Amy Blakely , assistant director of Media and Internal Relations . The case was brought by UT Police because its officer was assaulted , she said . Myles was released later Friday on a $ 1,000 bond and Rogers was released on a $ 1,000 bond , according to CNN affiliate WATE . "  We always give VIP status to the football players , " said Morton . "  It wo n't be happening anymore . " "  Although we are still gathering all the facts and some legal proceedings will follow , we have taken some initial levels of discipline resulting from my conversations with the student-athletes who were present , " Dooley said in the statement . Dooley also answered questions at an evening press conference , including one about Myles ' dismissal . "  It hurts our team , " said Dooley , according to CNN affiliate WBIR . "  A lot of people get hurt when you do things that are n't right . It 's not just Darren who 's hurt . I had to sit there and watch his mother cry , who 's hurt . And his family is hurt , I know his father is hurt . And I know his home town is probably disappointed . " CNN 's Cheryl Castro and David Close contributed to this report .	NEW : University of Tennessee football coach dismisses one player , suspends two Off-duty police officer who tried to intervene in a bar fight in stable condition Police : Members of the University of Tennessee football team are suspects in the fight Star recruit Darick Rogers is charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arrest
Southern Living  -- Here 's what I see as I cross the intersection of M Street and Wisconsin Avenue : a sleek woman in to-die-for jeans speaking a language I ca n't pin down ; an iPod-toting jogger with shopping bags from a tony store ; a model  or she should be  in knee-high boots and a thigh-high skirt . It 's like a well-cast movie -- all the elements fit like a study in big-city fashion . Fresh is among Georgetown 's fashionable boutiques aimed at young professionals . Is this the South ? You bet . It 's Georgetown at its best , trendiest , most promising . And we 're here to shop  and take you with us for the fun  . Follow along as we go international with names you know and local -- only the best -- popping into reinvented townhomes to sample the distinctive character you only find here . Join us on a tour of my favorites . Fashion-forward thinking The clothiers of Georgetown dress Presidential daughters , inaugural ball goddesses , pumps-wearing nine-to-fivers , and visitors to boot . Amid the better-known shops  look for Zara , Kate Spade , Diesel , and Lacoste  , clothes junkies discover dozens of newcomers with frocks as unique as each shop 's personality . Southern Living : Washington , D.C. inaugural travel planner Originality reigns at Annie Creamcheese , a vintage emporium featuring racks with designer dresses from the 1940s to the present  3279 M Street NW .  . Amid the Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix posters , you may see the famous Olsen twins snagging their sought-after style . Follow the fashionistas who flock to these tiny upscale boutiques aimed at young professionals : Urban Chic  1626 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  ; Sugar  1633 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  ; Wink  3109 M Street NW .  ; and Fresh  1205 Potomac Street NW .  . Two noteworthy high-end stores cater to twenty - and thirtysomething , affluent women : CUSP by Neiman Marcus  3030 M Street NW .  and Barneys CO-OP  3040 M Street NW .  . Southern Living : Cheap eats in D.C. Bag a one-of-a-kind purse at Fornash  The Shops at Georgetown Park on M Street NW .  . The brainchild of a PR executive turned handbag maven , this shop helps you choose the style , fabric , and ribbons for your own dream bag . While Mexican folk art entices you into The Phoenix  1514 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  , it 's the handbags and Eileen Fisher casual wear that hold you there . Wander down the stairs at Cady 's Alley to a designer shop for preteen girls . Twixt  3319 Cady 's Alley NW .  satisfies girls ' trends while meeting moms ' modesty standards . Discover environmentally conscious children 's clothes and accessories at Yiro  3236 P Street NW .  . It 's about the bling Two shops glitter with unusual jewelry designs -- one traditional , one contemporary . An elegant M Street brownstone shows off snazzy gold jewelry with a patriotic and historical theme . Meet the eponymous jeweler at Ann Hand  2900 M Street NW .  . Ann 's original creations include an 18k gold pin , featuring an eagle resting on a genuine South Sea pearl , that 's worn by first ladies , congresswomen , and diplomats . The icy-white showroom of Jewelers ' Werk Galerie  3319 Cady 's Alley NW .  illustrates the talents of international jewelry artists and designers . A centerpiece cabinet holds drawers filled with unique necklaces , bracelets , and brooches crafted in unexpected materials . Designing your interiors Antiques and accessories shops populate the upper sections of Wisconsin Avenue , while home-decor marketplaces cluster around Cady 's Alley . It 's always the 1950s in Sixteen Fifty Nine  1659 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  . This midcentury modern furniture , lighting , and art showroom puts the cool back in Paul McCobb club chairs and snapshots of World War II America . Walk through the red lacquer door to Carling Nichols  1675 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  for a serene selection of 18th - and 19th-century Chinese antiques . Their red wedding baskets make striking focal points . The gallery Appalachian Spring  1415 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  features the crafts of American artists , including hand-turned wooden bowls , pottery , fabric art , blown-glass vases , and even kaleidoscopes . The contemporary , clean lines of the fixtures in Boffi Studio DC  3320 M Street NW .  conjure calm hours luxuriating in home spas . Only in D.C. With so many spots named for George Washington , it 's easy to forget the other George . Georgetown was formally established in 1751 and honored the British King George II with its name . Tobacco grew in the surrounding fields when the district incorporated the neighborhood and its university in 1871 . Brown tobacco leaves hang from the rafters of Georgetown Tobacco  3144 M Street NW .  , harkening to the past . We shop here for the Venetian carnival masks . Tip Streetside parking is tough in Georgetown . You 're better off using one of the dozen or so lots  $ 20 for all day  or riding the DC Circulator bus  $ 1  into the neighborhood , and then spending the day on foot . A tale of four eateries Martin 's Tavern : This is where J.F.K. proposed to Jackie . An institution since the 1930s , the pub serves traditional fare  1264 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  . A favorite of Washington 's political elite , it 's served every elected Presidential candidate since Harry Truman . Where else in the district can you tuck in an all-American buffalo burger or a comforting Welsh rarebit ? Dine here soon , and you may rub elbows with our next Commander-in-Chief . ching ching CHA : Silly name , serious Zen . Escape the bustle at this Chinese teahouse  1063 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  . Take off your shoes , cozy onto a soft cushion , listen to the understated music , and be serene . Start with a cup of Dragon Well Tea  $ 8  and Mongolian dumplings rich with lamb  $ 5  . The ambience soothes your woes as fast as an orange blossom opens in a teacup . Patisserie Poupon : Climb the stairs off Wisconsin into the little French bakery that looks as if it were lifted out of the Left Bank  1645 Wisconsin Avenue NW .  . Cases of baked goods clamor for your attention , while aromas of sugar and pastries entice . Do n't pass up the almond croissants or the daily quiche . C'est magnifique ! Hook : This restaurant has caught a very smart trend : sustainability  3241 M Street NW .  . The menu changes daily to promote only fresh and available seafood . Match that with considerable culinary talents for one of the best meals in town that you can feel good about . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Shops of Georgetown dress Presidential daughters , inaugural ball goddesses Annie Creamcheese is a vintage emporium featuring racks of designer dresses Choose the style , fabric and ribbons for your dream handbag at Fornash It 's always the 1950s in Sixteen Fifty Nine , full of midcentury modern furnishings
CNN  The Solar Impulse 2 , the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel , has been grounded by the weather in China . What was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of Chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay . It 's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members , just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers  21,748 miles  over five months . "  You can believe that your will can influence the weather , " says pilot Bertrand Piccard , who comes from a long family line of explorers . But "  then you 'll be really disappointed because it does n't work . "  Or you just know that it 's an adventure you do with the forces of nature . " Piccard , along with Andre Borschberg , a Swiss engineer , are taking turns flying the single-seater aircraft , which took off from Abu Dhabi on March 9 and has successfully flown through Oman , India , and Myanmar . There is much at stake . Their mission , which the pilots say is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy , and inspiring innovation , has been 12 years in the making . In many ways , it has become Piccard and Borschberg 's raison d'etre . But so far , the Solar Impulse 2 has been spending a lot of time on the ground . The latest setback came when a Thursday takeoff was canceled , because the cross winds in Nanjing , the plane 's destination , were forecast to be too strong around its expected landing time . Because of its weight , at just 2,300 kilograms -- about the same as a large SUV -- the aircraft needs near perfect weather conditions , including cross winds of less than 4 knots , or about 7 kilometers an hour , in order to fly . While the team is used to waiting , they are clearly eager to move on . "  Our boss is the sun , " says Solar Impulse spokeswoman Claudia Durgnat . Durgnat says there may be a tiny window ahead , with the next possible departure from Chongqing on Tuesday . "  It 's not good before , and the days after do n't look very clear . " Even with the delay , Durgnat says , the plane technically is n't behind schedule . That 's because the team needs to wait until the end of the month for the northern hemisphere days to get longer , before the plane can venture across the Pacific Ocean to Hawaii . With more than 17,000 solar cells along the tops of its wings and fuselage , the Solar Impulse 2 stores up energy during the day , in order to power the motors that carry it through the night , typically at speeds no faster than a car on a highway . Inside a specially constructed tent at the end of the runway at Chongqing International Airport , a skeleton team of less than a dozen people works to complete the day 's tasks . The rest of the crew has been waiting for weeks in Nanjing . Even with the extended stay , no time is wasted . Piccard spends a few hours of the afternoon in the cockpit , training to prepare for the Solar Impulse 's crossings over the Pacific and Atlantic Ocean , what the team calls "  the moment of truth . " The plane will then return to Abu Dhabi , where it had taken off . Nearby , two technicians repair a couple of the flight computers , which display critical information in the cockpit , punching extra holes in their casings so they do n't overheat . Meanwhile , Borschberg has returned to Switzerland to rest and get medical treatment for a migraine and a skin condition . The team expects him back in China early next week . Borschberg is still scheduled to fly first leg of the Pacific crossing , which could last up to five days and nights . "  The airplane is ready . The mission control center is ready . We 've been waiting for that moment since so long , " says Piccard . Borschberg and Piccard , who piloted an earlier version of the plane across the U.S. in 2013 , are no strangers to adventure . Borschberg is a former fighter pilot , and Piccard was part of the first team to circumnavigate the earth nonstop in a balloon in 1999 .	Solar plane attempting to be first to circumnavigate world without using fuel is stuck in China Solar Impulse 2 attempts to prove the power of renewable energy
CNN  -- Three Russian tanks and other military vehicles crossed the border into Ukraine on Thursday , prompting a skirmish between Ukrainian and Russian forces , acting Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said . The Russian Foreign Ministry told the BBC that the claim was "  another fake piece of information . " According to Avakov , tanks crossed the border at a checkpoint controlled by pro-Russian separatists in the Luhansk region of eastern Ukraine . Armored vehicles and artillery were part of the columns , Avakov said , citing Ukrainian intelligence . Two of the tanks split off and headed in the direction of Gorlovka , also known as Horlivka , and were attacked by Ukrainian military forces , Avakov said . Part of that column was destroyed , he said . CNN has not independently confirmed the incidents . The countries have been engaged in a tense stand-off since March , when Russia annexed Crimea and massed troops along its border with Ukraine . U.S. officials said in late May that thousands of Russian troops had withdrawn from the border . Thousands more who remained appeared to be preparing to depart , U.S. officials said at the time . Western leaders have accused Moscow of fomenting instability in eastern Ukraine . Russian leaders say Ukraine has failed to move to implement a framework for peace worked out in Geneva , Switzerland , in April . They say Ukrainian leaders have carried out a campaign of violence against people living in the largely pro-Russian east . Also on Thursday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin "  held a substantial and long phone conversation , " the Ukrainian President 's media office said , but it was unclear if that conversation occurred before or after the reported tank incursion . The leaders discussed Poroshenko 's peace plan to resolve the situation in the east of Ukraine , the media office said .	Russian tanks crossed border into Ukraine , Ukrainian Interior Minister Aresn Avakov says A skirmish resulted , with Ukrainian forces attacking one column , Avakov says Russia 's foreign minister tells BBC the claims are false Ukrainian President talked to Russian leader about peace plan , media office says
CNN  -- An E. coli outbreak linked to some raw vegetables has killed at least six people and sickened hundreds in Germany , national and global health authorities said Monday . The first investigation results released by the German federal unit responsible for disease control and prevention -- the Robert Koch Institute , under Germany 's Ministry of Health -- indicated that the most recent infections were likely caused by consuming raw tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce . The agency said it is advising consumers to avoid eating those foods , specifically in northern Germany . The institute is investigating six deaths , according to the World Health Organization . Three of those fatalities , all adults , were caused by hemolytic-uremic syndrome , or HUS , from E. coli . The other three fatalities -- all of them elderly -- were caused by an infection linked to HUS and E. coli , said Dr. Guenael Rodier of the World Health Organization . The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control said 329 cases of HUS have been reported since May 2 . Though HUS is normally seen in children younger than 5 , the vast majority of the current outbreak 's cases are adults , and more than two-thirds are women , the center said Monday on its website . "  The source of the outbreak is under investigation , but contaminated food seems the most likely vehicle of infection , " it said . Most of the patients are from , or have been to , northern Germany , primarily Hamburg , Northern Lower Saxony and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , it said . Cases have been reported in Sweden , the United Kingdom , Netherlands and Denmark among people who have visited Germany , most of them northern Germany , it said . The European Food Safety Alert Network said EHEC , or enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli , a strain of E. coli that causes hemorrhage in the intestines , was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany , and distributed to countries including Austria , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Germany , Hungary , Luxembourg and Spain . The Spanish Agency for Food Safety and Nutrition issued a statement saying that two Spanish companies producing cucumbers may be involved in the outbreak , and the agency is awaiting further results from Germany 's investigation . "  This is the eye of the storm , " said Oliver Grieve , a spokesman for the University Medical Centre Schleswig-Holstein , where one of the deaths occurred . "  We 're working 24 hours here , and we 're getting patients from all over northern Germany including Hamburg . " As of Monday , 115 patients were infected with EHEC -- 68 in the medical center 's Kiel campus and 47 in its Lubeck campus . Eighty-two patients were stricken by HUS -- 42 in Kiel and 40 in Lubeck , he said . The fatality , an 86-year-old woman , died of HUS ; her husband remains hospitalized with EHEC , Grieve said . "  Patients are coming in waves , " he added . Cases of bloody diarrhea associated with HUS were first reported in Germany in the second week of May . The detection of E. coli on cucumbers was first reported on May 26 . Germany 's Federal Ministry of Food , Agriculture and Consumer Protection advised consumers to cook their food to a minimum temperature of 70 degrees Celsius  about 160 degrees Fahrenheit  for at least two minutes to kill any E. coli bacteria . Freezing food does not kill bacteria reliably , the ministry added . Russia said Monday it is suspending all imports of vegetables , including tomatoes , cucumbers and salad leaves , produced in Germany and Spain . The Russian Federal Agency for Health and Consumer Rights , Rospotrebnadzor , said on its website that it has not received information from the European Union on the causes of the infection and the measures taken to "  localize and eliminate the outbreak . " "  A decision might be taken in the next few hours regarding the ban on imports and sales of vegetables in Russia from all EU countries , " the agency said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : The patient makeup is atypical "  This is the eye of the storm , " says a hospital official in northern Germany At least six deaths have been linked to E. coli Russia bans vegetable imports from Germany and Spain
CNN  Like many of his counterparts across the world , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was quick to stand with France in the wake of the deadly attack on the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . While most people in India were equally disgusted by the events in Paris , others felt it was preventable . Opposition National Congress Party lawmaker Mani Shankar Aiyar wrote an opinion piece claiming the magazine was "  virtually inviting a reaction week after week . " Kiran Bedi , a politician and former senior police officer , tweeted : "  France Terror-Shoot-Out sends a message : why deliberately provoke or poke ? Be respectful and civil . Do n't hurt people 's sensitivities ! " But in a post on its Facebook page , the country 's Aam Aadmi Party , or the "  Common Man 's Party " that just swept state elections in Delhi in an unprecedented victory , pointed to an issue much closer to home . "  A lot of you have expressed shock at the attack on satirists Charlie Hebdo and have shared some of their cartoons as well . But did you know that doing so can get you jailed here in India ? " The use of controversial cartoons had reignited a furious debate about freedom of expression in the world 's most populous democracy . Take the case of Ambikesh Mahapatra . In 2012 , the chemistry professor was arrested for circulating by email a cartoon that poked fun at West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee . The cartoon , which was a parody of a scene in a popular Indian movie , went viral on social media . He was charged with a range of offenses including defamation , insulting a woman and sending offensive messages from a computer . Mahapatra called the charges a misuse of the law "  in the name of surveillance , to curb democratic rights , freedom of speech and human rights of common people . " Cyber law in India stipulates that alleged offenders could face up to three years in jail for posting material that is "  grossly offensive , " has "  menacing character , " -- or perhaps even more ambiguously -- causes "  annoyance or inconvenience . " Delhi went one step further in its digital crackdown in 2011 . The so-called "  intermediary guidelines " implicated web platforms themselves . The rules now require Internet companies to take down any content seen as "  disparaging , " "  blasphemous , " or "  defamatory " within 36 hours of a user submitting a formal request for removal . In Mumbai , India 's financial center , police spokesman Dhananjay Kulkarni told CNN that some 650 posts and pages were blocked last year under these regulations . Google says that in the last half of 2013 , it removed 540 items from its pages in compliance with orders issued by Indian courts , government agencies , and law enforcement . It 's a similar story with Facebook . The social networking site took down nearly 5,000 pieces of content reported by the Indian government in the first half of 2014 . Meanwhile , MouthShut.com -- an Indian equivalent of Yelp , which allows online users to write reviews of products and services -- has taken its case to the country 's Supreme Court to protect what it says are the rights of Indian citizens and consumers enshrined by the Indian constitution . A number of companies had objected to negative feedback and applied to have comments removed under the guise of "  harmful speech " in current legislation . The question marks over India 's Internet freedom come at a time when Modi is planning to splash out $ 17 billion to build a fiber optic "  broadband highway " that will cover the entire country . If the prime minister 's ambitious plan bears fruit , more than a billion Indians will be surfing the web for the first time within three years . But a rapid rise in access to the web potentially exposes millions of ordinary Indians to a new threat . "  Schemes like this will bring the bulk of Indian communications online and therefore , open to interception , unless we regulate this before we start . Unless we have proper laws , " said constitutional lawyer Bhairav Acharya . Ultimately India is an important case study in how developing markets deal with regulating an increasingly connected society . "  A lot of people do n't see the relationship between free speech and privacy , " explained Acharya . "  But when you survey communications and intercept private communications ... this has a chilling effect on free speech . " In 2013 , the Indian government rolled out the Central Monitoring System , a mass surveillance system capable of intercepting all phone and Internet-based communications . Human Rights Watch warned of its potential to threaten civilian rights , given the Indian government 's "  reckless and irresponsible use of the sedition and Internet laws . " As of the time of writing , India 's Telecom Minister had not responded to multiple requests for comment on this issue . Later this year , an Internet surveillance mechanism called NETRA -- an acronym for network traffic analysis -- is expected to go live . Its exact functions have n't yet been spelled out by the government , but Acharya pointed to its possible use as a tool for untargeted , dragnet surveillance . The Defense Research and Development Organization -- reportedly the architect of NETRA -- has refused to comment on the project . Where privacy rules dovetail with Modi 's digital aspirations is especially troubling . "  If you have Digital India and NETRA hand-in-hand -- in effect , what this scheme will become is a large , massive surveillance project , " warned Acharya . It 's not all necessarily bad news for India 's future Internet users . In the latest Freedom on the Net report , of all 65 countries surveyed , India showed the biggest improvement worldwide where Internet freedom was concerned . Relaxed restrictions on access and content -- plus a drop in the number of arrests for social media posts -- pushed India up in the rankings . Behind the gains -- the country was not , as regularly , calling into action its existing Internet controls . So , it was n't that policy was being reformed ; it 's that these controversial provisions were being called upon with less frequency than in past years . A more lenient approach was reinforced only last week when Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta -- India 's third most senior law officer -- said posts made "  on any Internet medium which were not grossly offensive would not be treated as a criminal act . " In effect , that could mean dramatically reduced restrictions over what can be freely said in posts made on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter . But ultimately , the government is bound only by its written submissions , so it remains to be seen whether these verbal concessions will find their place in ink in the Indian penal code . For now , this spate of embroiled cyber legislation is under deliberation in the country 's highest court . Cyber security expert , Vijay Mukhi , will be among those looking to see where the anvil falls on digital freedoms . For him , the answer is simple : "  Let society or the legal system decide what must be seen on the Internet , not the state or the police . "	Attack on Charlie Hebdo reignited a furious debate about freedom of expression in India Offenders can be jailed for posting material that is "  grossly offensive , " causes "  annoyance or inconvenience " Facebook took down nearly 5,000 posts reported by the Indian government in the first half of 2014
It 's finally legal to swim off the shore of Orange Beach , Alabama , after a crowd of sharks dispersed into deeper waters Tuesday , officials say . The trouble on Orange Beach began Friday when a helicopter pilot took a picture of five sharks circling a boat near Perdido Pass . The pilot relayed the picture to the city administrator , who told lifeguards to get swimmers out of the water . What on Earth eats a 9-foot great white ? On Saturday afternoon , double red flags -- warnings to would-be swimmers to stay out of the Gulf of Mexico -- were raised over the half-mile stretch of beach where the number of sharks continued to grow . "  There have been a significant amount of shark sightings prompting us to close the water in these areas . It is unlawful to enter the water when double red flags are flying , " read a Saturday post on the Orange Beach Fire Department 's Facebook page . From that point , the situation only got worse . Orange Beach safety director Melvin Shepard , who says swarms like this are extremely rare , told CNN he saw a photo of 18 sharks in the same stretch of water Sunday . "  I 've lived on the coast here my whole life , and I 've never seen a group of sharks as large as this one , " said Shepard . So what 's drawing the sharks ? Shepard has a hunch . Coastal Alabama is known for its fresh seafood , and fishing boats are a common sight on the horizon . It 's customary for fishermen returning to port to clean their catch and dump the waste material -- heads , tails , guts , bones -- into the water , leaving it to the mercy of the tides . "  When the water gets pulled out into the Gulf , the carcasses go with it . ... If  sharks  see a free meal , they 're going to come get it , " Shepard said . Drawn ever closer to the source of their free lunches , the sharks could have entered waters close to shore , setting off the dangerous state of affairs in Orange Beach . The sharks began to move away from the beach Monday . According to the fire department 's Facebook page , aerial reports from that evening showed substantial dissipation in the sharks ' ranks . It was not until early Tuesday afternoon that Orange Beach was given the all-clear . The ban on entering the water was lifted after officials aerially observed only a few sharks off the jetties at Perdido Pass . Rare goblin shark was n't the only thing that surfaced Human remains found in search for woman ` taken ' by large shark in Australia	Ban on swimming off stretch of Orange Beach , Alabama , lifted as sharks disperse Saga began Friday when helicopter pilot witnessed five sharks near Perdido Pass On Sunday , photo showed 18 sharks in same stretch of water , official tells CNN Sharks perhaps lured by fishermen cleaning their catch , tossing remains overboard
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  Reuters  -- Archaeologists have discovered what they think are ruins of an Aztec pyramid razed by vengeful Spanish conquerors in what is now one of Mexico City 's most crime-ridden districts . Construction workers unearthed ancient walls in the busy Iztapalapa neighborhood in June , and government archeologists said Wednesday they believe they may be part of the main pyramid of the Aztec city , destroyed by conquistador Hernan Cortes in the 16th century . Iztapalapa , now infamous for violent crime and drug dealing , has grown into a sprawling , poor district of the capital , obscuring the ruins . "  We knew the general location but could n't explore because it 's a big urban area , " said government archeologist Jesus Sanchez , who is director of the site . Iztapalapa 's ruler , Cuitlahuac , nearly annihilated Cortes and his Spanish troops in 1520 in what became known as the Sad Night . After eventual victory , Cortes destroyed the city . Sanchez hopes he has found the city 's main pyramid just below the neighborhood 's central plaza and garden . He and his team will spend more than a year investigating before deciding whether to excavate . Mexico City is littered with pre-Hispanic ruins . In October , archeologists in the city 's central Zocalo square unearthed a 15th century Aztec altar and a 12-ton stone idol just yards from choking downtown traffic . The Aztecs , a warlike and deeply religious people who built monumental works , ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean and encompassing much of modern-day central Mexico . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Ruins of an Aztec pyramid uncovered in Iztapalapa neighborhood , Mexico City Iztapalapa is a sprawling , crime-ridden district The Aztecs ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean
CNN  -- Apple 's voice assistant took an extended coffee break on Thursday . Asked by the blog VentureBeat what she 'd been doing during an apparent service outage , Siri , the voice-controlled "  assistant " that 's the standout feature of the new iPhone 4S , replied in a way that would raise any employer 's eyebrows : She just listed the names of a bunch of day spas . "  Siri where have you been all day ? " the blogger asked . Her response : "  I found 12 places matching ` All Day ' ... 11 of them are not far from you . " Well , at least she responded . For much of Thursday -- five hours , according to CNN 's partner site Fortune -- Apple 's voice-controlled assistant was n't functioning at all for some people , apparently because of a server outage . Siri needs to communicate with computers that are in the cloud to understand and process voice commands , leading observers to believe something went wrong with that system . Apple has n't commented on the outage and did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for information . Many iPhone 4S users , when they asked Siri questions Thursday , reported being greeted with this : "  Sorry , I 'm having trouble connecting to the network . " That message came even when phones were connected to Wi-Fi or 3G networks , according to the reports , which surfaced on tech blogs and Twitter . Some Siri users felt kind of lost without their personal assistant . That 's pretty amazing when you consider that Siri is definitely a new hire . The iPhone 4S went on sale October 14 . But some people already have come to depend on her in those three weeks . "  I  t was awful . I had to use the annoying google app to find a jamba juice !! " the Twitter user @The_Beer_Baron_ wrote in response to a question from CNN about the outage . "  She 's usually pretty reliable although sassy , " that user said . Tech writers debated which management style might be best for this errant helper . Sarah Perez at TechCrunch thought it might be best to cut her some slack . Or maybe not . "  Granted , Siri is still a beta product -- and this is what happens to beta products -- but when Apple promotes Siri as one of the best and OMG-gotta-have-it new features of its latest device through its cloying new TV ads , it 's worth noticing when the service does n't quite deliver as promised , " she wrote . Others see her responsibilities -- namely answering her owner 's questions , finding directions , calling people and looking up songs to play -- as unrealistic given Siri 's job qualifications . Maybe it 's too much to think the servers that run Siri -- a complicated and fairly new technology that 's been tried and failed before -- would always be up and running . "  Not only is AI still in its infancy -- a condition it 's been in for more than half a century -- but it relies in its current incarnation on networks and servers whose unreliability you can bank on , " Philip Elmer-DeWitt wrote on Fortune 's Apple 2.0 blog . "  Good thing the iPhone still has a touchscreen . " Things may turn out OK though . So far , no one seems to want to fire Siri just yet . Well , except maybe this Furby .	Siri , Apple 's voice assistant , experienced an outage on Thursday Apple has not commented on the reported outage Siri is a feature of the new iPhone 4S that answers questions Some iPhone owners have come to depend on her since phone 's release three weeks ago
London  CNN  -- Defense lawyers for two sisters accused of embezzling money from celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi argued Wednesday that they were caught in the middle of a personal battle . Prosecution claims that Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo embezzled money have not been proved , their respective defense lawyers said in their closing arguments in a west London court . Both defense lawyers questioned Nigella Lawson 's credibility as a witness and said their clients ' claims that she repeatedly used drugs were relevant to that issue . The case has gripped UK media , thanks to revelations of drug use by Lawson and intimate insights into her troubled marriage to Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . Both sisters deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars from the couple , saying their personal spending on Saatchi 's company credit cards was authorized by Lawson . Lawson and Saatchi divorced this year after a very public argument at a London restaurant . Elisabetta Grillo 's defense lawyer , Anthony Metzer , told the jury that Elisabetta was the "  soft underbelly " by which Saatchi was attacking Lawson , adding that his client had been very close to the chef and her family . "  My client has been caught in a collateral crossfire like a child in an acrimonious divorce , " he told the court . The jury must be sure that Lawson had not authorized her spending "  explicitly or implicitly " over the four years in question if they were to convict Elisabetta , the lawyer said . Karina Arden , representing Francesca Grillo , said she had made no attempt to hide her spending , so it was impossible for Lawson to say she was ignorant of it . She also stressed that Lawson was not on trial . "  This is not a day for you to say ` ooh , I like Miss Lawson , I like her cooking programs , ' " she told the jury . "  This is a trial of my client . " Arden added that the prosecution had failed even to pin down the amount Francesca Grillo is alleged to have embezzled . ` Bolder and greedier ' However , Jane Carpenter , giving the prosecution 's closing argument in the case , said that the sisters had abused their position "  time and time again " and that they "  grew bolder and greedier " as time went by . "  Just because Saatchi is a wealthy man , obviously it does n't mean he should be defrauded by the staff , " Carpenter said . "  That seems to be what the defense are putting forward . " Carpenter said both sisters admitted they had used the company cards , given to them for household expenses , for personal expenditure . When they were first asked about that spending by Saatchi 's accountant , they at no point argued then that it had been authorized , she said . They had sent a letter to Lawson and Saatchi apologizing for the personal expenditure and had offered to pay it back , she said . The sisters knew Lawson had used cocaine after the cancer diagnosis of her late first husband and used the revelation to cause a sensation at the trial , Carpenter said . She told the jury the only possible verdict in the case was guilty . ' A case with no winners ' Allegations of repeated drug use by Lawson have played a central part in the evidence presented to the court . The Grillo sisters , while acknowledging that they had never seen Lawson taking drugs , both said they had seen indications of frequent cocaine and cannabis use . Metzer said the allegations about Lawson 's drug use were relevant because the issue had an impact on the chef 's credibility . The only real evidence about Elisabetta 's spending was from Lawson , he said . "  This is a case with no winners , " Metzer said . "  Not Mr. Saatchi , not Ms. Lawson and certainly not my client . " Arden suggested the court could not trust Lawson 's evidence because it was not in her interest for the truth about her drug use -- which was hidden from her then-husband -- to emerge . She said that if Lawson had admitted authorizing the Grillo sisters ' expenditure , Saatchi "  would have been on her back . " Lawson had to think of a way "  to stop the dark secret coming out , " Arden said . "  There was a massive attempt to limit the damage . " She added , "  My client is somewhat piggy in the middle . " ' A life problem ' In her own testimony , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times , during two periods of her life , and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user , saying , "  I did not have a drug problem ; I had a life problem . " Saatchi had said in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in his testimony before the court last month , he backed off that claim . In the e-mail , which the defense shared with the court at a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the two assistants would probably "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Recounting Saatchi 's testimony , Carpenter said he had never intended for that e-mail to be made public . He was being particularly nasty at a time he was upset after their separation and divorce , she said . Like the Grillo sisters , Saatchi told the court he had never seen Lawson taking drugs , Carpenter said .	NEW : Francesca Grillo 's defense says Nigella Lawson was trying to hide a "  dark secret " Elisabetta Grillo 's defense says she is victim of a battle between warring couple Prosecution says two sisters should be found guilty of fraud Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo deny embezzling money from Lawson and Saatchi
CNN  -- Writer and producer Larry Gelbart , most known for his work on the hit television series "  M * A * S * H , " died Friday morning in his Beverly Hills , California , home , his wife said . He was 81 . Larry Gelbart said , before "  M * A * S * H , " a TV set only produced feeling "  if you touched it while you were wet . " Gelbart died of cancer , Pat Gelbart said . The family will hold a private memorial service . Throughout his career , Gelbart developed a portfolio of more than 40 works spanning radio , television , theater and film . His fascination with radio as a child inspired him and influenced his evolving career . "  I never had any aspirations of -LSB- a -RSB- literary career , but writing for radio seemed to be a natural extension of being such a radio fan , " Gelbart told CNN in 1999 . "  So when I got my chance , that 's what I did . " Barely out of high school , Gelbart began as a comedy writer for radio in the 1940s . He wrote for various programs , including the Fanny Brice show and "  Duffy 's Tavern . " While in the Army , he wrote for Armed Forces Radio . Later , he joined the staff of Bob Hope 's show and jump-started his own television career as a TV writer for the star . Gelbart went on to write skits for the live comedy "  Your Show of Shows " in 1953 , winning two Emmys for his work . " ` Your Show of Shows ' was successful , was wildly successful . Not just because it got there first , but because it got there first with so much , " Gelbart said . The 90-minute variety program was one of the first televised sketch comedy shows . Gelbart took his work to another stage , winning two 1963 Tony awards for his Broadway musical hit , "  A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum . " In 1972 , Gelbart helped create the Korean War comedy drama "  M * A * S * H. " The show went on for another 11 years , although Gelbart only wrote and produced "  M * A * S * H " for the first four seasons . "  M * A * S * H " won 50 awards , including eight Golden Globes . "  M * A * S * H " was so popular it lasted much longer than the Korean War itself , and was seen as a commentary on American involvement in the Vietnam War . Gelbart also was involved in the short-lived sequel , "  After MASH . " For Gelbart , "  M * A * S * H " mixed a bit of comedy with drama , allowing viewers to connect more with the story . "  I said once that the only way before 'M * A * S * H ' you would get any feeling out of your television set is if you touched it while you were wet , " Gelbart said . He added : "  We gave the audience permission to feel bad . Because America was feeling pretty rotten then , we were at war in Vietnam . And once the war stopped we did n't start feeling really terrific right away , if we ever will again about that situation . " Gelbart continued steamrolling through the industry , with works including the 1982 hit film "  Tootsie , " "  Oh , God ! " in 1977 and the 2003 film "  And Starring Pancho Villa As Himself , " which starred Antonio Banderas . "  Tootsie " earned Gelbart an Oscar nomination for best writing .	Gelbart died of cancer at age 81 , his wife says Gelbart 's film-writing credits include "  Tootsie " and "  Oh , God ! " Gelbart started in radio , moved to TV as writer for Bob Hope He said about "  M * A * S * H : " "  We gave the audience permission to feel bad "
Madrid  CNN   CNN  -- A man who took a dangerous selfie during the running of the bulls in Pamplona , with the half-ton beasts right behind him , is still on the run -- but this time from the police . The thin , bearded man , so-far unidentified , faces a fine of about $ 4,100  3,000 euros  under new Pamplona city rules that aim to make the globally famous bull running slightly safer . The eight consecutive days of running ended on Monday , with a total of 42 people taken to hospital during the week . Among them , eight men who were gored , including three foreigners -- American Bill Hillmann , 32 , of Chicago , and two Australians , ages 26 and 24 , whose names were not immediately released . The so-called "  selfie man " escaped injury on the tumultuous fifth day of the running last Friday , but could have caused harm to himself or others , which is why authorities passed the new rules . Carrying any device to record video or take pictures is prohibited during the running , because it distracts the runner from trying to stay out of harm 's way , and doing anything that endangers others is considered a serious offense , according to the city 's new rules . On Spanish state television 's official video of the running , the selfie man is seen toward the end of the 850-meter , or half-mile , course holding a recording device that looks like a phone , high in his right hand . This is just before the bulls enter the bullring on a downhill slope , and the pace is fast . The man appears on the video at one minute and 56 seconds after the run began , on the right of the street , with the bulls a few steps behind . At 01:57 , he turns his head , left over his shoulder to glance back at the bulls , still holding the camera , and at 01:58 he starts to head for cover on the left side of the street . He dashes across the street in the middle of oncoming runners -- somehow not colliding with any of them - and he 's off camera by 01:59 , the video shows . Police have not yet found this man , who was wearing a traditional red long-sleeve top and white pants . The most dangerous day of the running turned out to be the last , on Monday . A brown bull became separated from the pack on a well-known curve , not quite halfway in to the course , and caused havoc . There were just five injuries by goring in the previous seven days , but on the final day , there were three more gorings . These included the two Australian men , with the 26-year-old listed in serious condition with three separate goring wounds , and the 24-year-old receiving a goring to his right thigh ; and a 21-year-old Spanish man who was also gored three times . Hillmann , of Chicago , who was gored on the third day of the running in his right thigh , had just co-authored a book , entitled : "  Fiesta , How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona . " Other contributors to the book include John Hemingway , grandson of Ernest Hemingway , who brought global fame to the ancient tradition though his 1920s novel , "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title , "  Fiesta . "	Man took a selfie during the running of the bulls in Pamplona , Spain Authorities outlawed carrying of cameras at event to try to prevent runners being distracted Eight people were gored by bulls during the eight-day event
Washington  CNN  -- The Republican Party will not provide a formal response to President Barack Obama 's speech on jobs , a senior GOP aide said Tuesday . "  This is not a State of the Union Address , " said a senior GOP leadership aide , who spoke on condition of not being identified . "  The  House  speaker is opening Statuary Hall  in the Capitol  to media following the speech , giving every member of Congress the opportunity to provide a reaction to the president 's address , " the aide said . Obama plans to unveil a major jobs initiative to a joint session of Congress Thursday . After the scheduling brouhaha over the president 's State of the Union-style speech was resolved last week , Republican aides in the House and Senate were noticeably mum about details of the official response , which typically all the major television networks carry about five minutes after the president 's speech in the House chamber ends . "  Republicans are , and have been , entirely focused on job creation , " said Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio , on Tuesday . "  Every member of Congress , and -- more importantly -- the American people , will provide a reaction to the president 's address . We trust in the good judgment of the American people , and the president 's proposals will rise or fall on their own merits . " In the past GOP leaders have chosen rising political stars in their party including Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana to respond to the president 's speech . In January Republicans tapped House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to give the official GOP response to the president 's State of the Union speech . In September 2009 , when Obama delivered a major speech on health care to a joint session , Louisiana Republican Rep Charles Boustany , a heart surgeon , was picked to present the GOP health care plan . CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	No one will provide the usual network rebuttal Instead , Republicans will fan out in Statuary Hall to respond "  This is not a State of the Union Address , " a senior GOP aide says
CNN  -- "  You are my duchess " was one of the first catcalls Elana Adler wrote down in 2008 , after she got into the habit of jotting down the unwanted attention she received from strangers in the streets of New York . Something about it seemed so "  dated , " she said , and it stuck with her . So would many more of the icky comments from strangers , prompting her to keep a running log of them . Most of the time , she does not respond , and the callers usually seem annoyed by her silence . When she has responded , the outcome is usually , " ` Who , me ? What did I do ? How dare you respond to me like that ? ' " she recalls . "  I never understood what the callers really wanted to get out of it . " Finally , she decided to do something with them . She began cross-stitching them into samplers in what she calls an effort to reduce "  the complex emotional experience " of being taunted with harassing , vulgar sentiments into "  a simple piece of women 's work . " A sampler is a decorative piece of embroidery , traditionally included in a hope chest , that demonstrates proficiency in needlework . It also requires a lot of time and concentration . "  I wanted to laboriously and painstakingly give attention to all these phrases that were verbally thrown at me in a moment , " she said . "  Needlepoint made sense to me because of its connotations and how it historically references women 's work . I also liked the idea of how laborious it was . That these statements would stick to me or be in my mind for a very long time . " She has created 32 samplers for the series , "  You are my duchess . " She started out with simple words . Now she creates designs around the words , in what she calls the "  beautification " of an assault . "  The first time I made one , well , I just sat down and started . Then I wondered why I was doing it because it was going to take so long . At that point , looking at one little embroidered phrase that had taken me 8-plus hours to make , well , I wondered how far I would get doing it . I just wanted to have a large collection of them . Power in numbers . "  The more I did them , the bigger and more detailed I wanted them . Now , if I want to start one , I can not help but think big . Big is good , but it takes a long time . " What 10 hours of street harassment in NYC looks like	Elana Adler cross-stitched harassing comments into 32 samplers The series is called "  You are my duchess " The samplers reduce street harassment into a "  simple piece of women 's work "
Paris , France  CNN  -- Three French hostages kidnapped in Nigeria have been released , the French government said Wednesday . French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner announced their release "  with great joy and deep relief , " saying the Nigerian authorities had told him the news . The three French nationals were taken hostage in Nigeria September 22 while on a boat belonging to the oil services company Bourbon . They all appear to be in good health "  despite difficult conditions while in captivity , " Bourbon said Wednesday . They are undergoing medical and psychological tests under the company 's care in Nigeria before returning to France , the company said . Kouchner expressed his "  gratitude to the Nigerian authorities for the constant mobilization that led to the release of these three hostages . " They were captured in an attack on their ship , the Bourbon Alexandre , Bourbon said at the time . It 's not clear who captured them , but rebels said the following day that they had located them . "  The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta can confirm that it has located the three abducted French nationals and another individual abducted in a separate incident on the same night , " the group said in a statement September 23 . "  We are in negotiations with the abductors towards effecting a transfer of the men to the custody of MEND . " The statement by the group 's spokesman Jomo Gbono did not give details on who the kidnappers were . MEND did not issue a statement Wednesday when the French nationals were released . It is not clear who the fourth hostage was . Sixteen crew members were on the Alexandre when it was attacked by speedboats , Bourbon said . Thirteen remained on the ship and were unhurt , the company said . The company provides ship and underwater services to oil and gas clients worldwide . MEND , the key militant group in the oil-rich Niger Delta , is an umbrella organization of several rebel groups . It has been battling the government for years over a more even distribution of the country 's oil wealth . CNN 's Christian Purefoy in Lagos , Nigeria , contributed to this report .	French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner greets the news with "  great joy " They were kidnapped September 22 while working for an oil services company It is not clear who kidnapped them , but a rebel group said it found them
CNN  -- The family of American student Amanda Knox is happy that new DNA analysis has called into question her murder conviction , but wo n't celebrate "  until she walks out of that prison , " her mother said Thursday . In an interview with CNN 's "  Newsroom , " Edda Mellas said her daughter is "  not taking anything for granted . " But a priest who was visiting Knox reported the results were met with "  jumping and hugging " on Wednesday . "  There are many people that support her , " Mellas said . "  He said he could finally see the light back in her eyes , and she looked like she could finally breathe after three and a half years . " Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were found guilty in the 2007 killing of Knox 's roommate , Meredith Kercher . Kercher was found dead in the villa she rented with Knox in the central Italian university town of Perugia , semi-naked and with her throat slashed . In December , Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison . But Wednesday , forensic experts told an Italian court that the DNA evidence police used to link Knox to the murder weapon may have been tainted . The next hearing in her appeal is scheduled for July 25 , with further hearings on July 30 and August 1 . Mellas said a decision on the appeal could come in late September . She said her daughter was "  a naive , idealistic , easygoing 20-year-old " when she was arrested , but has "  gone into her own little shell " while in jail . "  She 's definitely grown up , " Mellas said . "  She 's had to learn how to survive and take care of herself . She has become much more closed in that environment in order to kind of survive . " At the trial , prosecutors said a knife found in Sollecito 's home had traces of Knox 's genetic material on the handle and Kercher 's in a tiny groove on the blade . Investigators also traced DNA on Kercher 's bra to Sollecito . But in a 146-page report , forensic science professors Carla Vecchiotti and Stefano Conti concluded that while Knox 's DNA was present on the knife handle , tests for Kercher 's DNA were unreliable . "  There is no conclusive scientific evidence regarding the nature of the blood , " the their report states . It added , "  It can not be excluded that the result obtained from sampling the find B  knife blade  could be the result of contamination " occurring at any stage of the testing process . Investigators did not follow "  international inspection procedures and protocols for gathering and presenting evidence " in testing either the knife or the bra fastening , " they found . Prosecutors say the knife had been used to stab Kercher in the neck and that it had been cleaned . The DNA matter attributed to Kercher consists of flesh , not blood , they say . But the sample was so small that forensic scientists investigating Kercher 's slaying were unable to double-test it in accordance with international forensic science norms , which Knox 's legal team says raises doubts about its validity . Defense lawyers also say the tiny metal clasp from Kercher 's bra , which was cut from her body after her murder , may have been contaminated because it was not collected as evidence until nearly six weeks later . In an appeal hearing Monday , Knox took to the stand herself following testimony from a third person convicted in the case , Rudy Guede . It was the first time the three defendants had appeared in court together since a preliminary hearing years ago . Guede , who was found guilty of murder in a separate fast-track trial and sentenced to 16 years , refused to say Knox was not involved in the killing . A prosecutor then read out a letter sent by Guede in 2010 in which he said he thought the American and her then-boyfriend had killed Kercher . An emotional Knox responded , saying : "  The only time that Rudy Guede , Raffaele Sollecito and I were in one room together was in a court room ... . He knows what the truth is . I do n't know what happened that night . " Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	A favorable DNA report was met with "  jumping and hugging , " Knox 's mother says Evidence involved in Knox 's conviction could have been contaminated , experts say Knox and her ex-boyfriend were convicted of killing Knox 's roommate , Meredith Kercher She was sentenced to 26 years in prison , but is appealing the verdict
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie blasted Democrat Mary Burke on Monday , saying the Wisconsin gubernatorial hopeful ca n't be trusted after her campaign hired a political consultant who appeared to plagiarize parts of her job plan from other candidates . "  I do n't think they were teaching plagiarism at Harvard Business School . I do n't think they were teaching you to cut and paste other peoples ' work and call it your own , " Christie said at an event for Republican Gov. Scott Walker in Hudson , Wisconsin . Burke , a former Trek Bicycle executive who has a business degree from Harvard , fired consultant Eric Schnurer earlier this month after BuzzFeed reported that portions of her jobs plan were apparently plagiarized from former candidates in other states . Chris Christie builds profile as he eyes 2016 presidential run "  If you ca n't trust her honesty and her integrity when she tells you that this is her plan , why would you trust her honesty and integrity on anything else she tells you about what she 'll do for Wisconsin or about Scott 's record ? " Christie said . "  You should n't trust any of it . " Burke 's campaign did not return a request for comment from CNN . Her team added citations to parts of her jobs plan and fired Schnurer . According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Burke said last week that her jobs plan did not violate her principles . "  When you put together economic development plans , this is about bringing in the best ideas , " she said . "  And this is not anything more than bringing good ideas to Wisconsin , to the plans on how I 'm going to move Wisconsin forward . And in describing some of these ideas , similar language was used by the consultant that was used in those ideas that he incorporated in other candidates ' plans . " Walker is in a tight race with his Democratic challenger . A recent poll showed Walker with a slim three-point advantage over Burke . Christie 's appearance for Walker , a fellow potential contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination , came the same day as first lady Michelle Obama campaigned for Burke in Milwaukee . "  She is in this for the right reasons , " the first lady said at a rally for Burke . "  She cares about people . She does n't care about politics . "	Chris Christie stumps for fellow Gov. Scott Walker in Wisconsin Christie dings Walker 's opponent , Mary Burke , over a plagiarism scandal Polls show Walker and Burke are in a close race for governor First Lady Michelle Obama campaigns for Burke
CNN  -- When the lights went out during the magic show , the Costa Concordia passengers watching thought it was part of the act . Then there was a scraping sound , the ship began to list to one side and a panicked evacuation began . One year ago , on January 13 , 2012 , the Costa Concordia struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio , killing 32 people and shaking an industry that prefers to be known for fun in the sun and endless entertainment . Capt. Francesco Schettino may be indicted in the next few weeks on charges that include manslaughter and abandoning ship before his passengers , and other Concordia executives and crewmembers may also face trial . The ship is still in the water . Salvage experts hope to float the ship by the end of summer 2013 and eventually tow it to an undetermined port for salvage . Since the disaster , safety policies have been reviewed and changes made to make cruise travel safer . To find out what changes passengers can see aboard ship , CNN.com interviewed Cruise Critic editor-in-chief Carolyn Spencer Brown , a veteran of more than 200 cruises . Spencer Brown has sailed with all of the world 's top cruise lines and many lesser-known lines . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity : How has the cruise industry changed in the wake of the Costa Concordia disaster ? The primary change , and the most important change , that we 've seen in the wake of the tragic capsizing of Costa Concordia is a renewed commitment to safety on a global level . It 's not that cruising was unsafe before . But the idea that something this disastrous actually did happen has made the cruise industry determined never to suffer a repeat . The other big change ? This accident was sobering for cruise travelers , many of whom in the past might have tried to skip the muster drill or chat away during the safety instructions . Cruise Critic readers understand , better than before , that while the cruise lines are responsible for safety , they too have a role to play in cruising safely . Post-Concordia , I 've been to 14 muster drills -- on a variety of ships and cruise lines -- and have noticed that people take them much , much more seriously now . They listen . And on one ship passengers even asked questions . I have never seen that before ! What changes do passengers see ? The most important change , and the first improvement to come out of the tragedy , was a new muster rule . Before , cruise ships could hold the muster , also known as the safety drill , up until 24 hours after sailing  though to be honest , most did do musters before the ship left port  . Now , the drills must be completed before sailing . This is important because several hundred passengers who 'd boarded Costa Concordia the day it ran aground had not yet attended a muster -- and so did n't have the information on what to do in case of an emergency when they needed it most . Is cruising safer now than before the Concordia incident on January 13 , 2012 ? Absolutely . There have been 10 initiatives put into place by the industry since the accident that address a range of issues , from limiting bridge access to carrying significantly more life jackets than needed to standardizing , to some extent , the muster drill . What should passengers do when they board a ship -- and when they 're at sea ? First and foremost , they need to listen to the ship 's crew members . From officers to bartenders and from spa massage therapists to kids ' club counselors , every one of them is required to undergo consistent training via numerous drills , covering issues like evacuation , serious health emergencies and fire . If you 've ever stayed onboard while a ship 's in port , you 've probably heard the drills being conducted over the loudspeaker . So it 's crucial that passengers know they should follow directions issued by crew . Also , when passengers first start their cruise , they may not feel like hearing about safety instructions when there 's a holiday waiting to start , but they need to focus and listen at the muster drill . Beyond that ? Relax and have a good time . How should passengers go about choosing a safe ship ? Is there a Good Housekeeping-type seal of approval from various associations or travel agents ? There is n't one specific place to go for information . At the end of 2012 , all of the disparate cruise industry policy - and marketing-related organizations all over the world banded together to issue global safety recommendations and ultimately merged into one cohesive organization under the umbrella of the Cruise Lines International Association . CLIA has been actively working with the cruise industry and safety regulators to come up with a series of new regulations and guidelines , all in response to the tragic Costa Concordia event . Separate from CLIA are government bodies in the U.S. like the CDC , which operates the Vessel Sanitation Program , and the U.S. Coast Guard , which oversees safety inspections and ensures compliance with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea . Travelers can reference CDC reports by visiting the CDC website , and we also have a quick reference guide on Cruise Critic . Coast Guard incident reports can be found on the U.S. Coast Guard website . How can passengers stay healthy aboard ship ? Our top tip for staying healthy on board is always to wash your hands frequently , as you would anywhere where there are a large number of people interacting with one another . In addition to hand washing , also be sure to take advantage of hand sanitizer stations throughout the ship . For travelers who know they are susceptible to seasickness or worry that they may be , they should come prepared with ginger candies , acupressure wristbands or over-the-counter medicines like Dramamine . It 's also important to answer health forms honestly prior to boarding the ship . If a passenger shares that they 've been feeling ill prior to debarkation , the cruise line can take the appropriate precautions to ensure that the illness is not spread to other passengers -- a benefit to the sick passenger , as well as their fellow passengers .	January 13 marks one year since the Costa Concordia wrecked off the coast of Italy Since the accident , the cruise industry has revised procedures including safety drills Cruise Critic editor calls the new muster drill standards the most important reform Cruise travelers are taking safety more seriously , she said
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The numbers tell a small part of the story : Eight dead in a bomb blast . The names that police have released so far reveal a little more . Anne Lise Holter , 51 . Tove Ashill Knutsen , 56 . Hanna M. Orvik Endresen , 61 . Kai Hauge , 32 . But a 16-minute video shot in the immediate aftermath of the explosion in Oslo , Norway , brings home the horror of what happened there on July 22 in a completely different way . It 's not so much the sight of papers fluttering out of the shattered windows of office buildings , or even the red cables sticking out of the ripped concrete pavement . It 's the sounds . The whimpering of a woman near tears moments after the bomb blast . The constant crunch of broken glass underfoot . The urgency in the voices of passersby trying to help the wounded . The insistent alarm bell ringing a three-second warning , pausing as if for breath , and ringing again . And again . And again . And again . And again . And finally , the siren of a single ambulance , long after the explosion that smashed Norway 's calm . The video was shot by Johan Christian Tandberg , who was driving through a tunnel under the government building that was the target of the attack when the bomb went off . Authorities have charged Anders Behring Breivik , an apparent right-wing extremist with a hatred of Muslims and multi-culturalism , with setting off the bomb . He 's also charged in the shooting deaths of 68 people at a Labour Party youth camp on Utoya island , where he eventually surrendered to police . His lawyer says he admits carrying out the attacks . People all over Norway sat in front of their televisions and cried when they heard the next day how many people had died , and they are still crying , Tandberg told CNN Thursday . What he saw when he came out of the tunnel last week "  looked like a war zone , " he said , adding that he immediately thought of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks in the United States . He grabbed a camera and started filming on the spot . The resulting video shows central Oslo littered with street signs ripped out of the ground by the blast , insulation torn from buildings , and people wandering in shock . He follows a man though a damaged building , looking for wounded people but finding only offices in complete disarray , furniture tossed around and ceiling panels hanging down . Back on the streets , at least one person is seen with a cut on his leg , and several people cluster around another casualty . All the faces in the video are blurred . An emergency services worker makes an urgent-sounding call into a radio . Smoke rises over a building in the near distance . Tree branches litter the ground . A woman weeps . And the alarm bell rings . And rings . And rings .	Johan Christian Tandberg was at the scene when a bomb went off He grabbed a camera and started filming Tandberg says the 9/11 attacks were the first thing he thought of The sounds of alarm bells and broken glass crunching underfoot punctuate the video Apparent right-wing extremist Anders Breivik is charged with the bombing and mass shooting that killed 76
We were like David against Goliath . We fought long and hard , and in the end we prevailed . After 14 long years in the dustbins of Congress , mainly due to strong opposition from the Catholic Church , the Reproductive Health  RH  Bill was approved by both the Senate and the House of Representatives on Monday , 17 December 2012 . Indeed , there is no force more powerful than an idea whose time has come . And the time for a Philippine reproductive health law is now . The Philippines remains one of the poorest countries in the world because , among other things , for a long time , it refused to acknowledge what could easily be seen when one glances out the window : the country desperately needs a reproductive health law . Not having a reproductive health law is cruelty to the poor . The poor are miserable because , among other reasons , they have so many children . Providing reproductive knowledge and information through government intervention is the humane thing to do . It can help the poor escape the vicious cycle of poverty by giving them options on how to manage their sexual lives , plan their families and control their procreative activities . The phrase "  reproductive rights " includes the idea of being able to make reproductive decisions free from discrimination , coercion or violence . Many poor women do not receive information on how to receive reproductive health care . Our underprivileged women have to accept standards lower than what they need , want , or deserve . According to the Department of Health , the mortality rate for Filipino mothers increased to 221 per 100,000 live births in 2011 from 162 per 100,000 live births in 2009 . But not only do the women suffer , the children do , too . The children remain undernourished and undereducated because their parents are ignorant about reproductive health care and choices . In short , the bill merely wants to empower a Filipino woman from the poorest economic class to march to the nearest facility operated by the Department of Health or the local government unit , to demand information on a family planning product or supply of her choice . The bill , at the simplest level , wants to give an indigent married woman the freedom of informed choice concerning her reproductive rights . If the bill is highly controversial , it is not because it is dangerous to humans or to the planet . It is not subversive of the political order . It is not a fascist diktat of a totalitarian power structure . The reason this bill is emotionally charged is because of the fervent opposition of the Catholic Church in the Philippines and those who wish to be perceived as its champions . Yet the majority of Catholic countries around the world have passed reproductive health laws , even Italy where the Vatican City is located . Other nations include Spain , Portugal , Paraguay , Mexico , Guatemala , Ecuador , Colombia and Argentina . Apart from the Catholic Church , all other major religions in the Philippines support the RH Bill . Other major Christian churches have not only officially endorsed the bill but have published learned treatises explaining their position . Support also comes from the Interfaith Partnership for the Promotion of Responsible Parenthood , the National Council of Churches in the Philippines , the Iglesia ni Cristo and the Philippine Council of Evangelical Churches . The position of these Christian bodies is supported by the most authoritative body of Islamic clerics in the Philippines , the Assembly of Darul-Iftah of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao . These constitute the top-ranking ulama , deemed to have the authority to issue opinions on matters facing Islam and Muslims . In 2003 , they issued a fatwah or religious ruling called "  Call to Greatness . " It gives Muslim couples a free choice on whether to practice family planning . The Filipino people , regardless of religion , are in favor of RH . In June 2011 , the Social Weather Stations , a survey group , reported that 73 % of Filipinos want information from the government on all legal methods of family planning , while 82 % say family planning method is a personal choice of couples and no one should interfere with it . An October 2012 survey among young people aged 15 to 19 years old in Manila shows that 83 % agree that there should be a law in the Philippines on reproductive health and family planning . This is the will of the Filipino people ; it is the democratic expression of what the public wants from government . The anti-RH groups are mute on this ineluctable fact . Reproductive health care is a human right . The people are entitled to demand it from their government and the government is obligated to provide it to its constituents .	Philippines leader signs divisive reproductive health bill Will open the door for free contraceptives and government-funded sex education Catholic Church says it will destroy marriage and morality in the Philippines Defensor Santiago : Not having a reproductive health law is cruelty to the poor
CNN  -- Five purported Amish splinter group members , who are suspected in a string of hair-cutting attacks on Amish men and women in their community , are scheduled to be back in court Wednesday morning for arraignment , said the sheriff of Jefferson County , Ohio . Four separate incidents are being investigated in the eastern Ohio counties of Jefferson , Holmes , Carroll and Trumbull , said Frank Abdalla , the Jefferson County sheriff . Officials report the first assault happened on September 6 . The last attack was on October 4 , just days before three of the five suspects were arrested . The men are accused of breaking into multiple homes and holding the victims down before using scissors or battery operated clippers to forcibly cut off women 's hair and men 's beards . Lester Mullet , 26 , Johnny Mullet , 38 , and Levi Miller , 53 , were arrested last Friday in Jefferson County , Abdalla said . Daniel Mullet and Eli Miller turned themselves in to Holmes County authorities a few days later . All five men are charged with kidnapping and burglary . They were released on $ 50,000 bond , which was paid by Bishop Sam Mullet , who , according to Abdalla , is the leader of an extreme Amish splinter group . Three of the suspects are Mullet 's sons ; a third is his nephew . Abdalla is not the only one who believes Mullet may be behind the attacks . "  This renegade leader is like a cult , " said Donald Kraybill , an Amish scholar at Elizabethtown College . "  He  Mullet  masquerades under the Amish name , using religion as a way to create a kind of barrier between him and law enforcement . " "  Nothing moves in this  particular  Amish community unless  Bishop Mullet  says it moves , " Abdalla said . According to the sheriff , Mullet instigated the attacks after being "  shunned from his faith some years ago . " "  His behavior contradicts all the standard Amish expectation for behavior , " Kraybill said . The assaults are considered a particularly egregious offense in the Amish society , and can be considered an attack on the Amish identity . "  It 's very shameful , " said Kraybill . As a symbol of adulthood , Amish men typically grow beards after they get married and Amish women do not cut their hair , said Kraybill . The practices are based on biblical teachings , Kraybill said . "  I do n't know of any other cases like this , " said Kraybill . "  Amish-on-Amish violence is very rare . " Kraybill also pointed out that it 's not correct to call the attacks Amish-on-Amish violence because Mullet is not recognized by the mainstream group . Both Holmes and Jefferson counties have large Amish populations . It is rare for the deeply private religious group to involve outsiders in their internal and religious problems . But Kraybill said when it becomes serious or involves some kind of violence , they will turn to outside agencies for help . This "  is a difficult , terrible crime , " Abdalla said . "  We are doing everything we can do . "	The five Amish men face kidnapping and burglary charges The suspects belong to an extremist splinter group , local sheriff says Suspects related to splinter group 's leader , Bishop Sam Mullet Attacks were directed against Amish identity , notably custom of letting hair grow
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A group of Iranian intellectuals released a public apology this week for what they say is a long history of the country 's mistreatment of members of the Baha'i faith . The letter lists 11 reasons why its signatories are ashamed of the past treatment of Baha'is . The apology -- titled , "  We are ashamed " -- was published on the Web site Iranian.com and was signed by 42 Iranian professionals , all of whom do not live in Iran . "  As Iranian human beings , we are ashamed for what has been perpetrated upon the Baha'is in the last century and a half in Iran , " the letter says . In the letter , the group detailed incidents of violence and discrimination that it says the Iranian government has perpetrated against Baha'is . The Islamic republic has been condemned by human-rights activists and governments across the globe for its treatment of members of the Baha'i faith . The Baha'i movement has said that six of its followers were arrested in January in Tehran , including one who works with Nobel peace laureate Shirin Ebadi , the lawyer and activist . Seven leaders of the group arrested in 2008 also remain in jail . Members of Baha'i -- who say they are targeted in the predominantly Shiite nation because of their faith -- have faced arrests and other oppression over the years . They say the persecution is part of a pattern that began in 1979 . That 's when the monarchy of the Shah of Iran was toppled and an Islamic republic was created . Baha'i -- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- claims to have 5 million members across the globe and about 300,000 in Iran . The European Parliament passed a resolution in January that criticized Iran 's treatment of Baha'is . The U.S. State Department also criticized Iran 's treatment of Baha'i followers in a report last year . CNN 's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report .	Iranian intellectuals publish letter of apology to members of the Baha'i faith The apology details alleged offences by the government against them Baha'i members say followers have been arrested , jailed for their faith
CNN  -- When it comes to facial hair , there are few more passionate advocates than Phil Olsen . As the "  founder and self-appointed captain " of Beard Team USA , he was responsible for bringing the sport of competitive bearding to the United States in 2003 . Since then , things have , well , grown . "  It really is quite amazing , " Olsen said from his home in California . "  Interest in bearding worldwide has taken off . "  You see more and more facial hair everywhere you look , and every time , it feels like a little victory for me . Men are finally liberating themselves . " The weird world of ` competitive bearding ' Olsen is one of the "  bearders " behind the World Beard and Mustache Championships , which took place in Portland , Oregon , this weekend . Hundreds competed in categories including "  full beard natural , " "  full beard styled mustache , " "  imperial " and "  freestyle . " World 's most frustrating objects "  Men are competitive . It 's in our very nature , " Olsen said this month . "  So why should n't we compete over our beards ? It is our uniquely masculine quality , the one thing we can do that most women ca n't . " The scale of this event is emblematic of the huge resurgence in beard cultivation over recent years . For Olsen -- who himself sports a 12-inch sculpted Wookiee of a thing -- this burgeoning masculine hairiness is driven by sexual politics . "  For centuries , men have been pressured by women to scrape their faces daily so that they would look more like women , " he says . "  Finally , we have come around to realizing that we should express our masculinity in the natural way , by growing a beard . " So how does he feel about men who shave ? "  I do n't despise the clean-shaven , " he said magnanimously . "  I just feel sorry for them , because they 're not experiencing the majesty of realizing one 's full masculine potential . "  As for the stubble people , they still have to go through the almost daily humiliation of keeping it at stubble length . But at least they 've taken the first step and are not completely emasculating themselves . " The beard as social statement This militant pogonophilia may seem rather extreme . But according to Allan Peterkin , the Toronto-based author of "  One Thousand Beards : A Cultural History of Facial Hair , " the beard has always been a powerful , and often controversial , social symbol . What we can learn from the tattoos of our ancestors "  It 's only recently that men had a choice about their facial hair , " he said . "  In the Victorian period , certain beards or sideburns were the badge of a gentleman or maybe a sportsman . It was a known quantity . " In earlier periods , the climate was even more severe . Alexander the Great banned the beard so that it would not be grabbed in combat ; several rulers , including King Henry VIII , Elizabeth I and Peter the Great , enforced a "  beard tax , " making it a rigid indicator of affluence and social status  in early 18th-century Russia , bearded men had to carry a "  beard token " to prove they had paid up  . "  Traditionally , men have taken their grooming cues from authority figures , such as the king , politicians or clergymen , " Peterkin said . "  We were told by authority figures what it is to be a man , what that should look like . "  There were lots of arbitrary declarations about facial hair , saying it is sinful , or virtuous or whatever . "  It was always for reasons of control . Men wore their allegiance , and an indication of their class , on their faces . " In many parts of the world , this is still the case . The beard is of vital importance in most Islamic societies , for example , and in Turkey , the size and twirl of a mustache shows one 's political affiliations . How facial hair can be used to rebel For these reasons , facial hair , or the lack of it , can traditionally also signify subversion . The whiskys selling for six figures "  Oscar Wilde was clean-shaven when all his contemporaries had a big Victorian beard , " Peterkin said . "  Just by doing the opposite , you make a statement . These days , having a beard is a bit rebellious because it departs from convention . " In the postwar period , the military requirement to shave denoted respectability . Then came the Beatniks and the Hippies and the Freddy Mercury mustache of the '70s , followed by '80s designer stubble and the '90s grunge-style goatee . "  Then all hell broke loose , " Peterkin said . "  In this postmodern period , anything goes , from trim professional beards to hipster madness . "  Men in the West are freer to do whatever they want and keep their jobs , which was just not the case for our fathers and grandfathers . We can express ourselves in all kinds of ways and grow our facial hair in more ways than ever before . " These days , many men grow a beard to reflect transition in their lives , such as a change of career or divorce . Al Gore , for instance , grew a beard after he lost the presidential election in 2000 . By doing this he was changing his public face , demonstrating that he was becoming an academic where beards are welcome . How does a beard change how you are perceived ? But despite the increasingly hirsute-tolerant atmosphere , studies have demonstrated that having a beard dramatically alters how you are perceived -- and not necessarily for the better . It has been argued that a bearded man appears more confident of his strength  since a "  grabbable " beard is a disadvantage in a fight  and immune system  PDF   since a beard can encourage parasites , bed bugs and sand fleas  . He is also perceived to have a higher social status . A number of studies , however , have suggested that a beard makes a man appear more masculine and aggressive ; older ; and , generally speaking , less attractive to women . "  Wearing a beard is a bold statement , even today , " Peterkin said . "  That 's why it evokes so much emotion . And it is why you so rarely see a politician or a banker with a beard . They ca n't afford to alienate a sizable portion of the population . " The strange world of toilet architecture Olsen strenuously disagrees . "  I 'm a lawyer , " he said , "  and I 've never had a negative comment about my beard , not from any client , judge or opposing counsel . "  It has not been a hindrance but an asset at work . It 's a distinction , something that helps people remember me . "  It demonstrates someone who is willing to be an individual , to stick his neck out , to take a risk , to be bold . In many professions , that should increase one 's esteem within the community . " Have we reached ` peak beard ' ? Where now for the beard ? Peterkin believes that the nature of fashion is such that every peak will be followed by a trough , and we shall soon see a decline in the level of enthusiasm for facial hair . Olsen , however , thinks the revolution is only beginning . "  People need to realize that not all beards are created equal , " he said . "  There is a beard to suit every face . They can be groomed , they can be cleaned , and they can be tamed . "  As soon as people start to realize that having a beard is n't the same as not brushing your teeth or taking a shower and that there 's something for everybody , the sky 's the limit . "  Men need to break free . I would like to see the beard championships grow and eventually become on a par with the Olympics . " Snooper 's paradise : A sneak peek inside London 's most prestigious private homes Stunning ` time-slice ' photos capture your favorite landmarks from sunrise to sunset Meet the surrealist behind fashion 's most memorable images	World Beard and Mustache Championships took place in Portland , Oregon One analyst says a beard has always been a powerful social symbol Will bearding continue to rise , or is it due for a fall ? Opinions differ
CNN  -- World number two Rafael Nadal beat Milos Raonic in the second round of the Japan Open for the second successive year on Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Tokyo tournament . Defending champion Nadal , top seed for the Ariake Coliseum event , completed a straight-sets 7-5 6-3 triumph without conceding a break of serve against his Canadian opponent . "  His serve was impressive , especially at the beginning of the match , " Nadal told the ATP Tour 's official website of his 20-year-old opponent . "  It was an important victory for me and now I am in the quarterfinals . Physically I feel fine and I have the motivation to keep going and keep practising hard . " Next up for Spain 's Nadal is Colombian Santiago Giraldo , who ended the challenge of Russia 's Dimitry Tursunov with a 6-4 7-6  7-4  win . Second seed Andy Murray powered past American Alex Bogomolov Jr. , smashing 11 aces on his way to a 59-minute 6-1 6-2 success . "  It was good , " said Britain 's Murray , who has won 18 of his last 19 matches . "  I wanted to get off to a good start , having played a long match against Marcos Baghdatis in the first round . "  It was good to get the first set in 20 minutes . It was a bit tougher in the second . Against Baghdatis I had a lot of long rallies and tough situations I had to get through , so I am pleased with today 's performance . " World No. 4 Murray 's next opponent will be 2002 Wimbledon finalist David Nalbandian after the Argentinean eliminated big-serving Croat Ivan Dodig with a 7-6  7-2  6-2 victory . Spaniard David Ferrer also booked his place in the last eight , the third seed coming back from one-set down against Australian qualifier Matthew Ebden to seal a 4-6 6-2 6-2 win . Meanwhile at the China Open in Beijing Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga moved into the quarterfinals by knocking out Chinese wildcard Ze Zhang . World No. 7 Tsonga , top seed for the tournament , continued his quest for a seventh career Tour title with a 6-3 6-4 success in 77 minutes . The 26-year-old 's win set up a clash with former world No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero after the Spaniard beat compatriot Marcel Granollers 6-4 6-4 . In the women 's draw , Romanian Monica Niculescu continued her unlikely challenge for a second WTA Tour title by inflicting a 4-6 6-1 6-2 loss on fellow-qualifier Virginie Razzano . Niculescu , who defeated French Open champion Li Na in the opening round , will come up against Maria Kirilenko next after the Russian eased to a 6-1 6-2 win over Austria 's Tamira Paszek . Second seed Victoria Azarenka was forced to withdraw from her match against Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , meaning world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki is the only top 10 player left in the draw .	World number two Rafael Nadal beats Canada 's Milos Raonic Top seed Nadal now into quarterfinals of the Japan Open Second seed Andy Murray has also reached the last eight Jo-Wilfried Tsonga into last eight of China Open in Beijing
