CNN  -- A poor workman often blames his tools , and every four years the official World Cup football seems to provide the perfect excuse for poor play . As balls go , the ones created for soccer 's showpiece tournament have often fallen a bit flat . At the 2002 tournament the Fevernova was deemed too light ; four years later the Teamgeist was judged too heavy -- and then came the unloved Jabulani ... Compared to a "  beach ball " by Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas , called "  dreadful " by England counterpart David James and described as "  very complicated " by Argentina 's star striker Lionel Messi -- who had actually been enlisted to help promote the ball -- the Jabulani left the 2010 tournament with a deflated reputation . So it 's over to the Brazuca -- a colloquial term used to describe pride in the Brazilian way of life -- to pump up pride for German manufacturer Adidas , which has been official ball supplier for the world 's biggest sporting event since 1970 . Like those that have gone before it , the Brazuca is debuting innovative technology , as South America hosts the World Cup for the first time since 1978 . It is formed from six identical panels -- two fewer than South Africa 's Jabulani -- which are glued together at a certain level of heat and pressure . But the Brazuca has another important design difference which could kick the problems of its predecessors into touch . "  As soon as I got hold of the ball I could see how different it was from the previous two , " says Dr. Simon Choppin , a research fellow at the Center for Sports Engineering Research at Britain 's Sheffield Hallam University . "  Adidas have come up with a design where they 've got a deeper and longer seam between the panels than on the Jubulani , " he told CNN . "  It seems strange to say , but this is an innovation because it 's more like the traditional , hand-stitched football where the seam is quite prominent on the ball . "  That seam size and the depth are really important in terms of how the ball behaves aerodynamically . " Choppin said the Jabulani "  misbehaved " because of the smoothness it gained through its thermal bonding process . "  The player would strike the ball , and in certain regions of the ball the air was chaotic and in others the air was smooth , " he explains . "  That creates an imbalance in the forces , so the ball tends to get pushed upwards or sideways or downwards . "  With the Brazuca you wo n't get that patchiness of air , you wo n't have areas of turbulent or smooth flow , and that will lead to its trajectory being more predictable , more like a normal football . "  It might be better than other balls in how it consistently rolls , and traveling through the air I think it will be more like the footballs that the players are used to in their domestic leagues . " Adidas is taking nothing for granted and has applied a policy of "  practice makes perfect " to make sure its 2014 World Cup match ball is a success . It is even calling the Brazuca "  the most tested ball Adidas has ever produced " -- and it has the statistics to prove it . "  It was tested in 10 countries , across three continents by more than 600 players and 30 teams , " Matthias Mecking , Adidas business unit director of football , explained to CNN . "  The Brazuca was tested by teams including Argentina and Spain , Bayern Munich and Chelsea and current players such as Messi and Casillas . "  It was also tested in Brazil 's diverse seasons and climate conditions . We tested it in June and July in various cities to replicate the conditions and temperatures during the tournament . "  The ball was also tested at altitude , at 1300m in Sao Paulo and 1600m in Colorado in the United States . "  It was also tested on dry , slightly damp and very wet pitches , and in windy conditions , gusts and heavy rain . " After such a huge tick list , it is no surprise that the Brazuca has received positive reviews from many of the players who hope to kick and curl it to World Cup glory over the next month . "  The weight is really good , which tells me it 's going to be a very reliable and true ball , " says England midfielder and captain Steven Gerrard , who is sponsored by Adidas . "  The players want to try to be as accurate as they can with the ball , and we get a better chance of doing that if the weight 's right because it does what you ask it to do . " Four-time world player of the year Messi said in a similar press release : "  My first impression of the ball is that it 's really good . " Even non-Adidas contracted players such as Wayne Rooney , Julio Cesar and Joe Hart have praised the ball in the buildup to the tournament . The first batch of Brazucas were dropped off to all 32 national federations competing in the World Cup in time for Christmas last year . In May , the 4,000 official match balls to be used arrived in Brazil and the training balls were , in turn , handed over to each federation when they arrived at their warmup camps . With such meticulous planning , the players have had plenty of time to get used to the Brazuca , but will armchair football fans be able to tell one ball from another ? "  If a piece of sports equipment is doing its job , you wo n't notice it , " says Choppin , who has spent much of his career analyzing the behavior of footballs and tennis racquets . "  Previously when these balls wobbled in the air they made the job hard for goalkeepers , so there were more goals , and that 's quite good for the person at home watching . "  Adidas has remedied that behavior so I 'm predicting the Brazuca is not going to do anything completely crazy or unexpected , so maybe we wo n't notice as much . " If the Brazuca does have any hidden idiosyncrasies , then the World Cup 's most gifted players could still turn them to their advantage . "  When the football at one of the previous World Cups started behaving strangely and wobbling in a certain way Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo learned how to kick the ball in that way repeatedly , " Choppin explains . . "  So if a piece of equipment starts behaving differently it potentially gives the player an advantage . "  The best players wo n't complain about it -- they 'll exploit it and use it to their advantage . "  Once he had learned to control the ball , Ronaldo saw it was a big advantage and he started scoring lots of free kicks . " But for those without the rare ability to bend the ball like Ronaldo and Messi , could a perfect football be created ? "  Maybe as technology progresses , we can do away with seams altogether and start with a blank canvas , " Choppin predicts . "  Manufacturers will be able to choose ball behavior themselves by adding indented roughness . "  I imagine a future where you can make a football that 's marble smooth and then you press in the roughness and seams like adding dimples to a golf ball . " Even if the perfect football was conceived and created , there may never be such a thing as a universal ball -- at least not in today 's competitive , commercial market . The raison d'etre for the Teamgeist , the Jubulani and the Brazuca is to showcase Adidas technology and create demand for an exciting new product in front of a global audience . World football 's governing body FIFA is expecting 3.2 billion people to watch some portion of the month-long tournament . As long as Adidas , Nike , Mitre , Umbro and other rival companies are competing to sell sports equipment , then a football with universal match appeal will remain as elusive as the gold World Cup trophy itself . As for the Brazuca , no matter how consistently it performs in Brazil , its fate on future football fields has already been decided . After the tournament the match balls rolled out in Brazil will become another Adidas marketing tool used in giveaways , exhibitions and retails . The march of technology and the demand of the dollar means in many ways the Brazuca has already been consigned to history before the World Cup kicks off .	The Brazuca will be in the spotlight as the new World Cup football for the 2014 tournament The ball is comprised of just six identical panels which are thermally glued together To avoid controversy of past World Cup balls , Adidas has rigorously tested Brazuca Science experts predict it will roll and travel through the air more consistently
CNN  -- Hurricane Sandy gave the Eastern seaboard a real pounding this week , with heavy rain , widespread flooding and high winds . In addition to damage from water and wind , the East Coast is experiencing cascading effects of power outages and disrupted transportation systems . Downed power lines have led to fires and electrocutions . Widespread shutdowns of government and business operations are curtailing economic activity . More than 50 lives have been lost . It is too early to get an estimate of damages , but the economic costs will likely amount to billions or perhaps tens of billions of dollars . The element of risk is epitomized by the disabled boom of a construction crane , dangling 80 stories over the streets of Manhattan , an all-too-real sword of Damocles . Many of the areas buffeted by Sandy were hit by Hurricane Irene in August of 2011 . What is going on ? Is the punch from Sandy or the one-two pounding from Irene and then Sandy a consequence of climate change or an unlucky roll of the climate dice ? The evidence is not yet in for the East Coast in 2011 and 2012 , but the general trends are increasingly clear . In its 2012 report on managing the risks of extreme events and disasters , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  concluded that "  A changing climate leads to changes in the frequency , intensity , spatial extent , duration , and timing of extreme weather and climate events , and can result in unprecedented extreme weather and climate events . " Many observations and many lines of evidence support this conclusion . Yet , the fact that hurricanes and other climate extremes occur only rarely means that it is very difficult to know for sure that the recent pattern is really outside the range of historical variation . Globally , we do n't have conclusive evidence that hurricanes are increasing , but we do see a clear indication that the major storm tracks outside the tropics are moving further from the equator . From the perspective of expected damages , two trends highlight causes for concern . First , economic losses from weather-related disasters have increased over the last several decades . This is mostly because of increases in the value of the assets in harm 's way . Second , sea level is rising . Globally , sea level is now about 6 inches higher than in 1900 . This may not sound like much , but a modest change can have big effects . Flooding from storm surge is a classic threshold event . If the waves are 1 inch below the top of the sea wall , there is no damage . One inch above leads to flooding . This combination of increasing exposure and increasing sea level is gradually notching up the level of risk . What can be done ? For disaster managers , the long-standing foundations for effectiveness are preparation , response , and recovery . So far , disaster management agencies , from the local to the national level , have taken Sandy very seriously , appropriate for a storm of its magnitude . The tradition in disaster management has been to base planning on past experiences . That 's a reasonable approach when the future looks basically like the past . But it is a recipe for regret when climate and development are changing . Much can be done to incorporate new knowledge into disaster management , including steps to reduce the risks of future disasters . One key is recognizing that the future wo n't be like the past . To cope with changes in climate , development and population , we should be building climate and sea level projections into infrastructure planning , building codes and plans for managing disasters . We have the scientific knowledge and engineering knowledge to improve all three phases of disaster risk reduction -- preparation , response and recovery . But we do n't know everything . As a consequence , it is important to make learning by doing an integral part of disaster management . We need to continue to refine our understanding of the role of climate change in altering the risks , at the same time we test technologies and strategies for dealing with a future that we know will be different from the past . Climate change is occurring now . We see its consequences in hotter temperatures , higher sea levels and shifted storm tracks . In many parts of the world , we are also seeing an increase in the fraction of rainfall that comes in the heaviest events . When it rains , increasingly it pours . Climate change over the next couple of decades is already largely baked into the system , but changes beyond that are mostly in our hands . As we learn more about the links between climate change and extreme events , it will benefit all of us to think hard about the opportunities and challenges of getting a handle on climate change , so we control it and not vice versa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Field .	Chris Field : Superstorm Sandy gave the Eastern seaboard a pounding He says rising sea level has greatly complicated problem of protecting coastline Storm tracks outside tropics moving further from the equator , he says Field : One key to disaster planning may be that the future wo n't look like the past
United Nations  CNN  -- The Chinese government could embrace Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo with pride and respect "  with a little twist of the mind , " actor and activist Richard Gere told a small group of activists at a New York rally in honor of Liu , who has been imprisoned by Beijing . The rally took place in Ralph Bunche Park , named for another Nobel Peace Prize winner who was involved in the formation of the United Nations . Standing beneath a portrait of Liu behind symbolic Styrofoam bars , Gere read an excerpt from the jailed dissident 's final statement , "  I Have No Enemies , " issued two days before he was sentenced to an 11-year prison sentence on December 25 , 2009 . "  I hope to transcend my personal experiences as I look upon our nation 's development and social change , " Gere read . "  And to counter the regime 's hostility with utmost goodwill , and to dispel hatred with love . " Gere was invited to remove the first prison bar from the hanging banner of Liu . He joined a group of nongovernmental organization representatives in removing the remaining bars from the banner , created by artists Zhang Hongtu and Tenzing Rigdol . Descending the park steps , Gere said that Liu , alone in jail , is "  more courageous than organizations like the U.N. or the president of the United States . " In the bitter cold outside U.N. headquarters , Gere called for a moment of silence to reflect on Liu 's achievements and on his imprisonment . "  It 's funny , " Gere said . "  It just got a little warmer thinking about those things : Liu Xiaobo , freedom and compassion . " During the Nobel ceremony in Oslo , Norway , earlier in the day , Liu 's prize was placed on an empty chair , symbolizing the winner 's absence . Gere called the empty chair "  an extremely eloquent symbol . " Liu is the first winner in 75 years who was unable to accept the Nobel Peace Prize medal , diploma and accompanying $ 1.5 million check . The last time a winner did not travel to Oslo was in 1935 , when Carl von Ossietzky , a German journalist and pacifist , was barred from accepting the award and attending the ceremony . Ossietzky was imprisoned in a concentration camp and suffering from tuberculosis . The German Propaganda Ministry decreed publicly that he could travel to Norway for the prize , but he was never issued a passport . The government barred the press from mentioning Ossietzky 's prize and decreed that no German could accept any Nobel prize .	Protest to honor Liu Xiaobo draws small crowd Actor reads from a statement Liu issued before he was sentenced Liu is the first Nobel Peace Prize winner in 75 years to be unable to accept the prize
President Barack Obama 's national security adviser said Friday that her full-throated praise of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was appropriate given the former Taliban prisoner 's willingness to go to war for his country -- despite questions about whether or not he deserted his Army colleagues . Susan Rice , who on Sunday said Bergdahl served the United States with "  honor and distinction , " told CNN in an interview that she was speaking about the fact the Idaho native enlisted and went to Afghanistan in the service of his country . "  I realize there has been lots of discussion and controversy around this , " Rice said . "  But what I was referring to was the fact that this was a young man who volunteered to serve his country in uniform at a time of war . That , in and of itself , is a very honorable thing . " The Obama administration has come under fire for the decision to trade five Taliban prisoners previously held at Guantanamo Bay for Bergdahl , who was held for nearly five years . Some soldiers who served with Bergdahl have claimed he deserted his post in Afghanistan . An Army-led investigation , which was conducted in the months after Bergdahl disappeared in 2009 , found he left the outpost deliberately and on his own free will , according to a military official who was briefed on the report . Rice on Syria aid There was no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted , because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't do without talking to the soldier . The military said it is investigating the matter further . Rice said Friday that it was essential for the military to hear Bergdahl 's side of the story before coming to conclusions about what prompted his capture by the Taliban . The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate "  This is a young man whose circumstances we are still going to learn about , " she said . "  He is , as all Americans , innocent until proven guilty . He 's now being tried in the court of public opinion after having gone through enormously traumatic five years of captivity . " If the military finds reason to believe Bergdahl deserted his Army comrades , consequences will be delivered , Rice said . "  But in the meantime , let 's remember this is a young man who volunteered to serve his country . He was taken as a prisoner of war . He suffered in captivity , " she continued . "  He 's now trying to begin the process of recovery . Let 's let that happen . And then let 's know the facts including his side of the story , and then we can make a judgment . " Rice 's comments last weekend were n't the first time she prompted criticism over an appearance on one of Washington 's Sunday talk shows . In September 2012 , she appeared on several programs following the attack on the American diplomatic post in Benghazi , Libya -- and asserted the incident was prompted by a spontaneous protest against an anti-Muslim video made in the United States . The administration later acknowledged the attack was a terrorist assault on the U.S. compound . The "  Susan Rice talking points " have become a political flashpoint , spurring congressional investigations , administration explanations , and -- potentially -- a major headache for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton if she runs for president in 2016 . Rice has said she was simply providing the best information the administration had at the time -- and on Friday , she contended that just because the information she provided that day turned out to be inaccurate does n't mean she 's willfully misleading Americans . "  I 'm upfront with the American people and I always do my best on behalf of my country and I do my best to tell the facts as I know them , " she said . In the case of Benghazi , Rice said she "  provided the best information that the U.S. government had at the time . "  Parts of it turned out to be wrong , " she said . "  I regret that the information I was provided was wrong , that I delivered to the American people . That does n't make me a liar . That makes me a public servant trying to say what we knew at the time . "	CNN conducts interview with National Security Adviser Susan Rice Bowe Berghdahl is being "  tried in the court of public opinion , " Rice says Rice says she never intentionally misled the public on Benghazi or Bergdahl She regrets that the information she provided on Benghazi was wrong
"  Mexico on the 17th woohoo ! " "  On a jet plane . Bye bye USA . Hello Mexico . " "  Last day in Mexico ... I could so live here ... " Judging from social media , not everyone is avoiding Mexico this spring break . And , despite a steady stream of bad press and travel warnings , Mexico is counting on a good year for tourism . Image problem notwithstanding , Mexico has been the top foreign country visited by Americans for more than two decades . Mexico welcomed more than 16 million Americans in 1990 , according to the Department of Commerce 's Office of Travel and Tourism Industries . With a few periods of fluctuation in between , that number reached 20 million in 2010 , the latest year for which data is available from the U.S. Department of Commerce . "  When you hear about swine flu and the drug war and see grisly photos and stories that go along with them , people look at the country on a whole through that light , " said Lonely Planet writer Richard Reid , who has been to Mexico 15 times in his 43 years . "  That 's not always an accurate representation of the entire country . " The Mexico Tourism Board estimates that 52 million domestic and international tourists will visit the southeastern part of the country in 2012 , thanks to growing numbers of visitors from emerging markets and aggressive public relations campaigns to counter the perception that Mexico is unsafe . The southeast consists of resort areas such as Cancun , Cozumel and Playa del Carmen , as well as Mayan cultural destinations , a key area of focus for the tourist board in 2012 . Analysts say efforts to direct tourists to the southeast reflect the experience of most visitors to the country who stay away from areas in northern Mexico plagued by cartel-related violence . "  While there are security concerns in certain areas in the country , particularly in the north , travel to traditional tourist destinations along the Mayan Riviera remain safe , " said Miguel Salazar of the Woodrow Wilson International Center in Washington . The U.S. State Department issued a travel warning to Americans to avoid all but essential travel to all or parts of 14 of 31 Mexican states . No advisory is in effect for Yucatan , Quintana Roo or Campeche , states that make up the Yucatan Peninsula , or for that matter , Mexico City , the nation 's capital . "  The fact that tourist destinations along the Mayan Riviera still remain safe is further underscored by the State Department 's most recent travel warnings , which shows that not all of Mexico is experiencing increased violence as a result of efforts to confront organized crime , " Salazar said . That success might not be evident in the news that comes out of Mexico , but the numbers tell a different story : A record-breaking 22.67 million international visitors arrived in 2011 , representing a 2 % increase from 2010 , according to figures provided by the Mexico Tourism Board . That 's not to say that bad things do n't happen outside the hot zones . In February , 22 Carnival Cruise Lines passengers were robbed of valuables and their passports during a shore excursion in the Mexico seaside resort of Puerto Vallarta in the state of Jalisco . The State Department warning advises travelers to defer nonessential travel to areas of Jalisco that border the states of Michoacán and Zacatecas . It also recommends exercising caution when traveling at night outside of cities elsewhere in the state . The tour was driving on a remote highway about 15 kilometers  about 9.3 miles  outside Puerto Vallarta when an individual held them up , Rodolfo Lopez Negrete , chief operating officer of the Mexico Tourism Board , told CNN . "  I can assure this is an isolated , rare incident that should n't have happened , " he said . "  But at same time , I have to tell you that this is something that could happen anywhere else in the world . " Putting things in context is a large part of Negrete 's modus operandi . While many rushed to interpret the State Department 's recent expanded travel warning as a blow to Mexico , Lopez Negrete said he welcomed the extent to which it pinpointed areas to avoid with specific descriptions and a map and highlighted others where no travel warning was in effect . And while the State Department 's travel warning puts Mexico in the company of Syria , Libya and North Korea , none of those countries is described by the State Department as a place where "  millions of U.S. citizens safely visit " for study , tourism and business . "  We try to put things within the proper context of making sure people understand that if there are problems in certain pockets of the country , that does n't mean the major resort destinations and city center destinations are in danger , " Lopez Negrete said . "  Mexico is a very large country , the size of western Europe , so it 's unfair to paint Mexico with such a massively broad stroke , " Lopez Negrete said in a phone call this week from Germany , where he was representing Mexico in ITB Berlin , the world 's biggest travel trade show . It was a sentiment he would repeat later in the week in response to the Texas Department of Public Safety 's blanket warning against spring break travel to Mexico , citing drug cartel violence and criminal activity . Texas officials highlighted an increase in murders of U.S. citizens in Mexico and other violent crime concerns . "  The Mexican government has made great strides battling the cartels , and we commend their continued commitment to making Mexico a safer place to live and visit , " Texas DPS Director Steven C. McCraw said in a statement . "  However , drug cartel violence and other criminal activity represent a significant safety threat , even in some resort areas . " This is the third year in a row that Texas has issued the warning , prompting allegations from the World Travel and Tourism Council that it was a ploy to encourage domestic tourism , according to Mexican news outlet Notimex . Last year 's announcement prompted similar reaction , with several leading American tourism groups urging Texas to downgrade the warning to an advisory . "  We want to caution consumers against overgeneralizing -- taking isolated events and applying them to the whole country , " said Lisa Simon , president of tour operator trade group , NTA . "  Mexico is a beautiful destination with incredible adventure and cultural experiences available . We advise Americans to travel with professional tour operators , because they know what 's happening in specific areas of the country and can provide safe and secure travel arrangements . " American travel to Mexico has fluctuated over the past few years , coinciding with an overall decline in international travel during the recession , according to U.S. Department of Commerce numbers . Figures from the Mexico Tourism Board indicate that the number of American visitors dropped by 3 % overall in 2011 . But they consider it a promising sign the number of American visitors in the last four months of 2011 was up 10.6 % compared with 2010 . The fluctuations prompted Mexico to woo new visitors from outside the United States by building relationships in emerging markets and easing the visa application process with online portals , Lopez Negrete said . Those efforts paid off in record-breaking numbers for 2011 , with the biggest growth from emerging markets such as Brazil  66 %  , Russia  55 %  and China  30 %  . Those gains tend to be overshadowed by media coverage of cartel-related violence and occasional acts of violence toward tourists . Lopez Negrete acknowledges that parts of Mexico should be avoided , which is why the tourism board has focused efforts on driving visitors to southern Mexico with an emphasis on the "  mundo Maya , " or the Mayan world , and gastronomy tours . The timing could n't be better with doomsday travel ramping up ahead of the alleged Mayan prophecy of the apocalypse . But Lopez Negrete says the push is about diversifying Mexico 's appeal . Mexico 's indigenous roots and UNESCO-honored cuisine have always been a big part of its culture , he said . Again , it seems to be a matter of changing perceptions . "  We see a great opportunity to share a part of our culture that many visitors do n't normally see , " he said . "  For those who 've been to Mexico before , it 's a chance to see the country in a new light . "	Mexico says it expects 52 million domestic and foreign tourists to visit southeast region in 2012 Citing State Department advisories , experts say southern Mexico resorts are safe International tourism council says Texas travel warning is ploy to drive domestic tourism
CNN  -- The New York Yankees made Major League Baseball  MLB  history on Thursday when they became the first team to hit three grand slams in a single game . The match at the Yankee Stadium saw the home team run out 22-9 winners against the Oakland Athletics , with the Yankees hitting home runs with the bases loaded on three occasions . A grand slam is when a team 's batter hits a home run with three of his teammates already stood on the bases , resulting in four runs being scored . Robinson Cano , Curtis Granderson and Russell Martin were the three men on the plate to hit the grand slams for the Yankees -- who sit second in the Eastern Conference behind the Boston Red Sox . "  It 's pretty amazing , " Martin , 28 , told the MLB 's official web site . "  This game has been played for a long time . Pretty much everything has already happened . "  I 'm waiting to see who 's going to hit four -- I do n't know if it 's ever going to happen , but we 'll see . Three is pretty cool . " Center-fielder Granderson connected with the hit which sealed the historic achievement , and the 30-year-old had to look at the stadium 's scoreboard to be sure of what the Yankees had accomplished . "  When I saw it , I was like , ` Oh , wow , ' " Granderson said . "  I 'm surprised it has n't been done before , just with all the great teams and great individual hitters that have come throughout the course of the game . " In the 108-year history of the New York Yankees , the team have only ever hit two grand slams in a match on three occasions -- and never at their own ballpark . Paul O'Neill and Bernie Williams were the last two players to record grand slams in the same game , during a trip to the Toronto Blue Jays on September 14 1999 .	The New York Yankees have become the first team in MLB history to hit three grand slams The Yankees achieved the feat during a 22-9 victory over the Oakland Athletics Robinson Cano , Curtis Granderson and Russell Martin struck the historic home runs
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- A laptop with two touch-screens in lieu of a keyboard , tablets running an unfinished version of Google 's Android , 3-D TV sets that do n't require glasses . These are some of the most buzzed-about gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show , but many of them are n't fully developed yet or primed for firsthand testing . And electronics makers are going to great lengths with smoke and mirrors to hopefully distract audiences from noticing the unknowns -- like how a product actually works when not under carefully controlled conditions . CNN spotted this trend early with tablets we were n't allowed to touch . On Motorola 's popular Xoom units , only videos of the new Android system are shown , not usable software . Research in Motion finally let people get their hands on its BlackBerry PlayBook , but some online blogged their disappointments when they discovered that things like standalone calendar and e-mail clients are seemingly missing from these versions . Getting sneak peeks at unpolished work is part of the fun of CES . But enthusiasm should be tempered because many of the concept products shown in years past have never materialized . Perhaps gadget enthusiasts prefer captivating concepts rather than actual products that may not end up being executed perfectly . The winner of the Last Gadget Standing contest on Saturday was the product that seemed to be the furthest from reality . Acer 's Iconia , a touch-screen laptop with two displays where one replaces a keyboard , won the top honors . Winners are determined through a largely unscientific measurement of crowd enthusiasm . The Iconia would let users type on a touch-screen keyboard similar to the iPad , or draw , flick and zoom with their fingers . Acer did n't announce details regarding pricing or availability . The device was demonstrated onstage using concept videos . Acer presented a corn-ball act , with pretty girls dressed in "  Star Trek " garb and two men posing as the characters Spock and Captain Kirk .  Because all nerds love "  Star Trek , " right ?  . After a first video ran showing the Iconia , the two actors said they would demonstrate the device onstage . As they moved their hands around the laptop set on the podium , the video behind them showed the Spock actor 's fingers manipulating Iconia software . That was until a cameraman for the event began shooting from behind the actors to reveal that they were waving their hands in front of a regular , old laptop with a keyboard . "  You 've got to show our video , guys ! " the fellow dressed as Kirk shouted to the event organizers . "  Iconia is way ahead of its time , Spock . " An actual version of the computer was on display and open for testing at Microsoft 's CES booth . Typing on it is difficult and somewhat uncomfortable . Visually , the software looks like a version of Windows with touch-screen features , like a button to activate the keyboard , duct taped on top . Despite that , Acer still won the Last Gadget Standing competition . The audience was unimpressed with Fujifilm 's FinePix 3-D camera or Samsung 's Nexus S Google phone , both of which are already available on the market . Samsung brought out a guy dressed as a gingerbread man  a costume that looked more like a spastic beaver  to promote the smartphone , which is the only one that comes with the Gingerbread version of Android . Then Samsung spokesman Kim Titus made a series of nauseating puns . "  No biting questions , " he said . Maybe Samsung should have invested in some Stormtrooper costumes instead .	Acer 's Iconia laptop , with a touch-screen instead of a keyboard , was well received A working prototype of the Iconia was not ready to be shown Despite that , the audience cheered for Acer , making the contest winner Iconia
CNN  -- Former South African freedom fighter-turned-president Nelson Mandela made a rare public appearance Thursday as the nation 's parliament met to honor him on the 20th anniversary of his release from prison . "  President Mandela united this country behind the goal of a nonsexist , nonracial democratic and prosperous South Africa , " President Jacob Zuma told lawmakers . Mandela , 91 , is known in the country as Madiba , his clan name . He and his wife , Graca Machel , were present to hear Zuma speak . His former wife , Winnie Mandela , also attended . "  We should reflect on how far we have traveled as a country , " Zuma said . "  Honorable members , we recall the words of Madiba on his release when he said , ' I stand before you not as a prophet , but as a humble servant of you , the people . Your tireless and heroic sacrifices have made it possible for me to be here today . I therefore place the remaining years of my life in your hands . ' "  These words inspire us not to rest until we achieve the ideals of a society free of poverty and deprivation . In the two decades since the release of Madiba , our country has changed fundamentally . " Mandela was already in prison when he was convicted of treason in 1964 and given a life sentence . He was a living symbol of the struggle against South Africa 's racist apartheid system , enacted when he was 30 years old . Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years for opposing South Africa 's government , which enforced its strict segregation laws through brutality . Following his release , he worked with South Africa 's white president , F.W. de Klerk , to end those policies . De Klerk also was in attendance Thursday . The African National Congress -- once again legal after being banned in 1961 -- elected Mandela as its president , and he won South Africa 's presidential election in a landslide in 1994 , the country 's first black president . In his last public words before he was jailed , Mandela said , "  I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination . I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons will live together in harmony , and with equal opportunities . It is an ideal which I hope to live for , and to see realized . But if need be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . " Zuma said Thursday , "  As we celebrate Madiba 's release today , let us recommit ourselves to building a better future for all South Africans , black and white . Let us pursue the ideal for which Madiba has fought his entire life : The ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities . " Mandela is not remembered simply for ending apartheid . He also was behind reconciliation , a painful and lengthy process that attempted to hold those responsible for the brutality accountable for their acts without alienating other white South Africans . He also was instrumental in bringing soccer 's World Cup to South Africa . It will be held there this year , six years after soccer 's world body awarded the event .	Visit to parliament is rare public appearance for Nelson Mandela He is living symbol of struggle against South Africa 's apartheid system Mandela imprisoned 27 years for opposing government , worked to end racist policies He was instrumental in bringing soccer 's World Cup to South Africa
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- AT&T , which has been late to the 4G race , announced detailed plans for its faster , fourth-generation network on Wednesday while showing its first 4G smartphones . The carrier has begun upgrading its network to a protocol with the awkward name of HSPA + and that is faster than today 's 3G . That process will ramp up this year , said AT&T executives at a developers conference here during the Consumer Electronics Show . During the second half of the year , AT&T plans to begin rolling out a more advanced technology called Long-Term Evolution  LTE  , which is very similar to the 4G network Verizon Wireless launched late last year . Both protocols are expected to allow smartphone users to upload and download mobile Web data faster than current 3G networks . Executives for AT&T , the second-largest U.S. carrier by subscribers , were careful to distinguish between the two infrastructures because they believe that having both provides a technical edge . T-Mobile USA , which claims to have the nation 's largest 4G network , has only deployed HSPA + . Verizon skipped over that technology in favor of the faster LTE . And Sprint Nextel uses something entirely different . AT&T says having both technologies in place lets users , when out of range of an LTE 4G network , fall back on the still-fast HSPA + . AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega boasted that as "  something our competitors will not be able to match . " Yet , in an identity crisis that seems to plague the wireless industry , AT&T Marketing Chief David Christopher blurred the lines during his speech . Phones carrying the moniker "  4G " will have only the soon-to-be-dated HSPA + . Christopher said the carrier 's "  blockbuster lineup of 4G tablets " will be led by a touchscreen computer with HSPA + from Samsung Electronics , which will come out in the spring or summer . A tablet with the faster LTE chip will debut in the second half of the year , he said . Unlike competitors , AT&T says it 's upgrading cellular sites that receive the most demand , rather than focusing on rollouts in entire cities . The other three major carriers launched 4G networks in piecemeal -- first rolling out the network , along with 4G laptop cards , and then releasing smartphones for them . Sprint and T-Mobile were without phones to take advantage of their speedier networks for months . Verizon has yet to unveil its 4G phones , but the company is expected to do so on Thursday . AT&T plans to release 20 devices with 4G , starting with HSPA + phones in the next few months . LTE phones will come in the latter half of the year , around the same time as the launch of that network . Smartphone manufacturers Motorola Mobility , HTC and Samsung joined AT&T on the stage Wednesday to show their first few 4G phones for AT&T . "  AT&T is moving ahead so quickly with their 4G rollout , and we are part of that , " said HTC CEO Peter Chou at the event . "  In this era of breakneck technology change , many people want more . " J.K. Shin , Samsung 's mobile president , says the company will add another phone , called the Infuse 4G , to its Galaxy S lineup . The Android smartphone is very thin and has a 4.5-inch touchscreen -- larger than most rival models . It will also have an 8-megapixel camera on the back and another on the front . Motorola 's Atrix 4G phone will have a sure-to-be-fast dual-core processor inside , allowing it to pump out 1080p high-definition video through an HDMI port .	AT&T announces detailed plans for its faster , fourth-generation network at CES AT&T has begun upgrading its network to a protocol faster than today 's 3G The carrier plans to begin rolling out advanced technology called Long-Term Evolution
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities have ended the waiting game over when political pariah Bo Xilai will face court over corruption charges . But the question remains as to what message his trial and punishment will send to the Chinese nation at a time when the Communist Party is pushing a mantra of anti-corruption and anti-excess . The Bo scandal emerged in March last year , just months before a once-in-a-decade leadership changeover that saw Xi Jinping replace Hu Jintao as president . At the time , the Chongqing chief was considered a high-flyer in the complex hierarchy of Chinese politics . That ended when his police chief fled , seeking asylum with a wild story which later proved to be credible , that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , and a family aide had murdered British businessman Neil Heywood . More than one year later , Bo was charged bribery , corruption and abuse of power . He 'll face trial on Thursday , but Joseph Cheng , political science professor at the City University of Hong Kong , says the proceedings wo n't necessarily be about delivering justice . "  It 's a political exercise , " Cheng explained . "  It is not a trial per se but a political settlement . " Bo 's punishment will in part be retaliation for his audacity in challenging Hu Jintao , Xi Jinping and other top party leaders by pushing his own "  Chongqing model " and engaging in public grandstanding , he said . "  It is part of a political game , " Cheng said . "  There have been rumors that many other top leaders were supporting Bo , that Bo had ambitions to replace Xi Jinping . Even after Xi was formally installed as party chief last November , political bargaining continued and involved the question of how to deal with Bo Xilai . " Cheng says Xi will be glad to see the end of the matter . "  Xi wants to clear the land mines ahead of the party meeting , which is expected later this year to launch reform and discuss economic and other important issues . " The leadership might want the issue out of the way , but Bo 's punishment will send strong signals as to how serious the government is about cracking down on political corruption , some experts said . While the indictment did n't mention the specific amounts , sources tell CNN that Bo is accused of accepting about 20 million yuan  $ 3.3 M  in bribes and embezzling six million yuan  $ 1M  . As Chongqing chief , the charismatic Bo ruled with an iron-fist , cracking down on organized crime while promoting "  red culture " that his critics said harked back to the authoritarian era under the late Chairman Mao . Admirers credited Bo for advocating social equality and justice by providing affordable housing , and jailing abusive officials and gangsters . Critics dismissed Bo as a "  clown in Chinese politics " for acting like an authoritarian strongman who resorted to extra-legal measures to get rid of his enemies , and as a "  hypocrite " who took in populist positions while enjoying a luxurious and privileged life . "  Bo Xilai 's case is an individual case , " said Chinese lawyer Shang Baojun . "  This has more to do with his personality . It does n't mean anything . He might not be very corrupt , but his strong personality and many ridiculous activities like ` singing red and smashing black ' have led to his downfall . " "  My conclusion is , the case itself does n't mean much to China 's anti-corruption campaign , but it sends a warning for people like him who would to anything to achieve their goals . " INTERACTIVE : China 's leaders : Who 's who Mo Shaoping , a Beijing-based lawyer who has defended political dissidents , shares the skepticism . "  I believe that anti-corruption in China is a systemic issue , not just about an individual case , " said Mo. "  Many ordinary citizens believe that all government officials are corrupt , and no one should be allowed to slip through . This may be an extreme view but it reflects the view that anti-corruption in China is a systemic issue . " Bo , 64 , is a "  taizidang "  princeling  , a term which refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Mao and former leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past 30 years , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy making body of the Communist Party . Bo caught public attention in 1993 when he became the deputy party secretary and mayor of Dalian . He was credited with the stellar success and transformation of Dalian from an unremarkable port to a modernized city . He was later appointed governor of Liaoning province in 2001 . In 2004 , Bo finally got the chance to enter the elite central committee where he moved to Beijing as the minister of trade and commerce . In 2007 , he was given a seat on the Politburo and appointed party chief of Chongqing where he became well-known for running two major campaigns known as "  chang hong da hei " -- singing red  revolutionary songs  and fight black  organized crimes  . One was a campaign to promote China 's communist past , including public singing of "  red songs " , harking back to old communist values that generated nostalgia for the days of Chairman Mao . The other was a messy crackdown on crime and mafias . The Chinese media is portraying the upcoming trial as a show of determination of the Chinese leadership to combat corruption . Some Chinese netizens agree . "  The indictment to Bo is already an improvement for Chinese legal system , " wrote Zangrenxiongqi on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like microblogging site . "  It shows the determination of the central government to fight against corruption . " "  This is to prove no matter how powerful the person is , as long as he or she violates the law , there will be punishment , " chimed another netizen . But others remain skeptical . "  This is a fight among interest groups , and it is not the first time that this happens , " Riyuezhiguangjushi posted on Weibo . "  When Jiang Zemin was in power , he removed  former Beijing mayor  Chen Xitong . It 's understandable that Xi wants to eliminate Bo Xilai , even Deng Xiaoping has removed  Communist Party chief and rival  Hua Guofeng . This is politics , no right or wrong . It 's just ` those who win become emperors , and those who lose become bandits ' . " Bo 's trial will be held in Jinan , the capital city of Shandong in eastern China , far away from his power base in Chongqing , where Bo still enjoys residual influence . The Chinese authorities are expected to tightly stage-manage events -- unless Bo refuses to follow the script . A source close to Bo 's family told CNN that Bo denies the charges and looks forward to having the opportunity to defend himself in court -- if he is allowed to be heard publicly . That looks unlikely . The Central Propaganda Department has reportedly decreed : "  In coverage of the Bo Xilai trial , the media must use  the state-run  Xinhua wire copy without exception . Do not independently investigate and do not use material from other sources . "	Bo Xilai to face trial Thursday on charges of corruption , bribery and abuse of power Analysts see the trial as a test of China 's legal system and Communist Party policies Bo was chief of Chongqing when his police chief fled , wife later found guilty of murder Politician was stripped of his Party positions and has n't been seen in public for months
CNN  -- Authorities blocked U.S. Sen. Rand Paul at Nashville International Airport on Monday after the Kentucky Republican refused a pat-down at a security checkpoint , his spokeswoman said . Paul told CNN that he went through a scanner at the airport and set off an alarm . He wanted to go through the body scan again instead of getting a pat-down -- claiming that he showed Transportation Security Administration officers his knee and under his socks -- but the agents refused his request , according to the Kentucky senator . "  When an irregularity is found during the TSA screening process , it must be resolved prior to allowing a passenger to proceed to the secure area of the airport , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  Passengers who refuse to complete the screening process can not be granted access to the secure area in order to ensure the safety of others traveling . " The senator said that he did n't think it was "  appropriate " for him to have a pat-down , adding he should have been able to go through the scanner again . "  Is it too much to ask to have a little dignity when you travel ? And should n't an adult be able to get back in line and go through the scanner ? " he told CNN . "  I do n't think that 's too much to ask . " A TSA official said Paul was "  not detained at any point " and left the checkpoint willingly . The official was not authorized to speak for attribution . Paul said he was "  ejected " from the screening area and told he may be subject to a "  full body search " after he began talking on his phone . He was eventually rebooked on another Washington-bound flight , saying that time the screener did not go off when he went through it . "  It tells me that either the machines are inadequate , or they are not telling us the whole story , " said Paul , insisting that two TSA agents told him that the screeners go off randomly -- an assertion the federal agency denies . One of the most conservative members of the Senate , Paul is an outspoken critic of what he characterizes as an overly obtrusive federal government threatening to strip citizens of various rights and civil liberties . During a Senate hearing with TSA Administrator John Pistole in November , Paul argued that the TSA policy of letting children go through the full-body scanners twice -- rather then be subjected to a pat-down -- should apply to adults as well . He predicted that with such a policy , "  you 'll get rid of a lot of the anger and animosity towards the TSA . " On Monday , the senator said he also supported some sort of "  frequent traveler " program -- so that people who travel often are n't as likely to be subject to pat-downs -- and "  selective risk assessments done on people are international travelers  and  people who have ties to groups that may be terrorists . " He added that someone in the screening area should have "  discretion " to decide , on a case-by-case basis , if a pat-down is necessary . "  I think we 've gone overboard ... I feel that our dignity is compromised , but I do n't feel more safe , " said Paul , noting he spoke with Pistole after the incident Monday . "  Regular , ordinary citizens do n't need to be put through this , particularly the frequent travelers . " Rand Paul is the son of libertarian Texas Rep. Ron Paul , a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination . Ron Paul weighed in on the controversy Monday afternoon , calling it an example of a "  police state in this country " that "  is growing out of control . " "  One of the ultimate embodiments of this  police state  is the TSA that gropes and grabs our children , our seniors , and our loved ones and neighbors with disabilities , " the congressman said in a written statement . "  The TSA does all of this while doing nothing to keep us safe . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Aaron Cooper and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Rand Paul says the scanner did n't go off the second time he went through NEW : "  Is it too much to ask to have a little dignity when you travel ? " he says Paul refuses a pat-down at a security checkpoint in Nashville after setting off an alarm The TSA says those who set off alarms "  can not be granted access to the secure area "
The Rijksmuseum , home to one of the world 's most celebrated collections of art and historical artifacts reopened Saturday after a 10-year , $ 489 million rebuilding project which saw many of its treasures travel the world while the gallery was closed . Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands performed the opening ceremony in Amsterdam , one of her final official duties before she abdicates at the end of the month . Once open , the Rijksmuseum will welcome visitors 365 days a year . Thousands attended the ceremony and poured into the museum , eager to reacquaint themselves with old favorites including Rembrandt 's "  Night Watch , " Vermeer 's "  Milkmaid , " and Frans Hals ' "  Merry Drinker , " or to catch a glimpse of new highlights : An Yves Saint Laurent "  Mondrian " dress , a 16th Century sculpture of the "  Mater Dolorosa , " or a war plane dating to 1917 . Interactive : Explore Rembrandt 's ` Night Watch ' "  It is the beginning of a new era , an exciting new future for a new museum , the museum of the Netherlands , " says Rijksmuseum director Wim Pijbes . "  Everything is new . "  Everything has changed , the only thing that has n't is ` The Night Watch ' . It is the altarpiece of the Rijksmuseum , and the whole place is arranged around this beautiful masterpiece . " The new chronological displays place paintings and historical objects alongside each other "  to give context , " says Pieter Roelofs , curator of 17th century art at the museum . The aim , he says , is "  to tell stories , to tell the story of Dutch history and culture . " "  We want to give visitors a sense of time , and a sense of beauty , " says Taco Dibbets , director of collections . "  When you enter the Rijksmuseum , you are transported into another world -- the world of Rembrandt , of Vermeer and of Mondrian . " The renovation has seen some parts of the gallery , designed by Pierre Cuypers , restored to their former glory . The original entrance hall 's opulent stained glass and wall paintings , considered so cathedral-like they sparked protests in fiercely Protestant Amsterdam in 1885 , are back . The four-story library , featuring ornate ironwork , a vertiginous spiral staircase and 5.4 km  3 miles  of bookshelves , is open to the public for the first time . But huge swathes of the gallery have been radically modernized -- Spanish architects Cruz y Ortiz have stripped out the makeshift galleries installed in the museum 's courtyards over the decades . In their place is a huge , bright and airy atrium . Interior architect Jean-Michel Wilmotte has overseen the removal of all potentially distracting elements from the galleries : Gone are the colored walls , heavy drapes and gloomy display cabinets . Instead the jewel-like paintings are hung on minimalist gray walls , priceless items are displayed in ultra-clear glass boxess . If glass boxes are not absolutely necessary , we do n't use them , " insists Roelofs . The whole collection is illuminated with the latest LED lighting . But while the displays themselves are the height of modernity , there is one 21st Century touch missing from the galleries : "  There are no video screens and no computer screens in the galleries , " says Dibbits . "  We believe the works of art should speak for themselves . " In any case , the experts say , most visitors interested in a high-tech view of the collection will have smartphones or tablets with which to access the Rijksmuseum 's new website . While the main museum was under reconstruction , some of its best-known artworks , including "  The Night Watch " were kept on display in a small annexe . Others were lent to exhibitions around the world , from Los Angeles and Vancouver , to Sao Paulo , and to Sendai , after the 2011 Japanese earthquake .	Amsterdam 's Rijksmuseum reopens after a 10-year , $ 489 million rebuilding project Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands opens gallery -- one of her final duties before abdicating The new-look Rijksmuseum showcases 8,000 works of art spanning 800 years of Dutch history At its heart is Rembrandt 's "  Night Watch , " which the original museum was built around
CNN  -- On August 15 , Floyd Lee Corkins allegedly walked into the Family Research Council in Washington , a conservative think tank , and shot the building manager Leo Johnson in the arm , saying something along the lines of , "  I do n't like your politics , " as he did so . Despite his gunshot wound , police say , Johnson was able to tackle Corkins and wrestle his weapon away before he could harm anyone else .  Corkins pleaded not guilty when he was indicted . Corkins was volunteering at a Washington community center for lesbian , gay and transgender individuals and his parents said their son had "  strong opinions with respect to those he believes do not treat homosexuals in a fair manner . " The Family Research Council promotes the view that homosexuality is harmful to society . Three years earlier , also in Washington , rabid anti-Semite James von Brunn was charged with shooting and killing Holocaust Museum security officer Stephen Johns . He died while in custody . Opinion : After 9/11 , how we honored our son 's memory The shootings at the Holocaust Museum and Family Research Council underlined the fact that acts of political violence against civilians , commonly referred to as terrorism , can be carried out by those espousing many different types of ideology . In fact , since the terrorist attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people at the World Trade Center and Pentagon 11 years ago , 19 people have died in terrorist attacks in the United States that were motivated by ideologies that have nothing to do with the ideas of Osama bin Laden , but rather were the victims of terrorists motivated by extreme anti-government views or virulent anti-Semitic/neo-Nazi views . Jihadist terrorists , on the other hand , have killed 17 people , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation from thousands of news reports and court documents .  "  Jihadist " terrorists are defined in this database as those associated with or motivated by al Qaeda , or its affiliates or like-minded groups . There have been 10 deadly attacks in the United States by nonjihadist extremists since 9/11 compared to just four by jihadists .  One of those incidents was at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 in which 13 were killed . The New America Foundation study suggests that law enforcement 's tendency to regard Muslim-American communities as the most likely source of terrorism risks missing the threat from other extremists . Since 9/11 , jihadist and nonjihadist terrorists have killed about the same number of people in the United States , yet 61 % of the 337 people indicted for terrorism-related activities since the 9/11 attacks are jihadists , according to the New America Foundation data . Revisiting the mosque at Ground Zero Since 2009 and 2010 there has been a sharp drop in the number of jihadist defendants , which peaked at 43 and 34 respectively . This year the number of jihadist defendants has dropped to 7 , suggesting that the threat from these kinds of terrorists is receding . The spike in jihadist terrorism defendants in 2009 and 2010 was itself largely due to the indictment of a ring of men in Minneapolis conspiring to send themselves and others to Somalia in order to fight on behalf of the al Qaeda linked militant group al-Shabaab . Nine of the 43 jihadists indicted in 2009 were involved in plans to send fighters to Somalia , and 18 of the 34 jihadists indicted in 2010 were also part of this network . U.S. authorities have recently come under fire for purportedly discriminatory counterterrorism tactics , such as the unjustified monitoring of mosques and cafes frequented by Muslims and the inclusion of language in FBI documents and textbooks that stereotypes or presents factually incorrect information about Muslims . Of course , 9/11 rightly brought great law enforcement focus on possible jihadist terrorists . But the New America Foundation 's data tends to support the view that law enforcement is more likely to target suspected Muslim militants than other extremists . Although authorities are just as likely to use information provided by a confidential informant in the investigation of both jihadist and nonjihadist terrorist suspects , they are far more likely to place an undercover agent with a suspected jihadist terrorist suspect than a right-wing or left-wing extremist . An overwhelming 78 % of the terrorism-related indictments that relied on an undercover agent were jihadist cases . Of the 16 people who have been indicted since 2001 on terrorism-related weapons charges after some sort of sting operation in which the weapons were provided by the U.S. government , 75 % were jihadists . Yet the data indicates that nonjihadist terrorists are actually much more likely to have acquired weapons . Since 2001 , 64 % of the 127 people indicted on terrorism-related weapons charges were nonjihadist terrorists , such as Isaac Aguigui , one of four U.S. Army soldiers indicted in June for allegedly amassing $ 87,000 worth of guns and bomb parts that they planned to use in terrorist attacks against their home base of Fort Stewart , Georgia , and a park in nearby Savannah , Georgia . Belief : Atheists continue battle against World Trade Center cross at memorial Just last month , seven people , including two with links to the militant anti-government Sovereign Citizens movement , were indicted in connection with the shooting of four police officers in LaPlace , Louisiana , two of whom were killed . Authorities say Brian Smith allegedly opened fire with an assault rifle on a policeman directing traffic , and then led cops on a high-speed chase that ended at a trailer park , where others were waiting . The two officers were killed in the ensuing gunfight .  Smith has pleaded not guilty . Additionally , the New America Foundation found that no jihadist terrorists have acquired or even attempted to acquire chemical and biological weapons since 9/11 , while 11 anarchist , white supremacist or right-wing extremists have been indicted for possessing such materials , and another four were indicted for attempting to produce them . Some politicians and much of the public continue to believe that the threat from terrorists comes from violent jihadists , when in reality far-right extremists pose as much or possibly even more of a threat , something that we would do well to consider on the 11th anniversary of 9/11 . Thanks to Megan Braun , Fatima Mustafa , Farhad Peikar , and Umar Farooq for their research help .	In 11 years since September 11 , 2001 , sources of terror in U.S. have been diverse Peter Bergen : Terrorists unaffiliated with jihadi groups have taken a toll He says law enforcement naturally focused on jihadi groups after 9/11 but should broaden scope
Transportation is on the cusp of being radically transformed by the digital revolution . From self-driving cars to intelligent public transit systems , the future of 21st-century transportation is being mapped out right now in Silicon Valley . At the inaugural FutureCast event in Palo Alto , 50 innovative entrepreneurs , executives , policy makers and writers were invited to discuss how online technology is transforming transportation . The goal was to rethink travel in today 's networked society and re-imagine the car , bus and train in the digital age . For David Frigstad , Chairman of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan , transportation is reaching what its "  Kodak Moment . " He was referring to the way in which the photography company Kodak was catastrophically blindsided by the digital revolution in photography . This moment is every traditional CEO 's worst nightmare . But , as Frigstad explained at the discussion , the disruption of today 's network economy , which will enable vehicle sharing start-ups , might actually be good news for the rest of us . "  To have 100 billion cars on the planet that are n't being used is a total waste of materials , gas , petrol , metals , " Frigstad explained . Technology author Larry Downes also stated that a change in the industry is necessary . "  We ca n't go on as we have , " he said . "  We are running out of fuel ; the current set of technologies we have are reaching a natural limit . " Then there 's the impact of the self-driving car , which has the potential to radically reduce car crashes . "  We are looking at 100,000 deaths on the planet every year from automobile accidents , almost half a trillion dollars in damages , " Frigstad said in support of safer , computerized self-driving vehicles . Many of the other participants at FutureCast -- who included executives from General Motors , Tesla , Sidecar , American Airlines and the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency -- agreed with Frigstad 's dramatic vision . John Markoff , The New York Times ' technology journalist , even compared today 's situation to the historic transition from the mainframe to the personal computer . "  If we only need 20 % of the cars we have , " Markoff noted . "  There are some really disruptive things that are going to happen . "	Transportation is set to be transformed by digital technology , says many Silicon Valley commentators Industry needs to avoid being blindsided by rise in digital tech Time is right for more development of self-driving cars , believes David Frigstad , chairman of Frost & Sullivan
CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's longtime partner and attorney Howard K. Stern and two doctors were charged Thursday with conspiring to furnish drugs before her death in 2007 , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend Howard K. Stern was among those charged Thursday . Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 after being found unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino near Hollywood , Florida . The former Playboy playmate and reality TV star died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs . At the time of her death several prescription medications -- both in Smith 's name and that of her partner and lawyer , Stern -- were found in the room . Officials said prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith 's system , including three antidepressants or antianxiety drugs . Also found in toxicology testing was human growth hormone and chloral hydrate , a sleep medication , officials said . Stern , 40 , and doctors Sandeep Kapoor , 40 , and Khristine Eroshevich , 61 , were each charged with eight felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions between June 2004 and January 2007 -- only weeks before the playmate 's death . Kapoor and Eroshevich were each also charged with obtaining a prescription for opiates by "  fraud , deceit or misrepresentation . " Each were also charged with one count of obtaining a prescription for opiates by giving a false name or address , according to the DA 's office . All three were charged with one count of "  prescribing , administering or dispensing a controlled substance to an addict . " Smith was buried in the Bahamas March 2 next to the grave of her son , Daniel , who died in September , shortly after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn .	Howard K. Stern , Sandeep Kapoor , Khristine Eroshevich charged with eight felonies The three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before her death Former Playboy playmate died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs All three charged with giving "  a controlled substance to an addict "
CNN Student News  -- January 14 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Arizona • Brazil • Nevada Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's the best day of the school-week and you 're about to get a front-row seat to world headlines without a single commercial . In other words , CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz ! First Up : Arizona Shooting AZUZ : First up : The giant American flag was recovered in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in New York City . That was a little over nine years ago , the same day that Christina Green was born . She was one of the victims of a shooting last Saturday in Tucson , Arizona . So the flag was raised in Christina 's honor with those who knew and loved the girl walking past it , on the way to a service to remember her . Five other people were killed in the shooting . Speaking at a memorial service for all of them on Wednesday night , President Obama said he wanted America to be as good as Christina envisioned it . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Here on Earth , we place our hands over our hearts , and we commit ourselves as Americans to forging a country that is forever worthy of her gentle , happy spirit . May God bless and keep those we 've lost in restful and eternal peace . May He love and watch over the survivors . And may He bless the United States of America . AZUZ : Arizona Representative Gabrielle Giffords is a survivor of the shooting . She 's one of six people still in the hospital , and the only one in critical condition . Wednesday , Giffords opened her eyes for the first time since the shooting and gave her husband a sign she could hear him . Brazil Floods AZUZ : Australia is n't the only country dealing with ravaging floodwaters right now . We 're gon na take you to Brazil , South America , a nation in its summer rainy season . Rains that are out of hand in some places . We want you to look at this -- families that are in "  extreme risk " of being washed away . This includes people in the mountains , and people near riverbeds , as landslides , mudslides , and rising waters leave thousands homeless . Around 400 people have died , many are missing . Some families are living in schools and gyms . In some spots , the only dry areas you can see are roofs and tree-tops . And more rains are in the forecast . The country 's government is taking some heat for poor disaster planning and allowing people to build homes in dangerous , mountain areas . Etna Erupts AZUZ : This is what happens when Europe 's most famous volcano gets active . Tremors started rumbling in Italy 's Mount Etna on Tuesday . By Wednesday , you can see what was going on . The volcano 's on the island of Sicily , about 18 miles from the nearest town . It may be spewing ash , but it does n't seem to be threatening anyone at the moment . That was n't the case in 1669 , the date of Etna 's most violent eruption , which killed 20,000 people . I.D. Me CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. me . I was born in Atlanta , Georgia in 1929 . My name was changed from Michael King when I was five years old . In 1964 , I became the youngest person at the time to win the Nobel Peace Prize . I 'm Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , one of the most famous figures in the U.S. civil rights movement . MLK Day AZUZ : Many consider Martin Luther King the face of the civil rights movement . Between 1957 and 1968 , King traveled over six million miles and gave more than 2,500 speeches . His message : Equality through non-violence . Dr. King organized boycotts and protests . He worked with presidents on creating civil rights laws . And in 1963 , he helped lead the march on Washington where Dr. King gave his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech . In that , he discussed his vision for a world where people would be judged by their character , rather than their skin color . On April 4th , 1968 , Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in Memphis , Tennessee . Four days later , the idea of a federal holiday honoring him was first introduced in Congress . That proposal became law in 1983 and the first nationwide observance of the Martin Luther King holiday was in 1986 . The holiday is on the third Monday of January every year , which is this coming Monday , January 17th . Many people use it as an opportunity to help out with community service projects . For everyone , it 's a chance to remember King 's dream and the legacy that he left in his work to achieve it . School Lunches AZUZ : Pizza sticks , tater tots , and hot dogs : the government wants those off your school lunch menu and replaced with foods like chef salad , baked sweet potato fries , and whole wheat spaghetti . It 's a new proposal from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and part of the Obama administration 's efforts to cut down on childhood obesity . Healthier foods often cost more , so the government plans to help poorer schools pay for the changes . Critics say it should n't be up to the federal government to decide what schools are allowed to serve -- that it 's a state or local issue . The rule would limit calories for school breakfasts and lunches . If it takes effect , you could see changes several months down the road . Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Goodman 's journalism students at Grassfield High School in Chesapeake , Virginia ! What is the atomic symbol for gold ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Ag , B  Au , C  Go or D  Hg ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Latin word for gold is aurum ; that 's why its symbol is Au . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! How Gold is Mined AZUZ : Gold , money and dreams : A dangerous combination that has been the downfall of many and the success of a few . The California gold rush of 1849 does n't scratch the surface of gold 's historic lure . Ancient Egyptians and Etruscans wore it . Entire currencies were based on it . But why gold instead of other metals ? Well , it does n't tarnish or corrode . It 's easy to work with and shape . And it 's very hard to destroy . Poppy Harlow takes us far underground , where modern miners cash in on methods their predecessors , did n't even dream about . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE , BARRICK CHIEF SAFETY OFFICER : Your self-rescuer is going to go probably on your right-hand side . POPPY HARLOW , CNNMONEY.COM ANCHOR : We 're gearing up to go two miles deep into one of the biggest gold mines in the country . I ca n't believe we 're two Empire State buildings down below the surface of the Earth . And we still have quite a ways to go . Hunting for gold goes all the way back to 4,000 B.C. And today , the obsession continues . Here , in Barrick Gold 's Cortez Mine in rural Nevada , more than one million ounces of gold were mined last year alone . That 's over $ 1 billion worth . DAVE BUNDROCK , GOLD MINER : Geology has figured out where the pot of ore is , then they just point us toward it . HARLOW : But finding gold these days is much more complex and expensive than just , well , panning for it . In fact , you ca n't even see the gold in this mine . I mean , it 's amazing to me to think that this is gold , but it is . RANDY HAGER , GOLD MINER : Yes . HARLOW : It 's right here . HAGER : Yes . You ca n't see it . It 's microscopic . HARLOW : Miners have to drill and blast through layers and layers of rock to reach the gold . HAGER : There 's gold in this . And what I 'm going to do is turn this into a pile of muck . HARLOW : It looks like dirt , but muck is actually gold ore . Tiny particles of gold that will eventually make up a gold brick . HAGER : I 'm going to get about 10 truckloads out of here . About 10 ounces of gold - 10 to 15 ounces of gold at $ 1,400 an ounce . And we 'll do this several times during a day 's work . HARLOW : Not bad money . HAGER : Not bad money . HARLOW : So , after the gold ore is mined , about 400 tons of it goes in massive trucks just like this one . Of that , only four ounces is pure gold . It 's taken , it 's crushed , then it 's taken to a mill and then it 's refined . JULIUS STIEGER , PROCESS DIVISION MANAGER , BRARRICK-CORTEZ : After of the ore is crushed and ground , we leach the gold out . From there we put it into a pressure-cooker environment , high temperature and pressure with various chemicals , and that pulls the gold out . This is the final step before pouring the gold bar . HARLOW : Barrick mines gold for around $ 300 an ounce , and gold is selling for record highs , around $ 1,400 an ounce . Those big margins mean jobs . Something desperately needed in Nevada , a state struggling with the highest in unemployment and foreclosure rates in the country . JOHN ALEXANDER , SHOVEL OPERATOR : I can provide for my family . You know ? And I do n't know any other job in this world that can -- I get paid for what I get paid and survive now these days , the way the prices are . HAGER : There 's job security here with gold that high . Not going to run out of work . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : With snow falling and daily temperatures in the 20s this time of year , ideas for outdoor activities can come to a stalemate . But not for a pair of local artists in Grand Rapids , Michigan . Someone had this kingly idea for them to sculpt an ice chess set ! Do n't know how long they pawn-dered the proposal , but it took over a month and a half for them to piece this together and let the game begin . Goodbye AZUZ : It 's something people can play by day , and by knights . A board to keep freedom in check , mate ! I 'm Carl Azuz , and our next move is gon na be January 18th ! Enjoy the Martin Luther King holiday , and we 'll see you on Tuesday !	Brazil is ravaged by heavy rains and deadly flooding Mt. Etna roars to life with tremors and ash The U.S. government proposes healthier school lunches Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Much has been made of the more than quarter-million homes lost to Katrina along the Gulf Coast , and with good reason . Ride through almost any neighborhood that was hit and even five years later you can see the skeletons of buildings , or empty lots covered with weeds . But to truly grasp the impact of this storm , you also have to consider who lived in those homes : Working families ; the people who make the ports , the fishing business , the oil industry and the tourist attractions work . Florine Jenkins is one of them . Living in the 9th Ward of New Orleans , she has made a living as a housekeeper for many years . She is African-American , and old enough to tell tales of sitting in the balcony that was restricted for blacks at the city auditorium , while she watched white teens on the main floor below bopping to the music of Little Richard and Fats Domino . She fled Katrina and returned to find her home underneath a neighbor 's house . And like many others here , she had no idea how to navigate the bewildering maze of paperwork involved in rebuilding ; forms for insurance companies , government programs , contractors , utility companies , banks , mortgage brokers , on and on it went . "  Did you have any idea how to deal with all that ? " I asked her . She smiled , shook her head , and gave one of the longest single-word answers I 've heard . "  Nooooooooooooo . " Then she met Nikki Najioli . Nikki works for Build Now , is middle-aged , white , looks like the businesswomen she is , and spends her days helping others sort out such problems . In a strange way , it helps that she lost her own home and fully understands the thicket of questions that followed the storm . "  Do you tear down your house ? Do you put it back together ? If you put it back together do you have to elevate it ? If you are going to elevate it , how high are you going to elevate it ? And where 's that money going to come from ? It was just so overwhelming and even today it 's still overwhelming . " Calming down the fears , and restoring the confidence of people who are trying to rebuild , is what Build Now is all about . Simply put , it is a nonprofit construction company that offers an array of modestly priced home designs , an endless supply of free advice to anyone trying to build , and a commitment to bring the working class neighborhoods back . "  This is the living room area , " Ben Seymour , the construction manager for Build Now , says as he shows me around one model under construction in a neighborhood that saw eight feet of water . The house soars high in the air upon pilings driven deep into the earth ; a lovely , modest home with soft colors , elegant lines , and a style that echoes the surviving homes around it . The homes are made without eaves that a storm could snatch at to tear off the roof . The front porch is anchored to the house much more robustly than as customary , so that it too can stand firm . And most importantly , Seymour says , the basic design of the house can be expanded or contracted to fit the needs and wallets of folks who are watching their money . "  You can size it down . It still gives you a big open feel , and it 's built to what you 're going to use . " So in every way , these really are working class family homes ? "  Absolutely . Absolutely , " he says . "  They fit the budget . " Even though this is a nonprofit endeavor , and Build Now does try to help homebuyers find financing , this is not a giveaway program . Each person must pay a fair price . Out on the porch I run into Nikki again , looking out at the quiet neighborhood where a few restoration projects seem to be underway . "  How much do these places cost ? " I ask . "  On average , " she says , "  about $ 150,000 . " Still , for a great many folks , the help they have received from Build Now and other groups which are helping neighborhoods rebuild , is priceless . Florine Jenkins beams as she shows me the rest of her new home in the 9th Ward , now filled with family photos , furniture , and other personal items . I ask her if she thinks , in retrospect , that she could have pulled off rebuilding on her own given enough time . Her answer is emphatic : No way . "  I did n't know nothing about nothing like that . Build Now took care of everything . " It is a heartfelt testimony to success : Once Katrina left her with nothing but questions . Now , once again , she has a home .	New Orleans residents still trying to rebuild homes hit hard by Hurricane Katrina Nonprofit called Build Now guides people through red tape of permits , insurance , financing Organization helps hart-hit neighborhoods such as 9th Ward
CNN  Talk about a "  Modern Family . " Wednesday night 's "  Modern Family " was shot entirely using Apple products . Titled "  Connection Lost , " the episode revolved around the family communicating via all of Apple 's devices -- iPhones , iPads and a MacBook . During the ABC show , character Claire Dunphy uses her MacBook Pro to communicate with her family while sitting at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . The New York Daily News reported that series creator Steve Levitan said the move made sense for the Emmy-winning show because "  We shoot digitally anyway . " "  Our thinking was , why shoot the episode with our sophisticated and ridiculously expensive cameras , only then to have to run it through some process to make it look exactly like an iPhone ? " Levitan asked . Product placement in television series is not new , but "  Modern Family 's " Apple-centric episode is the most extensive example to date . In a segment on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Levitan promoted the episode and said it grew out of him FaceTiming with his daughter . Rico Rodriguez , who plays Manny on the show , told "  GMA " the episode was filmed over two days . It took cast members a little bit to catch on with the new way of filming , but it was fun , he said . "  It takes a lot of work to do it , but if you do it , it 's going to come out great , " Rodriguez said . It 's not the first time "  Modern Family " had an Apple-friendly episode . A storyline during the first season about character Phil Dunphy  played by Ty Burrell  trying to get an iPad came under criticism as an endorsement for the company . But according to The Hollywood Reporter , the show received no money for either that episode or the one Wednesday night . "  There 's no product placement or anything , " Levitan told the publication . "  This just came from life , and it made sense . " Mashable 's Sandra Gonzalez wrote that the episode worked because -- despite the way the plot was told -- "  the show did n't lose its core purpose : to tell a family story . " "  Bonus points to the writers for the great attention to detail , " she wrote . "  Almost everything about Claire 's digital world seemed fleshed out , down to the previous communications with her children . If you looked at the history of Claire 's text messages to Haley , there was one where she had simply written ` chicken and something , ' which we can assume was in reply to a query about dinner . I love that stuff . "	Wednesday 's show was shot using all Apple products Show 's creator said it made sense as the series is shot digitally He said no money changed hands with Apple , report says
Mashable  -- Verizon customers interested in signing a one-year contract  as opposed to the standard two  should lock in their selections now ; the company has confirmed that it is eliminating the one-year contract option as of April 17 . Verizon claims the policy change is taking place because the "  greater majority of customers sign up for a two-year contract . " The nation 's largest wireless provider  at least until that AT&T / T-Mobile deal is approved  previously offered users the ability to sign one-year contracts or contract extensions in lieu of the standard two-year agreement . Customers who opted for the one-year contract were still able to purchase new equipment at a discount , albeit a lesser discount than the subsidized two-year agreements . In an email to BGR , Verizon reiterated that its contract-free month-to-month plans would still be available to consumers . Meanwhile , according to draft circulars obtained by DroidLife , Verizon may be introducing a new month-to-month prepaid plan that offers users unlimited voice and text for $ 50 a month . Data will cost extra  reportedly $ 30 a month for unlimited data  . AT&T recently increased the early-upgrade price on some of its smartphones and feature phones . What do you think about Verizon eliminating one-year contracts ? Let us know . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Verizon eliminating the one-year contract option as of April 17 Company says greater majority of customers sign up for two-year contract Contract-free month-to-month plans will still be available to consumers
InStyle.com  -- It 's sad to see summer go , but fall brings one thing that always excites -- season premieres ! Since viewers tune in for their favorite characters ' wardrobes just as much as the plot twists , InStyle.com rounded up a list of some of the most fashionable TV shows of all time . Sex and the City  1998-2004 There was something for everyone in this dynamic foursome : From sex-pot Samantha  Kim Cattrall  and androgynous attorney Miranda  Cynthia Nixon  to fashionista Carrie  Sarah Jessica Parker  and Park Avenue princess Charlotte  Kristin Davis  , costume designer Patricia Fields loaded the ladies up with designer duds and stylish touches . See all 68 of the most stylish TV shows of all time The Wonder Years  1988-1993 Was there any pre-teen who did n't want Winnie 's  Danica McKeller  hair , bangs , belts and boyfriend ? Whether you lived through that era or just wished you did , the the five-year series nailed '60s / '70s style perfectly , from Winnie 's adolescent evolution to Karen 's  Olivia D'abo  hippie-chic ways . Gossip Girl  2007-2011 When a show centers on Manhattan life , there 's a good chance you 'll see some fashion . Blair Waldorf  Leighton Meester  and Serena van der Woodsen 's  Blake Lively  trendy mixed prints and couture frocks bring as much drama as their peers on the Upper East Side . The entire gang shows off any girl 's style wish list week to week , compliments of star stylist Eric Daman . InStyle.com : Blake Lively 's transformation Charlie 's Angels  2011 The classic crime-fighting trio gets a 2011 revamp -- with a modern-day style refresh . While we await the premiere episode this fall , star Minka Kelly has gushed over her wardrobe of high-end designs , from Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent -- and we 've seen enough trailers to know the entire cast is equally well-outfitted . Bewitched  1964-1972 With the wiggle of her nose , Samantha  Elizabeth Montgomery  could make a closet full of sleeveless shift dresses look like a million bucks . While the costumes husband Darren appeared in  and the antics the family members got them into  were comical and creative , Samantha plethora of pretty day dresses and romantic dressing gowns were a housewife 's dream . InStyle.com : The 12 Most stylish TV housewives of all time Will and Grace  1998-2006 Despite a multiple crumbling relationships throughout the series ' run , Grace  Debra Messing  never once missed a style beat  no sweatpants for this girl !  , while Will  Eric McCormack  kept a closet full of perfectly cut suits on hand . Bonus : Jack  Sean Hayes  gave the ever-polished Grace a run for her money in sweater-vests and suits . Mad Men  2007-2011 Tailored pencil skirts , divine cocktail dresses and absolutely impeccable hair and makeup are the foundation to the ultimate throwback show . In fact , the styles are so coveted , Mad Men costume designer Janie Bryant created a capsule collection of similar styles for Banana Republic . InStyle.com : Christina Hendricks 's transformation Designing Women  1986-1993 Sugarbaker Designs may have specialized in interiors , but the Southern belles at the helm showed their fashion savvy in vibrant poly-blends and contoured cheeks . While the group 's color-bright frocks and high-volume hair may look thoroughly '80s , these ladies were at the forefront of fashion at the time . The Flintstones  1960-1966 Anything but the stone ages ! Micro-minis , exposed shoulders , and statement necklaces showed off the ladies curves . Paired with architecturally coiffed ` dos and a swipe of red lipstick , Wilma and Betty were perpetually primped and ready to go . That Girl  1966-1971 That suit , those gloves , those shoes , that purse . Marlo Thomas played aspiring actress Ann Marie , one of the first portrayals of a career girl  as opposed to a spouse or homemaker  , and she had the wardrobe of a wonderfully independent woman . Her rainbow assortment of mod clothes was the perfect complement to her bubbly personality . See if your favorite stylish TV shows made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fall TV season gives us a glimpse of new stars and their fashion InStyle.com has rounded up some of the most fashionable shows ever on television From "  The Flintstones " to the "  Charlies Angels " reboot , these characters have style
Hong Kong  CNN  -- International golfers were choking on the greens in Beijing over the weekend -- but it was n't due to an outbreak of the yips . Hazardous levels of pollution descended on the Chinese capital during its biggest sporting weekend of the year so far , affecting competitors and spectators alike at an LPGA golf event and the China Open tennis championship , which boasted such big names as Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams . The sight of golfers wearing surgical-style face masks at the Reignwood LPGA Classic was hardly the advertisement that the sport was seeking for the first Ladies Professional Golf Association event to be held in China . Play was delayed for several hours Sunday to attempt to give the smog time to clear , before players including Germany 's Sandra Gal and Colombia 's Mariajo Uribe took to the fairways donning masks . Spectators at tennis ' China Open , where Djokovic triumphed in the men 's final and Williams in the women 's , were also photographed wearing protective face masks . The pollution levels -- which saw visibility drop to less than 500 meters at times , according to China 's National Meteorological Centre , and prompted the U.S. Embassy to advise its citizens to stay indoors and run air purifiers -- has led to questions being raised of the viability of international sporting fixtures in the northern Chinese city , or at least their continued ability to draw big names . Swedish doubles player Robert Lindstedt remarked about the dire conditions in his blog , labeling the air quality "  a disaster " and "  a joke . " "  How much of your life disappears when you spend time here ? " he wrote . "  Already after a few days I feel that I am not doing  too  good . I get dizzy when I get up . Yesterday I could n't recover between points in practice and was breathing heavily the whole hour . If you blow your nose in the evening , the paper turns black . It 's just not healthy to be here . I should probably think about that next year . " David Shin , director of Sporting Republic , a company that organizes sports events in Asia , said it was unlikely Beijing would be able to continue to attract big names at sporting events unless pollution issues were addressed . "  Beijing will always have big sporting events because they 'll get the sponsorship and support from local government . But in terms of the caliber of the athletes -- the top athletes will have concerns about coming to Beijing . Regardless of their prize money and the lucrative offers they 'll get to participate -- they 'll have doubts about whether it will affect their health in the long term . If it does , is it worth coming ? " READ ALSO : Djokovic beats new No. 1 Nadal to retain China Open title Lindstedt is not the first athlete to raise concerns about competing in Beijing 's smog . In 2008 , reigning marathon world record holder Haile Gebrselassie refused to contest the event at the Beijing Olympics due to fears of the impact on his asthma , saying to do so would be "  committing suicide . " A year earlier , the women 's tennis number one Justine Henin pulled out of the China Open in the city for the same reason , while in 2011 , organizers at the event were forced to turn on floodlights in the afternoon to allow play to continue amid the heavy smog . Shin , whose firm organized the Beijing Vertical Marathon up a skyscraper in August , said the capital 's pollution levels were a particular concern for potential participants in running events in the city , and were among the reasons why the city 's marathon , to be held later this month , would likely struggle to attract top-tier talent . "  When it comes to runners , pollution in the air really affects their performance . We have to advise them to actually just stay at the hotel and train in the gym , " he said . "  There are times when I 've stayed at hotels in Beijing and have n't been able to see out the window . " The pollution issue meant the company had to give "  serious thought " to running any sports events in the city . "  As an event organizer safety is our first priority , " he said . "  Even if you have a few serious incidents where people have to go to hospital because of the pollution , then that makes it not worth doing . " The smog , which also grounded a number of international flights out of the capital , came at the end of China 's October 1-7 "  Golden Week " holiday , a peak travel time for Chinese families to travel . Six major highways were closed Sunday , exacerbating the problem . Djokovic acknowledged the pollution issue after the event , saying it was less than ideal , but that players knew what they were dealing with . The Reignwood LPGA Classic was won by one shot by China 's Feng Shanshan , in her second career victory .	Beijing 's biggest sporting weekend of 2013 was marred by hazardous smog levels Players at an LPGA tournament took to the fairways wearing surgical masks Swedish tennis player Robert Lindstedt called the air quality "  a disaster " and "  a joke " Event organizer David Shin says Beijing may struggle to continue to attract top talent
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force is grounding more than 100 planes used to support ground troops in Iraq and Afghanistan because of fatigue cracks in the wings , Air Force officials said Friday . Aircraft like this A-10 Warthog provide close support to ground troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . The officials said 127 A-10 Thunderbolt IIs , including some used in the United States , will be grounded until they are each inspected for the cracks . "  The inspections are a necessary step in addressing the risk associated with A-10 wing cracking , specifically with thin-skin wings . This risk is of great concern to the Air Force and is representative of a systemic problem for our aging Air Force fleet , " the Air Force said . The A-10 Thunderbolt II , nicknamed the "  Warthog " because of its unique un-aerodynamic look , is one of the Air Force 's older aircraft , having first been delivered to the service in 1975 . The average age of the A-10 fleet is now 28 years , but the entire Air Force fleet has an average age of 25 years , according to Air Force statistics . The Air Force has more than 400 A-10s in its fleet . The cracks in the older A-10 A-models and A-10 C-models were discovered at Hill Air Force Base in Utah during routine maintenance . No A-10 has had an accident because of the cracks just discovered , according to Air Force officials . The inspection of the 127 planes will give priority to the planes in the Iraq and Afghanistan theaters of battle , officials said . The plane was designed as a tank killer , with a front-mounted Gatling gun that fires 30-mm armor-piercing ammunition capable of destroying a tank . The planes are now primarily used in Iraq and Afghanistan to protect ground troops in close combat situations , flying low and slow and with the ability to target individuals hidden on mountainsides or rooftops . Last year , the Air Force grounded hundreds of F-15 fighter jets after one fell apart during a training mission . The culprit was a fatigued longeron , a part that holds the fuselage together . Numerous F-15s flying in Iraq and Afghanistan also were grounded until they were inspected , forcing the service to fly other aircraft in their place . The Navy was also asked to help cover the F-15 missions during the weeks they were grounded .	127 A-10 Thunderbolt IIs will be grounded because of fatigue cracks in wings A-10s first delivered to Air Force in 1975 ; average age is 28 years None of the cracks has been attributed to accidents Planes used in Iraq , Afghanistan to protect ground troops in close combat situations
Just days before the Florida State Seminoles play for the ACC football championship , star quarterback Jameis Winston is appearing before a panel that can decide whether he will continue as a student at the university . It 's been almost two years since the Heisman Trophy winner was accused of sexually assaulting a then-FSU student . Winston was not arrested in connection with the alleged December 2012 incident , but he still could be charged by his university with a code-of-conduct violation for sexual misconduct , depending on the results of the school 's investigation . He could face a wide range of sanctions if he is found in violation -- from a reprimand or counseling to probation , suspension or expulsion . "  This is the day that Mr. Winston has been desperately trying to avoid for two years , " John Clune , one of the attorneys representing the woman who accused Winston , told CNN on Tuesday . "  This courageous young woman finally gets the chance to stand up for herself and against Mr. Winston and big-time college sports , which has long run over the rights and protection of women on campus . FSU breaks silence on Jameis Winston case "  Neither Jameis Winston nor his lawyer can stop what is coming . " Winston categorically denied the allegations in a statement . "  I did not rape or sexually assault -LSB- the accuser -RSB- . I did not create a hostile , intimidating or offensive environment in the short period of time that we were together . -LSB- The accuser -RSB- had the capacity to consent to having sex with me and she repeatedly did so by her conduct and her verbal expressions . " He goes on to say , "  Rape is a vicious crime . The only thing as vicious as rape is falsely accusing someone of rape . " It seems improbable that a decision will be known before Saturday , when Florida State -- which has won 28 games in a row -- plays Georgia Tech with the ACC championship and a bid to the four-team College Football Playoff on the line . According to the university , a formal decision letter will be sent within 10 class days from the conclusion of the hearing . Florida State 's investigation was launched under Title IX , which requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault , even if criminal charges are never filed . The hearing has been delayed twice . Tim Jansen , who was Winston 's attorney in the criminal investigation , has said Winston had consensual sex with the woman . According to police documents , the accuser said Winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . The accuser said she did not remember little of what happened afterward , but that she did remember being in a ground-floor apartment where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections . The accuser reported the alleged assault to campus police that night . A month later , in January 2013 , she said the man who allegedly assaulted her was Winston . FSU said in October that Winston informed the athletics department of the allegation after he was contacted by a Tallahassee police detective . The university said the athletics department did not initially file a report with the school 's Title IX administrator because no charges were filed and because other players who were with Winston said there was no sexual assault . A Title IX investigation was opened after media inquiries , and after law enforcement had referred the case to the state attorney 's office . Tallahassee interim Police Chief Tom Coe said last year that the woman "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family says a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . In December 2013 , the Florida state attorney for the judicial circuit that includes Leon County and Tallahassee , announced that investigators did not have probable cause to arrest Winston . Later that month , Winston won the Heisman , and in January 2014 the Seminoles defeated Auburn to win the BCS national title . Winston spent the spring playing for the Florida State baseball team , but off the field he continued to make headlines for the wrong reasons . In April , Winston was accused of shoplifting crab legs from a Publix grocery in Tallahassee . Police said that Winston said he forgot to pay . As part of a civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in Leon County -- Winston was not arrested but was ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , authorities said . In September , Winston was suspended for the Seminoles ' game against Clemson for yelling a sexually explicit remark near the school 's student union . Florida State initially announced Winston would be suspended for the first half of the game after the sexual remark . However , Athletics Director Stan Wilcox increased the punishment the day before the game after hearing eyewitness accounts that differed from Winston 's initial version , a source close to the situation told CNN 's Rachel Nichols . In October , ESPN reported that more than 2,000 authenticated autographs by Winston were discovered online . However , Florida State said its athletic compliance department has not found evidence Winston accepted payment .	Winston categorically denies any rape claim in a statement FSU student conduct code hearing for football star Jameis Winston begins Possible punishment ranges from a reprimand to expulsion from the university The hearing comes just four days before FSU plays for the ACC championship
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " has added a little perspective to users ' gripes about the new iPhone . In a biting sketch on Saturday 's episode , Christina Applegate hosts a fake talk show in which three tech bloggers voice complaints about the iPhone 5 : Its new maps are glitchy , its camera takes purple-tinged photos , its casing scratches too easily , and so on . Then Applegate reveals -- surprise ! -- three other guests : "  workers " from factories in China that manufacture Apple 's phones and other consumer electronics under allegedly inhumane conditions . "  It takes you to wrong place ? " says a factory worker played by "  SNL " cast member Fred Armisen in response to a complaint about Apple 's buggy mobile maps . "  You want Starbucks , it takes you to Dunkin' Donuts ? That must be so hard for you . " This "  First World problem " sarcasm , spoken in over-the-top fake Chinese accents , continues after another blogger mentions apps loading slowly on the new phone . "  Oh , Twitter real slow ? You ca n't read Kardashian tweet about handbag ? " says another worker . "  My brother have handbag , too . He lose hand , keep in bag until he can afford to reattach . " There 's no mention by name of Foxconn , the controversial Taiwanese manufacturer whose China factories produce the phones . A series of suicides by workers at Foxconn 's plants have raised questions about living and working conditions there . On "  SNL , " the three bloggers grow more apologetic and uncomfortable until the skit ends with Applegate inviting the Chinese workers to complain about an American product . "  Let 's see -- what does America make ? " says Armisen 's character . "  Does diabetes count as a product ? "	A "  Saturday Night Live " sketch pokes fun at bloggers ' whining about the iPhone 5 Skit contrasts those gripes with the lives of the Chinese factory workers who build the phones
CNN  The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which is the largest sponsor of Boy Scout troops in the United States , says the church has strong measures in place to prevent the sexual abuse of scouts , as claims have been made it has n't done enough . In the first interview about allegations of abuse in Mormon church-sponsored scouting troops , Church Elder L. Whitney Clayton told CNN that the church is at the forefront for prevention of child abuse . "  We feel like there is really no other organization that we know of -- a church or something like a church -- that does as much as we do , " Clayton said . "  We have a zero tolerance policy or position with respect to child abuse , and we train our people , we teach our people , we work with leaders , we provide materials online and in hard copy . " Over several months , CNN examined allegations of abuse that were detailed in at least five lawsuits filed against the church and the scouts . But Clayton said the church today is proactive , even constructing its buildings "  in such a way as to try to avoid any situation where child abuse could occur . " "  For instance , if you walk down the hallway in an LDS chapel , a Mormon church , and look at the Sunday school classes , you 're going to see windows in the doorways into those Sunday school classes so people can look inside and walk by , " he said . The interview with Clayton followed a CNN investigation into the case of Melvin Novak , who was sexually abused by his scoutmaster , a member of the Mormon Church , beginning when he was 14 years old in 1998 , according to the lawsuit Novak filed against the church and the Boy Scouts of America . The scoutmaster , Vance Hein , had been forced in resign from scouting in the early 1990s after reports surfaced that he failed to report a fellow scoutmaster who was engaged in homosexual activities . That scoutmaster ended up going to prison for sexual assaults on minors . Hein 's name was added to the Boy Scouts of America 's ineligible volunteer files , which are widely known as the "  perversion files . " The documents , which were made public in 2012 , are lists of scout leaders suspected of sexual abuse or homosexual activity . However , three years after being kicked out of scouting , Hein was allowed to rejoin the scouts after getting letters of recommendation attesting to his character . One of those letters was from Hein 's influential Mormon Bishop Jack Moyer , who wrote that Hein was "  highly respected and liked . " Moyer , who is now retired , declined to speak to CNN . But in a deposition taken as part of the lawsuit last year , he acknowledged that he would not have written the letter knowing what he later found out about Hein . The lawsuit charged that Hein "  actively groomed young boys under his charge for later sexual molestation . " Hein eventually was convicted of molesting Novak . He is now in prison for violating probation in the Novak case . Ken Rothweiler , who is Novak 's lawyer , said what happened in the case is outrageous . "  This case is probably the most egregious of all of the cases against the LDS church , and the reason I say that is because the LDS church knew that Vance Hein , this pedophile , was already kicked out of scouting by the Boy Scouts of America , " Rothweiler said . However , church attorney David Pittinsky said it was the Boy Scouts organization that should have done something . "  If the Boy Scouts had disclosed to Bishop Moyer the information they had in their files , there is no way that Vance Hein would have ever become a scoutmaster , and he would have been subject to excommunication by the church , " Pittinsky said . In a statement to CNN , the Boy Scouts of America said Hein was removed from scouting "  for reasons unrelated to child abuse . " The group added , "  Our efforts to protect youth were plainly insufficient , inappropriate or wrong . We extend our deepest apologies to victims and their families . " Read the full response from the Boy Scouts The case ended last year with a confidential settlement paid to Novak , who is now 31 . All but one of the five lawsuits filed against the church and Boy Scouts of America have been settled . Hein was sentenced to probation in 2000 after pleading guilty to indecently assaulting Novak . While on probation , he was arrested for possession of child pornography and was sentenced in 2012 to 15 to 30 years in prison . "  Any case is alarming to me . It 's a tragedy , " Clayton said . "  I 'm a father . I have seven children , four boys and three girls . I have 19 grandchildren . The thought of one of them as a child or youth being abused is absolutely horrific to me . " Asked what he would say to Novak , Clayton said , "  I say to him and anyone else who has been abused in the church or other churches -- I 'm sorry that you 've gone through what you 've gone through . It 's a horrible thing for anyone to be abused . No child , no youth should ever have to go through that . "	Church elder says LDS church is at forefront of preventing child abuse CNN investigated abuse allegations detailed in at least five lawsuits Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is largest sponsor of Boy Scout troops in U.S.
Ten-year-old Nathan Entingh does n't understand why he got suspended from school for three days . According to his father , Paul Entingh , one moment the boy was "  goofing off " with his friends in fifth-grade science class , and the next the teacher was taking him out of the classroom , invoking Ohio 's zero-tolerance policy . The offense ? Nathan was "  making his fingers look like a gun , having the thumb up and the pointed finger sticking out , " said Entingh , describing the February 26 incident . "  He was pointing it at a friend 's head and he said ` boom . ' The kid did n't see it . No other kids saw it . But the teacher saw it , " he said . "  It was n't threatening . It was n't hostile . It was a 10-year-old kid playing . " The next morning Paul Entingh escorted his son Nathan to the principal 's office , where they met with Devonshire Alternative Elementary School Principal Patricia Price . "  She said if it happened again the suspension would be longer , if not permanent , " said Entingh , who also received a letter explaining the reason for Nathan 's suspension as a "  level 2 look alike firearm . " The letter , which Entingh shared with CNN , read , "  Nathan put his fingers up to another student 's head , simulating a gun , and said , ` BOOM , ' " Price 's office referred CNN 's call to Columbus City Schools spokesman Jeff Warner . Price "  has been warning the students for some weeks , " said Warner . "  We 've had a problem at this school . The boys have gone around fake shooting and making paper guns at class . It 's inappropriate . She has sent notes to parents for the past three weeks alerting them of the problem . " Entingh said he never received a notice , but was aware of school authorities telling students , including Nathan , that any gun-related behavior would have serious consequences . "  I do n't know if it 's to the point it happened so much they needed to punish somebody to set an example . I do n't know , it blows my mind , " said Entingh . Warner acknowledged there was likely no ill-intention in Nathan 's actions . "  I know he  Nathan  felt it was funny and in jest , but the teacher felt it was inappropriate given the warnings that were given . " Warner said Nathan was n't singled out as an example , but that his was the first incident after Price gave "  her final notice last week . " Common sense ? Ohio 's "  zero-tolerance " rules in public schools came under attack in January when state Sen. Charleta Tavares introduced bill SB 167 to reverse or reform the original 1998 law introduced as part of SB 55 . The 1998 bill mandated schools "  adopt a policy of zero tolerance for violent , disruptive , or inappropriate behavior , including excessive truancy . " SB 55 also called for schools to "  establish strategies to address such behavior that range from prevention to intervention , " but Tavares believes schools have opted for punishment strategies instead . "  We have moved away from common sense , ensuring that the punishment fits the infraction , " said Tavares . "  We should maintain the highest form of punishment which is expulsion or suspension to those cases that cause the most harm . " Ohio Department of Education statistics show Nathan is n't alone . According to state disciplinary figures for the 2012-2013 school year , a total of 419 statewide students , from various grade levels , were suspended because of an incident in the category of "  firearm look-a-likes , " and an additional 38 students were expelled . In the Columbus City Schools district , where Nathan goes to school , 12 students were expelled because of incidents in the "  firearm look-a-likes " category , while 69 students were suspended . Contrast that with categories such as harassment and intimidation , in which zero students were expelled , though 1527 were suspended districtwide . Tavares has been trying to build consensus for her bill arguing that the current law is outdated because it does n't take into consideration other factors , such as behavior and mental health . "  The bigger issue is that we need more behavior health and counseling at school so we can look at the root cause of why this child is acting out and being disruptive , " said Tavares . Entingh agrees and said he is planning to reach out to Tavares . He has struggled to help Nathan make sense of what happened . "  How much of a threat can it really be for a 10-year-old to hold up his fingers ? " said a frustrated Entingh . "  I would like for somebody to explain this to me because apparently I do n't get it . This is way over the boundary . A teacher could have talked to him and sat him down , given him detention , but a three days suspension ? " Entingh is the father of five children , including Nathan , and he says none of them have ever gotten in trouble at school . Until now . When asked what has Nathan learned from this incident , Entingh paused , then scoffed : "  He 's learned never to make his fingers like a gun a school again . I do n't know if you consider that a life lesson . "	10-year-old suspended for making fingers into shape of gun Dad says he was "  goofing off " with friends Suspension happened under Ohio 's "  zero-tolerance " policy
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's music sales keep soaring as fans purchased more than 800,000 of his albums last week , Billboard magazine said . Fans sign a memorial wall for Michael Jackson this week near the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Jackson 's albums hold all 10 top positions on Billboard 's top pop catalog albums chart , according Nielsen SoundScan sales data released Wednesday . That feat broke a record Jackson set last week when he had eight albums on that chart . Jackson 's albums are not eligible for the Billboard 200 chart , which is for newer albums . Jackson 's "  Number Ones " sold a whooping 339,000 copies last week . Two other Jackson albums , "  Thriller " and "  The Essential Michael Jackson , " sold more than 150,000 copies . Watch family , friends and fans pay tribute " Physical albums constituted 82 percent of Jackson 's sales last week -- 656,000 of those versus 144,000 download albums . Downloads of Jackson 's songs dropped last week compared with the week before . Fans downloaded 2.2 million Jackson songs last week compared with 2.6 million the previous week . But the "  King of Pop " still had five singles on the Top 10 list of digital downloads . Jackson 's 1988 hit "  Man in the Mirror " was his most popular single , with 159,000 downloads .	Billboard magazine : Fans bought 800,000-plus Michael Jackson albums last week Jackson has all 10 top positions on Billboard 's top pop catalog albums chart "  King of Pop " has five singles on Top 10 list of digital downloads "  Man in the Mirror " is singer 's most popular single , with 159,000 downloads
CNN  -- It 's not every day you meet an active field agent of Israel 's super secret spy agency , the Mossad . Generally , if you did , you would n't know it . But there he was , taking us on a tour of "  Operation Finale : The Story of the Capture of Eichmann " before the V.I.P. guests arrived for opening night . This spy is the curator of the extraordinary exhibit of recently declassified spycraft chronicling the capture of Adolf Eichmann , one of the chief architects of the Holocaust . It 's a passionate side project to document one of Mossad 's most famous successes . I ca n't use his name and we could n't film him , but he told us why he spent months in the archive . "  It was our first big ` James Bond ' operation . I knew we had the material in the archive , " he says , "  but until today , people only knew a small part of the story , we had to tell the whole thing . " The story starts with Eichmann , a German SS officer put in charge of orchestrating the "  final solution , " the Nazi plan to kill all of the Jews in Europe , during World War Two in the early 1940s . Eichmann was the chief logistician , organizing transport for millions of Jews to the gas chambers . In the waning years of the war , when Nazis were trying to destroy all evidence of the Holocaust and halted the killing , Eichmann insisted on continuing his evil work . At the end of World War Two , Eichmann escaped and evaded capture several times . He was a wanted man , but the trail went dry . But in the 1950s , word began to reach Mossad and Israel 's domestic security service , Shin Bet , that Adolf Eichmann was hiding in Buenos Aires using the name "  Ricardo Klement . " At first , agents sent to Argentina did n't believe that the shabby suburb where Klement lived could be the residence of a senior Nazi officer . Agents then traveled to Argentina to take photos of the man who called himself Klement . They pretended to be property investors . The small Leica camera , a simple converted business case with a secret camera trigger , and original photographs , are part of the "  Operation Finale " exhibit . The agents took the negatives to a developing shop in town and got three shots of an ordinary looking man standing over a barbed wire fence . But Adolf Eichmann was no ordinary man . The covert pictures were compared to SS photos in Mossad 's files . A 10-point analysis of his ears  apparently ears are unique  told Mossad they had their man . Avi Armoni , the CEO of the Museum of the Jewish People , says the exhibit shows the evolution of Mossad , then in its early days . "  Even the mighty Mossad started with improvising solutions , " says Armoni . And it 's painstakingly documented in an exhibit crammed with originals : the crudely made license plates ; the fake passports used by agents , the metal syringe used to drug Eichmann . "  What people react to in museums , aside from the story , is to see original artifacts , to feel that they are in the presence of the real thing , " he says . "  And to all of us it symbolized evil , it symbolized the Holocaust , it symbolized the notion of justice . " To bring Adolf Eichmann to justice , 11 agents traveled to Argentina under assumed names . Dozens of Jews living in Argentina helped provide the cover needed to succeed . The agents put Eichmann in an El Al crew uniform and shoved him into a Pontiac . They slipped him onto a special El Al flight and spirited him out of Argentina . In April 1961 , the trial of Adolf Eichmann began in Jerusalem . During nine months of testimony , the world was astounded by the personal testimony of 120 witnesses  99 of them Holocaust survivors  . The impact was greatest in Israel . "  I grew up in Israel . I was born here , " says Armoni . "  The whole notion for young Israelis growing up here -- of the Shoah , of the Holocaust -- was very much not spoken of , it was hidden , we were in shock . " "  The capture of Adolf Eichmann -- bringing him to court and to justice in Jerusalem -- was for so many Israelis of my generation a watershed event . It actually brought out the stories and the horror of what happened to the Jews in Europe . " The "  Operation Finale " exhibit ends with the actual bulletproof glass booth where Adolf Eichmann sat impassively during the duration of the nine-month trial . The message is clear . The agents who painstakingly tracked down and captured Eichmann were after one thing : justice .	An exhibition documenting Mossad 's capture of German Nazi Adolf Eichmann has just opened ` Operation Finale : The Story of the Capture of Eichmann ' is curated by an active Mossad field agent The exhibit follows the evolution of Mossad and the capture of one of it 's most high profile targets Mossad agent : ' "  It was our first big ` James Bond ' operation '
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Richard M. Nixon and his Brazilian counterpart , Emilio Medici , in 1971 discussed ways their countries could work together to overthrow the socialist government of Salvador Allende in Chile , according to a newly declassified document . President Richard M. Nixon , right , and his Brazilian counterpart , Emilio Medici . During a meeting of the two leaders at the White House on December 9 of that year , Medici was discussing the possibility of a coup by the Chilean military with assistance from Brazilian military officers when Nixon said that it was "  very important that Brazil and the United States work closely in this field , " according to the document . Nixon offered money or other discreet aid for the effort if it could be made available , the document shows . "  We must try and prevent new Allendes and Castros , and try where possible to reverse these trends , " Nixon said . Medici said he was "  happy to see that the Brazilian and American positions and views " were so close . The declassified document , a previously top secret memorandum for Nixon 's file written by National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger , was published by the National Security Archive , a nongovernmental research institute in Washington . The memorandum , along with other documents , were declassified in July as part of the State Department 's Foreign Relations of the United States series . "  This is an explosive document that details collusion between the colossus of the North -LSB- the United States -RSB- and the colossus of the South -LSB- Brazil -RSB- , " said Peter Kornbluh , the director of a Chile and Brazil Documentation Project for the National Security Archive . He called it "  a smoking gun of confirmation of Brazil 's effort to engage in operations to overthrow the government of Chile and a discussion of collusion with the United States . " The two leaders also discussed the creation of a back channel for direct communication outside normal diplomatic protocols , according to the document . Each designated personal aides to carry handwritten communications back and forth to keep discussions out of official records . "  I think there is precedent , but we 've never seen it detailed in a document this way , in which two presidents set up the utmost secret of back-channel communications so they can discuss the most sensitive aspects of collusion and collaboration in efforts to challenge the left in Latin America and change the futures of select Latin American governments , " Kornbluh said . He added that "  there 's a significant paper trail of evidence of what that collusion was that remains secret , and we 're going to have to press Brazil and Washington to recover those documents . " Despite the leaders ' effort to keep the subject of their talks secret , word got out . A declassified CIA memorandum written some time after the Nixon-Medici meeting in Washington said that word of the secret talks between the two leaders about shaping Brazilian foreign policy filtered down to Brazilian military officers by a "  Cabinet leak . " Gen. Vicente Dale Coutinho , commander of Brazil 's 4th Army , reacted to this by saying that the United States obviously wanted Brazil "  to do the dirty work , " it said . A declassified CIA national intelligence estimate written in 1972 concluded , "  Brazil will be playing a bigger role in hemispheric affairs and seeking to fill whatever vacuum the U.S. leaves behind . It is unlikely that Brazil will intervene openly in its neighbors ' internal affairs , but the regime will not be above using the threat of intervention or tools of diplomacy and covert action to oppose leftist regimes , to keep friendly governments in office , or to help place them there . " The newly published documents do not offer any conclusive proof of Brazilian involvement in the Chilean coup of 1973 , which the Nixon administration supported . Kornbluh said that with the passage of time and change in governments in all of the countries involved , the real story of diplomatic and covert collusion between the United States and Brazil in Chile can finally be told . The National Security Archive will push for the declassification and publication of more top-secret documents from the Nixon library , he said , and will approach Brazilian government officials to ask for their cooperation in getting documents released in Washington and Brasilia , the capital of Brazil . Kornbluh said he also hopes that surviving Chilean government and military officers from the era who knew of any arrangements with the Brazilian government will come forward and tell their stories . "  This is history for history 's sake , but history will not find closure until it 's fully aired , " he said .	Document shows Richard M. Nixon , Emilio Medici had like-minded goals It says two leaders met at White House , Nixon offered money or other discreet aid CIA memo says Brazilian general thought U.S. wanted Brazil "  to do the dirty work " Memo , other documents were declassified in July of this year as part of project
New York  CNN  -- In the spirit of spring rebirth , the Occupy movement is ramping up activities as warm weather blankets the country . But while the season is typified by a reawakening of life outdoors , demonstrators are using sleep to get their points across . They call it "  sleepful protest . " The sleeping bags started appearing on the corner of Wall and Broad streets across from the New York Stock Exchange on April 9 . A civil rights attorney sympathetic to the Occupy movement provided the legal justification for the move in the form of a court ruling from 2000 . A federal district court judge said people can sleep on sidewalks as a form of political expression as long as they take up no more than half of the sidewalk and do n't block any doors . Occupy organizers declared a month ago that the movement would be planning a comeback in the spring and summer . Some city and state governments , armed with new ordinances aimed at the Occupy movements , are ready to prevent demonstrators from re-establishing encampments . For the past few nights , dozens of Occupy Wall Street protesters have slept on a patch of concrete a stone 's throw away from the traders and stock brokers who are the targets of their message . "  The goal here is to not violate the law and not give the police a reason to move the group , " said Ted Schulman , who has taken part in Occupy demonstrations for several months . Every morning , they talk about income inequality and the role of big money in politics as commuters pass by on their way to jobs in the Financial District . Most people who work in the area seem indifferent . "  They just do n't understand how things work , " said Wayne Kaufman , chief market analyst at John Thomas Financial . "  They have fantasy ideas . But , they 're entitled to their opinions . " While police have occasionally forced the protesters to move so the sidewalk could be cleaned , and a few have been arrested , Occupy protester Lauren DiGioia is not deterred . "  We 're not afraid anymore . I mean , we 've been through so much . All of us have been to jail , " said DiGioia , a 27-year-old with hair dyed neon blue . "  We know we 're doing the right thing . " What are Occupiers really fighting for ? So-called sleepful protests have popped up elsewhere in the country with varying degrees of success . In Washington , police have been less accommodating , while in Los Angeles , protesters have taken to sleeping outside Bank of America branches , a frequent target of the Occupy movement . Similar sidewalk sleep-ins are taking place in Boston and Atlanta . The protesters on Wall Street do n't expect their sleep-in to grow into an encampment like the one that became home to hundreds of people at nearby Zuccotti Park . "  I view this as the pre-campaign . I certainly doubt that this will still be here May 1st when the big rallies start , " Schulman said . "  My guess is by that point , they 'll have taken control of this space again . " Occupy organizers are calling for large-scale demonstrations across the country on May 1 in conjunction with the labor movement 's International Workers Day .	The Occupy Wall Street movement is ramping up its activities In New York , protesters have moved to a sidewalk near the Stock Exchange Protesters plan for May 1 to be their first large-scale demonstration of the year
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , held what each man described Friday as a "  constructive " talk about Syria , though there 's no indication it produced any breakthrough consensus . What began as small talk after Putin approached Obama led to the two pulling up chairs in the corner of the room and talking almost entirely about Syria for 20 to 30 minutes , as other leaders watched , a senior Obama administration official said . Afterward , Obama described the exchange on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit in Russia as "  candid " -- but acknowledged that Putin was unlikely to support his call for military action against Syria . Putin gave reporters a similar account , adding , "  He does n't agree with me , I do n't agree with him , but we listened to each other . " Both leaders said they could work together to seek a political solution to the Syrian crisis . The two men hold opposing views over whether military action should be taken against the Syrian government over its alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people . Obama is seeking to rally domestic and international support for a military strike , while Putin -- an ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- has challenged the assertion that regime forces were behind the alleged chemical weapons attacks . Putin repeated the Syrian government 's accusation that "  militants " used chemical weapons in a bid to get aid and support from "  those countries who support them . " He told reporters that Moscow will continue to provide Syria with arms and humanitarian aid . He and Obama also talked about ways to solve the Syrian crisis peacefully , he said . A statement issued Friday by a bare majority of the G20 -- 11 of its 20 members -- said that "  the evidence clearly points to the Syrian government being responsible for the attack , which is part of a pattern of chemical weapons use by the regime . " "  Those who perpetrated these crimes must be held accountable , " it said . Obama said he believed most of the leaders at the G20 meeting were "  comfortable with  the  conclusion that the Assad government was responsible " for using chemical weapons in an attack last month on a Damascus suburb . But he said divisions arose over whether military action against Syria must be authorized by the U.N. Security Council , where Russia has blocked action . Citing Security Council "  paralysis " on the issue , Obama said countries should be willing to act without the council 's authorization . Obama : ` World can not stand idly by ' "  If we are serious about upholding a ban on chemical weapons use , then an international response is required , and that will not come through Security Council action . " But he said he was encouraged by the discussions in St. Petersburg . "  There 's a growing recognition that the world can not stand idly by , " Obama said . The U.S. president showed emotion as he talked of the gassing on August 21 of what his country estimates was more than 1,400 people in Syria , 400 of them children . "  This is not something we fabricated , this is not something we are using as an excuse for military action . ... I was elected to end wars , not start them , " he said . "  But we have to make hard choices when we stand up for things we care about . " Putin said the leaders in St. Petersburg were split nearly "  50-50 " over whether to intervene militarily . He said that action against Syria without U.N. Security Council approval would be illegal . Russia and China , which has also opposed military intervention in Syria , have veto power . But that need not rule out action , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters Friday . "  We can not allow Syria to act with impunity because one or two countries refuse to hold them accountable in the Security Council , " she said . The Syrian government has said that opposition fighters launched the attack on the outskirts of Damascus . The United Nations has said more than 100,000 people -- including many civilians -- have been killed since a popular uprising spiraled into a civil war in 2011 . That toll rose Friday , with the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reporting at least 64 people killed nationwide . Tensions affect some U.S. staff in Lebanon , Turkey As tensions ratchet up over Syria , the U.S. State Department on Friday ordered the withdrawal of nonessential personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , and authorized nonemergency staff to leave a consulate in Adana in southern Turkey . "  Given the current tensions in the region , as well as potential threats to U.S. government facilities and personnel , we are taking these steps out of an abundance of caution to protect our employees and their families , and local employees and visitors to our facilities , " a statement said . Many observers fear that the civil war in Syria , which has become increasingly sectarian in nature , could spill into neighboring countries . The State Department also issued revised travel warnings Friday for Lebanon and Turkey , both of which share a border with Syria . It urges U.S. citizens to "  avoid all travel to Lebanon because of current safety and security concerns " and to be "  alert to the potential for violence " if traveling to or living in Turkey . Many in Lebanon worry that the involvement of the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah in Syria 's civil war could destabilize their own nation . Lebanon has been shaken by a series of deadly bombings in recent weeks , including a blast in a Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut . Al-Assad warned this week that a regional war could break out if Syria is attacked . "  The Middle East is a powder keg , and the fire is approaching today , " he told French newspaper Le Figaro in an interview Monday . Obama pushes for congressional action Obama is seeking congressional approval for possible U.S. military strikes against Syria , although no vote is expected until after lawmakers reconvene from recess on Monday . The president said Friday that he had expected skepticism from the public and from lawmakers . He knew it was going to be "  a heavy lift " when he announced Saturday that he was putting the proposal before Congress , he said , with some lawmakers foreseeing a "  slippery slope " toward a prolonged U.S. involvement in Syria . "  For the American people who have been through over a decade of war now , with enormous sacrifice of blood and treasure , any hints of further military entanglement in the Middle East are going to be viewed with suspicion , " Obama said . "  That suspicion will probably be even stronger in my party than in the Republican Party . " The Syrian parliament has urged the U.S. House not to support the proposed U.S. military action , the country 's state news agency , SANA , said Friday . In a letter addressed to U.S. House Speaker John Boehner , his Syrian counterpart , Jihad al-Laham , called upon the House to communicate through civilized dialogue , not blood and fire , the news agency said . He said Islamic extremists have seized and possess chemical weapons , SANA reported . Boehner and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor have both backed Obama , but Boehner has said it is up to the White House to get the 217 votes needed to secure his resolution there . According to CNN 's count , 109 House members plan to vote "  no , " while 23 -- including a number of high-profile Republicans -- plan to back it . More than 280 representatives remain undecided . Syria offers rewards Meanwhile , Syrian authorities are offering rewards , amounting to nearly $ 4,400 , for handing over non-Syrian "  terrorists , " Syrian state TV said Friday . The Syrian government often refers to rebels as terrorists . Officials offered nearly $ 1,800 for reports on the whereabouts of these individuals or help leading to their arrest , the state broadcaster said . The identity of those providing information would remain confidential , and they would be provided with protection , state TV said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jason Hanna , Hamdi Alkhshali and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 64 are killed in Syria on Friday , an opposition group reports Putin : Obama "  does n't agree with me , I do n't agree with him . But we listened to each other " Obama says he and Putin had "  candid , constructive " talks on the Syria crisis State Department orders nonessential personnel to leave U.S. Embassy in Beirut
CNN  -- The second-to-last time EJ Levy was at Disney World , she used a scooter to navigate the enormous park . Her legs were weak and she suffered from foot drop caused by multiple sclerosis . That was 4 1/2 years ago . On her most recent trip , a few months ago , Levy walked the entire time , thanks in part to a drug approved by the FDA on Friday . The FDA says the drug , Ampyra  generic name dalfampridine , formerly known as fampridine  , is the first MS therapy that is taken orally and the first of its kind to receive FDA approval . It is designed help people with any type of MS improve their walking speed . The prime of her life In 2002 , Levy was in her 30s and an active hiker and skier with a job on Wall Street and later in San Francisco , California . But her life took a turn when she started stumbling , falling down and dragging her right leg . Her doctor 's diagnosis ? Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis , a less common form of MS and , as the name implies , one that usually plagues people with the disease after its initial course . The National Multiple Sclerosis Society defines MS as a "  chronic , often disabling disease that attacks the central nervous system , which is made up of the brain , spinal cord and optic nerves . " Symptoms of MS include extreme fatigue , difficulty walking , problems with memory and heat sensitivity . The most common form of MS is relapsing-remitting , in which people have acute attacks followed by periods of remission . In secondary progressive , however , the disease worsens steadily and there are no acute flare-ups . People with relapsing-remitting may later develop secondary progressive MS. Levy says she lived in the same building as her parents at one point because she needed them to help take care of her . She says she mostly stayed at home , and when she did venture out she usually walked only a block or two with a cane . She relied on a wheelchair for longer distances . She says she realized she would eventually be unable to walk . "  I was scared of being in a wheelchair . I was scared of getting worse and worse . I had traveled around the world before I got sick , I was super independent , " Levy says . Trying things out After exhausting the usual MS treatments -- and developing intolerable side effects -- Levy also became frustrated that the treatments were primarily designed for people with the more common course of the disease , and not the secondary progressive course . Levy 's neurologist then discussed the possibility of trying 4-aminopyradine -- a version of the same drug the FDA approved Friday that was available only through compounding pharmacies . Just three days after taking the drug , Levy was able to walk unassisted . "  I never thought I could put my cane away for good , " she said . Now she hopes the same drug that helped her will be able to help other people . She addressed an FDA advisory panel late last year and recommended approval of it . "  It 's about quality of life , " Levy says . How it works Two phase III clinical trials of Ampyra showed 35 and 43 percent of patients experienced , on average , a consistent improvement in their walking speed , increasing it by about 25 percent . According to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society , even a modest improvement in walking ability could mean that thousands of people could benefit from the drug . Dr. John Richert , executive vice president of Research & Clinical Programs at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society , says the drug can be used by most people with MS. However , the drug is not for people with a history of seizures or people who have moderate to severe kidney disease . Richert says approval means patients can now skip the compounding pharmacy and get a consistent , exact dosage in a guaranteed time-released formula , which would lower the risk of getting a toxic dose instead of a therapeutic dose . "  It 's likely that further study and clinical practice may help to determine the extent to which the drug may impact other functions , and may also provide hints as to which patients are most likely to respond positively to the therapy , " Richert said . He added that the drug would not help nerves that have been destroyed and emphasized that people should try the drug to see if it works for them . Ampyra may not work for everyone . "  Like any medication , people will have different responses , so they should talk to their doctors about whether it 's appropriate to start therapy on Ampyra , " according to a spokesperson from Acorda , Ampyra 's manufacturer . Moving with MS Today , Levy is doing well . She established the not-for-profit organization MS Hope for a Cure , and in three years the organization has raised $ 1.8 million for research and programs to help people living with MS. She has also completed several five-mile hikes . But she says she is always conscious of where she steps . She says she occasionally has some weakness in her leg , but that she is thankful for every day : "  I do n't ever take jumping out of bed for granted . "	FDA approves Ampyra , the first MS drug of its kind to improve walking speed Ampyra is appropriate for all types of MS , although it may not help everyone Further studies are needed to see if Ampyra helps with other neurological functions
CNN  -- Hertz has been forced to cut costs by 25 % over the last four years as the global financial crisis continues hit one of the world 's largest car rental companies . And Hertz boss Michel Taride believes the pain is likely to continue . Taride told CNN : "  I personally think the situation in Europe is going to last for a few years . The question for companies like ours is how we can grow profitably in a challenging environment . " The car rental industry , with its close ties to airline traffic and hotel bookings , is particularly sensitive to cross-border financial turmoil . U.S.-based Hertz -- which operates from 8,500 locations across 150 countries -- is n't just cutting expenditure to deal with the global slowdown . It is also moving away from "  bricks and mortar " costs by investing in virtual rental kiosks , among other changes . Hertz has also launched the world 's first global car club . Operating across Europe , the U.S. , and Australia , it gives members access to vehicles parked in designated lots around town . ` It is growing extremely fast , even though it does n't account for a huge part of revenue yet , ' Taride said . Luxury cars are also buffering Hertz from the economic gloom . In the Middle East , China and Russia , hiring Aston Martins and Ferraris remains popular , Taride told CNN . At the other end of the glitz scale is Hertz 's niche business of renting equipment to large construction firms . "  We 're generalists . Renting is a competency of ours and once you know how to rent , buy , run , sell or manage assets effectively and do this with great service and great people then you can rent nearly anything , " Taride said . CNN 's Arvid Ahlund contributed to this report .	Car renting company Hertz has cut costs by 25 % in four years , in part by introducing cost-efficient rental kiosks Hertz has also launched the world 's first global car club , allowing customers to pick up rentals in designated parking lots The company has been buffered from economic woes by rising demand for luxury cars in emerging markets
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government stepped up its humanitarian relief effort for Libya on Friday , sending two C-130 military transport planes loaded with supplies to neighboring Tunisia . Each aircraft carried three pallets of aid supplies , including 2,000 blankets , 40 rolls of plastic sheeting and 9,600 10-liter water cans , according to a statement from the U.S. Agency for International Development . The supplies , meant to help up to 2,000 people , will be handed off to Tunisia 's Red Crescent organization for distribution , the statement noted . The relief operation -- designed to help those who have fled the Libyan violence -- is named Odyssey Dawn , Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said . American authorities are considering multiple ways to assist in the crisis , but are currently focused primarily on humanitarian efforts , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters . The Obama administration remains deeply "  concerned with the ongoing violence ... initiated and perpetrated " by the government of Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , she said . Clinton noted , however , that there is currently "  a lot of confusion on the ground " in Libya that makes it tough to understand exactly what is happening there . Addressing reporters on Air Force One , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney reiterated the administration 's position that Gadhafi needs to step aside . "  Col. Gadhafi has no legitimacy and should step down and should cease all violence , " Carney said . "  We believe that that would result in a more peaceful Libya . " The violence in Libya escalated Friday as pro-government forces took control of Zawiya , a city near Tripoli , according to state TV . One source reported the deaths of 15 people and injuries to at least 200 others . A doctor at a hospital in Zawiya told CNN "  there is a river of blood " where the wounded were being treated . He described the situation as "  very bad , " with the facility running out of medical supplies . Forces loyal to Gadhafi also clashed Friday with opponents of the regime in the eastern city of Ras Lanuf , opposition fighters and commanders said . Roughly 200,000 people have fled the intensifying violence in Libya , according to the International Organization for Migration . The number of people trying to leave , however , has declined heavily as armed government forces have intensified their presence on the Tunisian border and on roads leading up to it , the United Nations refugee agency has noted . A number of key congressional leaders have been pressuring the White House to establish a no-fly zone over parts of Libya to aid Gadhafi 's opponents and ease the humanitarian crisis . Gadhafi 's "  air defense systems are certainly old and it  should not be  a major challenge ... to impose a no-fly zone , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , asserted Friday . While the administration has shifted additional military resources closer to Libya , it has refused to commit to such a course of action so far . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	The U.S. government has sent two C-130 cargo planes to Tunisia The airplanes have supplies meant to help with the humanitarian crisis in Libya U.S. authorities are considering multiple ways to help , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says Sen. John McCain is among those pushing to create a no-fly zone in Libya
CNN  -- Yemen 's National Civil Aviation Security Committee said Monday it has implemented "  tight security " at all of its airports in the aftermath of a plot to send bombs from Yemen to the United States . "  Every piece of cargo and luggage will go through extensive searching , " the committee said in a statement . In addition , carriers DHL , FedEx and UPS will be required to make more stringent checks before accepting any package , according to the committee . ` Most wanted ' man linked to plot On Friday , authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages with explosives that were destined for synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . U.S. investigators believe al Qaeda bomb maker al-Asiri , 28 , is linked to the packages . The explosive found in the packages , PETN , is the same as the material found in the December 2009 foiled underwear bomb attack in the United States . It 's a highly explosive organic compound that belongs to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . Six grams of PETN are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft . Al-Asiri was also suspected in the earlier attempted bombing case , where a Nigerian man , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , is accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear on a flight .	Suspected al Qaeda bomber Hassan al-Asiri is connected to the plot , an official says Investigators see him as a link between Friday 's devices and the 2009 underwear bomb
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration aims to cut the annual number of new HIV infections in the United States by 25 percent over the next five years , according to a nationwide HIV/AIDS strategy unveiled Tuesday . Federal officials are also seeking to combat a growing sense of complacency about the disease , partly by reducing the percentage of infected Americans who are unaware of their status . Specifically , the strategy focuses on three key areas : reducing the number of people who become infected , increasing access to care , and decreasing HIV-related health disparities . "  The actions we take now will build upon a legacy of global leadership , national commitment , and sustained efforts on the part of Americans from all parts of the country and all walks of life to end the HIV epidemic in the United States and around the world , " President Barack Obama said in a memorandum sent to a number of federal departments and agencies . "  The question is not whether we know what to do , but whether we will do it , " the president said Tuesday evening at a White House reception . "  Whether we will fulfill those obligations ... . to prevent a tragedy . " The White House 's goal , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius noted , is to make new infections rare while ensuring that those who are infected have an "  unfettered access to high quality life-extending care free from stigma and discrimination . " Among other things , the strategy calls for an intensification of HIV prevention efforts among communities where the disease is most heavily concentrated . It highlights the need to steer federal grant money toward organizations dealing with high-risk groups such as gay and bisexual men and illegal substance users . It also cites the importance of greater education and "  scientifically proven biomedical and behavioral approaches " to reduce the spread of the disease , including the use of condoms , abstinence , HIV testing , and access to sterile needles and syringes . While the spread of the disease has slowed since the 1980s , an estimated 56,000 Americans still contract HIV each year , according to White House Domestic Policy Council Director Melody Barnes . Roughly 1.1 million Americans are currently living with HIV . Approximately 1 in 5 infected Americans is unaware of his or her status , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The plan does not call for a major increase in the roughly $ 19 billion the federal government spends on HIV/AIDS programs , though administration officials on Tuesday cited new benefits provided by the recently passed health care reform law . One leading HIV/AIDS activist , however , was sharply critical of the administration 's strategy . Michael Weinstein , president of the Los Angeles-based AIDS Healthcare Foundation , told CNN in an interview that "  when you see what this administration has done on AIDS , you have to give them very low grades . " Obama has "  consistently underfunded AIDS " programs , Weinstein said . The president "  did not mention the word AIDS for the first five months of his administration . This national AIDS strategy has been worked on for 15 months , -LSB- and -RSB- I think it could have been done in 15 minutes . There 's nothing new in it . " Weinstein criticized the administration 's intention to redirect money to those groups at greatest risk of contracting HIV/AIDS . "  It 's not good to pit one group against another and it 's unnecessary , " he said . "  The bottom line is that we should be seeking to get all sexually active people to get an HIV test . " The White House announcement came less than a week after a group of scientists published a study saying they had made a key discovery that could help in the development of an HIV vaccine . Scientists at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases said last week that they had found three human antibodies that neutralize more than 90 percent of the current circulating HIV-1 strains . "  This is significant because we 've now found antibodies that are good templates for HIV vaccine development , " said Peter Kwong , co-author of the study published last Thursday in the journal Science . More than 18,000 people with AIDS die each year in the United States , according to the CDC . More than 576,000 people with AIDS have died in the United States since the epidemic began . The World Health Organization says AIDS accounted for an estimated 2 million deaths in 2008 , and more than 33 million people are living with HIV worldwide . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Dick Uliano contributed to this report	A leading AIDS activist criticizes the White House for underfunding HIV/AIDS efforts The White House HIV/AIDS plan focuses on reducing infections and increasing access to care Roughly 1.1 million Americans are infected with HIV/AIDS AIDS accounted for 2 million deaths worldwide in 2008 , the World Health Organization says
CNN  -- Chilean football legend Elias Figueroa will not be challenging Sepp Blatter for the presidency of world football 's governing body FIFA this year . The 64-year-old had stated his intention to challenge for soccer 's top job in elections on June 1 but has now pulled out of the race saying there was n't enough time to put together a credible bid . As things stand currently that leaves Qatar 's Mohammed Bin Hammam -- leader of the Asian Football Confederation -- as the only challenger to Blatter . Figueroa said in a statement : "  I have decided not to accept ... for the sole reason that I 'm sure with such a short time in which to state a case I could not prepare one worthy of the magnitude and importance of such a distinguished job . " The three-time South American player of the year had revealed he was the preferred candidate for an organization called Change FIFA but was struggling to attract support from any of the 208 member countries . Change FIFA is a campaign that has been courting federations for a presidency nomination , although it is believed they will need to raise funds of $ 500,000 for a two-month campaign . Blatter has already confirmed that he will seek re-election for one more four-year term before retiring in 2015 . Meanwhile , Blatter has revealed he believes goalline technology will be in place in time for the 2014 World Cup finals in Brazil . The Swiss made the claims in an exclusive interview with French television channel TF1 .	Chilean legend Elias Figueroa has pulled out of the race to become FIFA president Figueroa was the preferred candidate for an organization called Change FIFA Race now a shoot out between current president Sepp Blatter and Mohammed Bin Hammam Blatter tells French TV that goalline technology will be in place for 2014 World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- Most Americans can put away winter coats and umbrellas and break out the short sleeves and sunglasses even though spring does n't officially begin until next week , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In a 90-day weather outlook released Thursday , forecasters predict the unseasonably warm temperatures that have blanketed parts of the United States will continue into the summer , and much of the country will remain dry . In fact , for the first time in four years , no area of the country will face a high risk of major flooding from April through June , due in large measure to a winter without much snow , forecasters said . "  We expect above-normal temperatures in the South and Eastern United States , " said Ed O'Lenic , chief of operations at the Climate Prediction Center for NOAA 's National Weather Service . He predicts temperatures could be half a degree to a degree and a half above normal in many parts of the country . Above-normal temperatures are also predicted for the Southwest across Texas and the Gulf Coast , as well as the Atlantic Coast , the Ohio Valley and the Great Lakes region , according to NOAA . Temperatures in the Pacific Northwest and southern Alaska will be below normal . Tornado destroys Michigan homes The heat has been on early this spring and the mercury has already broken records across the country . Nationwide , 577 record temperatures were broken Wednesday , including 400 high temperatures , according to Laura Furgione , deputy director at the National Weather Service . The weather service forecasts warm weather to continue well into next week . This is unwelcome news to parts of the South and West , where NOAA predicts the ongoing drought will persist and intensify through June . "  Drought is now encompassing parts of the West and Southwest , making conditions more favorable for wildfires , " said David Brown , director of NOAA Southern Region Climate Services . "  If the drought persists as predicted , it will likely result in an active wildfire season , continued stress on crops and livestock due to low water levels and an expansion of water conservation measures , " according to a NOAA statement . That 's a stark contrast to last year 's flooding along the Mississippi and Missouri rivers . "  What a difference a year makes , " said Furgione . "  We 're not forecasting a repeat of recent historic and prolonged flooding in the central and northern U.S. , and that is a relief . The severity of any flooding this year will be driven by rainfall more so than the melting of the current snowpack . "	Above-normal temperatures forecast for most of U.S. this spring Warm temperatures are already breaking records nationwide Drought conditions will continue in the South and Southwest
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Change a few circumstances in her life and Sakie Fukushima says she would have been a housewife . She was raised to be a good Japanese wife and homemaker , after all . That 's what was expected of women of her generation -- to sit behind their men , make their bentos , iron their shirts and watch them rise to lead Japan 's economy . Life did not go as Fukushima expected . 60-year-old Fukushima is one of Japan 's most powerful executives , sitting on the board of both U.S. and Japanese-based multi-national companies . The fact that she is a female in one of the most male-dominated business cultures is a stunning backstory in one woman 's remarkable ascent through the so-called "  bamboo ceiling . " Bamboo bends , and unlike glass , never breaks . But Fukushima managed to crack through , by working for a U.S. company . "  I was lucky to be in a place where the hard work was appreciated , " said Fukushima , of her corporate beginnings at Korn-Ferry International . The American company saw her sales output , the highest in the Asia-Pacific region , as the reason for promotion . An American mentor and her supportive husband urged Fukushima to push beyond her Japanese cultural expectations . "  If I was to work for a Japanese company , a large Japanese company , I do n't think I would have come this far . " The World Economic Forum 's Global Gender Gap Index ranks Japan 101 out of 134 countries . Part of the reason for the low ranking is that just 1.4 percent of Japanese executives are women . What that has meant for women in the workplace is they are pushed to traditionally female roles : secretary and store clerk . It is a dismal reality for the world 's second-largest economy , said Beth Brooke , Ernst and Young 's Global vice chairwoman and a Forbes Magazine 100 most powerful woman . "  Japan is a very homogeneous society . So on the spectrum of diversity , not just gender ; it is more difficult to embrace diversity because it 's not a terribly diverse culture to begin with . " Ironically , Brooke believes the global economic slowdown and Japan 's aging population is a chance to rediscover the people under-utilized in the workforce . "  I think we have an opportunity to change the conversation here . Whether you 're a country or a company , you need growth . Japan has an enormous opportunity , frankly , to see the opportunity to spark innovation through a gender lens of diversity . I think gender diversity is a big part of the solution . " Fukushima agreed , as she celebrates her recent appointment to the Bridgestone Corporation board . She is the first female to be elected to the Japanese company 's boardroom . "  Experimenting is the best way to say it , " said Fukushima , describing Japan 's corporate sentiment toward women . "  They know they have to have diversity but they do n't know how to do it and how to use it effectively . As a result of increasing competition outside of Japan from China and Korea , the Japanese business community has realized it has to change . They ca n't rely on the past successful model of the 1970s and '80s . They will have to increase diversity , change the way of doing business in order to compete . " Fukushima 's new colleague , Bridgestone Americas , Inc. . CEO and President Gary Garfield , said he is encouraged that his company in Japan is catching up to other global companies . He calls having a female on the board a no-brainer . His advice to Japanese companies : "  Just branch out and do it . They 'll be stronger for it . I think they 'll be better companies for it . "	1.4 percent of Japanese executives are women Women in Japan are pushed to traditionally female roles Leading businesswoman thinks Japan may be ready for a change First woman on board : Corporate Japan wants to change ; does n't know how
Passaic , New Jersey  CNN  -- Neighbors gathered around Eagle Liquors on Monday were sizing each other up as they waited to hear which one of them just struck it rich . "  Everyone is saying , ` Is it you ? Is it you ? ' It 's a cat and mouse game , " Robert Ash said . "  Everyone 's coming together , smiling , trying to figure out who it is . " New Jersey lottery officials say the single winning ticket for Saturday night 's $ 338 million Powerball jackpot came from Eagle , a nondescript brown storefront on Passaic Street . Lottery officials have n't confirmed the identity of the winner , but Pedro Quezada says he 's that man . For winner , unexpected change can come with those dollars Quezada stopped by the store Monday afternoon , mobbed by camera crews , and store owner Sunil Sethi told CNN that Quezada presented the winning ticket earlier in the day . Lottery spokeswoman Judith Drucker confirmed that the winning ticket was brought into the store , and the holder left with the form needed to claim the prize . But the agency wo n't confirm the identity of the winner until the forms are filed , Drucker said . Sethi said his customers have been winners before -- but not with a jackpot this big . "  This was the biggest of ever , " he said . "  Like a dream ticket . You want to sell it as a store owner , and we did that . " At the time the ticket was bought , the winner chose the up-front cash option instead of an annuity . The lump sum will be $ 211 million ; after federal and state taxes , the winner will net about $ 151 million , New Jersey Executive Director Carole Hedinger said . The ticket matched all six numbers drawn : 17 , 29 , 31 , 52 , 53 and the Powerball , 31 . The largest jackpot in Powerball history was $ 587.5 million . The lottery is held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and Washington . Why you keep playing the lottery CNN 's Pamela Brown , Julian Cummings , AnneClaire Stapleton and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	NEW : A New Jersey man says he 's the $ 338 million Powerball winner NEW : Liquor store owner says the customer brought in the winning ticket NEW : Lottery officials wo n't confirm the winner 's identity until the prize is claimed The winner chose the up-front cash option and will net about $ 151 million
CNN  There are many reasons why the Internal Revenue Service is perhaps the least-loved agency in America -- a tax code so complex that it seems like you need an advanced degree to understand it , the dreaded audit process and revelations that certain groups have been targeted based on their political beliefs . And now , a growing awareness of instances where the IRS seized the money or property of law-abiding citizens without due process is adding to the agency 's menacing reputation . According to the Institute for Justice , a public interest law firm that investigates civil forfeiture practices , these seizures carried out by the IRS had increased from 114 in 2005 to 639 in 2012 . Sounds unbelievable , but believe it . Under a federal structuring statute , banks are required to report all cash deposits of more than $ 10,000 to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury . To prevent money laundering , deposits purposely "  structured " to evade this reporting are illegal . Enter the IRS . In Michigan , the IRS suspected a local grocer , Terry Dehko , of money laundering . Without filing charges , it seized his $ 35,000 bank account . Dehko had to prove in court that his daily bank deposits were for insurance reasons and to reduce robbery at his store -- not a criminal enterprise . Fortunately , the Dehkos won their case , and the IRS returned their funds . Iowa native Carole Hinders has made an honest living owning and operating a restaurant , Mrs. Lady 's , for 38 years . But in August 2013 , everything she saved -- roughly $ 33,000 -- was seized . The IRS targeted Hinders because her restaurant only accepted cash or checks , which made regular bank deposits necessary . After 19 months and extensive national media exposure , Hinders finally got her money back . In Maryland , the IRS used suspicions of structuring to seize the operating accounts of locally owned South Mountain Creamery and forced owners Randy and Karen Sowers to prove their innocence . Fortunately , the Sowers settled their case by showing their deposits were legitimate but only after expending extensive time and energy . Recent announcements by the Justice and Treasury departments that they will end most forms of equitable sharing -- the practice of federal law enforcement coordinating with local and state law enforcement for the purpose of pursuing civil asset forfeiture cases -- are a start , but this only affects a fraction of overall seizures . In addition to the IRS , the Department of Justice and U.S. attorney 's offices across the country have civil asset forfeiture authority . In fact , the U.S. attorney 's office for the Eastern District of New York , run by Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch , has been an active seizure office . A disturbing example under her watch is the Bi-County Distributors case , where her prosecutors confiscated $ 446,651 from a small business run by Jeffrey , Richard and Mitch Hirsch . It took Lynch two years finally to drop the charges . In light of this case and her office 's extensive practice of civil forfeiture -- more than 120 times during her tenure -- it was disappointing to hear her defend the current system during Wednesday 's confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee . Beyond these specific examples of abuse , Congress must take a hard look at the underlying federal civil asset forfeiture policies . Ultimately , the Equitable Sharing Program must be eliminated through legislative action as part of a larger package of reforms to the entire practice of civil asset forfeiture . For this reason , we have combined our previous efforts to introduce the Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act , or FAIR Act , in both the House of Representatives and Senate . It would bolster protections for property and property owners by raising the level of proof necessary for the federal government to prove a civil asset forfeiture case -- requiring that the IRS and Department of Justice prove guilt , rather than the individual prove innocence . Moreover , the FAIR Act eliminates incentives for civil forfeiture by rerouting funds seized by the IRS to the general treasury rather than the unaccountable Asset Forfeiture Fund , which has little congressional oversight and has grown since its inception in 1986 to more than $ 2 billion in 2013 . This fund is the depository for all forfeiture dollars seized by the IRS , Justice Department and equitable sharing partners -- such as local police forces -- at the state and local level . Lastly , the FAIR Act inserts protections by mandating the IRS prove individuals have knowingly violated the structuring statute instead of simply inferring guilt from the deposits themselves . Making cash deposits does not automatically put you under suspicion of criminal activity . The FAIR Act will ensure that federal government agencies , like the IRS and Department of Justice , no longer profit from taking the property of U.S. citizens without due process , while maintaining the ability of courts to order the surrender of proceeds of crime . The FAIR Act intends to tilt the playing field back in favor of due process and property rights . We call on our colleagues in Congress to address this issue and join our efforts .	Rand Paul , Tim Walberg : IRS ' civil asset forfeiture policies can ensnare the innocent These people must sue to recover their money , Paul and Walberg say Authors have introduced legislation to compel government to prove guilt before asset seizures
CNN  -- When 60,000 tinkerers arrive at the New York Hall of Science this weekend for World Maker Faire New York , kids will see original action figures designed on a 3-D printer , homemade race cars , robots and a sewing machine turned into a music box . Teachers will see a chance to reimagine U.S. science education . Parents should see a chance to replace the usual after-school and summer routines with activities that captivate kids in positive ways . I see a way to get kids to choose tinkering over TV . Based on 16 years of hearing pitches about the next great thing in education , what jumps out is that demand from young people -- not the education industry 's desire to supply something -- is driving the maker movement . High-profile Maker Faire events are the leading edge . A layer or two beneath , in church basements , children 's museums and public libraries dubbed "  makerspaces " -- part high-tech shop class and part Google hangout -- kids are showing up . It is this demand from kids like Raven Hoston-Turner , who was "  super bored " before her uncle told her about the Mt. Elliott Makerspace in Detroit , that is fueling the maker movement . The New York Hall of Science is part of network of disruptive leaders figuring out how to take this burst of maker interest and use it to improve science education . In a new book , "  Design Make Play : Growing the Next Generation of STEM Innovators , " editors Margaret Honey and David Kanter of the Hall of Science describe how traditional classroom approaches have suffocated science . Schools caught up in the standardized testing sweepstakes tend to reduce classroom time for science . When schools do teach science , too often they are "  telling students about science " -- and drilling for memorization -- instead of engaging them . Elementary students receive science education for less than three hours a week . These same kids are watching TV nearly 30 hours per week . One way to activate student learning , as professor Sugata Mitra has shown through his famous Hole-in-the-Wall experiments , is to give kids the right resources and some motivating content and then get out of the way . As with Mitra 's notion of "  minimally invasive education , " young people are taking it upon themselves to decide what to make . Preteens such as Quin Etnyre and Sylvia Todd are delivering classes and producing online shows for peers and adults who want to produce things with their own hands . Thanks to innovative Pittsburgh foundations that launched the Kids + Creativity Network in 2007 , the region is aligning science instruction in schools with the kinds of activities kids are doing on their own time . The aim was to set learning on fire , says Greg Behr , executive director of Pittsburgh 's Grable Foundation . Instead of picking off one or two strong projects to support , Grable invested in building a network . Now , more than 100 groups are pulling in the same direction . Jane Werner , executive director of the Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh , built out a 3,000-square-foot makerspace , what it calls MakeSHOP , and is creating an additional 5,000-square-foot MakeSHOP for kids age 10 and up . "  Museums can be labs for education reform , " Werner says . "  No one can fail at a museum . Why not experiment with education reform at a museum ? " The Elizabeth Forward School District , south of Pittsburgh , is integrating the maker movement into the core of its education mission . The district is "  remaking education , " transforming traditional classrooms and the library into interactive digital learning labs . "  It helped me learn more , actually , " says Alyssa , a junior . This is what Dale Dougherty , one of the maker movement 's founding fathers , wanted all along . "  What I 'm really interested in is an alternative way of engaging kids and getting them into science and technology , " Dougherty said . Dougherty is CEO of Maker Media , founder of MAKE magazine , Maker Faire and the Maker Education Initiative . This summer , the Maker Education Initiative launched Maker Corps , embedding 106 college students and young professionals from science and technology fields in 34 summer youth programs across the country , including the Pittsburgh children 's museum . The initiative expects to have 1,000 corps members working with kids by 2015 . In 2007 , at the same time the Kids + Creativity Network emerged , a Carnegie Foundation commission set in motion an education reform movement that included 26 states working together on Next Generation Science Standards . State by state , education officials are now deciding whether to adopt the standards . The question hanging out there is whether the maker movement can help U.S. students move up the international rankings of science and math performance . "  Everyone is crossing their fingers and hoping there is this connection to be made , " says Kanter . "  Even though it 's hard to prove , we need to prove it . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	John Bare says New York 's Maker Faire highlights opportunity for education He says teaching science to kids can be reimagined by teaching how to make things He argues that it 's a way to get kids to choose tinkering over watching television Bare : The maker movement is pioneering innovation in education in small and big ways
Health.com  -- The growing use of a popular drug in the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder is based largely on a single , flawed clinical trial that may be steering doctors and patients away from drugs with a more established track record , a new review published this week in the journal "  PLoS Medicine " suggests . The drug , Abilify  aripiprazole  , was initially used to treat schizophrenia and acute episodes of mania , the better-than-good feeling that characterizes bipolar disorder . In 2005 , the Food and Drug Administration also approved it for long-term use in bipolar patients whose moods have stabilized  known as "  maintenance " therapy  . Since then Abilify sales have more than doubled , according to market research cited in the review . And a 2008 survey of doctors found that it had become the first-choice drug for bipolar maintenance therapy among 23 % of psychiatrists and 16 % of primary care physicians . Health.com : Subtle signs of bipolar disorder The medical research does not appear to justify the widespread use of Abilify for maintenance therapy , says psychiatrist Alexander C. Tsai , M.D. , one of the lead authors of the review and a visiting researcher at Harvard University . "  We failed to find sufficient data to support its use . " Tsai emphasizes that individuals taking Abilify for bipolar disorder should not abruptly stop the medication . "  It may actually be working for some people , " he says . "  But it 's certainly worth talking to your doctor about how it 's working for you . " After noticing that a growing number of patients seemed to be asking for Abilify by name , Tsai and his colleagues performed an in-depth search of double-blind , randomized controlled trials -- both published and unpublished -- on the use of Abilify for the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder . Studies of that design are considered the gold standard of medical research . Health.com : Bipolar celebrities : does it make them more creative ? Their search turned up just one clinical trial , data from which was used in two published studies . The trial was funded jointly by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. , the Japanese company that developed Abilify , and Bristol-Myers Squibb , which markets the drug in the U.S. . That trial had several important limitations , according to Tsai and his coauthors . For one , they say , it may have been too short to judge the drug 's true effectiveness in preventing mood swings over the long term . The first phase of the trial lasted for 26 weeks , and less than one-fifth of the participants went on to complete the 48-week follow-up phase . What 's more , the study population was limited to people whose mood had already stabilized on Abilify during the preliminary phase of the trial , and the placebo group therefore consisted of patients who were abruptly switched from Abilify to placebo . The potentially harmful effects of rapid drug withdrawal may have made the placebo group appear artificially prone to relapse -- the key finding that made Abilify appear beneficial , Tsai and his colleagues say . Health.com : 10 tips for treating bipolar disorder Psychiatrists have continued to refer to the results of the trial despite these weaknesses , Tsai says . "  Frankly , I think it 's an embarrassment to the profession that -LSB- Abilify -RSB- has been accepted so uncritically for this indication . " Gregory E. Simon , M.D. , a psychiatrist at Group Health Research Institute , in Seattle , says that the perceived flaws noted in the review are not so clear-cut . "  The methods of studying long-term effectiveness are complex , and experts disagree regarding the best ways to study this question , " he says . Alternatives within the same class of drugs , known as atypical antipsychotics , include Seroquel  quetiapine  and Zyprexa  olanzapine  . Older drugs , such as lithium , also remain in popular use . Evidence for the long-term effectiveness of lithium is far stronger than that for newer medications , including Abilify , Simon says . For that reason , lithium remains his first-line treatment for maintenance therapy in bipolar disorder , despite the potentially dangerous side effects associated with too-high doses . Health.com : Must-read books about bipolar disorder The increased use of Abilify for maintenance therapy may be leading to higher treatment costs for consumers , Tsai says . Abilify runs upwards of $ 600 for a month 's supply and is not yet available in a generic form . "  But our main concern , " he adds , "  is that patients are getting diverted from more effective treatments . " Sonia Choi , the director of public affairs for Bristol-Myers Squibb , said in a statement that the company has conducted five long-term studies of Abilify in the maintenance of bipolar disorder , some of which were presented at medical conferences rather than published in peer-reviewed journals .  Tsai and his colleagues restricted their analysis to peer-reviewed randomized controlled trials . Bristol-Myers Squibb and Otsuka are committed to making data from those studies available to physicians , Choi said . "  We are confident in the Abilify clinical development program and will continue to make available information about the efficacy and safety of Abilify from our studies in this and other indicated uses . " Sandy Walsh , an FDA spokesperson , said the agency will review the new study . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Journal says treatment largely based on a single , flawed clinical trial Drug initially used to treat schizophrenia and acute episodes of mania Use of Abilify for maintenance therapy may be leading to higher treatment costs
CNN  -- Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios lit up Wimbledon with his stunning victory over Rafael Nadal and his prodigious talents were on display again Tuesday in his first appearance at a Masters 1000 tournament . The 19-year-old 's charge to the quarterfinals at the grass court grand slam saw him leap to number 70 in the world and led to a wild card entry to the Rogers Cup in Toronto , one of the prestigious series of ATP events below grand slams . His first round opponent was the experienced Colombian Santiago Giraldo , who is currently at a career-high 30 and a tight match ensued . Kyrgios had to recover from a break down in the opener to force a tiebreak , which he won by seven points to three . The second set was also tight until Kyrgios gained a crucial break through on Giraldo 's service to run out a 7-6 7-5 winner in one hour 35 minutes . He will next face a big test in the form of eighth seed and two-time grand slam winner Andy Murray , who is also playing his first tournament since his disappointing exit at Wimbledon in his title defense . Kyrgios eventually lost in the last eight at Wimbledon to Milos Raonic of Canada and the sixth seed and home favorite has learned his second round opponent . American Jack Sock , 21 , beat Austria 's Jurgen Melzer 6-1 6-3 to earn his chance against Raonic after his second win at ATP Masters 1000 level . The tournament also sees the return to action of Wimbledon champion and world number one Novak Djokovic and beaten finalist Roger Federer . Nadal is sidelined with a wrist injury which is hampering his preparations for the final grand slam of the season at the U.S. Open . The women 's version of the Rogers Cup is being played in Montreal and Venus Williams snapped a surprising 19-year-old win drought on Canadian soil with a first round victory . The veteran American is playing for the fifth time in the tournament and had suffered early exits on all four previous occasions . Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova looked set to extend that sorry run when she leveled at a set apiece , but Williams dominated the decider to win 6-1 3-6 6-2 . Her sister Serena , fresh from her success in Stanford at the weekend , is the top seed and defending champion at the tournament , which alternates between Toronto and Montreal .	Nick Kyrgios wins his first Masters 1000 match Kyrgios beats Santiago Giraldo in Toronto Australian teenager beat Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon Venus Williams wins opening round match at WTA event in Montreal
CNN  -- Croatia striker Eduardo has left English club Arsenal to join Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk , both teams confirmed on Wednesday . The 27-year-old scored 20 goals in 67 appearances for the London outfit , but his impact was hampered after suffering a serious leg break in February 2008 . Eduardo signed a new long-term contract in November , but the Brazil-born player was allowed to leave for an undisclosed fee as he joined 2009 UEFA Cup winners Shakhtar on a four-year deal . The signing of Marouane Chamakh from French club Bordeaux in May left Eduardo down the pecking order at Arsenal , who also have World Cup stars Robin Van Persie and Nicklas Bendtner to call upon up front . "  Eduardo 's recovery from his injury sustained at Birmingham City in February 2008 is a testament to his strength as a human being , and this character and determination will be missed by everyone associated at Arsenal , " the club said in a statement on its website . "  Everyone at Arsenal would like to thank Eduardo for his contribution towards the club and wishes him the best of luck for the future . " Meanwhile , Arsenal 's Premier League rivals Liverpool continued rebuilding under new manager Roy Hodgson with the signing of defender Danny Wilson from Scottish champions Rangers . The center-back , 18 , agreed a three-year contract in a deal which could be worth up to $ 7.5 million to the cash-strapped Glasgow side , who have now lost seven players ahead of the new season . Liverpool also unveiled England midfielder Joe Cole , who joined on a free transfer earlier this week after his contract at double winners Chelsea expired . European champions Inter Milan signed Andrea Ranocchia from Genoa for an undisclosed fee on a five-year contract , but the 22-year-old central defender will be loaned back to the Serie A club for the new season . The Italian league winners also sent young striker Mattia Destro on loan to Genoa as part of the deal . It was a busy day for Genoa , who sold Greece 's World Cup defender Sokratis Papastathopoulos to AC Milan for a reported $ 5.7 million on a five-year contract . The 22-year-old was new Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri 's first signing since replacing Leonardo . Allegri also tied up veteran former Italy fullback Massimo Oddo , 34 , to a new one-year contract , while Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi told reporters that former Brazil star Ronaldinho was not for sale .	Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk sign Croatia striker Eduardo from Arsenal The 27-year-old joins for undisclosed fee despite recently signing new Arsenal contract English club Liverpool sign defender Danny Wilson from Scottish champions Rangers European champions Inter Milan sign defender Andrea Ranocchia from Genoa
CareerBuilder.com  -- Every day , William Schmidt gives job seekers with a not-so-great job history , a gap on their résumé or even a criminal record , a second chance . How does he do it ? He fabricates job references to cover up their sordid pasts . Schmidt is the founder of CareerExcuse.com , a Web site that says it will fill any gap on your résumé by acting as your past employer . It will go as far as creating a new company with an accompanying phone number , logo , Web site and LinkedIn profile . He says the site is designed to "  help our subscribers meet the needs of the modern day job market . " "  Many of our subscribers tell me how a bad reference from a previous employer is akin to having a criminal record and is preventing them from providing for their family . All they ask is for a second chance , " Schmidt says . While Schmidt says he feels good about the service he provides for job seekers , naturally , not everyone shares his opinion . After all , not only is it unethical to lie about anything on your job application , but some argue that it puts those who have legitimate references at an unfair disadvantage . "  It 's like using a professional photographer , who helps you look your best , versus using someone else 's photo . One is enhancing your appearance , while the other is blatant misrepresentation , " says David Wright , author of "  Get a Job ! Your Guide to Making Successful Career Moves . " "  People do make mistakes and bad choices . Winners learn from the mistakes while losers try to cover them up , hide them or keep making the same mistakes over and over while expecting different results . " Is the economy to blame ? Many people can agree that finding a job today is difficult and that not having anyone in your corner to toot your horn could be detrimental . Schmidt said he got the idea for his company after perusing posts on Twitter , where he said he saw many users asking strangers for references . "  We understand that there are over 12 million workers who have been fired or let go from former employers in the last eight years . With six applicants for every job today , anyone with a blemish in their career can be left out , " Schmidt says . Lauren Milligan , résumé expert and job coach for ResuMayday , says that it 's sad that job seekers would think they had to fake their references , but that she can see how the poor economy could lead to making desperate choices . "  If a candidate was previously turned down because of a lack of reference , that otherwise honest person may decide to unethically stack the deck in his or her favor , " she says . "  It 's kind of pathetic that anyone would have to -LSB- use a service for a reference -RSB- , but perhaps it could be that ` rock bottom ' that turns around bad behavior . " Is it worth it ? Some job seekers may think they need to use a fake reference because they were fired or need to cover a gap in their employment history . Experts say that paying someone to do that for you is likely a waste -- especially since many employers ignore the references you give them anyway . "  Having consulted on hundreds of hires , I do n't care about the three personal references the candidate has given . Anyone can find three people that will swear they can turn water into wine , " says Barry Maher , career consultant and owner of Barry Maher & Associates . "  I check everything else I can . And not just the last job , which may be a service that will vouch for them , but the job before that and the one before that , all the way down the line . " Checking references all the way down the line has also become much easier with the advent of social networking sites like Facebook and LinkedIn , which provide a place for you to list your employment history . Employers are n't stupid -- if a few things do n't match up , they 'll catch on pretty quickly . "  The good thing about social networking is that the world has become a much smaller , accessible place . The bad thing about social networking is that the world has become a much smaller , accessible place , " Milligan says . "  Within a few minutes , I believe that anyone with a mid-level of expertise in LinkedIn or Facebook  combined with an elementary-level -LSB- Internet -RSB- search  could identify fake information . Hiring mistakes are so costly ; due diligence can really pay off in a company 's recruiting process , " Milligan says . And while employers cross-reference information that candidates provide them , including references , services like CareerExcuse.com have an answer for that , too . "  CareerExcuse.com uses -LSB- social networks -RSB- to our advantage , " Schmidt says . "  As a matter of fact , it is the Internet and the reliance of the Internet by human resource managers that make our services work so successfully . " Consequences of your actions Every action has a consequence , including providing a fake job reference to a potential employer . Although you may not get caught , you 'll likely have to deal with trying to cover up your lies and forever worrying about if you 'll get caught . "  Liars are always going to use lies to try and put themselves at an advantage over honest people , " Wright says . "  This may be effective in the short run , but over time , honesty wins out because eventually lies do get found out , and liars are exposed for who they really are . As in a great quote attributed to Abraham Lincoln : ` You can fool some of the people all of the time , and all of the people some of the time , but you can not fool all of the people all of the time , ' " Wright warns . The truth will set you free If you feel the need to use a fake job reference , try these three tips from our experts instead : 1 . Turn your negatives into positives "  Nothing builds credibility like exposing your own negatives . You can turn them into positives , selling points , even bragging points , " Maher says . He gives the example of Clyde Thompson , who "  provided us with all the reasons why we may not want to hire him ; all the ones that we probably would have brought up on our own once he was out of the room , and a few more we might never have come up . Clyde presented his unemployability in a light made it appear that he 'd be a more reliable employee . And his honesty gained him a massive amount of credibility . " 2 . Do n't give up Before giving up and resigning yourself to having no references , Milligan suggests scouring LinkedIn and Facebook to try to reconnect with former colleagues . Or , consider if you 've volunteered anywhere , played on a sports team or been a member of industry associations . Reach out to peers from these organizations for a reference . "  References do n't only have to come from supervisors or co-workers , " she says . "  Perhaps company clients or vendors would have a few good things to say about you . " If you still ca n't find anyone to give you reference by the time an employer asks for one , Milligan suggests saying , "  Unbelievably , I was n't able to connect with any of my former supervisors or co-workers after ABC Co. shut down unexpectedly . Thanks to social networking , I 'm in the process of trying to find people , but it just has n't panned out yet . In lieu of that , I would assure you that I would n't have been able to achieve  insert career success here  if I was n't good at my job and I fully expect to create more successes like that one , for you . " 3 . Tackle the issue head-on Instead of trying to sweep the issue under the rug , be the first one to address it , Wright suggests . "  If you know you 've got something bad that would probably show up on a background check , it can help to be proactive , particularly when you 've established some degree of rapport with the hiring manager , " he suggests . "  Tell them that you want to be upfront with them -- you made a mistake in the past and they 'll probably find out anyway , but you 'd rather them hear it from you first . By being proactive , you have the opportunity to position it better as well , emphasizing your strengths or how you overcame that experience . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Company helps job applicants get fake references to cover for bad references Founder : Customers say bad reference like having criminal record Experts warn employers will find the truth during Internet searches Some say better to be upfront , explain how you 've turned things around
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people packed a soccer stadium in Cameroon Thursday , including President Paul Biya and his wife , for the first large-scale mass of Pope Benedict XVI 's first visit to Africa . Tens of thousands of people gathered at a football stadium in Cameroon to see the pope . Africa is the last continent that Benedict had left to visit , and one he could not avoid , said David Gibson , a biographer of the pope . "  He knows he has to do this . He knows Africa is the future of the  Roman Catholic  Church , as it is for all of Christianity , " said Gibson . Christianity , like Islam , is on the rise in Africa and Latin America , even as the northern hemisphere tends to become more secular . " One in five of the world 's Christians lives in Africa -- up from less than one in fifty in 1900 , said Brian Grim , an editor of the World Religion Database . So Benedict is making the visit although travel "  is not his cup of tea , " Gibson said . "  John Paul II loved the travel and loved the different cultures . Benedict is a European through and through . " Watch the pope at the soccer stadium " But Benedict understands that travel has become an essential part of a pope 's duties , said Gibson , the author of "  The Rule of Benedict : Pope Benedict XVI and His Battle with the Modern World . " Benedict drew cheers at the mass at the 40,000-seat Amadou Ahidjo Stadium when he told worshippers that God had not forgotten orphans , poor and abused children , and those "  forced to join paramilitary forces , " Cameroon TV reported . He did not mention condoms , a subject which sparked controversy when he reiterated the Vatican 's opposition to artificial birth control Monday while flying to Cameroon . Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world , according to the United Nations and World Health Organization . There has been fierce debate between those who advocate the use of condoms to help stop the spread of the epidemic and those who oppose it . The pope 's mention of birth control may have been an effort to draw attention to the trip , which "  is not getting much of a bounce in the Western media , " Gibson speculated . "  They are savvy enough to know that if the pope mentions condoms , it is going to be a headline , " he said of the pontiff 's advisers . The issue did not come up by chance , he pointed out . "  These were pre-selected questions for which they had prepared answers , " he said . The pope also Thursday met local Muslim leaders in Cameroon , a west African country which is just over one-quarter Roman Catholic and just under one-quarter Muslim . Both religions are expanding rapidly in Africa , said Grim , a senior research fellow in religion and world affairs at the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . Less than one in ten people in sub-Saharan Africa was Christian in 1900 . Today nearly six in ten are , he said . The region was about 14 percent Muslim at the beginning of the 20th century , he said , and about 30 percent Muslim now . Benedict outraged Muslim leaders around the world in 2006 by quoting the 15th-century Byzantine emperor Manuel II Paleologus when he said , "  Show me just what Mohammed brought that was new , and there you will find things only evil and inhuman , such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached . " He repeatedly apologized for the citation , which he said did not reflect his own views . "  It was a painful lesson but clearly the pope learned something from that , " Gibson said . The pope 's meeting Muslim leaders in person can help relations between the Church and Islam , the analyst added . Face-to-face encounters make "  the pope a human figure . That 's what these trips are really about -- to see that the pope is not the boogeyman , he is someone who is kind and wise and wants to discuss issues . "  It 's so easy to see caricatures , so for the pope simply to show up can be an enormously positive development , " Gibson said . Gibson said this week 's visit may be Benedict 's only trip to Africa . "  Knowing that the pope is older , he can not travel as much -- he does not like to travel -- makes these trips more poignant . He may never come back to Africa again . "	Tens of thousands of people pack soccer stadium in Cameroon for pope 's mass Pope tells followers that God has not forgotten orphans , poor and abused He did not mention condoms after sparking controversy earlier in the week
The Frisky  -- Last weekend at a party , I noticed a toad-like man attaching himself to a beautiful , talented friend of mine . Not only was she way out of his league , looks-wise , but as I eavesdropped I discovered he was one of those dudes who delivers endless monologues instead of engaging in actual conversations . Too many women are afraid to say , "  No , " says author . Ladies , I think we 've all been stuck with that guy . Now it was my friend 's turn . I could tell by her stunned look of horror that she wanted nothing to do with him , but she seemed frozen . My pal Ivan and I tried to intervene . "  Let 's go get some cake , " we suggested , physically pulling her from his side . Her relief was short-lived as he tracked her down and reattached himself to her hip . Watching her go through this made me think back on how many times I 've been afraid to say no . Maybe "  afraid " is the wrong word , but I 've spent hours worrying about offending men who would 've had no problem offending me if the situation were reversed . So I was thrilled when a copy of the hilarious book , "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " landed on my doorstep . As the title suggests , TPON is about learning to not only say no , but to embrace no , something women seem to have an inexplicably harder time doing than men . I shot off an email to author Beth Wareham asking her why we womenfolk find it so painful to blow-off a troll . "  The psycho-sexual-societal bulls -- t that makes women be such wimps in the face of an odious man is in our DNA . And young women often make the dreadful mistake of thinking everyone has to like them , " she fired back . The Frisky : 13 Woman you 're dating is a loser "  I believe that some dumb guy bugging you is a great moment to really march out a lie , " she continues . "  I mean , really , who goes around harassing strangers ? Say , ' I have herpes . ' Say , ' I am a hermaphrodite . ' Say any damn thing you want to say but get him out of your face . You have ONE LIFE . Do n't give chunks of it to this kind of dude ! " The Frisky : I 'm just not that into anyone anymore But for some guys -- and , let 's face it , girls , too -- the word "  no " can have an opposite effect , acting as an aphrodisiac . Wareham says , "  Human beings want what they do not and can not have . " But sometimes you mean it ! In that case , a persistent leghumper should be ignored , or reported to the cops if he gets stalky . "  Do n't answer . It 's your door , your cell . And , if it gets too bad , try 911 , " she advises . "  You would n't let anyone else harass you like that , would you ? " The Frisky : Are these dating habits cute or crazy ? Okay , so how about the Ambiguous Dater -- the cute guy who wants to "  hang out , " but never seems to make any plans . "  No hanging out , ever , " Wareham insists . "  If the guy ca n't think up an interesting date and find $ 40.00 bucks for a burrito and movie , no go . Dating should never be ` hanging out . ' Save that for marriage . " The Frisky : How to deal with ambiguous dater How about dumping someone , I asked . How do you do that nicely ? "  I am not the woman to ask if you want kindly , " Wareham replied . "  But , I do know this , keep the tone friendly . The less you imbue language with strong emotion , the better . I once said , ` Dude , it was way fun and I learned lots . But you yelled Mommy ! during sex . ' That happened to me , by the way . " Hey , wait a minute ... I once said yes to that guy too ! The Frisky : How to know when it 's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Women hesitate to say no out of fear they will offend men , columnist says "  The Power of NO : How to Keep Blowhards and Bozos at Bay " has tips on saying no Author : The word "  no " can act as an aphrodisiac for some men When saying , ` No " keep the tone friendly , but emotion-free , writer says
CNN  -- Fabrice Muamba 's fellow footballers rallied around the Bolton player after he was admitted to hospital following a possible heart attack during a match on Saturday . The midfielder was in critical condition in intensive care , the English Premier League club confirmed . He collapsed for no apparent reason four minutes before halftime in the FA Cup quarterfinal at Tottenham in London , and the match was abandoned . "  Come on Fabrice Muamba , praying for you , " Manchester United star Rio Ferdinand wrote on Twitter . Ferdinand 's clubmate and fellow England international Wayne Rooney added : "  Hope fabrice muamba is ok . Praying for him and his family . Still in shock . " Muamba in hospital 's heart attack center after collapse Arsenal 's England midfielder Jack Wilshere played with the 23-year-old while on loan at Bolton during the 2009-10 season . "  Hope Muamba is okay . Thoughts with him , " the 20-year-old tweeted . Muamba began his career at Arsenal , where he came through the youth ranks with defender Justin Hoyte , who now plays for second division club Middlesbrough . "  I seriously hope my best friend in football is OK . Stay strong bro please please stay strong . God is with you remember that , " tweeted Hoyte , who like Muamba has represented England at under-21 level . Muamba was born in the Democratic Republic of Congo , then known as Zaire , and came to England in 1999 at the age of 11 after being granted political asylum . He told the UK 's Daily Mail newspaper in 2008 that his family had fled due to his father 's previous position working for the overthrown regime of ex-president Mobutu Sese Seko , "  It was very , very tough , " Muamba said . "  I saw the war . I saw people die . I grew up with it . It was scary . "  I did n't live far from the gunshots and the sound of them going off . It was difficult to get used to , especially hearing guns at night . It did have an effect on me . "  It stopped us going out to play football because we were scared we would get killed . One or two of my friends were hurt , one or two of them have since died . " Muamba is said to be deeply religious , the UK Press Association reported . "  Fabrice is an extremely strong believer in God and says that he is the reason for everything he has done and accomplished , " according to his profile in a match-day booklet .	Football community sends messages of support for Fabrice Muamba Bolton midfielder collapsed during match and was taken to hospital He came to England at the age of 11 from Democratic Republic of Congo His family had to flee due to ties with former regime of president Mobuto
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Shiite rebels took responsibility Saturday for the abduction of the Yemeni President 's chief of staff in downtown Sanaa . Ahmed bin Mubarak , top aide to President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi , was abducted by gunmen Saturday morning , security officials said . Houthi rebels "  were forced to seize Mubarak and this was an important step to cut the way of any coup attempt on the peace and transition deal , " said a statement by the rebels ' political faction , Ansarullah . Hadi appointed bin Mubarak premier back in October , but the rebels rejected the nomination . A senior media adviser to the Houthi movement in Yemen , Osama Sari , told CNN that the presidential chief of staff had been detained by the Houthis as a message to the President . Sari added this was because the President wanted to introduce a new constitution without the approval of the Houthis . A Yemeni official close to the presidential administration also told CNN that the presidential chief of staff had been detained by armed men linked to the Houthi tribe . The official said they believed the detention was linked to disagreement over the constitution . "  This is force for political gain , a ridiculous show of muscle flexing , " the official said . The abduction comes amid rising tensions in the Arabian Peninsula country following the rise of Shiite Houthi rebels . Houthis swept into the capital last year , sparking battles that left more than 300 dead in a month . In September , Houthis signed a ceasefire deal with the government . Since then , its members have installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . Adding to Yemen 's turmoil is al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terror group that has been exploiting and stoking the instability . On Saturday , the Houthi media outlet , Al Maseerah , repeated the group 's claim of responsibility . The rebels further elaborated on their motives for the abduction in their statement . "  Surely there are series of steps the resistance forces will conduct to stop those powers from negligence and to stop their criminal activities against the people , today and in the future , " the rebels ' statement said , posted on Facebook . "  President Hadi must understand the sensitivity of the current situation and not be an umbrella for corrupt and criminal powers , " the statement added . The UK ambassador to Yemen and the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa called for bin Mubarak 's immediate release . "  Very concerned about the kidnapping of Dr Ahmed Bin Mubarak . Few have done more to support the 2011 Revolution and ideals , " Jane Marriott , the British ambassador to Yemen , said on Twitter . The "  Revolution " refers to months of demonstrations and crackdowns that led to civilian deaths in 2011 . Toward the end of that year , then-President Ali Abdullah Saleh resigned , and powers were transferred to then-Vice President Hadi . Hadi was elected President in February 2012 . . He was the only candidate on the ballot . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed from Yemen . CNN 's Jason Hanna also contributed to this report from Atlanta . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Houthi rebels say abduction sends a message to Yemeni President President seeks a new constitution without the approval of the Houthis , rebels say "  This is force for political gain , a ridiculous show of muscle flexing , " Yemen official says
I 'm one of the lucky ones . I landed a tenure-track job at a liberal arts college , a position that offers lots of personal interaction through teaching and advising . I get to bond with my students not only in the classroom , but also on nature retreats , at national conferences , and during travel seminars to other countries . When my students graduate , they tell me excitedly about their job offers and their acceptance letters to graduate school . I have a wonderful job . But my story is the exception . If higher education continues down its current path , full-time professors -- already an endangered species -- may become extinct . The reason : Uncontrollable fervor for online education . According to a jaw-dropping 2013 report by the Association of Governing Boards of Colleges and Universities , the percentage of tenure track  i.e. , permanent , full-time  positions has plummeted from 78 % in 1969 to about 33 % today . The report warns that "  the rising numbers of non-tenure-track faculty in higher education are negatively affecting student success . " Even before the online revolution , full-time professor jobs were already on the decline as colleges and universities came to rely on an army of inexpensive adjunct instructors . William Pannapacker , an English professor and columnist for The Chronicle of Higher Education , notes that adjuncts make about $ 2,700 per class , "  without job security , benefits , academic freedom , or any say in institutional governance . " But large-scale online education initiatives may do even more harm to the profession of full-time college teaching . In the 2012 book "  The Idea of the Digital University , " Frank McCluskey along with co-author Melanie Winter , argue that online learning is a direct cause of the rapid decrease in full-time , tenure-track positions . McCluskey , the retired provost of the American Public University System , believes online learning can be saved , but he says it 's going in the wrong direction . "  As online learning has grown , tenure has declined , " McCluskey told me . "  As technology has removed jobs from other sectors , such as finance and publishing , it is doing the same thing in higher education . But because we are labor intensive and low-tech , it got to us late . " When done right , online education can be a helpful complement to traditional classrooms . For example , my employer , Asbury University , has found a great balance between small online courses and traditional education . But in this season of economic uncertainty , the urge to convert traditional classes into impersonal , large-scale online courses is becoming irresistible to colleges and universities less committed to the sacred bond between teacher and student . The result ? Fewer full-time professors . In the short term , it cuts costs . But in the long term , it could destroy America 's higher education system . Quite depressingly , some online education experts have already disposed of the word "  professor . " "  The roles of those who decide to stay in higher education will shift to things such as content specialists , course facilitators , course designers and researchers , " said Jonan Donaldson , instructional design specialist at Oregon State University and co-author of "  Massively Open : How Massive Open Online Courses Changed the World . " Donaldson believes a world without traditional professors is imminent . "  The job of the college professor as we know it will continue to exist in elite institutions , but in most cases it will cease to exist , " he said . "  I predict that the change will come more rapidly than we can structurally or emotionally accommodate . " Sometime in the future , Donaldson predicts an improved higher education system , with better accountability and increased access for economically disadvantaged students . But in the meantime , Donaldson said : "  If our main concern is the happiness and well-being of professors , I 'm afraid bad news is coming . " Bad news , indeed . In a recent Wall Street Journal article , "  Private Colleges Squeezed , " Jonathan Henry , the vice president of enrollment management at Husson University in Maine , predicted that 30 % of small , non-elite private colleges will vanish in the next decade . The ones who survive "  will have to learn to live with less , " he told the Journal . Online education advocates often tout studies that supposedly show that online classrooms are just as effective as traditional classrooms . But loan default rates at online-only institutions tell another story . For years , we 've seen reports that students from for-profit universities , which specialize in large-scale online models , have loan default rates that are much higher than those from nonprofit schools . In 2010 , Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa published "  Debt Without a Diploma " in which he stated that nearly a quarter of students from for-profit institutions default on their loans within three years . The Government Accountability Office subsequently launched an investigation and found deceptive recruiting practices at many of the largest universities in the online for-profit sector . Nevertheless , the mad scramble to contain costs by using large-scale online classes continues unabated . Between 2008 and 2013 , the number of college students taking at least one online course nearly doubled , to 45 % , according to a survey by Crux Research . While only 2.6 % of higher education institutions currently have a "  massive open online course , " or MOOC , more than 9 % are planning for it , according to a study by Babson Survey Research Group . The logic seems to be : "  Why hire your own Ph.D. when you can show pre-recorded lectures to students hundreds of miles away , and then have their tests graded by a computer ? " Not all online education experts believe the job of full-time professor needs to vanish . McCluskey , for example , argues that by preserving tenure and keeping online classes small , universities can adapt to an online culture without losing their essence . "  I have watched MBAs use new management theories to make colleges more efficient , " McCluskey told me . "  But higher education should not be efficient . Fast food restaurants are efficient . " Kim Zarkin , associate professor of communication at Westminster College in Salt Lake City , believes there will be a backlash against online courses done on the cheap . She predicts that negative experiences with impersonal programs will ultimately drive students into the arms of institutions focused on teaching and personal interaction . "  Saying that the MOOCs are a solution to everything is the equivalent of saying , ` There 's the public library . Go get an education , ' " Zarkin said . For the sake of both students and professors , I hope Zarkin is right . I hope the job of full-time professor does n't go the way of the dinosaur . But I see an asteroid coming .	David Wheeler : Tenure-track full-time professors are an endangered species Wheeler : Blame it on the fervor for large-scale online education initiatives He says colleges are embracing online courses for cost-cutting reasons Wheeler : But in the long term they could destroy America 's higher education system
CNN  -- CNN iReporters documented some of the biggest global weather stories of the year , and captured some amazing photos in the process . Click through the gallery above to see some of their most compelling photographs of 2012 . And if you 're wondering how you might be able to capture images like this , it just so happens that CNN meteorologists Brandon Miller and Judson Jones recently joined the CNN iReport community on Facebook for a discussion on that very topic . Read their top 13 weather photography tips : 1 . Timing is everything . When it comes to weather photography on iReport , timing is everything , according to Miller . Oftentimes people will submit great weather images , "  but it 's a day or two after the event . By then we have moved on to new stories , " he said . 2 . Give lightning photos visual context . Lightning photos tend to be a common subject in weather photographs , and Miller says at times they start to look similar . "  What makes a lightning photo unique is what else is in the picture . -LSB- Like -RSB- an iconic building for instance , or a harbor in Hong Kong , " he said . But why does a building matter in a weather photo anyway ? Miller says things like a building or a harbor add to the overall context of the photograph . "  It makes it easier to tell the story on TV , and relates it to the viewer . " 3 . Capture drought through texture . The Midwest suffered a prolonged drought that not only stunted the growth of crops like corn and wheat , but dried out essential bodies of water , bringing parts of the Mississippi River to extremely low levels . Despite the visible signs of drought , it can be one of the hardest things to capture through photography , Jones said . The best way to convey drought is by capturing the texture , like photographing a dried up lakebed . "  Most people never see the bottom of a lake , " he said . " -LSB- It -RSB- puts the whole drought into perspective . " 4 . Use wide angle shots . When it comes to capturing weather , it is important to see the whole picture . Miller suggests using wide angle shots to help put the photograph in context . "  Show more of the sky and not necessarily focus on what you think is important , like zooming in on a funnel cloud and ignoring the rest of the storm , " he said . 5 . Take multiple photographs . That epic weather moment can happen literally in a flash . If you want to increase your likelihood of capturing a great weather shot , you have to shoot multiple photographs , according to Jones . "  You never want to shoot only one photo , " he said . 6 . Move around . As quickly as weather changes , it also moves . Standing in one location may not be the best method when it comes to capturing a weather photograph . "  Move around and get a little bit of a different perspective , " Jones said . Adding more perspective gives your photographs more depth and context , he explains . 7 . No filters , ever . A slight change in saturation , a little color boost or Instagram-type filter on a weather photograph can totally change its meaning . Miller says to avoid adding filters when capturing weather photographs . 8 . Edit with darkroom tricks only . Here is Jones ' rule of thumb for editing weather photographs : "  Only do in post-production what you could have done in a darkroom , " he said . "  Simple contrast , exposure , cropping and white balance are all you really should ever do , unless you are working on something for an art exhibit . " 9 . Patience is key . Weather is dynamic , but sometimes the shot you are looking for might not happen right away . Patience is fundamental , according to Jones , who also suggests using a remote camera set-up prior to a weather event . After setting up your camera , Jones says it 's all about waiting . "  Be patient . It may take awhile , but eventually you will get the strike you are looking for . " 10 . Monitor storm events . If you want to capture weather photographs , Miller suggests monitoring the National Weather Service and Storm Prediction Center . "  They will provide accurate forecasts one to three days out for tornadoes , wind , hail , etc. , " he said . 11 . Do n't just hold hail . Hail is a big weather event , and happens in many parts of the world . It 's common for people to photograph images of themselves holding up pieces of hail , but those images do n't place the storm in context . Jones says hail is great to photograph when it is in perspective of the people it is affecting . He suggests photographing hail if it damages crops or breaks windshields , for example . 12 . Time-lapse away . Time-lapses are a bit trickier to create , but they are a great way of capturing the whole storm , according to Miller . "  We love time-lapses , " he said . "  It allows us to show an entire storm unfold in a few seconds . " He says the best events in which to use time-lapse photography are snowstorms or a hurricane 's passage . 13 . Stay safe . Weather is dangerous , and when it comes to photographing it , Jones says it 's important to be cognizant of general weather safety . "  Know your surroundings and the safest place to be , " he said . Sometimes you do n't even need to be out in the storm to capture that perfect shot . Jones suggests using a camera with a remote timer . "  I put my camera -- with a manual setting -- on a tripod ... set the aperture ... and focus on infinity or an object I want to be the center of -LSB- my -RSB- story , " he said . Now get out there and put those tips to work ! You can share your images in our severe weather or winter weather assignment .	CNN iReporters documented some of the biggest global weather stories of the year CNN meteorologists shared their tips for capturing strong weather images in 2013 and beyond Use wide angle shots , time-lapse away and take multiple photographs Most importantly , stay safe
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Republicans avoided a major headache on Tuesday night when Thom Tillis , the North Carolina house speaker and establishment favorite , won the Republican Senate nomination outright , dodging a protracted summer runoff fight against a grassroots-backed opponent . With an assist from big-spending outside groups , Tillis dispatched his two main primary rivals , tea party-backed Greg Brannon and the Baptist pastor Mark Harris , with relative ease , clearing the 40 % mark needed to skirt a July runoff election . Tillis moves on to face Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan , one of the Senate 's most endangered incumbents , in what 's certain to be among the most negative -- and expensive -- races of 2014 . 2014 midterms : Six factors between now and election day But that was n't the only story line unfolding on Tuesday . Here are five takeaways from primary night in North Carolina . 1 . Republican establishment passes early test : The GOP establishment -- that galaxy of Washington-based political operatives , national party committees and business groups who care first and foremost about winning -- promised early on that they would n't let controversial candidates jeopardize their chances of re-taking the Senate this year . North Carolina was the first test in their mission to make sure that no Todd Akins , Christine O'Donnells or Richard Mourdocks would be on the Senate ballot in 2014 . The Chamber of Commerce and the Karl Rove-backed American Crossroads spent north of $ 2 million propping up state House Speaker Thom Tillis when the candidate himself lacked the resources to go on statewide television . A few weeks ago , most Republicans in North Carolina were predicting that Tillis would not be able to break 40 % of the vote , thereby forcing a July runoff election . But with the help of outside spending , a largely error-free campaign and the inability of his underfunded grassroots challengers to land a punch , Tillis surged late and cleared the runoff hurdle easily . Republicans are breathing easier , confident they have the candidate with the best shot to beat Democrat Hagan . Key races to watch in 2014 2 . Democrats open up the extremist playbook : The Democratic National Committee fired off a memo to reporters right after Tillis secured the GOP nomination . "  Thom Tillis : Extreme , Scandal Plagued Conservative : Bring It On , " it was titled . No surprise there : For the better part of a year , Hagan 's campaign has been planning to paint Tillis as a right-wing ideologue who , as state house speaker , curtailed voting rights , slashed education budgets and fought to limit women 's access to contraception and abortion . They were just hoping he 'd have to slog through a nasty Republican-on-Republican runoff first . Now the general election begins . Democrats will work overtime to render Tillis unacceptable to suburban women and middle class voters by hitting him on issues like women 's health and wages . Tillis plans to tie Hagan to President Obama and his health care law at every turn . If that sounds like the dynamic of pretty much every other federal race in the country so far this year , well , that 's because it is . 3 . Rand Paul stumbles : Rand Paul gambled -- and lost . After spending much of the last two years making nice with the GOP establishment as he lays groundwork for a 2016 presidential bid , Paul confounded Republicans by making a last minute trip to Charlotte to campaign for Brannon , a controversial tea party candidate who turned out to be Tillis ' most serious primary opponent . Paul called Brannon a "  hero " and a "  dragon slayer " at a rally outside the NASCAR Hall of Fame on Monday , saying he would shake up the status quo in Washington . Brannon supporters hoped it would bring a last minute burst of energy to their upstart campaign . But for Paul-watchers , the appearance was a head-scratcher . A bloody Tillis-Brannon runoff was precisely the scenario that Washington Republicans who might help Paul in 2016 -- including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , his fellow Kentuckian -- were hoping to avoid . And while Paul had already endorsed Brannon , he was further grafting himself onto a flawed candidate who was recently found liable by a jury for misleading investors in a failed tech firm . The Kentucky senator said his endorsement was about principle . But Paul has also developed a reputation as a canny political operator who is taking a methodical approach to the presidential race . He did n't look very savvy in North Carolina , where he put his political muscle to the test but could n't pull his favored candidate over the finish line . Paul was quick to save face . He endorsed Tillis on Facebook soon after the race was called , and urged Republicans to unite behind him . 4 . Immigration fight fizzles : Rep. Renee Ellmers is a rare specimen : A House Republican who backs immigration reform , including a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants . She calls it "  an earned legal work status . " Conservatives , of course , call it "  amnesty . " Ellmers , a nurse from North Carolina 's 2nd District who was elected in 2010 with tea party support , has been unapologetic , tangling with her constituents over the issue in town hall meetings and calling conservative radio talker Laura Ingraham "  ignorant " during a recent on-air debate about immigration . Her immigration reform cheerleading drew the attention of a pro-immigration reform group backed by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , which ran television ads on her behalf . But she also drew a conservative primary challenger : a radio talk show host and GOP perma-candidate named Frank Roche . Roche hit Ellmers hard , framing his entire candidacy as a referendum on Ellmers ' support for immigration reform and her willingness to work with the GOP establishment . Roche 's poorly funded campaign gave Ellmers a scare , but in the end she skated to a primary win . 5 . Anti-war Republican survives : Rep. Walter Jones , a 20-year incumbent from the state 's coastal 3rd District , faced perhaps the toughest challenge of his long career from Taylor Griffin , a Republican strategist and former George W. Bush administration official from Washington who returned to New Bern to run for the seat . Griffin 's critique of Jones centered on the congressman 's libertarian drift . Jones famously broke with his party over foreign policy during the Iraq War , calling it a mistake and predicting that former Vice President Dick Cheney will someday rot in hell . Jones became an ardent supporter of Ron Paul , voted to regulate Wall Street , and has been a regular thorn in the side of House Republican leaders like John Boehner , who kicked him off the House Financial Services committee in 2012 . Griffin labeled Jones the "  most liberal " Republican in Congress , a questionable line of attack considering Jones ' fierce social conservatism . But Griffin worked hard and had the support of hawkish outside groups who ran blistering television and radio ads against Jones , and he picked up a a late endorsement from Sarah Palin . But it was probably too late . Jones , with his deep ties to the district , survived . Republicans in North Carolina , however , believe Griffin scuffed Jones up enough to make him vulnerable in 2016 . That 's if he does n't retire first . GOP establishment 1 , tea party 0 after NC Senate primary Clay Aiken has slim edge in NC primary	GOP establishment passes early test in family feud with tea party Democrats quick to label Senate candidate an "  extremist " Rand Paul moves quickly to save face after curious endorsement Fight over immigration turns out to be fizzle rather than fury
CNN  -- Gunmen opened fire on two U.S. immigration agents in Mexico on Tuesday , killing one and injuring the other , officials said . The two agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  were attacked Tuesday afternoon while driving between Mexico City and Monterrey . One of the agents was gravely wounded and died later Tuesday . The other was in stable condition after being shot in the arm and leg , according to a statement released by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . The shooting took place about 23 miles north of downtown Mexico City at approximately 3 p.m. ET , an ICE official said . The official spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity because the case is still under investigation . The agents , according to the official , were doing "  routine work , " traveling on a well-traveled highway in an armored car with diplomatic plates . They were forced off the road in Ojo de Aqua and surrounded by a group of more than 10 people . Prior to the shootings the agents apparently identified themselves as diplomats , the official said . The shooting provoked a swift condemnation from the U.S. government . DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano said , "  Let me be clear : Any act of violence against our ICE personnel -- or any DHS personnel -- is an attack against all those who serve our nation and put their lives at risk for our safety . "  The full resources of our department are at the disposal of our Mexican partners in this investigation , " Napolitano said . "  I am deeply saddened by the news , " Napolitano said . Senator Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , who chairs the chamber 's Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , called the shootings "  the latest reminder of the grievous violence south of our border that must be stopped . " One official said the victims , whose identities have not been released , were the first ICE agents to be gunned down in Mexico . According to ICE , the agency has about 30 officers assigned to its office in Mexico City . They work a range of issues including drugs , weapons , currency and immigration . "  ICE is working with the U.S. State Department , Mexican authorities and other U.S. law enforcement partners to investigate the shooting , " the agency said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with our colleagues . " ICE Director John Morton said the "  tragedy is a stark reminder of the risks cofronted and the sacrifices made by our men and women every day . Mexican officials also released a statement on the shootings . "  Mexico 's government vigorously condemns this serious act of violence , and expresses its solidarity with the United States Government and the families of those attacked , " the statement read . "  Federal authorities , in coordination with state cooperation , have an ongoing investigation to clarify what happened and bring to justice those responsible . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report	NEW : Mexican government confirms ICE agent slain in gun attack Second victim in stable condition after being shot in the arm and leg U.S. officials , Mexican government condemn attack
CNN  -- Super Bowl XLVII ground to a halt early in the third quarter Sunday night , when about half of the lights in the Superdome went out . Lights in the New Orleans stadium 's upper tier went dark with the Baltimore Ravens leading the San Francisco 49ers 28-6 , minutes after the Ravens ' Jacoby Jones ran back the kickoff that opened the second half a record 108 yards for a touchdown . About 10 minutes later , an announcement inside the Superdome indicated that the lights would be restored "  momentarily . " A short time later , lights began coming back on incrementally . Beyonce lights up the halftime show before lights go out During the outage and the slow restoration of lights , players stayed on the field , talking to one another and stretching , waiting for play to resume . Spectators largely followed requests to remain in their seats . Jeff Darlington , a reporter for the league-funded NFL Network , tweeted out a picture showing "  the outside lights ... completely out . Very , very eerie . " A spokesman for Entergy , the utility that powers the Superdome and much of the area , said the problem was confined to the stadium itself . "  We are providing power to the dome , " said Entergy spokesman Philip Allison . "  Power in  the rest of  New Orleans is fine . " Play finally resumed at 8:10 p.m.  9:10 p.m. ET  , about 34 minutes after the last play according to CBS , which broadcast the game . The NFL subsequently issued a brief statement that acknowledged the problem but did not say what happened : "  Stadium authorities are investigating the cause of the power outage . " Superdome spokesman Eric Eagan , meanwhile , was even more succinct , saying , "  We sincerely apologize for the incident . " Whatever the reason , the restoration of the lights seemed to energize the 49ers . In about 10 minutes on the play clock , the 49ers notched three scores -- a 31-yard touchdown reception by Michael Crabtree , a 6-yard touchdown run by Frank Gore and a 34-yard field goal by David Akers -- to tighten a once-daunting gap and make the score 28-23 at the end of the third quarter . Twice in the fourth quarter , San Francisco had chances to pull even or go-ahead . The first was a 2-point conversion attempt that could have tied the score 31-31 , but failed . Then , with about two minutes to go , the 49ers had four chances to score a go-ahead touchdown from inside the 10-yard line . That did n't happen either . And when the final whistle sounded , the Ravens were basking in the Superdome limelight -- all of them , by then -- after their 34-31 Super Bowl win . Epic returns , faltering lights , seesaw battles -- follow the game here CNN 's Jeff Kepnes , Greg Botelho , Jillian Martin and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : The 49ers rally after the blackout , but fall just short as the Ravens win 34-31 About half of the Superdome 's lights go out during the third quarter of Super Bowl XLVII An Entergy official says the problem is tied to the dome ; the rest of New Orleans "  is fine " Play resumes after a roughly 34-minute break ; NFL says it 's investigating the cause
LONDON , England  CNN  -- King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has begun his visit to the UK as controversy continues over issues related to the Middle Eastern kingdom . King Abdullah is greeted by Britain 's Prince Charles at Heathrow Airport . Queen Elizabeth and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown met the king at London 's Horseguards Parade parade ground , ahead of a full state banquet at Buckingham Palace . Brown will hold talks with King Abdullah at Downing Street Wednesday before the king 's departure Thursday . The UK government regards the state visit , the first in two decades , as being of fundamental importance due to Saudi Arabia 's involvement in hot issues such as the war on terror , the situation in both Iran and Iraq and the attempt to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians . But the visit has attracted controversy in the UK from activists on a number of issues . Human rights groups have called on the UK government to react to allegations about the treatment of women and the gay community in the Saudi kingdom , while other protesters have attacked the failure of the Serious Fraud Office investigation into alleged bribes surrounding arms deals . The Press Association reported that around 100 demonstrators lined The Mall , the approach to Buckingham Palace , shouting at the procession as it passed by . Peter Tatchell , a human rights campaigner , told the agency that the UK government was showing "  incredible hypocrisy " for making no comment about alleged abuses in Saudi Arabia while condemning events in Myanmar and Zimbabwe . "  It just shows oil and arms sales seem to have bought the Government 's silence , " the agency reported him as saying . There have also been allegations by Policy Exchange , a think tank , that organizations linked to the Saudi authorities have promoted Islamic fundamentalist literature in UK mosques . Watch how royal visit has stirred anger . " Vince Cable , acting leader of opposition party the Liberal Democrats , has already announced he will not attend events associated with the visit , while several ministers from Brown 's ruling Labour party are expected to join a human rights protest outside the Saudi embassy Wednesday . King Abdullah stirred controversy ahead of his visit Monday , accusing British authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the 2005 London bombings In an interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation , the Saudi king said Britain failed to act on information provided by Saudi security services ahead of the suicide bombings on London 's transport network in July 2005 that killed 52 people and injured more than 770 . "  We sent information to Great Britain before the terrorist atrocities in Britain , but unfortunately no action was taken and it may have been able to avert the tragedy , " the monarch told the BBC . He refused to elaborate on the details of the intelligence , saying that disclosing specific information "  may cause sensitivities " between the two countries ' security services . A British Home Office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from Saudi Arabia had been overlooked in the run-up to the atrocities and that information provided by the Saudis "  was materially different from what actually occurred on 7 July and clearly not relevant to those acts . " "  We have made it clear that if we had intelligence that could have prevented the attacks we would have acted upon it , " the spokesman told CNN . He also cited a parliamentary investigation last year that found no evidence that intelligence , passed on by the Saudis , could have prevented the bombings . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi Arabian counterpart in London Monday , but the Foreign Office insisted it was for personal reasons and not a snub . Miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the British Foreign Office confirmed to CNN . Miliband 's duties were being carried out by junior ministers in his absence . E-mail to a friend	NEW Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah begins state visit to UK , meets queen , PM Controversy over human rights , literature in UK mosques , BAE inquiry Several MPs plan to either boycott the visit or join demonstrations The king Monday accused UK authorities of not doing enough to fight terrorism
CNN  -- The person responsible for a Virginia Tech student 's death was familiar with the area where her body was recovered , police said Thursday . The farmland site where Morgan Harrington 's remains were found is the "  most significant " aspect of the investigation into her death , Virginia State Police Lt. Joe Rader said . He asked that members of the surrounding community call police with any details of the area and who has frequented it . "  People in North Garden , people in the Anchorage Farm area , you know what goes on there , " Rader said , referring to areas of Virginia 's Albemarle County . "  You know the history . You know who comes in and out of that vicinity . You may not realize it , but you probably have some information for us that you do n't think is important . " Morgan Harrington disappeared October 17 , after attending a Metallica concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia . The 20-year-old education major was separated from her friends at the concert . A farmer discovered her skeletal remains on his 700-acre farm January 26 , police said . The farm is about 10 miles from the concert site . There have been no arrests in the case , police said . The cause of her death is still under investigation . Investigators think that the farm "  did not present an unnecessary risk for the person responsible " and that the person passed through or visited the farm or the nearby area , Rader said . Traveling to the area where the remains were found "  would have created a significant risk for any person not familiar to that area and not comfortable with that type of setting , " Rader said . "  Farmland like the place where Morgan 's body was located has obstacles , difficult obstacles . It has streams , it has fences , it has defects , it has terrain that changes . That 's important , that 's a high-risk opportunity to pick that location to take Morgan Harrington unless you 're familiar with the area , " he said . "  We do n't believe those are challenges that someone unfamiliar with the area would confront . " The farmer who found Harrington 's remains came across them in a remote section of a hayfield , police said last month . The farm 's owner , David Dass , told CNN affiliate WTVR that he was out looking for damage after wind and rain knocked down several trees in his yard when he found "  what looked like a human skull . " He told WTVR that the area is at least a mile and a half from a main roadway . Read more about the case from WTVR "  There is no public access to this particular area . The hayfield was last cut in August 2009 and would have been possibly waist-high by mid-October 2009 , " a January police statement said . On the October night Harrington went missing , she had left her friends to use the restroom during the concert , police said . When she did not return , her friends called her cell phone at 8:48 p.m. . She told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its policy , police said , but she told them not to worry about her and she would find a ride home . There are restrooms inside the arena , police said , and authorities do not know how or why Harrington got outside . Witnesses who saw her outside the arena said she did not appear to be with anyone , police said . About 9:30 p.m. , witnesses reported seeing a person matching Harrington 's description walking on a nearby bridge , police said . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , with her identification and cell phone inside , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena , police said . A friend had driven Harrington 's car to the concert , she said , and still had the car keys when they became separated . Police are asking anyone with information on the case to call 434-709-1685 . The family will hold a Mass for Harrington on Friday in Roanoke , Virginia . "  We are grief stricken by her death but also lifted by the knowledge that Morgan Dana Harrington was precious to so many and will not be forgotten , " her family wrote Monday on their Web site dedicated to Harrington . "  She mattered , to us all . "	Person responsible for death said to be familiar with area where remains were found Morgan Harrington last seen at concert in October , when she was separated from friends Harrington 's skeletal remains were found on 700-acre farm about 10 miles from concert site Fences , streams , terrain would make land difficult for stranger to negotiate , authorities say
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Garry Kasparov has defeated the world 's greatest chess players and battled a supercomputer for supremacy . Now , he 's facing his toughest opponent , but trying to check the power of Russian President Vladimir Putin has n't been easy . Garry Kasparov , right , says Vladimir Putin 's regime is at a "  dangerous phase " of turning into a dictatorship . Intensely sharp , the energetic 44-year-old Kasparov , whose political opposition party has been the most vocal against Putin 's Kremlin , can hardly suppress his fury with the country 's leadership . Jailed for five days before Sunday 's parliamentary elections , the brooding grandmaster has spent long hours plotting his moves and countermoves . "  This regime is entering a very dangerous phase that is turning it into a dictatorship , " he told journalists as he arrived at his Moscow apartment shortly after his release on Thursday . He said he had been denied access to a lawyer since his arrest at a banned anti-government protest that he organized in Moscow last weekend , but that his commitment to opposing Putin remained strong . "  I 'm undeterred in my resolution to fight this regime , " he said . Watch Kasparov wo n't be a pawn " Maxim Mishchenko , a Putin youth leader , is equally undeterred . The 30-year-old leader of a group called "  Young Russia " -- one of many organizations that have sprouted up in support of Putin -- is ardent in his defense of the Kremlin 's path . Terms like dictatorship , autocracy and undemocratic make no sense when applied to Russia , he says . "  It is complete nonsense . These accusations are part of the hysteria , which is fueled against our country , " he said . Sunday 's parliamentary elections are expected to reinforce the hold on power of Putin 's United Russia Party , although it 's not clear what role Putin may have in the regime when his presidential term expires next year . Mishchenko accuses what he calls enemies of Russia of plotting to keep his country weak . "  It does n't suit certain forces inside and outside Russia to have stability inside of Russia . Therefore , these forces are attempting to shake the situation from inside , " he said . "  We have seen how it was done in Ukraine and in Georgia , when a minority with the use of political technologies has captured power , " Mishchenko says , referring to the pro-Western revolutions that took place in the two former Soviet republics in recent years . Kasparov dismisses claims of a U.S.-backed conspiracy funding the opposition movement he has galvanized . Intellectually , he says , the Russian leader is no match . "  I think Putin is a KGB officer , and he is an expert on judo , and he relies only on brute force , " Kasparov says . "  He is used to playing with an overwhelming advantage and now he 's still ahead , but his position is getting worse while we are gaining the momentum . " Putin has been fortunate , he says , to have such high oil prices supporting his regime . Fortunate , not clever . "  He is a lucky president , or a lucky dictator , but that tells us nothing about his ability to play on a level playing field . He was never a part of a public debate , his regime does not know how to deal with a public protest . They do n't understand the nature of compromise , " he said . "  And the only way to make sure the Russian government reflects the views of the Russian people is to learn how to get compromise and create a broad coalition . " But it is precisely Putin 's uncompromising stance on a range of issues -- like energy supply to European nations -- that Mishchenko says makes the Russian leader so popular in his country . "  People link their hopes for revival of Russia as a superpower with Putin , " Mishchenko said . "  Putin has stood up against those wishing that Russia dies as a nation . He gave to Russia the right for revival and he works for saving Russia as a culture and as a nation . " But while Russia 's economy -- fueled by high prices for gas and oil -- is booming , and the country is resurgent on the international stage , it is still a nation ravaged by problems . On this , even Kasparov and Mishchenko agree . "  I will work on improving Russian roads , for example , to complete a road from Central Russia to Chita , in the Russian Far East , " says Mishchenko of his political ambition . "  I think I will also work on improving social conditions for young families , tackling the problem of access to kindergartens . " Kasparov sees the wide wealth gap as the major political problem facing his nation . "  People ask me this question time and again : ` Why , Mr. Kasparov , tell us , there 's so much money in the country , but nothing in our pockets ? ' " Kasparov said . "  I think people are slowly beginning to understand there is a connection -- a mystical connection for Russians -- between high living standards and political freedom . " E-mail to a friend	Kasparov : "  This regime is entering a very dangerous phase " The chess grandmaster has become Russia 's leading opposition figure A Putin youth leader says accusations against Russian leader are "  nonsense " Parliamentary elections to be held Sunday
CNN  -- What started as a night drinking in the pub , turned into a morning riding a wild zebra . If it sounds like the kind of story generated by one-too-many beers and a vivid imagination , then there 's no doubting legendary horse trainer Gary Witheford 's photos . Yep , that 's a girl riding a zebra , all right . While other trainers usually take six to eight weeks to break in a horse , British equine expert Witheford says he can do the job in just 20 minutes , as revealed in his new book "  If Horses Could Talk . " Not just horses -- but donkeys , llamas , and a black-and-white striped animal better associated with the African savannah than the English countryside . "  I 've done four zebras , " says the 54-year-old , who has also broken race horses belonging to Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , Dubai ruler Sheik Mohammed , and England 's national football team captain Wayne Rooney . "  They said zebras ca n't be broken , they ca n't be ridden . But the first one was broken in 40 minutes . And the next one , which was completely wild , was broken and ridden away in 20 minutes . " Wild ride In his 30 years in the business , Witheford , who prefers to be called a "  horseman , " says he has never encountered an animal that was not tameable . And that includes zebras -- the horse 's exotic equine cousin , which for centuries has roamed the African plains unsaddled . Witheford made a boozy boast to that effect while drinking with friends at a local bar one night in 1996 . Little did he realize he was overheard by a woman who worked at nearby Longleat Safari Park in the south of England . "  I can get you a zebra , " she said . True to her word , the following morning Witheford was confronted with two zebras -- one of them so flighty it dashed straight out onto the motorway , where it narrowly escaped oncoming traffic . These creatures were wild , even by the "  horseman 's " standards . One kicked him so hard with its hind legs that it split his hand open . "  Zebras are at the bottom of the pecking order , " explains Witheford . "  The lions and the hyenas are always on their backs . "  So they 're sharp -- they have to react to sounds , smell , and sight very quickly or they 'll get eaten . They 're always on guard . " Meet Mombasa Nonetheless Witheford set to work on the first zebra , called Mombasa , much like he would any other horse -- though rather than bending down to attach the saddle , he kept his distance by using a type of pulley system . He allowed Mombasa to race and rear around the pen until the three-year-old colt tired himself out to the point of compliance . When it comes to the details of Witheford 's taming technique however , the fast-talking trainer makes it sound so simple . "  I just go into the pen , put a saddle on it , let it have a little buck and a rear , and then within two minutes it wants to come back to you , " says the grandfather-of-three , speaking by phone from his stables in Wiltshire , in the south of England . "  It 's about reading the animal -- understanding it by the way it licks and chews , its ears and eye contact , how the body language is working . "  Once it starts to trust you , it does what you ask it to do . " Peculiar pet Once Mombasa was settled , a small jockey was needed for the zebra , which stood just 12 hands high . Schoolgirl and keen rider Nicky Davies was enlisted for the task , and within 30 minutes was happily trotting the animal around the pen , much to everyone 's amazement . Three more zebras followed Mombasa , eventually living on Witheford 's farm as among the most unusual pets the English countryside had ever seen . "  You 'd call Mombasa and he 'd come galloping over , braying like he does , " Witheford says . "  He was like my dog , he was so friendly . " Healing horses Could Witheford 's magic touch come from a deeper , spiritual connection , given the issues of childhood trauma that he reveals in his book ? "  I threw myself into horses , and I learned to stay away from people -- people hurt you , horses do n't , " says Witheford . "  I think they understood that I might have come from a broken family -- they see the innocence in me , and I see the innocence in them . " Today , the celebrity trainer "  breaks in " anywhere between 600 and 800 horses a year -- not that he sees it that way . "  Break is a bad word , " says Witheford . "  You do n't want to break the horse . If you went to school for the first day in your life , and you got knocked about and frightened , you would n't want to go back the second day . "  It 's more about starting something new . ` Start ' is a nicer word I think . " A new start , not just for the horses -- but for the legendary "  horseman " himself . Learn : Thoroughbred therapy on Cape Town coast See : Inside the world 's ` Tee Pee Capital '	Ever thought zebras could n't be tamed ? Think again Gary Witheford has broken four zebras , plus donkeys and llamas Celebrity trainer has worked for Queen , Sheik Mohammed , Wayne Rooney He kept zebras as pets in English countryside , says they behaved like dogs
Atlanta  CNN  -- The remnants of Tropical Storm Lee settled in over the mid-Atlantic and Northeast on Wednesday , prompting warnings of heavy rain and flash flooding in areas from Washington up to western New England , the National Hurricane Center said . Several rounds of heavy rain lie in store for much of the region the next couple of days , with an additional 2 to 6 inches forecast -- and in isolated cases as much as 10 inches . This comes on top of the heavy precipitation that already has fallen in the region as the storm , which blew up from the Gulf of Mexico , ran up against an extra-tropical low-pressure system centered across the central Appalachian Mountains and stalled . "  These rains may cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , " the prediction center said . A flash flood warning for the District of Columbia remains in effect till midnight tonight , with damaging wind gusts and severe thunderstorms also possible . A news release from the D.C. Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency urged people to "  avoid driving when possible , drive very carefully when you must drive , and stay alert for pooling water that you can not drive through . " Earlier Wednesday , the storm caused a series of air traffic delays across the Northeast . Multiple flights were delayed by over an hour in the New York metro area and by up to 55 minutes in Boston and Philadelphia . The forecast was unwelcome news for waterlogged Vermont and northern New York , which could receive another 1 to 3 inches of rain with up to 4 inches possible in some spots by Wednesday night . "  We could get flooded again , " Robin Stewart of Paterson , New Jersey , told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  We 're real concerned about that . " Garbage remained piled outside Stewart 's home after flooding from Irene wrecked her lower level , WCBS said . Stewart has n't had power for more than a week , and she is afraid more rain will flood her home again and keep her in the dark even longer . "  When everybody else is on their way to recovery , we 're getting flooded again , " Stewart said . Some eye-popping storm rainfall totals in the Northeast were recorded through 5 p.m. Wednesday in Becket , Massachusetts  8.11 inches  ; Rockaway , New Jersey  8.43  ; Phillipsburg , New Jersey  7.9  ; and Forks , Bethlehem and Dover , Pennsylvania  just over 7 inches  . Lee left at least four people dead as it crossed the Southeast , dumping as much as 12 to 15 inches of rain in many places . In Gwinnett County , Georgia , just outside Atlanta , firefighters said Tuesday they found the body of a man who drowned in a rain-swollen creek near Norcross . In Baldwin County , Alabama , police said they no longer believe a missing 16-year-old boy is alive . The teen was last seen on a beach near Gulf Shores on Sunday . A flooding death was also reported in rural northeast Mississippi , where one person drowned after floodwater swept away a vehicle in Tishomingo County , emergency officials said . And a woman was struck by a tree and killed in Chattanooga , Tennessee , early Tuesday . CNN 's Sarah Dillingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Remnants of Lee settle in Wednesday over mid-Atlantic , Northeast NEW : Flash flood warnings range from D.C. to western New England Rainfall amounts of up to 10 inches are forecast in isolated pockets Lee is blamed for at least four deaths in the South
Paris  CNN  At least a dozen people have been detained in the Paris region in connection with last week 's shootings , the city prosecutor 's office said Friday . The people arrested are suspected of providing logistical support for the attacks . The arrests were made in the Grigny and Fleury-Merogis neighborhoods , and those arrested were in Amedy Coulibaly 's entourage , the Paris prosecutor 's representative said . Coulibaly was killed last Friday in a police siege to end a hostage taking at a kosher supermarket in Paris . He had killed four hostages and is believed to have shot a policewoman to death in the city a day earlier . Two days before Coulibaly was killed , brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi had attacked the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , killing 12 people and injuring 11 . They died the same day as Coulibaly as police moved in to end a separate siege . There does not appear to be a command-and-control element to the Paris attacks other than a general "  go forward and do something , " a Western official with direct knowledge told CNN , describing the attack as "  highly franchised terrorism with general instructions . " The Kouachi brothers "  legitimately aligned with AQAP " and Cherif Kouachi was associated with networks that brought him to Yemen to train with the terror group , but Coulibaly 's alleged connection with ISIS is still unclear , the official said . AQAP refers to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Investigators are still trying to determine whether Coulibaly coordinated with the Kouachi brothers in the execution of the attacks or launched his own attack after learning of their actions , said the Western official . Who were the victims ? France 's frayed nerves will not be eased by the Belgian authorities ' operation Thursday to dismantle a suspected terror cell believed to be on the brink of carrying out attacks on police . However , investigators have so far found no links with events in Paris , Belgian prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said . Meanwhile , in the French city of Reims , about 90 miles  145 kilometers  northeast of Paris , the City Hall confirmed Friday that a police operation had taken place and that there had been gunfire . It 's not clear whether this is related to the investigation of the Paris attacks . However , Reims was the hometown of Said Kouachi . At the same time , a man with a handgun entered a post office in Colombes , a northwestern suburb of Paris , according to the local police department . Police said the man might be mentally unstable and that they did not know yet if this was terror-related . According to French media , there are up to five hostages inside the post office . In his first visit to France since last week 's terror attacks , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that he "  really wanted to come here and share a hug with all of Paris and all of France . " Standing alongside Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo , Kerry added that he "  wanted to express to you personally the sheer horror and revulsion " over what he called a "  living nightmare . " American singer James Taylor also appeared , crooning a customized version of his 1971 hit song , "  You 've Got a Friend . " Kerry met earlier with President Francois Hollande , when he voiced the "  full and heartfelt condolences " of Americans . "  We watched the people of France come together with a great sense of purpose and unity . It was a great lesson to the world that once again , France 's commitment to freedom and passion of ideas has made an important statement to the world , " Kerry said . Kerry laid a wreath at a makeshift memorial at the site of the kosher supermarket attack Friday , accompanied by Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . Kerry and Fabius spoke there for several minutes with Joel Mergui , the president of Consistoire du Paris , a national Jewish organization . Kerry and Fabius also paid their respects at the offices of Charlie Hebdo . Francois Vauglin , the mayor of Paris ' 11th district , where the offices are located , told CNN that Kerry 's visit was very welcome . "  It 's so important for us to feel supported at this time , " he said . The street is still cordoned off as investigators continue to comb the area for clues , adding to the sense of disquiet for local residents , he said . "  We know that the threat is still very high , and we do n't know how long we will be able to withstand this threat , " he said . President Barack Obama 's administration has admitted it erred by not sending a senior figure to a huge unity march held Sunday in Paris . More than 40 world leaders , including the British , German and Israeli heads of state and Russia 's foreign minister , joined at least 1.5 million people on the French capital 's streets . The goodbyes continue after the attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices . Funerals are being held for magazine editor Stephane "  Charb " Charbonnier , illustrator Philippe Honore and Algerian-born copy editor Mustapha Ourrad . The question of where to bury their killers is more contentious . Cherif Kouachi 's widow , Izzana Kouachi , has requested that both he and his brother Said Kouachi be buried in Gennevilliers , on the outskirts of Paris . The Gennevilliers mayor 's office told CNN that the city was obliged by law to bury Cherif Kouachi there , as he was a resident of the city . But a spokesman for the mayor , Jean-Francois Boye , said that it would not do the same for Said because he lived in Reims . "  That 's for sure , he 's not from Gennevilliers , we wo n't let him get a funeral here , " Boye said . A "  survivors ' issue " of Charlie Hebdo was published Wednesday -- the first since the attack . Copies have flown off the racks of newsstands despite a print run of more than 4 million . However , the magazine 's decision to run a cartoon of the Prophet Mohammed on the front cover -- not for the first time -- has been criticized by a number of Muslim leaders , since this is deeply offensive to many Muslims . Anger over the cartoon boiled over into violence Friday in Pakistan , where police resorted to using tear gas and water cannons to disperse protesters outside the French Consulate in Karachi . A Pakistani photographer for AFP was shot and injured at the protest , the French news agency reported . He is "  doing better , " it said via Twitter . Ahmed Chinoy , chief of Karachi 's Citizen Police Liaison Committee , told CNN that investigations were underway to determine who shot the journalist . At least 200 protesters were involved in the violence , which broke out after religious parties called supporters out to condemn the cartoon following afternoon prayers , Chinoy said . The protests come a day after Pakistan 's Parliament unanimously passed a resolution condemning the caricatures printed in Charlie Hebdo . Several French media outlets ' websites went down Friday morning , including those of radio station France Inter , newspapers Le Parisien and 20 Minutes , weekly magazines L'Express and Marianne , and investigative publication Mediapart . This prompted speculation that the outage could be the result of a hack linked to publication of the Charlie Hebdo cover . But Internet service provider Oxalide said it was not the result of a cyberattack . With France on its highest level of alert , 10,000 troops have deployed across the country . Thousands of police officers are on patrol , including hundreds assigned to protect Jewish schools . As France still reels from the shock of the Paris attacks , authorities in neighboring Belgium swooped in on an alleged terror cell in an operation that left two suspects dead . Prosecutor Van Der Sypt said weapons and police uniforms were recovered as part of raids on a dozen properties in Belgium , in which 13 people were arrested . The plan was to kill police officers on public roads or in police offices , he said . Two people were also arrested in France , he said , and Belgium will be asking for them to be extradited . They are Belgian nationals who belong to the alleged cell but were found in France , he said . A Western intelligence source told CNN that the ongoing terror threat appears to involve up to 20 sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility Wednesday for the Charlie Hebdo shooting . The attack was years in the making , AQAP commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi said in a video , claiming U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki was the mastermind behind it . In the days since last week 's attacks , security services have been working to track those associated with the Kouachi brothers and Coulibaly . Neetin Karasular , a suspected Belgian trafficker in weapons who met Coulibaly 's widow , Hayat Boumeddiene , is in custody , Karasular 's attorney , Michel Bouchat , told CNN on Friday . Karasular has been charged with association with wrongdoers and offenses relating to firearms , in a case handled by the local public prosecutor 's office in Charleroi , Belgium . According to Bouchat , police did n't find any weapons at Karasular 's house . However , the police investigation revealed that Karasular used to spend time in a garage in Charleroi where documents were found that mentioned weapons . According to multiple Belgian media accounts , these included documents about the type of gun used by Coulibaly in the attack on the supermarket a week ago . Bouchat told CNN that his client was not at all connected to Thursday 's police raids in Belgium . According to the attorney , Karasular was n't involved in any jihadi group . Bouchat confirmed that Karasular had previous convictions . How the Kouachi brothers were radicalized CNN 's Sandrine Amiel and Margot Haddad reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Pamela Brown and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	At least a dozen people are detained in Paris in connection with last week 's shootings U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry pays respects to the victims of the attacks
CNN  -- Three people have been charged in last year 's theft of the famous "  Arbeit Macht Frei " sign at the Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland , a prosecutor said Friday . The prosecutor , Robert Parys , said he could not immediately confirm details about those charged , but Poland 's official PAP news agency reported the main suspect is a Swedish man , Anders Hoegstroem . Prosecutors say Hoegstroem incited two Poles to steal the sign , which sat atop the entrance to the camp , PAP reported . He pleaded not guilty , and would face a sentence of 10 years in prison if convicted , the news agency reported . Hoegstroem was arrested in February in Stockholm , Sweden , and the Swedish court allowed him to be transferred to Poland in April , PAP said . The sign reading "  Arbeit Macht Frei " -- German for "  Work Sets You Free " -- was emblematic of the Nazi camps of World War II . It was stolen in December of last year , prompting outrage around the world . The sign was found 70 hours later in a village near Torun , roughly 210 miles  340 kilometers  to the north , and had been chopped into three parts , PAP reported . The men managed to remove the heavy iron sign by unscrewing it from one side and pulling off on the other , police spokeswoman Agnieszka Szczygiel said at the time . More than 1 million people died in gas chambers or were starved to death in the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp complex ; about 90 percent of the victims were Jews .	The "  Arbeit Macht Frei " sign was emblematic of Nazi camps The men are accused of stealing the sign last December The sign was later recovered , chopped into three pieces
CNN  -- Melissa McCarthy did n't quite come out of nowhere . The actress did seven years of "  Gilmore Girls , " headlined "  Mike & Molly " for CBS and played three roles in screenwriter John August 's ingenious first feature as director , "  The Nines . " But her supporting turn in "  Bridesmaids " was a revelation , a powerhouse comic performance that pushed that movie to another level of hilarity . In recent years , perhaps only Zach Galifianakis in "  The Hangover " has had a comparable impact . McCarthy was lewd and fearless , a woman unashamed of her size and her sexual appetite . How to follow that ? There 's no question she represents a challenge for Hollywood , not only because the industry still struggles to believe women can carry movies , but also because screen glamour is synonymous with thin . Her first star vehicle , "  Identity Thief , " is not likely to be remembered as anyone 's triumph  it 's scoring in the 20-something percentile on the critics ' aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes  , but at least it does enough to show that McCarthy has what it takes . If she forges a movie career , she could really shake things up . She 's not quite flying solo , of course . Jason Bateman has top billing as Sandy Patterson , a financial officer in a big Denver firm . When reports start coming in that he 's maxed out his credit card in Florida , Sandy is naturally upset . Turns out McCarthy has stolen his identity and is running up big bills on all his accounts . Oh , and she 's missed her court date , which means there 's an arrest warrant out in his name . Mustering enough cash to fly down there , Sandy decides to apprehend the imposter himself and escort her back to Colorado so that they can straighten out the mess before he loses his job and his home . She may be a scam artist , but Sandy reckons she looks harmless enough . And that would be his fatal error : If there is one thing McCarthy means to prove , it 's surely that one look is not enough , because there is so much more to her than meets the eye . In one of the movie 's better running gags , she proves it again and again when she delivers a vicious sucker punch to the throat of anyone foolish enough to threaten her well-being . McCarthy , as Diana  which may or may not be her real name  , is not about to give up without a fight . But she 's also slippery in more subtle ways , an operator who knows how to manipulate people with the way she looks and how she talks . In some cases that involves playing on their pity -- and on ours , too , as the filmmakers imply that her weight is a symptom of her unhappy life . But McCarthy has the personality to subvert this , because her Diana may be lonely , but she is still more vital , more spontaneous and more fun than Sandy is ever likely to be . In the best , most daring sequence , she picks up a guy in a bar  Eric Stonestreet as Big Chuck  and persuades him back to their motel room to have sex with her in front of her husband , Sandy , who "  likes to watch . " It 's all a ploy to make an escape , but the scene pivots -- Big Chuck makes it about emotion , not sex , and she responds to his openness . Then things get physical . McCarthy pulls off these shifts with gusto but also delicacy and , yes , tact . In a sharper movie  and let 's shoot for the moon here -- Barbara Stanwyck as the con woman in "  The Lady Eve "  , Diana would play Bateman 's smug executive for a sucker and take him for everything he 's got . But in these recessionary times , even financial officers can be sympathetic underdogs , and instead the film contents itself with puerile cracks about his manhood and undeveloped hints that her bad influence might rub off in a good way . Written by Craig Mazin  "  The Hangover Part II "  and directed by Seth Gordon  "  Horrible Bosses "  , "  Identity Thief " borrows too much from the likes of "  Midnight Run " and "  Planes , Trains & Automobiles " without giving enough back -- especially since "  Due Date " already went that route quite recently . But even with all its shortcomings and sentimental fudges , there is something about McCarthy 's refusal to lie down and play the victim that gives it a comic edge . A blunt edge , to be sure , but an edge all the same .	Melissa McCarthy steals the identity of Jason Bateman 's character The actress scored a major hit in 2011 comedy "  Bridesmaids " McCarthy gives "  Identity Thief " a comic edge , reviewer says
CNN  -- The European Union won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday as it grapples with the worst crisis since its founding -- devastating debt and the threat of disintegration . The prestigious award was a salute to the struggling 27-nation union for its work in promoting democracy and reconciliation since World War II . It was a cheer for an entity tackling the continent 's economic misery -- particularly in debt-ridden Greece , Spain , and Portugal -- as some member countries might be faced with dropping the euro , the EU currency . The timing was n't a coincidence . "  This is , in a way , a message to Europe that we should do everything we can and move forward , " said Thorbjen Jagland , the chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee and a high European Council official . "  We want to remind all Europeans about what we have achieved on this continent and that we should not let it start disintegrating again and getting nationalism and extremism  to  grow on this continent , because we know what that leads to , " Jagland said . "  It 's also a clear message to other parts of the world where you have a number of conflicts ; this is a good way of solving conflicts , namely getting countries  to  make trade with each other . ... " The committee had "  no ambitions " to save the euro , Jagland said , and "  we do n't have a position on how to solve the economic crisis . " Nobel prize winner : Literature But he stressed the importance of finding a solution to the EU debt crisis . Others echoed support for the EU . The International Crisis Group , an organization committed to preventing conflict , said it is important to remember "  historical perspective " during a period "  when the EU is under tremendous day-to-day strain . " "  The EU has been , above all else , one of the greatest conflict resolution mechanisms ever devised . " European economic troubles have reverberated across the world . The problems have hit American pocketbooks because of the billions of dollars in U.S. trade and investment in Europe . Within the EU , disparities have persisted between economically strong members , such as Germany , which has fronted European bailout money , and economically weaker countries like Greece suffering from strict austerity measures and unemployment . The longstanding animosities erupted Tuesday in Greece during a visit by German Chancellor Angela Merkel . As many as 25,000 people angry about EU austerity measures championed by Germany took to the streets to protest . In its announcement , the Nobel Committee said that the EU "  for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation , democracy and human rights in Europe . " Jagland singled out the peaceful reconciliation between Germany and France -- an amity forged between neighbors who fought each other last century . "  Since 1945 , that reconciliation has become a reality , " the committee said in a statement . "  Today , war between Germany and France is unthinkable . " The committee also focused on the spread of democracy to newer member nations . "  In the 1980s , Greece , Spain and Portugal joined the EU . The introduction of democracy was a condition for their membership , " the committee said . All three countries saw dictatorships in the 20th century , even after World War II . It cited progress in peace made by EU candidate nations , such as the former Yugoslav republics . "  We have to keep in mind that there are not so many years ago since people on this part of Europe killed each other -- awful wars , " Jagland said , referring to the warfare in Bosnia , Kosovo and Croatia . Jagland is the current secretary general of the Council of Europe and a former prime minster of Norway , which is not an EU member and where sentiment against membership runs high . The announcement , made in Oslo , Norway , drew some moans . Nobel Prize winners : Chemistry Journalists asked in Norwegian and English how the Nobel honors would affect any future decision by Norway to join the EU . "  This no argument in any direction for what Norway should do , and I do n't think it will affect the public opinion in Norway right now , " Jagland answered . "  It is at an all-time low , " he said . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barosso received news of the award "  with great emotion " and called it "  a great honor for all 500 million citizens of Europe , for all the member states and all the European institutions . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the Nobel Committee "  acknowledges the idea of the European conciliation " and said the euro is more than a currency . "  We should not forget this -- in particular during these weeks and months , in which we are working to strengthen the euro . " "  Six decades of peace in Europe : For those of us who live in the European Union , that 's a long period of time , " Merkel added . "  It 's merely the blink of an eye in the course of history , which is why we must never forget that we must again and again work , strain and strive for this peace , for democracy , for freedom . " Nobel Prize winners : Physics Italians in Rome rallying Friday against government cuts to public education weighed in . One woman said the prize appears to be a "  hope for the future . " Another woman said she was pleased but a bit surprised because the EU could have made stronger commitments to peace . And a man said the European economy is no longer "  for the people . " "  We are the economy that works in favor of the banks , " he said . This year 's winner was picked from 231 different nominations -- 43 for organizations and the rest for individuals , the Nobel Committee said . Last year 's peace prize came as a surprise to many observers , split as it was among three women : Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and grassroots activist Leymah Gbowee , and Yemeni media freedom campaigner Tawakkul Karman , a symbol of the Arab Spring . Johnson Sirleaf is one of many heads of state to have received the prize , including four U.S. presidents : Theodore Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama . The Peace Prize is the fifth Nobel Prize to be awarded this week , preceded by honors in medicine , physics , chemistry and literature . Other large organizations have won the Nobel Peace Prize , including the United Nations , Doctors Without Borders , U.N. peacekeeping forces , the U.N. atomic energy agency and the International Campaign to Ban Landmines . Nobel Prize winners : Medicine CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report	Crisis Group calls EU "  one of greatest conflict resolution mechanisms ever devised " Italian protester has a complaint : Europe 's economy "  works in favor of the banks " The Nobel Committee has "  no ambitions " to save the euro , committee chairman says We must work hard for "  peace , for democracy , for freedom , " German chancellor says
Rugby Union formally began in Australia with the formation of the first clubs , the oldest of which is the Sydney University Club , formed in 1864 . By 1874 there were enough clubs to form a Sydney Metropolitan competition , and in that year the Southern Rugby Union was established . 1899 Australian Team In 1892 the Southern Rugby Union of New South Wales and the Northern Rugby Union of Queensland  formed in 1883  became New South Wales and Queensland Rugby Unions , respectively . Until 1947 , New South Wales , as the senior union , was responsible for the administration of all incoming and outgoing tours and for representing Australia on the International Rugby Board . However , in that year the various State Unions agreed that the future of Rugby Union in Australia would be better served by forming one administrative body . Added impetus came in 1948 when the International Board invited Australia specifically  rather than a New South Wales representative  , to take a seat on the Board . The inaugural meeting of the Australian Rugby Football Union was held on November 25 , 1949 , with 11 delegates from New South Wales , Queensland , South Australia , Western Australia , Tasmania and Victoria . Sir Leslie Herron , the President of New South Wales Rugby Union , was a guiding hand in the formation of the Australian Rugby Football Union and overseeing activity through his role as chairman . After a slump in the fortunes of Australian Rugby in the early 1970s , an in-depth survey of the past , present and future Rugby Union was carried out , resulting in a re-appraisal of coaching Rugby World Cup techniques and a restructuring of the administration . In 1985 the Australian Rugby Football Union was incorporated as a company and in 1997 , it became simply The Australian Rugby Union Ltd. . aru.rugby.com.au	Southern Rugby Union established in 1864 , renamed New South Wales in 1892 Inaugural meeting of Australian Rugby Football Union held on November 25 , 1949 In 1985 Australian Rugby Football Union incorporated as a company
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal appeals court has slammed the reliability of U.S. government intelligence documents , saying just because officials keep repeating their assertions does not make them true . A guard looks over the U.S. military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in this file photo . A three-judge panel from the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington likened the Bush administration 's case to a line in an 1876 nonsense poem by Lewis Carroll : "  I have said it thrice : What I tell you three times is true . " Portions of the court 's findings were released a week ago , including a ruling that a Chinese Muslim accused of being a foreign fighter was wrongly imprisoned . The full ruling was released Monday . Hazaifa Parhat is being held by the U.S. military at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba . In its ruling , the court ordered that Parhat be released or transferred , or that a hearing be held quickly to determine whether he is being held properly . The judges criticized the government for offering unsubstantiated evidence , and referred to Carroll 's poem , "  The Hunting of the Snark , " in which the line is uttered by a pompous character called the Bellman . "  The government suggests that several of the assertions in the intelligence documents are reliable because they are made in at least three different documents , " wrote Judge Merrick Garland . "  We are not persuaded . Lewis Carroll notwithstanding , the fact the government has ` said it thrice ' does not make the allegation true . In fact we have no basis for concluding that there are independent sources for the documents ' thrice-made assertions . " The court also ruled the military improperly labeled Parhat as an "  enemy combatant , " marking the first time a Guantanamo Bay detainee has been given an opportunity in a civilian court to seek his release . The decision throws into serious doubt the underlying reasons for keeping Parhat in custody for more than six years . The Carroll poem is similar to many of his other works , nonsensical in nature , described by the author as an account of "  the impossible voyage of an improbable crew to find an inconceivable creature . " Carroll , who lived from 1832 to 1898 , is best known for the children 's fantasy "  Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . " The ruling came 18 days after the Supreme Court concluded that the approximately 270 men held at Guantanamo have a basic constitutional right to challenge their detention in federal courts , another setback for the Bush administration 's anti-terror and war policies . A different panel from the federal appeals court in Washington concluded last July that the U.S. military could not limit what information the courts hear when foreign detainees are challenging their imprisonment . The government had argued national security concerns gave the military the discretion to decide what documents were pertinent for judicial review . Lawyers for the Justice Department also claimed the lower court decision would "  impose extraordinary compliance burdens . " About 180 detainees have appealed their continued imprisonment and complained the government is unfairly restricting access to evidence that could clear them of wrongdoing -- evidence the men may not even know exists . Hearings known as combatant status review tribunals determine whether a prisoner can be designated an "  enemy combatant , " and prosecuted by the military . Some legal and military analysts have likened them to civilian grand jury proceedings . Those who are designated as enemy combatants have restricted ability to challenge tribunal procedures and findings before the D.C. Circuit federal appeals court under a federal law passed in 2006 , the Detainee Treatment Act . The legal issues surrounding the foreign nationals held in U.S. custody have reached greater urgency in recent months . Many of the men are in their seventh year of detention , and several have already had pretrial hearings before the military tribunal . Parhat , a Muslim of ethnic Uighur descent , is accused of attending a terror training camp in Afghanistan at the time of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . He denies the charge . The Supreme Court on three occasions since 2004 has limited the government 's power to detain and prosecute foreign nationals held at Guantanamo . Federal judges in Washington have met with the prisoners ' lawyers in recent days , trying to coordinate an expected flood of appeals in the wake of the high court 's June 12 ruling . Those judges are expected to meet privately among themselves , probably this week . The government has promised to comply with the justices ' latest ruling , but President Bush said he would still consider proposing further legislation limiting the power of federal courts to oversee appeals from enemy combatants . The case is Parhat v. Gates  06-1397  .	Appeals court faults government argument in case of Chinese Muslim held at Gitmo Just because claim is repeated does n't make it true , court says , citing Lewis Carroll Suspect has been detained for six years , accused of attending terrorist training Court says he must be released , transferred , or get new hearing quickly
CNN  -- Luis Suarez may have been the villain of Liverpool 's 2011-12 season , but the Uruguay striker is doing his best to make amends in another difficult start to this English Premier League campaign . The fallout from Suarez 's eight-match suspension for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra ultimately led to Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish losing his job as manager in May . His successor Brendan Rogers is under increasing pressure after the club 's worst start to a season in more than a century , but Suarez 's inspirational performance in Sunday 's 1-1 draw with 10-man Newcastle helped prevent a fourth defeat in 10 EPL games . His second-half equalizer -- a superb display of control for his 10th goal this season after chesting down a long pass and rounding the keeper -- lifted the 18-time English champions up to 12th in the table . The confrontational Suarez is never far from the headlines , having been accused by several opposition managers of diving and going to ground too easily . Such was his combative presence on Sunday that he lured visiting defender Fabricio Coloccini -- a fellow South American from neighboring Argentina -- into a rash challenge that earned a red card . While Liverpool could n't capitalize on that advantage , Rodgers was grateful for another virtuoso show from Suarez -- who also scored in last weekend 's Merseyside derby draw with Everton , when he had a late winner wrongly ruled out for offside . "  I thought he was unplayable . Coloccini getting sent off was frustration , " said Rodgers , whose team trailed to Yohan Cabaye 's strike just before halftime . "  I do n't think he could get near him today , and he 's a good defender , Coloccini . "  Suarez is so bright , so clever , he 's a world-class striker . On that form today he really frustrates and provokes defenders . He has a hunger for the game , he has a hunger for goals . " It was , however , Liverpool 's fifth draw this season and followed a humiliating 3-1 midweek League Cup defeat at home to Rodgers ' former club Swansea -- when Suarez also scored . "  Once we can turn those draws into wins by converting the chances ... but that 's about players , the type of players you need . If we can get that over the next couple of  transfer  windows it bodes really well for us , " said Rodgers , who was criticized for his lack of top signings in August while allowing England striker Andy Carroll to leave for West Ham . The result left Newcastle in 10th place , and came at a cost of injuries to midfielder Cabaye , defender James Perch and top scorer Demba Ba . Meanwhile , Queens Park Rangers moved off the bottom after a 1-1 draw at home to Reading in Sunday 's other EPL game . French striker Djibril Cisse scored a second-half equalizer that will lift some of the pressure on his manager Mark Hughes , though both teams remained in the bottom three . In Italy 's Serie A , Napoli failed to capitalize on Juventus ' first defeat in 50 matches , being held 1-1 at home by Torino on Sunday despite a sixth-minute goal from Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani . Substitute Gianluca Sansone leveled in time added on to leave Napoli -- beaten by Atalanta in midweek -- in third place , five points behind leaders Juve . Fiorentina moved up to fourth after a 4-1 win at home to Cagliari , while Lazio went in the other direction after a 4-0 defeat by seventh-placed Catania . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen moved up to fourth place after beating Fortuna Dusseldorf 3-2 despite having midfielder Simon Rolfes sent off just over a minute after he came on . Leverkusen went 3-1 ahead straight after the substitute 's 65th-minute dismissal and held on against a team that is battling to avoid an immediate return to the second division . Werder Bremen beat Mainz 2-1 in Sunday 's other Bundesliga fixture , with two goals from Aaron Hunt lifting his team to seventh place and above the visitors on goal difference . In Spain 's La Liga , Levante moved up to fifth after a 0-0 draw with seventh-placed Sevilla on Sunday . Real Betis can reclaim that position with a draw at Getafe on Monday . Valladolid claimed eighth spot with a 1-0 win at bottom club Osasuna while Espanyol won 1-0 in a clash with fellow strugglers Real Sociedad . Deportivo la Coruna joined Sociedad and Celta Vigo on 10 points from 10 games after beating Mallorca 1-0 , while Athletic Bilbao moved above that group to 14th with a 2-1 win at Grenada thanks to two goals from Aritz Aduriz .	Luis Suarez 's 10th goal this season earns Liverpool a 1-1 draw with Newcastle Striker cancels out Yohan Cabaye 's opener ; also involved as Fabricio Coloccini sees red Napoli 's Italian title hopes suffer setback after conceding late equalizer against Torino Bayer Leverkusen move up to fourth place in Germany despite having a player sent off
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- It 's a documentary with an alarming message : Two American boys are held captive in a madrassa , a Pakistani religious school , once visited by Osama bin Laden and with ties to the Taliban . Noor and Mehboob Khan were 13 and 12 when they first talked with the filmmaker . The film , "  Karachi Kids , " describes threats to artistic freedom of expression from the teaching of conservative Islam . Early copies of the film prompted outrage after the story of the American boys appeared on Fox News , CBS and other news outlets . It also led to demands from Rep. Mike McCaul , R-Texas , for the boys to be returned home . But the independent filmmaker may have confused the madrassa with one with a similar name tied to Islamic extremists . The madrassa the boys attended is n't linked to bin Laden or Muslim radicals ; instead , it 's one the U.S. State Department says is preferred by Pakistani-Americans for its moderate Islamic teachings and one recently visited by a top U.S. diplomat in Pakistan . How could the filmmaker have got it so wrong ? He blames the error on researchers he says he has since dismissed . Watch madrassa official explain : "  We tell them do n't kill anyone " " "  I do need to take responsibility for these things in terms of these were errors that sort of spun out of control , " filmmaker Imran Raza said . "  I have to take responsibility for the mistakes . I take responsibility for the error in the allegation that Osama bin Laden was there . I take responsibility for the error that some of the Taliban leaders were there . " CNN learned about brothers , Noor and Mehboob Khan , ages 17 and 16 , when Raza offered CNN the documentary this summer . The film focuses on the brothers , whose father , a Pakistani-born taxi driver in Atlanta , Georgia , sent them to Pakistan to get them in touch with their religious heritage . In the film , Raza describes the teens as captives being force-fed radical jihad . In interviews over three years , the boys describe their longing for America and say the terrorist attacks of September 11 were n't carried out by Muslims . One of the brothers described punishment by beatings at the madrassa . Raza started a campaign to return the boys to the United States . McCaul offered to help , even asking Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf to intervene . Both teens returned to their suburban Atlanta home in July after completing their studies . But before the boys returned home , CNN visited them at the Jamia Binoria madrassa in Karachi . The boys appeared proud that they had completed their studies , including the memorization of the Quran . But they also were very glad to be heading home to American food . "  Hot wings , " exclaimed Mehboob , giving the CNN reporter a high five . "  I feel very happy that after four years , I 'm going back . " Tucked away on 12 acres in Karachi 's industrial district , the madrassa is one of the largest religious schools in Pakistan and hosts the largest number of foreign students in the country . The school is home to as many as 500 boys and girls from 29 countries and teaches Sunni Deobandi Islam , a theology that analysts say is associated with some militant groups in Pakistan . CNN was welcomed in the school and spoke to its head , who denied the allegations made in the documentary . "  This is a madrassa , not some jail , " said Mohammad Naeem , the head of the school known as a mufti . Naeem said his school -- one of 13,000 madrassas registered in Pakistan -- never keeps students against their will , adding that the Khan brothers stayed of their own free will . He , too , denied any ties to militant groups , saying that if students or teachers were ever tied to extremists groups , they would be removed from the school immediately . Back in Atlanta , Noor Khan said the whole experience gave him a better appreciation of America , his family and his faith . "  I am glad I was sent to Pakistan because it taught me to be a better person . It taught me to appreciate what I had before , and I knew when I came back I was n't going to make the same mistake of not appreciating what I have , " he said . He added , "  I was never held against my will . " Noor said the "  beatings " he referred to in the film were the equivalent of when American teachers years ago used to smack students on their wrists to reinforce a lesson . "  Pakistan is , what , 50 years behind America , so they do the same thing . They take a stick and hit you softly on the hand so you learn a lesson , but that did n't bother me , " he said . Did he see radicalism there ? "  Look , I am Muslim , and one of the main things they teach us to do is not to lie , " he said . "  I witnessed with my own eyes : no Taliban , no Taliban training , no terrorist , no extremism -- nothing at all at the madrassa . The only thing they wanted to do was teach the history of Islam . That 's all . " He says the comments of his talking about September 11 in the documentary were twisted and taken out of context . He said what he meant was that the hijackers were n't "  true Muslims . " "  If those were Muslims , they were n't true Muslims , " he said . "  We Muslims , we do n't kill people . We 're not terrorists . ... We 're not violent people . We just want to live a happy life . " He then sought to make clear : "  I 've never met the Taliban ; no one showed me how do any terrorist training or activities . I 've never witnessed that with my own eyes , and when the media comes to our madrassa , our principal tells to their face , ` All the classes , all the rooms are open to you . You are free to go wherever you want . ' " Pakistan 's religious affairs ministry said the Jamia Binoria school is a moderate Islamic institution . A U.S. State Department source confirmed that , saying the school "  is known to U.S. officials as a moderate institution , favored by Pakistani-Americans for its moderate and tolerant Islamic instruction . " In fact , a report by the International Crisis Group -- provided by McCaul 's office and the documentary filmmaker -- says the Jamia Binoria Madrassa is often mistaken for another . "  Because of its name , this madrassa is often confused with the more prominent and powerful Binori Town Madrassa , " the report says . The other madrassa is the one that intelligence sources say is the school bin Laden visited and , according to the report , is the "  fountainhead of Deobandi militancy countrywide . ... It also boasts close ties to the Taliban . " CNN also found a photograph in a local newspaper of the U.S. vice consul general visiting with one of the principals of the school the boys attended . The boy 's father , Fazal Rahim Khan , said his sons never needed rescuing , just an exit visa . He said he was surprised when he saw reports of McCaul coming to his sons ' aid , because he never asked for the congressman 's help . He said he had searched the world to find the appropriate madrassa to send his American sons to learn about Islam . "  For this purpose , I send my children to learn good morals , good behavior , good citizen and good people , " he said . He gets angered at the way he says his sons ' words were manipulated . "  If I knew something was going on or something -LSB- was -RSB- wrong and they are against the United States or against the British ... what do you think , I would be happy to send my children ? No . "  I sent my children to learn the Quran , the way of Allah , the way of life . " McCaul still stands by his belief that the school is involved in militancy , saying in a written statement that the "  Taliban is known to recruit from Deobandi madrassas , including Jamia Binoria , and train their recruits as terrorists . ... Any Americans among the recruits represent a potential threat to the United States because of their unfettered access to this country . " What about Raza , the filmmaker ? He stands by his depiction of how the madrassa transformed the teens but is re-editing his film to take out the references about bin Laden visiting and the Taliban leaders attending . CNN 's Zain Verjee , Richard Griffiths and Sophia Ahmad contributed to this report .	Film portrays Pakistan madrassa as linked to terror , holding U.S. boys captive It turns out the Islamic school is moderate ; preferred by Pakistani-Americans "  This is a madrassa , not some jail , " the school 's head says Teen : "  I witnessed with my own eyes : No Taliban , no Taliban training , no terrorist "
Washington  CNN  -- Many Americans are planning to get a glimpse of Prince William and his wife , Kate Middleton when they arrive in New York City next week -- and it seems that President Barack Obama wants in as well . The President has invited Prince William to meet with him in the Oval Office on Monday . Before The Duke of Cambridge leaves the White House grounds , Vice President Joe Biden and Dr. Biden are expected to host him in a separate event . Kate will not join her husband on the D.C. leg of their three-day trip , opting to tour a child development center with New York City 's first lady Chirlane McCray instead . While it is unknown exactly what the two global leaders will discuss , Obama acknowledged William 's commitment to raising awareness against illegal wildlife trafficking , an issue he is scheduled to talk about at the World Bank . "  The President welcomes the Prince 's work in this global fight against what is both a national security threat and a devastating environmental problem " the administration wrote in a press release . The trip will mark Prince William 's first visit to the nation 's capitol .	The President will meet with Prince William on Monday The Duke of Cambridge will also meet with Joe and Jill Biden William and his wife , Kate Middleton , will be in the U.S. for three days
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova took aim at arch-rival Serena Williams Saturday as she told the World No. 1 to stick to tennis rather than courting controversy . Earlier this week , Williams had to apologize for comments she made to Rolling Stone magazine over the rape of a 16-year-old girl by two high school American football players in Ohio . Eyebrows were also raised in the same article over a passage which appeared to reference Sharapova . It accused an unnamed player of being "  boring " and made unflattering remarks about her choice of boyfriend . Sharapova is dating Bulgarian tennis player Grigo Dimitrov . Sharapova , the third seed at Wimbledon and bidding for her first title at SW19 since 2004 , used the pre-tournament media conference to hit back . "  We have a tremendous amount of respect for what we do on the court . I just think she should be talking about her accomplishments , her achievements , rather than everything else that 's just getting attention and controversy , ' the Russian was quoted by the UK 's Press Association . "  If she wants to talk about something personal , maybe she should talk about her relationship and her boyfriend that was married and is getting a divorce and has kids . "  She should  talk about other things , but not draw attention to other things . She has so much in her life , many positives , and I think that 's what it should be about . " 16-time grand slam winner Williams is reportedly in a relationship with her French coach Patrick Mouratoglou , but neither has spoken publicly about it . She has won three of last four grand slams under his guidance , the latest at the French Open where she beat defending champion Sharapova in a hard-fought final in Paris . On Tuesday , Williams came under fire , particularly on Twitter and other social media , when her reported remarks to Rolling Stone about the rape were made public on its website . "  She 's 16 , why was she that drunk where she does n't remember ? It could have been much worse . She 's lucky . Obviously , I do n't know , maybe she was n't a virgin , but she should n't have put herself in that position , unless they slipped her something , then that 's different , " she was quoted . The following day , Williams released a statement on her personal website , saying she was "  deeply sorry for what was written in the Rolling Stone article . What was written -- what I supposedly said -- is insensitive and hurtful , and I by no means would say or insinuate that she was at all to blame , " it said . Sharapova said Williams would do well to steer clear of such issues . "  I obviously have many opinions about different things in life , " she said . "  But what I do on the court and what I talk about in my press conference is strictly about my career . I 'm sure people want to know more , but yet I try to keep my personal life private . "  If I speak to my friends , that 's one thing . But I do n't go out and try to create things that should n't be really talked about . " Meanwhile , in the pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament at Eastbourne , Sharapova 's compatriot Elena Vesnina took the title , beating Jamie Hampton of the United States in the final . Simona Halep of Romania also warmed up by taking the title in s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands with a straight sets win over Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium . Frenchman Nicolas Mahut , renowned for his world record marathon match with John Isner at Wimbledon in 2010 , took his maiden ATP title at the same event . He beat favorite Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland , also in straight sets . .	Maria Sharapova hits out at World No. 1 Serena Williams Russian says American should stop courting controversy Irked by apparent reference to her in article in Rolling Stone magazine Elena Vesnina takes Eastbourne title beating Jamie Hampton of United States
ARLINGTON , Texas  CNN  -- To begin with , Gregory Rose did n't have health insurance . Plus , it was finals week . So his first instinct was to ignore the pain . A nurse takes blood from Gregory Rose , who has leukemia . A walk across his apartment convinced him otherwise . "  My hip was like on fire , grinding " is how he recalled the morning seven months ago that changed everything . "  I know pain , and I 've never felt that kind of pain before , " Rose said . At the hospital , a blood test with startling results : a dramatically elevated white blood cell count . He had leukemia , at 23 . Rose had no health insurance because he was too old to be covered on his parents ' policy and too young and seemingly healthy to think he needed it . So count Rose among the estimated 47 million Americans who lack health insurance , and as a resident of a state with the highest percentage of uninsured : Nearly one in four Texans do not have health coverage . Despite no coverage , he received expert care through the JPS Health Network , a county hospital that sees 800,000 patients a year , and where fewer than 7 percent of the patients have private health insurance . "  I have had excellent doctors -- excellent doctors , " Rose said . "  The chemo just wears you down . I had to be admitted for five days every time , every three weeks . " He is cared for through a hospital program called JPS Connection , which is geared to help those without insurance get care -- and to look to see if they are eligible for any government assistance . Rose initially was put on Medicaid , then at a social worker 's suggestion applied for Social Security disability payments . But after he started receiving them , his Medicaid was cut off because Texas is one of a dozen states that counts such payments against its income standards for Medicaid . "  Now I have no insurance again , " he said with a sigh . "  Godspeed " is how Robert Earley , the JPS CEO , responds when the health care debate in Washington is brought up . Nearly 15 percent of the hospital 's patients are on Medicare , another 14 percent Medicaid . Most do n't have any coverage . So while he backs effort to find a way to cover the millions of uninsured Americans , Earley and his chief of medicine , Dr. Gary Floyd , said they worry President Obama 's plan to pay for his effort to overhaul health care , in part , by squeezing billions from Medicare and Medicaid could do as much or more harm than good . "  Then you either cut services or you cut payments to providers , " Floyd said . "  And in Texas we have a significant problem with Medicaid . Only 38 percent of our physicians participate in Medicaid programs . ... So if we start squeezing the payment rates down or freezing them , there are fewer and fewer physicians who will want to participate in those programs . " In Texas , another major concern is how overhauling health care will deal with the question of providing treatment to illegal immigrants -- a significant slice of the patient population at JPS and other public hospitals . "  I 've never met anyone in this area that is lukewarm on this issue , " Earley said . "  We have over 6,000 births last year , and over 70 percent of them were to an undocumented population . That is a population we have to take care of . " As for Rose , he said he 's optimistic but also waiting to learn from doctors whether he needs to consider a bone marrow transplant . "  The bone marrow testing alone costs $ 300,000 , " Rose told us . "  And we 're not even talking about the hospital stays . That 's just the testing part of it . At least that is what I am told . " In his apartment , he shows the eight prescription drug vials with his daily medications . In the window still hangs an Obama-Biden campaign sign . Ask about the politics of health care in Washington , and Rose 's first reflex is to blame Republicans . But as the conversation continues , he voices frustration at all the recent Democratic infighting over how to pay for the overhaul . "  I think they need to get their heads together , " Rose said . "  Because it 's really not just about Republican vs. Democrat anymore , it 's about getting the job done . And with those majorities in place , things should be happening , especially if you 're coming from the same types of ideas and backgrounds , there should n't be too much opposition . ... And if they do n't get it done , there 's going to be a lot of people that are going to be hurting because of it . "	Texan Gregory Rose , who 's uninsured , was diagnosed with leukemia at 23 He 's among nearly one in four Texans who do not have health coverage Rose may face treatment costing hundreds of thousands of dollars He voices frustration on health care debate , says lawmakers need to get job done
CNN  -- Paul Ivy will never forget his first time seeing "  Night of the Living Dead . " "  I was 12 years old and it was beyond cool to see zombies attacking those hapless people , smashing in windows and feasting on human flesh , " iReporter Ivy remembered . "  No way would my real parents let me watch that sort of thing , but it was fine with my cool comic-shop-owning hippie other parents -LSB- those parents being Jay and Helen Knowles , parents of Ai n't It Cool News founder Harry Knowles -RSB- . " Ever since that day in 1976 , zombie movies were one of the Olympia , Washington resident 's favorite genres . Like many fans , he holds the original "  Dawn of the Dead " in high regard : "  Except for one silly scene involving bikers throwing pies at zombies , the whole movie has great dramatic tension and a genuine feeling of horror , " he said . Ivy is n't alone . Zombies have undergone a renaissance in recent years , starting with the remake of "  Dawn " in 2004 , and last year 's surprise hit horror-comedy "  Zombieland . " Not only that , but "  zombie walks " have cropped up all over the world lately , and they 're not just confined to events like San Diego Comic-Con in California . With vampires being all the rage -- with the "  Twilight " movie series and also TV 's "  True Blood " and "  Vampire Diaries " -- it seemed only natural that zombies would be next to get their own TV series . AMC , the home of Emmy darlings "  Mad Men " and "  Breaking Bad , " has decided to adapt the comic book series "  The Walking Dead , " set to premiere Sunday , October 31 , at 10 p.m. ET . Ask anyone who has read the series , about a comatose Southern police officer who wakes up in the midst of a zombie apocalypse , and almost all of them will rave about it . Thus , the expectations for the series are very high . AMC had an eye-catching display  a gruesome re-creation of a scene from the first episode  as part of their massive presence at Comic-Con . They also put on a zombie walk , which was expanded worldwide on Tuesday . And , of course , the show has reached out to fans on social media , giving them oodles of information on the show before its debut . So what is it that makes fans so excited about this particular take on zombies ? "  I enjoy the mix of characters , with many different ages and races represented , " Ivy said . "  They are a cross-section of people with varying skills , not a bunch of soldiers . They must come to grips with their new world and fight to survive in it . " "  I think people love the source material because no character is sacred , no character is safe , and anyone -- even the most beloved and innocent people in the comic -- could be killed at any moment , " said Blair Butler , comic book expert for G4 's "  Attack of the Show " -- and one of many fans of the book 's creator , Robert Kirkman . "  I hope the show manages to capture that sense of ever-present danger . " "  We 're all big fans of the comics and have been reading them from the beginning , " said Kyle Puttkammer of the Atlanta , Georgia , area "  Galactic Quest " comic book stores . " ` Walking Dead ' and Kirkman 's other series , ` Invincible , ' sells very well in both our stores because we recommend it often . " One of his employees even tried out to play a zombie on the show , which shoots on location in Atlanta . Robert Soto of Dallas , Texas , said the series got him back into reading comics after hearing so much about it : "  It did not disappoint . It was more than just zombies . The stories were about people . They have complex relationships and as a reader you really identify with them , which makes it difficult when those characters die . " Butler agrees that the humanity of the characters are what sets it apart . According to the books , "  human beings pushed to the limit -- people who have been reduced to their basest instincts to survive -- are far more terrifying than any zombie , " she said . Those who have had a chance to see the show early are cautiously optimistic . "  The first episode should make any fan giddy , " said iReporter Keith McDuffee of Cliqueclack.com . "  That 's not to say that it 's a shot-for-page remake of the first part of the series , but there 's no doubt it 's respectably faithful . In fact , I 'd say the changes made in the first episode are for the better . " Praising the show 's emphasis on humanity , not to mention its realistic makeup effects , Screenrant.com 's Kofi Outlaw said it was "  that rare adaptation which enhances everything that is great about its literary source material . " So , the question remains : Will those who are n't as familiar with the comic book or who are n't already fans of the zombie genre tune in ? One thing "  The Walking Dead " most certainly is  as one might imagine  , is extremely gory and violent . That would probably be tough for mass audiences , although it was n't much of a problem for "  The Sopranos . " Whether the show will garner the same popularity or critical praise as "  Mad Men " or "  True Blood " remains to be seen . Either way , members of its devoted fan base already have their plans made for Halloween night .	New AMC series "  The Walking Dead " has a passionate fan base Epic zombie story is based on a series of popular comic books Fans who have had sneak peeks are cautiously optimistic Violence , gore could make it a tough sell to mass audiences
CNN  -- Sunday 's showpiece European Championship final in the Ukrainian capital Kiev pits Spain against Italy , between them the winners of the last two World Cups . Spain is on the brink of creating soccer history ; never before has a country won three major international football tournaments in a row . And Spain , which won Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup , now has the chance to earn a place in the record books . Before the Euros , former Barcelona and England striker Gary Lineker said "  La Furia Roja , " or the Red Fury as the Spanish national team is called , was just one trophy away from greatness . "  If they won three tournaments in a row , something no other team has done , you would have to put them up there among the all-time greatest teams , " said Lineker , who helped England reach the World Cup semifinals in 1990 . Spain reach Euro 2012 final after shootout victory Vicente del Bosque 's side enjoyed huge good fortune in Wednesday 's semifinal against Iberian neighbors Portugal , winning 4-2 in a penalty shootout after a 0-0 draw . Cesc Fabregas scuffed the decisive spot-kick as it hit the inside the post and rolled along the goal line before creeping into Rui Patricio 's net . Fabregas ' penalty can perhaps be seen as a symbol of Spain 's unconvincing performances at Euro 2012 so far , which have left a large proportion of the watching public unsatisfied as the team struggled to break down packed opposition defenses . The end of a love affair ? For all their possession  Spain have enjoyed around 67 % of the ball in their five matches  , there has been frustration that the team has neither moved the ball around quickly enough nor created enough goalscoring chances . Instead , it has worn down the other team by making their players chase shadows before waiting for a mistake . Whisper it quietly , but some have even labeled Spain 's previously much-feted tiki-taka style of play "  boring " and claimed it is currently a more defensive tactic than offensive . That argument is perhaps backed up by the fact that Spain has now not conceded a knockout-stage goal in any tournament since the 2006 World Cup , a run of nine matches and a remarkable 900 minutes of action . Against Italy in the group stage and France in the last eight , Del Bosque even picked a starting 11 without a single striker -- a tactic designed to help Spain keep the ball better and lure the opposing defense out so they could get in behind . It has n't worked flawlessly , but the team has churned out results regardless . Beautiful football might be what people demand , but results are what Del Bosque deals in first . Since taking over from previous coach Luis Aragones following Euro 2008 , the 61-year-old has led the national team to an incredible 50 wins from 59 matches . Midfielder Andres Iniesta , who scored the winner in the 2010 World Cup final , says Spain is n't bothered by the "  boring " tag . The 27-year-old instead focuses on the positives of the team 's possession-based game . "  When a team wants to attack and comes up against an opponent that sits back and tries to close the space and not try to create its own chances , that 's not always the football you want to watch , " said Iniesta . "  It 's easy to forget that only a few years ago this style is what changed the story of Spain . " A change in mentality It is a story that began at Euro 2008 -- and really , truly began with Spain 's quarterfinal penalty shootout victory over Italy in Vienna , a match that defender Gerard Pique looks back on as the turning point . "  I think it changed the mentality of the national team , " said the Barcelona star . "  Before , Spain played to avoid losing -- but afterwards they played to win . " Italy was the World Cup champion at the time and the favorite to go through . The team , however , was missing the suspended Andrea Pirlo , who has been in such glorious form at this tournament . Pirlo was also injured at the 2010 World Cup and played only 34 minutes in the team 's final group game as Italy crashed out at the first hurdle following draws with Paraguay and New Zealand and a 3-2 defeat at the hands of Slovakia . But the 33-year-old midfielder is enjoying a stunning renaissance in his career . A year ago , he was discarded by AC Milan after 10 years of service . He signed for Juventus and led "  The Old Lady " to the Italian league title before showcasing the full range of his majestic talents for the world to see in Poland and Ukraine . With hardly a hair out of place and rarely breaking into a sweat , the masterful Pirlo has dictated the knockout matches against England and Germany with breathtaking class , providing an exhibition in how to create space and pass the ball . The master and the maverick When looking long , Pirlo has often sought out Mario Balotelli , the maverick Manchester City striker who is as well known for his controversial lifestyle as his performances on the pitch -- something which may change after his monumental two-goal showing against the much-fancied Germans in the semifinal . Balotelli double sends Italy through to Euro 2012 final Balotelli went into Euro 2012 considered a talented liability , as capable of moments of madness as those of brilliance . But he powered home a header to give Italy the lead and then crashed a stunning second into the top corner from 18 yards . Even German keeper Manuel Neuer had to applaud the 21-year-old 's chutzpah . "  Tonight was the most beautiful of my life -- but I hope that this Sunday is even better , " said Balotelli after the game . "  Along with Spain , we are the two best teams in the tournament . We are the only side to have scored against Spain so far . We proved that we are equal to them , if not more , and we want to win . " Whoever wins on Sunday , it will provide a fairytale finish to a competition that has surpassed all expectations . Scare stories The buildup to the first major football tournament behind the old Iron Curtain in eastern Europe was dominated by scare stories : the transportation infrastructure was n't ready ; there were n't enough affordable hotels for supporters to stay in ; racism was a widespread problem in both host countries ; foreign fans would not be welcomed in many of the host cities , and so on . Yet most of the fears have been unfounded . Yes , there have been issues with supporters that European football 's governing body UEFA has had to deal with , and member associations have been fined for specific incidents of failing to keep their fans under control . Some of the magnificent stadia have not been full for every game , but that is probably due to the fact that Europe is going through difficult economic times right now and Poland and Ukraine are further away than most host nations have been -- resulting in increased traveling costs . But by and large , Euro 2012 has been an unqualified success . The group stage matches were full of attacking intent and fine goals . And the knockout stages have produced two penalty shootouts of unbearable tension , not to mention Italy 's awesome destruction of Germany . Referees have let games flow and kept the card count down , and players have responded by concentrating more on their football and less on feigning injury and trying to artificially gain their team an advantage . Everywhere you looked , there was a story : Andriy Shevchenko gave Ukraine a memory it will never forget with two goals to see off Sweden ; Greece put the country 's vast financial problems aside to qualify from Group A ; the much-fancied Netherlands went back home with its tail between its legs ; and Spain and Italy quietly worked their way through the tournament . Sensational scoring With 30 of the 31 matches played , we have seen only three red cards -- two of which came in the opening game as Poland drew with Greece . And there have been 21 goals scored from headers , which at 29 % of the total 72 , stands higher than at any previous Euros . Wonderful goals have crashed in with regularity , from the acrobatics of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Balotelli to the gorgeous flick of Danny Welbeck , the emphatic volleys of Sami Khedira and Marco Reus , to the unstoppable rocket shots of Jakub Blaszczykowski and , again , Balotelli . And then there was Pirlo 's "  Panenka . " With England leading Italy 2-1 after the first two penalties in Sunday 's quarterfinal shootout , Pirlo produced a moment of genius to change the momentum entirely in Italy 's favor . He watched the England keeper buzz around on the line trying to put him off , before coolly chipping the ball -- a la Antonin Panenka in the 1976 European Championship final shootout -- delicately into the net after Joe Hart had dived early and erroneously to his right . England missed its next two penalties and Italy triumphed . "  Hart seemed to be very confident in himself . I needed to do something to beat him and it seemed to be a psychological blow , " said the unflappable Pirlo . England boss Roy Hodgson added : "  The cool , calculated way Pirlo chipped it , that is something you either have or you do n't have as a player . " The football world swooned , and Pirlo produced his second successive man-of-the-match display to help Italy slay Germany in the semis and continue the Azzurri 's amazing record of never having lost a competitive game to "  Die Mannschaft . " On Sunday , Cesare Prandelli 's team can keep another record intact : that of a country never winning three major international tournaments in a row . Spain are potentially 90 minutes away from sporting immortality . A captivating conclusion to Euro 2012 lies in wait .	Euro 2012 final takes place in Ukrainian capital of Kiev Spain aiming to become the first nation to win 3 successive major tournaments Italy looking for first Euro triumph since 1968 Spain 's dominance and style has been labeled "  boring " by some critics
CNN  -- Today millions of people will go to the polls to vote in state and local elections . As they cast their ballot , they cast a vote for the most treasured aspect of our democracy . The voting booth is the one place where we are all equal -- all Americans are able to have an equal voice in determining the shape of our government . That sacred right is now under the largest assault we have witnessed in more than a century . Through a spate of restrictive laws passed in Republican-led state legislatures , a disproportionate number of African-Americans , Latinos , people with disabilities , the elderly and the young will find voting difficult and in many cases impossible . These laws require a state photo ID to vote , limit early voting , place strict requirements on voter registration and deny voting rights to Americans with criminal records who have paid their debt to society . Larry Butler of South Carolina was born at home in 1926 , during a time of strict segregation when most hospitals did not take in African-Americans . Because Butler does not have an official birth certificate , he was denied the free state photo ID and told it would cost $ 150 to get the underlying document to obtain one . It is , in essence , a modern day poll tax used decades ago to deny blacks in the South their right to vote . Unlike Butler , who is not a wealthy man , most Americans will not have to pay more than $ 100 to exercise their constitutionally guaranteed right . His voice could be silenced . The states where restrictive laws have already passed represent 63 % of the electoral votes needed to win the presidency . A new documentary from Brave New Foundation reveals strong partisan backing of these laws . Under the pretense of safeguarding elections against voter fraud , the American Legislative Exchange Council , a conservative advocacy group that receives funding from the billionaire Koch brothers  who also back the tea party  , crafted and distributed model voter ID legislation introduced in more than 30 states this year . But widespread voter fraud is a myth . A report from the Brennan Center for Justice says strict ID verification requirements "  address a sort of voter fraud more rare than death by lightning . " An extensive analysis of data from all 50 states by the U.S. Justice Department found that incidents of voter fraud are exceedingly rare . These laws harm our democracy . More than 21 million Americans do not have access to the requisite ID . The Advancement Project found that 25 % of voting age African-Americans ; 15 % of those earning less than $ 35,000 ; 18 % of citizens age 65 or older , and 20 % of voters age 18 to 29 do not have the requisite ID . In Texas , according to the Democratic Party , 600,000 registered voters have no driver 's license or state-issued identification . In Wisconsin , more than half of African-Americans and Latinos lack the required ID . Students in Texas , Wisconsin and South Carolina can no longer use their college identification to vote . In Tennessee , which has never required anyone over age 60 to have a photo on their driver 's license , more than 126,000 seniors now face an almost insurmountable hurdle to the polls . It will be significantly harder for more than 5 million eligible U.S. voters in the states with restrictive laws to cast ballots in 2012 -- a number larger than the margin of victory in two of the last three presidential elections . It will also cost states money . Advancement Project 's report "  What 's Wrong with This Picture " reveals that it is expensive . Taxpayers will bear the cost of providing free IDs , estimated at more than $ 20 million in North Carolina , for example , during a time of tough budget constraints . While a diligent effort by citizens groups compelled governors to veto photo ID laws in Montana , Minnesota , Missouri , North Carolina and New Hampshire and civil rights groups are urging the Justice Department to deny approval of laws passed in South Carolina , Florida and Texas under the Voting Rights Act , many states will reintroduce the legislation next year , just in time for the 2012 elections . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. led a march in 1963 for jobs and freedom linking the two pillars of America 's promise : economic and political democracy . Now , the Occupy Wall Street movement has shone a spotlight on economic injustice . We must also Occupy the Vote and not allow the same corporate interests that are contributing to economic dislocation for millions of Americans to silence citizen 's voices in the voting booth . The sacred covenant of our democracy is that on Election Day , all Americans have an equal say in shaping their government . We can not let that right be taken away . The very soul of our nation 's character depends on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Browne Dianis .	Judith Dianis : The right to vote is under assault with new restrictions Dianis : States require photo IDs , limit early voting , ban people with criminal records These laws mostly affect blacks , Latinos , the disabled , the old and the young , she says These laws are meant to prevent voter fraud , she writes , but fraud is exceedingly rare
CNN  -- Their Indian owners once talked about pushing Blackburn Rovers into the elite tier of the English Premier League but just 18 months after their takeover , poultry giants Venky 's are contemplating relegation . Monday 's 1-0 home defeat to Wigan Athletic condemned the former Premier League champions to the second tier amid angry scenes at their Ewood Park home . The club 's Scottish manager Steve Kean , who has been subjected to abuse by supporters all season , had to be escorted from the pitch by police as a group of fans invaded the playing surface . After the game Kean insisted he was the man to restore Blackburn 's status , telling the match broadcaster : "  We 're absolutely devastated . The players are numb inside the dressing room . "  We felt as though we 'd done a very good job tonight . It 's a massive setback but we 'll be back to fight another day . "  What we have to do is regroup . We have to add some established players and we have to look to keep as many of the players together as possible . " Rovers ' relegation marked a stark contrast to the bright optimism that greeted their takeover back in November 2010 by Venky 's , the first Indian owners of a Premier League club . Back then , they talked of finishing in the top four in the division , and linked themselves with high-profile players like Brazil 's World Cup-winning attacker Ronaldinho . But after modest spending and a turbulent season , which also saw their manager banned for drink driving , a late goal from Wigan 's Paraguayan defender Antolin Alcaraz sealed their fate . Upon the final whistle , a group of fans took to the pitch as Kean was bundled off the field by security staff and a handful of police . Others in the stands chanted : "  We want Venky 's out . " Blackburn won their only Premier League title in 1995 but have failed to challenge since . They were relegated in 1999 but bounced back under former Liverpool midfielder Graeme Souness two years later . As for Wigan , victory secured their Premier League status and confounded a legion of critics who had written them off as doomed after they lost eight matches in a row at the start of the season . But a recent run of six wins in eight games , which has seen them beat Manchester United , Arsenal , Liverpool and Newcastle , has cemented their place in the top flight for another year . Meanwhile in France , Montpellier reclaimed their position at the top of the Ligue 1 from big-spending Paris Saint-Germain after a 2-0 victory at Stade Rennes . A strike from Senegal striker Souleymane Camara was added to by an own goal from Benoit Costil , as Montpellier moved three points clear of PSG with two games remaining . Lille kept up their faint hopes of retaining their crown with a 3-0 win over Caen . Tulio De Melo 's double ensured they ended the evening five points behind Montpellier and two behind PSG . Bordeaux , 2009 champions , won 4-2 at AJ Auxerre , helped by two goals from Yoan Gouffran while SÃ © bastien Roudet 's goal secured a 1-0 win for Sochaux at home to AS Nancy Lorraine .	Blackburn Rovers are relegated from the English Premier League Rovers lose 1-0 at home to Wigan Athletic , who secured their top flight status The match was dominated by protests by Blackburn 's fans against club 's owners Many blame Indian firm Venky 's and manager Steve Kean for their relegation
CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney has changed his mind and signed a new five-year contract at English Premier League side Manchester United , the club announced Friday . Rooney said on Wednesday that he wanted to leave the Manchester giants , after complaining they lacked ambition , but has now agreed a deal which ties him to Old Trafford until at least June 2015 . The shock development comes after a day of talks Thursday between manager Alex Ferguson , the club 's chief executive David Gill and Rooney 's representatives . Ferguson , admitted he had been "  shocked and disappointed " that his star forward wanted to leave the club , but said the club would now "  get behind " Rooney after his change of heart . How CNN pundit correctly predicted U-turn Rooney , who has struggled for form this season after lackluster displays for England in their dismal World Cup campaign , explained his jaw-dropping U-turn . "  In the last couple of days , I have talked to the manager and the owners and they have convinced me this is where I belong , " he told the club 's official website . "  I said on Wednesday the manager is a genius and it is his belief and support that have convinced me to stay . "  I 'm signing a new deal in the absolute belief that the management , coaching staff , board and owners are totally committed to making sure United maintains its proud winning history -- which is the reason I joined the club in the first place . " Ferguson was delighted he had persuaded Rooney to stay after he looked set to exit Old Trafford in the January transfer window . Ferguson shows his genius in Rooney affair "  Sometimes , when you 're in a club , it can be hard to realize just how big it is and it takes something like the events of the last few days to make you understand . I think Wayne now understands what a great club Manchester United is , " he said . "  I 'm pleased he has accepted the challenge to guide the younger players and establish himself as one of United 's great players . It shows character and belief in what we stand for . "  I 'm sure everyone involved with the club will now get behind Wayne and show him the support he needs to produce the performances we know he is capable of . " United urge fans to be patient over Rooney Rooney , who injured his troublesome ankle in training Tuesday , will be out of action for up to three weeks , and could make his return against arch-rivals Manchester City . A move to cash-rich City looked the most likely as Rooney decided his future , a prospect which angered fans of the Red Devils who protested outside the striker 's Cheshire home on Thursday night . Little did they know that Rooney had changed his mind , after the club had put out a holding statement earlier in the evening , urging fans to show patience . The 24-year-old 's original deal was due to run out at the end of next season , but his agent Paul Stretford told United on August 14 that Rooney wanted to leave the club he joined from Everton in 2004 . Ferguson eventually broke the news of Rooney 's apparent departure only last Tuesday after intense media speculation .	Wayne Rooney signs new five-year contract at Manchester United Rooney changes his mind after saying he wanted to leave the Premier League giants Rooney says United manager Alex Ferguson had persuaded him to stay England striker will be sidelined for up to three weeks with an ankle injury
It 's a dot in the sky . But not just any dot . For the Curiosity rover , it 's home . NASA tweeted a photo Thursday taken by Curiosity from the Mars surface six days earlier . The image shows a speck above the horizon that a pointer identifies as Earth . "  Look Back in Wonder , " reads the accompanying text from the Curiosity Rover 's official Twitter feed . "  My 1st picture of Earth from the surface of Mars . " If it 's possible for a 1-ton , roughly SUV-size vehicle to get homesick , it 's had plenty of reason to shed a tear . The last time Curiosity was on Earth was November 26 , 2011 , when it set off aboard a NASA spacecraft from Cape Canaveral , Florida . NASA launches Mars rover Eight and a half months and some 352 million miles later , the rover landed safely on Mars with its 17 cameras and other assorted scientific instruments all intact . And almost as quickly , the Curiosity -- the centerpiece of a $ 2.6 billion project -- began transmitting images back to Earth . But until now , none of those pictures actually showed Earth itself . The one released by NASA , which was "  processed to remove effects of cosmic rays , " was taken about 80 minutes after Mars ' sunset with what researchers call Curiosity 's "  left eye camera " on its "  Mastcam . " It shows not just Earth but another dot that NASA says is our moon . Earth was about 99 million miles away at that point , according to NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Curiosity traveled a much longer distance to get to Mars because both planets are constantly in motion . Any Martian or Earthling who happened to be visiting would n't need such a special camera to see the same thing . According to NASA , "  A human observer with normal vision , if standing on Mars , could easily see Earth and the moon as two distinct , bright ` evening stars . ' " Of course , photographing its native planet is n't Curiosity 's main mission , which is exploring Mars . Since landing in Gale Crater , Curiosity has helped scientists determine that an area called Yellowknife Bay was habitable in ancient times . Here , from the rim of the crater came stream waters that formed "  a lake-stream-groundwater system that might have existed for millions of years , " John Grotzinger , lead scientist on the Curiosity mission , wrote in last month 's edition of the journal Science . NASA : 2 places on Mars could have been habitable	NASA releases a photo taken last week from the Curiosity rover on Mars It shows a speck NASA says is the rover 's first image of Earth from the red planet Earth , its moon would be "  two distinct , bright ` evening stars ' " to observers on Mars , NASA says Curiosity launched from Florida in fall 2011 , landing on Mars the next August to study that planet
New Orleans  CNN  -- Suddenly , after years of the National Football League advancing toward the end zone of equality in its hiring practices , diversity has been smacked for a sack and a fumble . Let 's get the brutal numbers out of the way , and then I 'll move to the contradiction to everything I just said , which is the brilliant career of Ozzie Newsome . I mean , among the recent vacancies in the NFL , where 70 % of the players are black , there were eight openings for head coaches and seven for general managers . None were filled by minorities . Zero . Zilch . How strange , because this is a 93-year-old league whose most impressive guy at running a franchise these days is darker than Vince Lombardi of the past and Bill Belichick of the present . Photos : Super Bowl by the numbers I 'm referring to Newsome , 56 , who harkens of the future , because he has a tendency to stay a few paces ahead of his NFL peers . They call Newsome "  The Wizard " for his ability to keep the Baltimore Ravens vibrant throughout his decade as the NFL 's first black general manager . In fact , this Pro Football Hall of Fame tight end-turned expert talent evaluator has replaced the Gatorade bath after huge victories as the rage around the league . "  It 's part of the dream , that dream , " Newsome told reporters at the Ravens ' headquarters last week when describing his NFL success . "  I do n't know if I 'll have to pinch myself to see if I 'm still dreaming . " No , Newsome 's NFL legacy is real , alright . Just ask Lionel Vital , who joins Newsome among the league 's highest-ranking black executives as the director of player personnel for the Atlanta Falcons . Vital began scouting with Newsome in the Browns organization in the early 1990s , when Belichick was running the show before his prolific stint with the New England Patriots . Later , Newsome was Vital 's boss in Baltimore from 2005 to 2007 . 5 story lines to follow at the Super Bowl "  Ozzie understands people maybe better than anybody I 've ever met , " Vital said . "  Those draft picks he makes  through the annual NFL draft  are people , and he just knows how to deal with them . Those guys play for him , because those guys can be themselves around him . "  Whether you 're a player or a scout or anybody else in the Baltimore organization , Ozzie wants you to be you , and he lets you be you . " It works . Under Newsome , the Ravens have reached the playoffs seven times  including the last five seasons  , and they 've made three trips to the American Football Conference title game . More impressive , despite a defense with more aches and pains than anybody in the league , the Ravens used several of Newsome 's shrewd picks through the years to reach the Super Bowl on Sunday at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome against the San Francisco 49ers . The Ravens operate with Newsome 's fingerprints wrapped around everything they do . The coaching : Newsome hired John Harbaugh five years ago , and this was despite Harbaugh lacking head coaching experience by serving mostly as an NFL special teams and secondary coach . The result ? Harbaugh has won 67 % of his games with the Ravens . The quarterback : Newsome ignored the fact that Joe Flacco was considered an inaccurate gunslinger for the obscure Fightin ' Blue Hens of the University of Delaware . He made Flacco the 18th pick overall of the 2008 draft . Since then , Flacco has an 8-4 record in the playoffs , including an NFL-record six postseason victories on the road . Join our Super Bowl hangout The others : Newsome is noted for seeing things that nobody else does when studying players in the draft or free agency . His picks regularly are enlightened  see the Ravens ' multiple trips to the playoffs  . Most recently , there was Newsome taking a chance on 400-something pounds of Terrence Cody , who was considered a bust by many . He was gifted but unmotivated . The Dr. Phil of general managers spent his interview time with Cody at the 2010 NFL scouting combine calling the nose tackle everything shy of a fat slob . Cody now is so slim  well , relatively speaking at 350 pounds  that he is considered a future star for the Ravens . Then there is outside linebacker Paul Kruger , the Ravens ' late second-round pick out of Utah in the 2009 NFL draft . He played little during his first three seasons . Then along came those Baltimore injuries on defense , and Kruger showcased all of that hidden depth acquired by Newsome when he finished this season with nine sacks and 42 tackles . No wonder Newsome is revered so much by Martin Mayhew of the Detroit Lions , Jerry Reese of the New York Giants , Rick Smith of the Houston Texans and Reggie McKenzie of the Oakland Raiders . That quartet represents the only other black general managers among the NFL 's 32 teams . Game day predictions "  I tell those guys -- along with others -- to call Ozzie to walk you through the drill over how things should be done , " said John Wooten , 76 , a respected black NFL player personnel director of yore for the Dallas Cowboys , Philadelphia Eagles and Ravens before he became the long-time chairman of the Fritz Pollard Alliance . Among other things , Wooten 's group worked in conjunction with NFL officials in 2003 to form the Rooney Rule , which is named after Pittsburgh Steelers chairman Dan Rooney . According to the rule , all NFL teams must interview at least one minority candidate before hiring a head coach or a general manager . The idea is to increase the number of minority head coaches and general managers around the league . Oh , well . "  These are the lowest head coach diversity numbers the league has seen since 2003 , when the Rooney Rule was just implemented , " wrote Harry Carson , the Fritz Pollard Alliance 's executive director , in a letter to NFL officials regarding the drop from six to four black head coaches in the league after this past regular season . "  Similarly , no minority front office candidate was selected for any of the vacant GM positions . " So the Fritz Pollard Alliance want the Rooney Rule expanded to include openings for offensive and defensive coordinators . Many of the NFL 's future team leaders come from those positions . There currently are six black defensive coordinators in the league and just two black offensive coordinators . The non-fan 's guide to Super Bowl parties The NFL knows there are issues along these lines . Last month , league executive vice president of human resources Robert Gulliver said , "  While there has been full compliance with the interview requirements of the Rooney Rule and we wish the new head coaches and general managers much success , the hiring results this year have been unexpected and reflect a disappointing lack of diversity . Newsome weighed in this week telling the Baltimore Sun "  Is the opportunity there  for minorities  ? Yes , it is . You can look at the fact that I am the third of the GMs that have been there  Super Bowl  .  Cardinals general manager  Rod Graves had a chance to go with Arizona .  Giants general manager  Jerry Reese has been to two . "  We 've had African-American coaches have the opportunity . I 've had conversations among the diversity working group committee myself . Are we going to work to get better ? Yes , but all we can do is to put people in front of people . " Beyond the quotes , Newsome speaks loudest through his actions as the epitome of what could be for an NFL franchise looking for success . That is , if other blacks are given a chance in team decision-making roles . "  I think Ozzie is an incredible role model for anybody within an organization with the desire to be a general manager , and , honestly , that 's true whether you 're talking about an African-American or a Caucasian , " said Thomas Dimitroff , the Falcons ' general manager . Dimitroff 's late father , Thomas Sr. , was a prominent scout for the Browns down the stretch of Newsome 's Cleveland playing career that ended after the 1990 season . The older Dimitroff also was around for Newsome 's opening five years in the Browns ' scouting department . That was before Newsome continued as an NFL boss in 1996 when that particular Browns ' franchise  there is another one now  moved to Baltimore to become the Ravens . Said Dimitroff , "  My dad -- as an older school , tough football guy -- was very complimentary of how Ozzie handled that transition from player to team executive . He handled it with tact and with respect to the other football people who were there before him . He did n't just thump his chest to say he had arrived , because he was such a great player . " Newsome still does n't thump his chest -- you know , even though he is a great general manager . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terence Moore .	70 % of NFL players are black but no recent head coach or GM spots were filled by minorities Baltimore Ravens GM Ozzie Newsome is the NFL 's first black general manager Newsome has been the Ravens ' general manager since 2002 Under Newsome , the Ravens have reached the playoffs seven times
CNN  -- The sun was barely up when New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg used the Colorado massacre to scold President Obama and Mitt Romney for ignoring the gun issue . "  This is a real problem . No matter where you stand on the Second Amendment , no matter where you stand on guns , we have a right to hear from both of them concretely , " Bloomberg argued . Bloomberg challenges Obama , Romney to take action on guns He has a point -- gun policy is a back burner debate these days , largely because Democrats who had pushed for tighter gun laws concluded it 's bad politics . After the 1999 Columbine shooting , Democratic Vice President Al Gore played a central role in trying to pass ill-fated gun control legislation . On the campaign trail during his 2000 presidential run , he argued for "  common-sense gun safety measures . " Democratic strategists said they believe Gore and other Democrats lost critical votes in rural America by pushing for stricter gun laws . So , Democratic Party leaders began to recruit candidates who could win those largely red districts and states , candidates who ran on support for gun rights . Jim Manley worked in the Senate for more than 20 years as a top aide to Democrats Sen. Ted Kennedy and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . He witnessed the change up close . "  Democrats finally figured out that this was an issue that they were getting walloped on in many Western , Southern states and many swing states , " Manley said . "  So they began a subtle shift to try to coordinate and/or get more pro-gun Democrats to run . " "  For many Democrats , it 's smart politics not to get into the gun control debate , " he said . Obama on shooting : This is n't a day for politics So , even though President Bill Clinton signed an assault weapons ban in 1994 with fanfare , it lapsed in 2004 without much of a fight . Even after major tragedies shoved the gun issue into the headlines , there was some talk , but little action . Romney calls for unity after Colorado shooting The 2007 Virginia Tech massacre resulted in a minor change : beefing up background checks for the mentally ill . Last year 's assassination attempt of then-Rep . Gabby Giffords , D-Arizona , produced only a few calls to make high-capacity magazines like those used in that shooting illegal . "  There is no earthly reason for these weapons to have that kind of bullet capacity , " argued Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , one of the few remaining anti-gun stalwarts . But Senate Democrats would n't hold a vote , and Giffords ' Republican colleagues in the House said at the time new laws were useless . "  Bad guys are going to get guns , they 're going to get clips and they 're going to do bad things , " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said then . In fact , the Democratic-led Senate has n't voted on any gun legislation in three years , since defeating a GOP measure that would have required states to recognize each others ' gun laws . Why ? Many still point to the National Rifle Association Spokesman : NRA tweeter was ` unaware ' of Colorado shooting "  The NRA is an extremely powerful organization and they deliver votes and they deliver money , " said Manley , who now works for QGA , a public affairs group in Washington . In the wake of the Colorado movie massacre , the NRA issued a statement steering clear of gun politics . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families and the community . NRA will not have any further comment until all the facts are known , " said Andrew Arulanandam , the NRA 's director of public affairs . Because gun issues are not at the forefront of the political debate , the NRA 's clout is n't talked about as much as it was in the 1980s and 1990s , when gun policy was a hot topic . But the NRA is still active and not afraid to throw its weight around on topics that even tangentially involve gun policy . For example , earlier this summer the NRA warned vulnerable House members that it was watching their vote on whether to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt over the failed "  Fast and Furious " gun-walking operation . NRA Executive Director Chris Cox has said his group supported the contempt vote because of the Justice Department 's "  obstruction of congressional oversight of a program that costs lives in support of an anti-gun agenda . " At the end of the day , of those seeking re-election who voted in favor of contempt , more than half are listed in competitive districts by the Cook Political Report and rely on conservative support -- including endorsements and cash from the NRA -- to survive their tough political battles . The NRA has reported more and more contributions to Democrats in recent elections -- from $ 236,330 in 2008 to $ 373,500 in 2010 -- still far less than the $ 911,250 the organization gave to Republicans that year . When it comes to presidential politics , the NRA and the Obama campaign both know full well that he could win or lose re-election in battlegrounds like Virginia and Ohio , where the NRA has significant sway over some swing voters . That 's why the president is trying to heed the lesson of Gore and not go there when it comes to gun control . That has n't kept the NRA from mobilizing members against him . "  When we 're done speaking out , sir , gun owners will have made the difference in key precincts in battleground states , " NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre told the organization 's meeting in April . "  You 'll have us to blame for your defeat in November , " he said , rallying the crowd . CNN 's Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	Bloomberg : "  We have a right to hear " from Obama and Romney on guns Ex-congressional aide : "  For many Democrats , it 's smart politics " not to join gun debate The Democratic-led Senate has n't voted on any gun legislation in three years White House race could be decided in states where NRA has influence over swing voters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Activists say the U.S. is handing the enemy a victory the longer it allows the detention of enemy combatants at the U.S Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  When we leave them at Guantanamo , in a military prison , we give them a status they do n't deserve , " said John Hutson , a former U.S. Navy judge advocate general . "  We make them heroes and martyrs to their friends and colleagues back in terrorist camps , " he said . Ten years after the first detainees were brought to Guantanamo from what was considered the battlefield in Afghanistan after 9/11 , constitutional and judicial experts held a news conference Wednesday to say the Obama administration needs to restore American values of human rights and the rule of law . Hundreds of protesters rallied later outside the White House as part of the event , with organizers saying the rally was to "  call on President Obama to keep his promise and shutter Guantanamo Bay now . " Under the Bush administration , the United States claimed that Guantanamo Bay detainees are not on U.S. soil and therefore not covered by the U.S. Constitution , and that "  enemy combatant " status means they can be denied some legal protections . President Barack Obama in January 2009 ordered the camp to be closed within a year , citing security concerns . But as of July of last year , 171 detainees remained at Guantanamo . Their prolonged and murky circumstances were the focus of the Wednesday event . "  There is no case that is so important that we should sacrifice our dedication to human rights and rule of law , " Hutson said . "  It 's not a rule of law unless it applies all the time , and it 's not a human right unless it applies to all people . " Morris Davis , a former chief prosecutor for the military commissions at Guantanamo , said political interference from back home during the Bush administration blocked any basis for a fair trial . "  Initially I was probably the leading proponent for Guantanamo , and for military commissions , " Davis , a retired Air Force colonel , said Wednesday . But he eventually resigned after he said the Bush administration pressured him to use evidence he felt was obtained through torture . "  I believed at the time that we were committed to having full , fair and open trials , " Davis said . "  I resigned when I lost confidence that that was our commitment . " Obama , in a 2009 speech delivered in Cairo , Egypt , acknowledged that the U.S. had acted "  contrary to our ideals " in the time that followed the 9/11 attacks . After telling his Middle East audience he had "  unequivocally prohibited the use of torture , " Obama then said he had "  ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed , " on a timetable that would have ended about a year ago . "  If we roll up the Constitution every time that there 's a difficult factual situation , we might as well roll up the entire democracy , " said Vincent Warren , executive director of the Center for Constitutional Rights . Talat Hamdani , a Muslim American whose son died in the attacks on World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , spoke at the rally in front of the White House . "  We say we are not at war with Islam , yet actions do speak louder than words , " Hamdani said . "  Guantanamo is a shame -- a disgrace for our nation and we need to set the record straight by leading by example . " Despite a steady downpour of rain , the large group of protesters -- including some in orange jumpsuits symbolizing the Guantanamo Bay detainee uniforms , marched past the White House and on to the Supreme Court following the rally . CNN 's Lindy Royce-Bartlett contributed to this report .	Legal activists question a decade of detentions at Guantanamo Former military JAG says detainees become "  heroes and martyrs " in terrorist camps Demonstration outside White House urges Obama to make good on shutdown promise
Editor 's note : Alejandra Lopez-Fernandini is a senior policy analyst in the Asset Building Program at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that seeks innovative solutions across the political spectrum . Alejandra Lopez-Fernandini says Americans have no choice but to increase the amount they save . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As the economy slows , millions of Americans will cut their budgets to stay afloat . This generates conflicting impulses : If I skip that morning coffee and granola , will my thriftiness put my local coffee shop out of business ? Will that force America 's granola farmers to lay off workers ? What 's a budget-conscious , patriotic and hungry girl to do ? Not to worry , saving a few dollars now will not prolong the recession . And , more important , spending all your discretionary income will not end the recession . It 's true that John Maynard Keynes ' "  Paradox of Thrift " suggests that , even while saving is beneficial to an individual , too much aggregate savings could deepen an ordinary recession . But in these extraordinary times , where banks and not just businesses are in desperate need of cash , this economic rule may not fully hold . More important , individuals need savings to be prepared for unanticipated expenses and income losses , especially now . The reality is that there is no bailout coming to you . And those getting the bailout might not be willing to lend to you , anyway . So now is the time to save . The money you save is your own personal safety net , what you tap when you have an unanticipated expense like a car repair or when you 're between jobs , as many Americans find themselves nowadays . The past decade has seen Americans saving at historically low levels ; we 've substituted plastic for the piggy bank . But the days of cheap and easy access to credit have come and gone . We all need to save not because we want to but because we have to . For decades , our country 's economy has flourished , but it relied too heavily on debt-driven consumer spending to power its growth . Excessive household debt , coupled with stagnating incomes and little to no personal savings , now places America in a precarious position . Compared with the 19 other major industrialized economies , the United States ranks dead last for personal savings . That 's right , in 2003 , the United States was the least thrifty nation among the G-20 . Why is it important that we save more as a nation ? Savings offers us the protection we need to make it through hard or uncertain times and to pay for important future needs such as a home , education or adequate retirement . Savings also creates pools of capital for investment purposes  who will fund the next neighborhood coffee shop ?  and to keep interest rates low . It appears the current recession has scared us back to saving ; we are no longer spending all of our disposable income . To ensure that the hopeful trend continues , government and employers should adopt a new generation of savings policies that are both innovative and simple . Common sense , along with research from the emerging field of behavioral economics , tells us why we are n't saving more already : 1  We like instant gratification Whether it 's iPhones or our paychecks , we want everything , and we want it now . We are so short-term-oriented that many of us would rather have a fatter paycheck now than set aside some of that happiness , even if the funds will be greater in the future . 2  We tend to procrastinate Once we start something  or fail to start something  , it 's really hard to change course . And we 'd prefer a hassle-free world . Who does n't , right ? When it 's hard just to figure out how to start saving , most people wo n't . However , the flip side is that when it 's easy to start saving , a lot more people will . Think about current retirement savings . How many of us would open an account and make regular deposits if an employer did n't take it right out of our paychecks ? When it comes to savings , we need someone to save us from ourselves . Smart savings policies should be automatic and utilize smart pre-made choices , or defaults . It would require action to NOT save . Of course , this type of policymaking underscores the importance of making the default choice a good one  an adjustable-rate mortgage with no down payment would be an example of a bad default  . Employers can easily help their employees save for a rainy day , leveraging the payroll system and direct deposit to automatically send a small percentage of their paychecks to a savings account . This type of unrestricted savings is especially valuable for individuals who have limited liquid assets and who may otherwise be forced to meet emergency cash needs with high-cost payday loans . A truly transformative savings policy to broaden the base of American savers would encourage it from birth with Children 's Savings Accounts . These "  start in life " accounts would be "  seeded " up-front with a modest initial deposit  $ 500  , progressively funded for children born into lower-income households and restricted for specific asset-building uses like higher education , purchasing a home or starting a small business . For the economic health of the next generation , the United States should join the U.K. and Singapore , and others who are offering such lifelong savings accounts , and get some skin in the thrift game , too . We know it 's plenty hard to save ; it feels a lot like we 're taking away what we 've rightly earned . Taking advantage of windfall payments such as tax refunds is important , and so is removing the temptation to spend all of that refund . Tax filers can pre-commit a portion of their refund before it reaches their pocket to up to three accounts  including savings accounts !  with IRS Form 8888 . Having accessible savings is critical to our personal and economic security . We must reorient the savings policy discussion to include the needs of shorter-term savers and consider policy that would make savings automatic and universal at birth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alejandra Lopez-Fernandini .	Alejandra Lopez-Fernandini : America saves less than nearly all big countries She says crisis is forcing an increase in savings by American families Lopez-Fernandini : Government , firms should automatically encourage saving She says you can designate part of a tax refund to go into a savings account
CNN  -- When Hollywood star Richard Gere selected the decor for the Bedford Post -- the boutique hotel he co-owns with his wife and fellow actor Carey Lowell -- there was one thing above all else that he wanted to embody in the design . "  Sex -- every choice in here was about sex , " joked Gere , as he took CNN 's Richard Quest on a tour of the eight-bedroom luxury inn . This amorous sentiment was echoed in a slightly less forward fashion by Lowell , who said "  romance " and "  intimacy " were key inspirations behind the hotel 's design . She said they had tried to create an open atmosphere where guests feel at home and comfortable to be themselves . "  It 's just a relaxed place , " she said , adding that each room had been designed to exude a "  serene " aura -- reflected in the muted palette and earthy tones used throughout the inn . See also : Marriott mogul 's 55 years of hotels Situated on the outskirts of the sleepy town of Bedford , in upstate New York , the Bedford Post is a renovated old country home that dates back to the 18th century . The movie-star couple bought the house after spotting it whilst horse riding in the area . At the time it was derelict , on the point of collapse , but they have renovated it to meet the specifications of a luxury retreat . Both were keen to highlight , however , that they have been careful to remain true to the site 's rustic charms . "  All the stone walls are from rocks that were here , " Lowell told Quest , with Gere adding that many of its wood beams date back to the original building . See also : World 's most outrageous hotel amenities Among its amenities , a yoga room provides communal space for exercise and meditation , while a restaurant , bar and cafe serve up gourmet food for hotel guests and Bedford residents alike . It was this opportunity to create a gathering point for the residents of Bedford that Gere , the star of hit films Pretty Woman and An Officer and a Gentleman , says inspired him to open the hotel . "  This is an area with some extremely successful people and many different  types  of human experience , " said Gere . "  I thought this could be the center of this village ...  a  place where people could come and discuss the world and how we can affect it in a positive way , " he added .	Richard Gere and Carey Lowell have a boutique hotel in upstate New York . The movie star couple 's ` luxury inn ' includes a yoga studio , bar , restaurant and cafe Lowell says the hotel was designed to create an intimate , relaxed experience
Washington  CNN  -- Three U.S. congressmen from California are calling for the Department of Agriculture to immediately reopen a slaughterhouse closed this week after videos showed what the agency called "  disturbing evidence of inhumane treatment of cattle . " The videos , shot by an undercover activist and posted online Tuesday by the organization Compassion Over Killing , show animals at the Hanford , California-based Central Valley Meat Co. being repeatedly shot with a bolt gun . Another is shown suffocated and others are seen hanging from a single hind leg while apparently still alive . "  While some of the footage provided from this facility shows unacceptable treatment of cattle , it does not show anything that would compromise food safety , " a USDA statement sent to CNN by spokeswoman Alyn Kiel said . "  We are aggressively continuing our investigation . " Republican Reps. Devin Nunes , Jeff Denham and Kevin McCarthy wrote Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack on Thursday to urge the reopening of the plant because its closure caused "  enormous economic stress in a community with double digit unemployment . " They called on the USDA to reopen the plant immediately and quickly deploy additional agency staff to make sure the slaughterhouse meets appropriate regulations . "  This area and these families can not take this plant being closed , " Nunes , who represents the district where many of the 500 slaughterhouse employees live , told CNN in an interview . "  This is going to devastate many families who are already on the brink . " In recent years , the area around Hanford , about 30 miles south of Fresno , has seen home values plummet and unemployment rates reach as high as 20 % , according to Nunes . Brian Coelho , president of the Central Valley Meat Co. , on Tuesday called the reports of inhumane treatment "  disturbing and surprising . " "  Our company seeks to not just meet federal humane handling regulations , but to exceed them , " Coelho said in a statement . He said federal inspectors continuously inspect the plant and are able to take action if they see a problem . "  That is why these allegations are both disturbing and surprising , " he said . The company has submitted a plan required for reopening the plant to the USDA , Nunes said , and he hopes the agency will approve it soon . "  USDA is reviewing the corrective action plan to ensure that it would comply with humane handling regulations before the facility is allowed to resume operations , " agency spokesman Dirk Fillpot told CNN in a statement . When asked for his reaction to the images in the videos , Nunes replied : "  It 's a tough business . Killing animals is not an easy business . The key point here is to make sure that everything is investigated and if any laws were broken . " In the letter , the congressmen also note the USDA had inspectors at the plant during the time the video was shot , yet "  despite their active presence through out the facility at the time there is no record of non-compliance . " Central Valley Meat , a 50-year-old company , was one of the beef suppliers for In-N-Out Burger , a well-known fast food chain predominantly in California and the Southwest . Mark Taylor , chief operating officer for In-N-Out , said Wednesday that the chain has stopped doing business with Central Valley Meat . "  In-N-Out Burger would never condone the inhumane treatment of animals , and all of our suppliers must agree to abide by our strict standards for the humane treatment of cattle , " he said in a statement .	The slaughterhouse was closed after videos surfaced showing inhumane treatment of cattle The closure is causing "  enormous economic stress " to the community , congressmen say The USDA is reviewing a corrective plan submitted by the company
CNN  Is it ISIL , ISIS or Islamic State ? Whatever you call the jihadist group known for killing dozens of people at a time , carrying out public executions , beheadings , crucifixions and other brutal acts , there is no denying they have captured the world 's attention . On the eve of President Barack Obama 's speech outlining Washington 's strategy against the group , in which he will likely refer to it as ISIL , we ask : What 's in a name ? It all started in 2004 when the late Abu Musab al-Zarqawi formed an al Qaeda splinter group in Iraq . Within two years , al-Zarqawi 's al Qaeda in Iraq was trying to fuel a sectarian war against the majority Shiite community . In June 2006 , al-Zarqawi was killed in a U.S. strike . Abu Ayyub al-Masri , his successor , several months later announced the creation of the Islamic State in Iraq  ISI  . In April 2013 , Islamic State in Iraq absorbed the al Qaeda-backed militant group in Syria , Jabhat al-Nusra , also known as the al-Nusra Front . Its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi said his group will now be known as Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . Since then , the English-speaking world seems to have had a hard time settling on a name for them . ISIL President Obama , the United Nations and some news organizations refer to the jihadist group by the acronym ISIL , which stands for Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . CNN Global Affairs Correspondent Elise Labott said the U.S. has stuck with ISIL because the group appears to have to set it sights beyond Iraq and Syria . And also because Washington does n't want to recognize their plans for a caliphate . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen believes ISIL is a more accurate translation of the group 's name . The ` L' stands for Levant which is a translation of "  al-Sham " -- the word the group uses to refer to itself , Bergen said . "  But the Levant is a relatively obscure word in English -- in English , we refer to Syria . Of course , the Levant is larger than Syria , " Bergen said . "  We believe this is the most accurate translation of the group 's name and reflects its aspirations to rule over a broad swath of the Middle East , " said John Daniszewski , vice president and senior managing editor for international news for The Associated Press , according to an AP blog post . Al-Sham is a reference to a region that stretches from Turkey through Syria to Egypt and includes the Palestinian territories , Jordan and Lebanon , according to Rashid Khalidi , a Columbia University professor and expert on Syrian history . Part of the confusion stems from the fact that al-Sham has many meanings in Arabic . Khalidi said : "  How you translate ` al-Sham ' determines whether you have an ` L' or an 'S ' in English . It 's the same word in Arabic . How you translate the term into English determines if you 're of the ` ISIL ' camp or the ` ISIS ' camp . The Levant , which can extend from northern Egypt to Greece , is not as precise . " On the United States government 's use of ISIL , Khalidi surmised : "  Maybe because you do n't want to give the dignity of the name that they give themselves . " Nawaf Obaid , a visiting fellow at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University , said via email that ISIL is preferable in English "  to make it clear to a Western audience . " Levant denotes Syria and Lebanon in Arabic , "  so better to stick to ISIL and clarify that it 's the same as ISIS , but a more accurate translation from the Arabic , " he said . ISIS ISIS is an English translation of the acronym in Arabic for Al-Dawla Al-Islamiya fi al-Iraq wa al-Sham , or the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham . The organization has said its goal is to form an Islamic state , or caliphate , over the entire region , stretching from Turkey through Syria to Egypt and including the Palestinian territories , Jordan and Lebanon . Some think ISIS flows better as a word in English . It also happens to be the name of one of a goddess of ancient Egypt . CNN has been referring to the organization as ISIS , shorthand for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Arabic speakers say al-Sham can be translated to mean the Levant , Syria , greater Syria , and even Damascus . Islamic State The jihadists like to refer to themselves simply as the Islamic State , a term more accurately reflecting the organization 's aspirations of creating a caliphate across national borders . They prefer to be known either as the Islamic State -- al-Dawla al-Islamiya in Arabic -- or just the State , al-Dawla . That is what they call themselves in online videos . DAIISH Finally , a lesser-known acronym to Western readers : DAIISH . It is the straight Arabic shorthand for the group known as : al-Dawla al-Islamiya fi Iraq wa al-Sham , commonly used in the Arab world and among many Arab media outlets and politicians . When people in the Arab world , use the term DAIISH , it 's derogatory , according to Columbia 's Khalidi . "  Those who disagree with them , call them DAIISH , " Khalidi said , adding that the jihadists have objected to the name .	ISIS is translation of the acronym in Arabic for the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham U.S. officials , the U.N. , some media use ISIL : Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant Jihadist group prefers "  the Islamic State " or just "  the State "
CNN  -- The debate over whether the hand-to-hand-combat excesses of Black Friday represent a grotesque over-commercialization of the holiday season has lost its meaning . The point is no longer whether or not Black Friday tarnishes the holidays . The point is that Black Friday has become a holiday of its own . It will arrive again this week , even as Americans are still sitting at their Thanksgiving dinner tables . Black Friday -- with its door-buster sales , hordes of frenzied shoppers shoving for position , employees nervously waiting for the onslaught -- has shrugged off the confines of its name and has now established squatters ' rights on Thursday . Target stores will open at 9 p.m. Thanksgiving night , three hours earlier than the stores ' midnight opening in 2011 . Wal-Mart will begin its Black Friday sales at 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving . Toys R Us will match that 8 p.m. opening , as will Sears . Best Buy , which will wait until midnight to open its doors , seems almost like a dowdy throwback . The store employees around the country who are upset that the schedules will deprive them of a big part of their holiday Thursday  many of them will have to arrive hours before the customers  and the citizens who fret that the lure of the deeply discounted sales will empty out their home-for-the-holidays family gatherings are probably fighting a losing battle . Black Friday appears to be triumphant , and it has taken on the characteristics of the holidays it mimics . Like real holidays , it occurs on a predesignated day each year . People anticipate it and mark the date . Across the breadth of the nation they are absent from work to observe it . And when the day arrives , they congregate like ... well , like congregations . Established religious holidays , such as Christmas and Hanukkah , have long been occasions for gift-giving ; some holidays -- Mother 's Day , Father 's Day , Valentine 's Day -- have eagerly been embraced by merchants as a way to move their products . Black Friday does away with the middleman -- in the universe of holidays , it is the only one that exists solely to sell merchandise . It celebrates nothing ; it commemorates only itself . It is an annual festival of the cash register . News : Retail employess fight "  Black Friday creep " The derivation of the term "  Black Friday " is open to dispute , but it has come to refer to the theory that merchants go into the black -- into the profit side of the ledger -- during the holiday shopping season , which traditionally commences the day after Thanksgiving . Certainly , and especially in this economy , anything that brings people into the stores is welcome . Brick-and-mortar stores can use the foot traffic as shopping goes increasingly online . And digital doors are open 24 hours a day , every day of the year . But there is something about Black Friday -- in the pandemonium of its execution -- that is unsettling and cynical . The Wal-Mart employee who was trampled to death on Long Island in 2008 as shoppers knocked the doors from their hinges and stepped on him in their rush to the stacks of sales items , the woman in California last year who unleashed pepper spray on fellow shoppers vying for Xbox video game consoles ... those kinds of scenes are becoming the iconic images of the long night . Of course , the new holiday would not have taken hold if people were n't embracing it . But you have to ask yourself : When people , as they grow older , remember the best holidays of their lives , is it some discounted gift that they recall with warmth and fondness ? Some deal that they found ? Or is it the family members and loved ones with whom they spent the holiday time ? Breaking up the flow of a real holiday so you can make it on time to the beginning of the Black Friday holiday seems a little misguided . It is one thing during the holiday season to be touched by the poignancy of long lines at soup kitchens and food pantries ; it is quite another to witness throngs in the darkness bearing credit cards , waiting to stampede through stores in desperate and hungry-eyed pursuit of flat-screen TVs and Blu-Ray players . At least earnest groups of neighborhood vocalists are not -- yet -- going door-to-door singing Black Friday carols . But just give them time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Holiday season too commercialized ? No , Black Friday has become a holiday He says it has the markings : it 's observed across nation , people take day off to congregate He says , yes , it brings people into stores in a down economy , but cost of this unsettling Greene : Is getting a deal on a TV worth rushing from home , hearth , family at Thanksgiving ?
"  The letter stated that , as I ran through the tunnel , they were going to throw acid in my face . I was petrified and I probably never moved so much and so fast on a soccer field in my life . " Clyde Best is one of football 's pioneers -- the first black player of the modern era to establish himself in England 's top division . The reaction he faced from fans on the terraces more than 40 years ago was extreme , mirroring the strong resistance to immigrants landing on Britain 's shores back then . Recent incidents have shown that racism is still a big problem in these more multicultural times . World football 's president , Sepp Blatter , infamously claimed last year that racism is not an issue on the pitch , but he has been proved sadly wrong . England , in particular , is dealing with the fallout of two high-profile player on player controversies . Fans , meanwhile , have been arrested for racially abusing players at stadiums and on the Internet . Racial tension started growing in the UK after World War Two , when immigrants began pouring into the country from the British Empire 's colonies around the world -- notably the West Indies . The number of non-whites in England climbed from just a few thousand in 1945 to about 1.45 million in 1970 . Just two years before that , Conservative politician Enoch Powell warned of "  rivers of blood " because of increasing immigration . Also in 1968 , Best arrived from his native Bermuda to play for London club West Ham United . "  People were n't used to seeing people of color on the field in those days . I was always taught that you 're not playing for yourself , you 're playing for the people who are coming behind you , and that 's what kept me going , " Best told CNN . "  There were certain things that were said and done , but you 've got to put them in them in the back of your mind and be strong and do what you have to do . " Defining a country Best 's persistence in coping with the hate mail and the fan abuse -- some of it from his own club 's supporters -- helped paved the way for Viv Anderson , England 's first black international . Back in the 1920s , London-born Jack Leslie was denied the chance to represent his country due to his Jamaican parentage . At the time English football was very much a sport for the working class , largely played by the working class , and had been since the sport 's founding days in the 1860s . "  As the game became more popular it was the beginning of the industrial revolution in England , " says English players ' union chief executive Gordon Taylor . "  Workers were attracted to the big cities and as a result all of the heavy industries , with steel and ship building and coal mining for example . Workers had their Saturday afternoons off and it became their recreation . " Making history On November 29 , 1978 , Nottingham-born Anderson stepped onto the hallowed turf of England 's national stadium , Wembley , to represent his country against the former Czechoslovakia -- which , like its Eastern European neighbors , has also had problems with racist factions at football matches . The England manager was Ron Greenwood , who also brought Best to West Ham . "  To play for your country and for 100,000 people at home against the Czechs , who had a good reputation then , you do n't want to let yourself down , let your parents down , let the people you know down , " Anderson said . "  The black thing never came into my head one bit . It was about being a professional footballer . " Anderson won the European Cup twice with Nottingham Forest , but it was three men at another club , West Bromwich Albion , who really pushed black players into the spotlight in England . Raising the bar Cyrille Regis , Brendon Batson and Laurie Cunningham were dubbed the "  Three Degrees " by their manager Ron Atkinson after a visit to the club 's ground by the U.S. female vocal group . "  To see three black players on one team was very radical , " Regis recalls . "  West Brom fans were fantastic . They took to us fantastically , supported us , appreciated us . At the end of the day they want anybody out there to play football and to play football well . " Batson notes that Powell 's political constituency was Wolverhampton and he delivered his infamous speech in Birmingham -- both cities being near neighbors to the trio 's adopted Midlands town . "  People said to me that as black players come to the fore in the early '70s , that was almost an opportunity for those racist groups -- the BNP , the National Front -- to come out and vent their fury at black players , " he told CNN . "  The football authorities did nothing about it , so for the black players coming through and particularly when I was at West Brom , we would seem to get the brunt of it because there were three of us and the volume was quite astonishing at times . "  It was n't pleasant . What it did to you was almost galvanize us , to say , ` This is our profession , this is our career . We 're not going to be driven away so we 'll see you next week , next month , next year , ' and that 's it , we get on with it . " Targeting the trouble-makers British hooliganism reached arguably its worst levels in 1985 with the Heysel Stadium disaster , which left 39 Juventus fans dead after fighting broke out before the European Cup final against Liverpool . English clubs were banned from European competition for five years . That heralded a major government crackdown on football violence , and subsequent laws have made racist behavior illegal at matches . "  The game was in danger of being written off , " PFA chief Taylor says . "  The prime minister , Margaret Thatcher , was thinking of insisting that people needed an ID card to even go to a game . That 's how serious it was . " This season a Liverpool fan was arrested for racially abusing an opposing team 's player in an FA Cup match , and clubs have resorted to increasingly sophisticated security measures to catch offenders . Trial by technology With closed-circuit television footage and stewards wearing head-mounted cameras , it is now much more difficult for spectators to misbehave at games . "  They get football banning orders which are draconian , but they have a very strong effect , " says Chris Baker , safety officer at second division club Brighton . "  A person could be banned for three years from entering any Football League ground , they also have to hand in their passport , they 're not allowed to travel on the rail network when certain teams are playing , they 're not allowed to travel out of the country when England is playing . "  It 's a very strict measure , but it is spelling out to these people that it is n't tolerated by anyone in football . We have 75 cameras based around the ground and should any racist abuse be reported to us we could very quickly potentially get one , two , maybe three cameras onto an area . " The way ahead England 's Premier League is now one of the most multicultural divisions in the world , attracting players from far and wide . But while many people believe that the situation -- in England at least -- has improved , campaigners such as ant-racism Kick It Out group say there is still a lot of work to be done . "  We want football in this country to be played , managed , administered and watched by the cross section of England , " says Kick it Out 's Danny Lynch . "  We do n't have that . We 've got no openly gay players , we 've got two black managers from 92 clubs  now three following the appointment this week of Keith Curle at lower league Notts County  , very few Asian players and a lack of women at boardroom levels . "  So there 's an imbalance there and I think the work we do with all of the clubs and all of the agencies is try to address that in some way . " Remembering what 's most important Liverpool 's Luis Suarez has already served an eight-match ban for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra last October , while Chelsea 's John Terry has been stripped of the England captaincy ahead of a July court case in which he faces charges of similarly denigrating a black opponent . Best , for one , hopes that the world 's most popular sport can focus on living up to its name -- "  the beautiful game . " "  I think the most important thing to remember about soccer , with all of the foolishness that is going on with the racism and stuff like that , the minute a goal is scored , I can be as black as the ace of spades or I can be as white as a snow flake ... the minute a goal is scored , everybody hugs one another . "  The most important thing to remember is that the ball does n't care what color you are . "	CNN investigates the problem of racism in soccer in a new documentary England has been particularly hit by recent incidents involving racial abuse Black players have grown in prominence in England since the 1970s The English Premier League is now one of the most multicultural of any nation
CNN  -- Indiana ca n't kick all registered sex offenders off instant messaging services , chat rooms or social networking sites like Facebook , a federal appeals court ruled Wednesday . The state passed a law in 2008 that was aimed at keeping predators from trolling the Internet for new victims . But that law "  broadly prohibits substantial protected speech rather than specifically targeting the evil of improper communications to minors , " a three-judge panel of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals concluded . State courts can impose limits on social media as a condition of a sex offender 's probation or parole , but a "  blanket ban " on Internet use violates the First Amendment 's guarantee of free expression , the judges found . A district judge in Indianapolis had upheld the law in June , but federal courts in at least two other states -- Nebraska and Louisiana -- struck down similar state laws in 2012 . The Indiana chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union challenged the statute on behalf of an offender identified only as "  John Doe , " who had served 21 months in prison for child exploitation . "  Doe " was released in 2003 and is n't on parole or probation , but was covered by the state ban . Ken Falk , the group 's legal director , said Indiana already has laws on the books barring the solicitiation of children , with enhanced penalties for inappropriate communications online . The law overturned Wednesday barred the "  completely innocent " use of social media , he said . "  If you wanted to participate in a chat room to work around a candidate , you ca n't do that , " he said . "  If you want to follow the pope on Twitter , you ca n't do that . " News websites increasingly require commenters to log in via a social network , and Falk said "  Doe " could n't supervise his own child 's use of social media under the law . Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller said his office has not decided whether to appeal the ruling . "  The Indiana Legislature made a policy decision in 2008 that the state 's reasonable interests in protecting children from predators outweighed the interest of allowing convicted sex offenders to troll social media for information , " Zoeller said in a statement issued by his office . "  We have worked with county sheriffs and prosecutors in our defense of the legal challenges to these protections of our children , and we will need to review this 7th Circuit ruling to determine the state 's next steps . " Facebook , the largest social media platform , already bars sex offenders from using the site under its Statement of Rights and Responsibilities states . It also prohibits children under 13 and multiple accounts on the site . In the past , Facebook has worked with various states on legislation to help law enforcement find , prosecute and convict sexual predators who attempt to use the site . Defense battles social media blizzard in Ohio rape case	NEW : The Indiana law banned "  completely innocent " conduct , the ACLU argued NEW : The state 's attorney general said the law protected "  reasonable interests " Indiana ca n't slap a "  blanket ban " on social media for sex offenders , court finds Federal judges have struck down similar bans in Nebraska and Louisiana
Washington  CNN  -- Retired U.S. Army Gen. David Petraeus , who served as the top U.S. commander in Iraq and Afghanistan , was sworn in Tuesday as the new director of the Central Intelligence Agency . Petraeus -- sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden at the White House -- succeeds Leon Panetta , who is now the secretary of defense . At a ceremony marking his retirement from the military last week , Petraeus said his journey with the military was not coming to an end , even though he and his wife were "  about to begin an exciting new journey with another extraordinary organization . " President Barack Obama has cited Petraeus ' experience in working with the CIA on counterinsurgency efforts in the field as a reason for his nomination as the agency 's director . As the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Petraeus was dubbed "  King David " for turning around what seemed like a losing battle . He took over in Afghanistan in July 2010 after the retirement of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , whose departure came on the heels of unflattering remarks he made about administration officials in a Rolling Stone magazine article . On July 18 , Petraeus handed over Afghan command to Gen. John Allen . Petraeus graduated in 1974 from West Point and began his career as a second lieutenant in the infantry . He went on to become arguably the most influential general of his generation , and Esquire magazine called him one of the most influential people of the 21st century . "  I wanted this job , " Petraeus said at his Senate confirmation hearing . "  I am taking off the uniform I have worn for 37 years to do this the right way . "	NEW : Petraeus is sworn in as CIA director Petraeus succeeds Leon Panetta , who is now the U.S. secretary of defense Petraeus was the top U.S. commander in Iraq and Afghanistan Obama cited Petraeus ' work with the CIA on counterinsurgency efforts in the field
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The high speed , high-rolling world of Formula One is not a sport you would associate with something as mundane as the boiler tucked away in a dusty cupboard in your house . The Fast Forward exhibiton shows how F1 technology can improve all our lives . If you thought that motor racing and the real world are poles apart then an exhibition currently running at the Science Museum in London , England might change your mind . The "  Fast Forward " exhibition has put together 20 examples of how Formula One technology and innovation has helped improve the wider world . It is testimony to all the hard work , intelligence and ingenuity of the engineers who make the sport what it is today , according to Katie Maggs , one of the exhibition 's curators . "  Rather than treating it as a traditional design exhibition , we wanted to look at how the engineers in Formula One use technology in ways that can be experienced in other industries , in the home or in hospitals . " The "  Boiler Buddy " is a good example of Formula One technology that can be found in the home . Designed to help improve the efficiency of home heating systems , the technology uses the magnetic principles which informed the filter that keeps F1 engines free of particles of dirt and dust . The filter device can be found on the shelves of many hardware stores . There is an impressive variety of objects on display . A bicycle fitted with sensors to monitor wheel speed , angles of lean , heart rate and humidity while riding , is a direct descendant of the sensors attached to Formula One cars which track the performance . The Carbon fibre composite chassis design first introduced into Formula One by McLaren engineer John Barnard in the 1984 has found its way into a range of products outside the sport . Lightweight and incredibly robust , technology using carbon fibre composites are being used to create state-of-the-art furniture . An elegant table on show at the exhibition has a carbon fibre surface that is just two millimeters thick . But it is perhaps in the healthcare sector where Formula One is making its most impressive and important contributions . Inspired by the monocoque cockpit which keeps drivers safe , the BabyPod II is allowing paramedics to transport newborns quickly and safely . The Ovei -- a pod-like structure designed to help capture healthcare data and transmit results to doctors and therapists around the world -- is also made from carbon-fibre composites . A wheelchair , designed by Formula One engineer Mike Spindle , improves not only the safety of a user , but also their comfort and mobility thanks the monocoque structure at its heart . View a gallery of the F1 innovations " "  The one-piece carbon fibre seat can be molded to fit the user , " Maggs said . "  Because it is carbon fibre the wheels can be fixed further forward and at an angle which makes it easier for the user to get around . " Some of the sport 's innovations are n't necessarily tangible , but are delivering improvements to hospital patients all the same . Using the expertise of McLaren and Ferrari 's pit stop crews , Great Ormond Street Hospital in London has been able to improve the efficiency of patient handovers from one department to another by up to 40 percent . When the exhibition was officially opened by former McLaren team principal , Ron Dennis earlier this year it attracted the sort of media scrum usually witnessed on the grid prior to a race . Watch CNN 's coverage of the exhibition opening " As the exhibition shows , Formula One is about improving performance . If that eventually filters down into products and services that we can all benefit from then that ca n't be a bad thing .	Science Museum , London hosting a exhibition of innovations inspired by F1 design Monocoque wheelchair uses lightweight and robust carbon fiber seat Ferrari and McLaren pit stop expertise help hospital speed up transfer of critically ill
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Barely a year after the country celebrated its return to democracy , Pakistan is ensnared in a new political crisis . Riot police block a street on Thursday leading to a court building in Karachi , Pakistan . Thousands of lawyers planned a four-day march to the country 's capital , Islamabad , on Thursday , demanding that the government immediately reinstate judges whom the previous president ousted . The protesters plan a sit-in at the parliament building on Monday , and say they will continue their demonstrations indefinitely until their demands are met . At the same time , the country 's main opposition leader and his supporters have joined in the nationwide protests , but for reasons of their own . The government responded by banning political demonstrations in two of the country 's biggest provinces -- Punjab and Sindh . It also detained several hundred activists Wednesday . The political chaos has forced the government 's attention away from a deadly fundamentalist insurgency in its tribal areas and an economy that 's on the verge of collapse . To understand the reasons behind Pakistan 's latest political chaos , one needs to keep three central characters in mind : What do the lawyers want ? The lawyers want President Zardari to live up to a promise to reinstate judges sacked by former President Musharraf . Musharraf fired about 60 judges when he declared a state of emergency in November 2007 . The fired judges include 14 of 18 judges who sat on the Supreme Court , including Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry . Critics say Musharraf sacked the judges because they were preparing to rule against the legitimacy of his third term in office . He had been re-elected president by a parliament stacked with his supporters , they said . After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office . The deadline came and went . Why have the judges not been reinstated ? One reason behind the delay , some experts have surmised , may be that the Supreme Court was expected to look into the controversial amnesty granted to former PPP leader Benazir Bhutto and her husband and current party head , Zardari , for corruption charges . When Bhutto was prime minister , Zardari was accused many times of corruption , stealing from government coffers and accepting kickbacks . Pakistanis derisively labeled him "  Mr. 10 percent . " Zardari said the cases were politically motivated . He spent several years in jail on the charges but was never convicted . Bhutto herself faced corruption charges in at least five cases , but was not convicted . In October 2007 , with his popularity plummeting and under pressure from the West to hold elections , Musharraf allowed Bhutto to return from exile and participate by granting her and her husband amnesty . Bhutto was assassinated during a campaign rally . Her husband became head of the party and the new president of Pakistan . Why is the opposition protesting ? The country 's second-biggest party , the Pakistan Muslim League -- N  PML-N  , is led by opposition leader and former Prime Minister Sharif . Last month , the Supreme Court ruled that Sharif can not hold public office , citing a criminal record that dates to the late 1990s . The court also stripped Sharif 's brother , Shahbaz , from his post as chief minister of Punjab -- the Sharif party 's power center . The Sharifs condemned the court 's decision as politically motivated . They accuse the court of acting at the behest of Zardari . Adding to their outrage , Zardari suspended Punjab 's parliament and imposed executive rule there for two months . The Zardari administration said the executive rule was needed to maintain stability in the province . Supporters of PML-N have rallied in large numbers opposing the ruling . Why did the court bar Nawaz Sharif from elected office ? The case against Sharif dates to the late 1990s , when he was prime minister . At the time , Musharraf was military chief . And Sharif feared Musharraf was plotting his ouster . When Musharraf was returning home from an overseas trip , Sharif refused the airliner to land . That order eventually led to Sharif 's conviction for hijacking and treason when Musharraf took power in a bloodless coup . Separately , Sharif also was convicted of corruption . He went into exile instead of prison , but returned to Pakistan to challenge Musharraf 's rule in late 2007 . However , the election commission barred Sharif from the parliamentary race . His brother , Shahbaz , was shut out because of financial irregularities , the commission said . The Supreme Court upheld the commission 's decisions . What does the turmoil mean for Pakistan ? The renewed tensions threaten to take the focus away from the government 's attempts to quash an escalating pro-Taliban insurgency in the country . At the same time , Pakistan 's economy is in shambles . The worsening security situation is part of the reason . Rising food and oil prices have also contributed to the crisis . In November , the International Monetary Fund approved a $ 7.6 billion loan to Pakistan to help the South Asian country of 170 million people avoid an economic collapse . Many in Pakistan worry that the latest turmoil could once again force the army on to the streets if it worsens . In its 61-year history , Pakistan has been under army rule more than half the time . For now , Gen. Ashfaq Kayani has said he will not interfere in political matters .	Pakistan 's main opposition will join protests demanding reinstatement of judges Political protests may divert attention from efforts against pro-Taliban insurgency Nation has been under military rule for more than half of its 61-year history
CNN  -- J.J. Abrams wo n't say much about the next "  Star Wars " film , which he is directing â $ " though info about casting and the story has piled up in bits and pieces . Now a new bit , from Abrams ' himself : At a Berlin press conference for "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " an entrepreneurial audience member asked the filmmaker about longtime collaborator and composer Michael Giacchino , who has provided the score for most every major Abrams work . The audience member asked : Would Giacchino also do the score for "  Star Wars ? " The short answer : No â $ " John Williams , most famous for composing the six other "  Star Wars " films , will , probably . The longer answer : Michael Giacchino is great ! But so is John Williams ! ` Veep ' renewed by HBO for season 3 Abrams was caught on tape saying this , so it 'll be hard for him to drape it in much mystery , though questions persist : Have they had a formal meeting about working together ? Requests to both Abrams and Williams for comment were not immediately returned . Updates to come . ` American Idol ' : Top 4 Power List revisited See Abrams ' full comments about Giacchino and Williams below : Can you talk a little about Michael Giacchino 's music and will he be scoring Star Wars too , or not ? Michael Giacchino is an incredible composer who I was lucky enough to begin working with on Alias . He was doing videogame soundtracks and we started working together then and have done a number of films and television series since . He is brilliant and it 's very easy for me to say to him , looking at a scene , "  Okay , this scene needs to be about the conflict between these characters . It 's got to be hopeful but you also have to feel that there 's a tension still . " I can say all these ridiculous things and he has to listen and say "  okay " and go off and come back and present music that invariably does that but so much more . He 's truly one of the most influential members of our crew and I think this score , he just really out did himself , especially with the score for Benedict 's character . I think that suite that he wrote was just brilliant . Again , for Star Wars it is very early days to know but I believe that going forward John Williams will be doing that film , because apparently he was there long before I was . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Director J.J. Abrams wo n't say much about the next "  Star Wars " film At a Berlin press conference , someone asked if Giacchino would do the score Abrams said John Williams , who 's composed the other "  Star Wars " films , likely will
Tokyo  CNN  -- A massive typhoon crossed over Okinawa on Sunday , bringing winds more ferocious than even the typhoon-weary Japanese island has seen in decades . Typhoon Bolaven , with wind gusts that reached as high as 259 kilometers per hour  161 mph  , is the strongest to strike the region in nearly 50 years . And with a cloud field of 2,000 kilometers  1,250 miles  , it is 20 times larger than Okinawa 's length . "  It 's been very , very severe , " said storm chaser James Reynolds , who was on the northwestern coast of the island during the worst of the storm . Tree branches were flying through the air amid torrential rain , he said . Speaking to CNN early Monday morning on Okinawa , Reynolds said , "  It 's been a long and rough night . " "  The eye of the typhoon actually crashed ashore just after dark . ... Like the rest of the population we all just kind of holed up in the strong and sturdy buildings which make up Okinawa , " he said . The infrastructure on Okinawa is designed to withstand violent storms . "  Everything 's made of solid concrete , " said Reynolds . The last storm of this scale was Typhoon Naha in 1956 . At 3 a.m. Monday local time  2 p.m. ET Sunday  , Bolaven had winds of 194 kilometers per hour , with gusts at 240 kilometers per hour , CNN International meteorologist Jennifer Delgado reported . Bolaven could make landfall at the Korean peninsula on Tuesday morning , or potentially in South Korea on Monday night , Delgado said . Isaac near hurricane strength ; watch extends to Louisiana In the meantime , rainfall totals in Okinawa could top 500 mm  20 inches  in 24 hours , said CNN International meteorologist Tom Sater . Bolaven is "  roughly the size of France to Poland in land mass , " said Sater . Time : Most destructive U.S. hurricanes Storm surges were expected to be a major problem for Okinawa . More than 400,000 people in the area live at elevations less than 50 meters  164 feet  . "  The large battering waves on both sides of Okinawa are going to be a threat to people living near the water , " Reynolds predicted . "  But I think the worst has passed now . The storm is moving away and unfortunately it 's the people in the Korean peninsula who look like they 've got to prepare for the incoming storm . " Taiwan , meanwhile , could be in for a pounding due to something called the Fujiwhara effect . Typhoon Tembin made landfall in southern Taiwan a few days ago , and was expected to work its way toward Hong Kong . But Bolaven , which is much stronger , has stopped Tembin 's movement toward Hong Kong and has been spinning it around . Tembin is likely to make a second landfall in southern Taiwan , also on Tuesday morning . "  As Typhoon Bolaven moves northward towards the Yellow Sea , it will drag Tembin toward the China coast very near Shanghai , " said Sater . "  That 's an amazing change in direction . " Are you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . Photos : Finding beauty in violent storms CNN 's Ralitsa Vassileva and CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's been a long and rough night , " storm chaser says Bolaven crosses over Okinawa It is the strongest typhoon in the region since 1956 Typhoon Bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of Okinawa
CNN  Forget the pyramids , Tahrir Square and the Nile . Egypt is ready to ditch Cairo and build a shiny new capital if the government has its way . Fed up with pollution , traffic gridlock , a packed population with soaring rents and creaking infrastructure , Egypt is teaming up with a developer in the United Arab Emirates to build a city in what could be one of the world 's most ambitious infrastructure programs . The yet-to-be-named city will spread out over 150 square miles , or roughly the size of Denver , and could eventually be home to 7 million people , the developers and government announced Friday . The current capital of Cairo , while full of history and vibrant charm , is home to more than 18 million people , and living in and getting around the city can be maddening and frustrating . The government says the idea is to reduce congestion in Cairo , which is projected to double in population in the coming decades . An exact location was not announced , but the city is expected to be built east of Cairo . It will be closer to the Red Sea -- between two major highways -- the Suez and the Ain Sokhna roads . The ambitions are big . In addition to the new embassies and government buildings , it plans to have an international airport bigger than Heathrow , solar energy farms , 40,000 hotel rooms , nearly 2,000 schools and 18 hospitals -- all linked together by over 6,000 miles of new roads . But if the dream is big , the bill will be bigger . The total cost is estimated at U.S. $ 45 billion , Minister of Housing Mostafa Madbouly announced at an economic development conference in Sharm el-Sheikh . The unveiling of the new capital was paired with a glitzy website with renderings showing a lush and technological urban scape of glass towers and pools . The plan is backed by a group that describes itself as "  a private real estate investment fund by global investors focused on investment and development partnerships " led by Emirati developer Mohamed Alabbar . Alabbar made his name as the founder of Dubai 's Emaar Properties , primarily known for developing the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa . Egypt is not the first country to plan on moving its capital from established big cities to rural greener pastures . Myanmar has only recently completed its move from crumbling Yangon to the new city of Naypyidaw . Nigeria moved to Abuja in the 1990 's , and Brazil carved its capital Brasilia out of the wilderness over 50 years ago . And then there was another crazy idea of building a capital on a square of swampland that seemed mainly to be a boondoggle for wealthy land speculators at the time . That city ? Washington , D.C.	The yet-to-be-named city will be roughly the size of Denver Developers say it could eventually be home to 7 million people
CNN  -- Kimchi-making season is upon South Korea , with grocery stores besieged with housewives snapping up buckets of giant cabbages , salt and red pepper powder -- or more often these days buying pre-made kimchi so they do n't have to go to the trouble . In one of Seoul 's more unusual sights , 3,000 housewives marked the start of the period in which the ingredients are at their freshest , with the country 's biggest kimchi-making event to date in front of Seoul 's City Plaza on Wednesday . Armed with aprons , rubber gloves and sanitary shower caps , the women stuffed and spiced a whopping 61,700 cabbages to provide 25,000 families with their essential side dish -- that 's 250 tons of fermented spicy cabbage . The mayor of Seoul presided over the festival , which was a charity event started by a Busan Yakult saleswoman in 2001 to provide kimchi to poorer households , and evolved into an annual national event in 2008 , according to Korean daily Joongang Ilbo . The numbers are so large , organizers announced they 're approaching Guinness to establish a new World Record category . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	It 's kimchi season in South Korea A record number of housewives turned out for the country 's largest kimchi charity event 250 tons of kimchi are being donated to poor households
O.J. Simpson is staying behind bars . The former football star and media celebrity -- who some know best for his having stood trial in the killing of his ex-wife -- on Tuesday lost his latest legal fight , as a Nevada judge upheld his conviction on kidnapping , armed robbery and other charges . Simpson 's legal team 's bid , which followed an unsuccessful "  direct appeal , " asked for a new trial on 22 specific grounds related to his trial and appeal . But they did n't sway Clark County Judge Linda Marie Bell , who sided against Simpson point-by-point-by-point . "  Given the overwhelming amount of evidence , " Bell wrote , "  neither the errors in this case , nor the errors collectively , cause this court to question the validity of Mr. Simpson 's conviction . " His current legal team expressed dissatisfaction with the ruling . "  We 're shocked and disappointed , " said Patricia Palm , one of his attorneys . "  We 're convinced the law provides relief for Mr. Simpson . " The Heisman Trophy winner , as college football best player , and Pro Football Hall of Fame member had starred as a TV commentator , in commercials and in movies after his retirement from the sport . Simpson pleads with Nevada parole board to cut prison term Yet he found himself accused of murder in 1994 , following the killing of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ronald Goldman . After a lengthy , high-profile trial , a jury acquitted him in that case . But Simpson 's life hardly returned to normal . He lost a civil trial brought against him in the deaths , and was ordered to pay millions in punitive damages -- including $ 33 million to Goldman 's estate , according to Tuesday 's ruling . Years of legal fights ensued ; by 2007 , the Goldman and Brown families had yet to collect any money from Simpson , according to their lawyers . That September , Simpson and several others went into a Las Vegas hotel room to get sports memorabilia Simpson said belonged to him . The six men confronted the dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley , brandishing weapons , but not firing them . Simpson , 66 , insisted he was going after what was rightfully his , saying he regrets only bringing along men "  who I did n't know and one I did n't trust . " The jury did n't trust his side 's arguments , finding Simpson guilty on 12 counts , including kidnapping and armed robbery . He was sentenced to up to 33 years in prison . A parole board partly reduced his sentence early this year , though he still has at least four more years to serve . This latest appeal attempted to throw out the conviction for several reasons , most of them related to his defense team . Simpson claimed his one-time lawyer , Yale Galanter , had a conflict of interest in the case , his lawyers improperly advised him not to testify , did n't tell him of prosecutors ' plea offer and did n't present "  voluntary intoxication " as a defense . One of the grounds was particularly sweeping , with Simpson asserting that his attorneys did n't properly address "  judicial misconduct , prosecutorial misconduct and the admission of prejudicial evidence , " before citing several specific instances . But as with each of the other claims , Bell did n't accept his arguments . "  Mr. Simpson has failed to provide any evidence supporting his claim for ineffective assistance of trial counsel , " she wrote about this matter , specifically . "  Consequently this claim is denied . " Documentary : Serial killer , not O.J. , killed Simpson and Goldman	O.J. Simpson had asked for a new trial , 5 years after his robbery , kidnapping conviction He cited 22 specific grounds , chiefly saying that his lawyers failed to represent him well The Nevada judge rules against him , pointing to "  the overwhelming amount of evidence " One of Simpson 's current lawyers says "  we 're shocked and disappointed "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The California man believed to be the maker of an anti-Islam film that ignited a firestorm in the Muslim world was cooperative when authorities escorted him to a voluntary interview , officials said Saturday . "  It was all choreographed , " said Steve Whitmore of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . "  He was ready and willing and very cooperative . " The overnight meeting with a probation officer came a day after federal officials said they were reviewing the probation of Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , who was convicted of bank fraud in 2010 and placed on supervised probation for five years . Clinton demands Arab Spring nations protect embassies Federal officials consider Nakoula to be the filmmaker behind the anti-Islam "  Innocence of Muslims . " Whitmore told CNN that Nakoula left the local sheriff 's station after the federal officials were done interviewing him . "  He is gone and he is free , " he said of Nakoula , who was bundled up in a coat , hat and white scarf as he was escorted from his house . Nakoula decided to cover himself , Whitmore told CNN affiliate KCAL/KCBS . Whitmore earlier dismissed reports that Nakoula had been arrested , saying he was never in handcuffs or in custody . Karen Redmond , a spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , said Friday that Nakoula 's federal probation was under review . Redmond did n't provide details of why or when the probation review was initiated , or how long the process would take . While on probation , Nakoula ca n't access computers or any device that can access the Internet without approval from his probation officer . Nakoula served one year in federal prison at Lompoc , California , but officials could n't immediately determine whether Nakoula paid any of the court-ordered restitution of $ 794,700 , according to probation department officials and court records . Since notice of the film spread through YouTube , Nakoula has been out of public view and ensconced with his family in their home in Cerritos , California , where journalists have been gathered seeking information about his elusive background . Cerritos is about a 20-mile drive southeast of downtown Los Angeles . The movie , backed by hardcore anti-Islam groups in the United States , is a low-budget project that was ignored in the United States when trailers were posted on YouTube in July . But after Egyptian television aired certain segments , violent protests erupted in Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Iran , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories . Violent mobs attacked the U.S. Consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi , leaving the ambassador and three other American men dead . Navy SEALs among dead The amateurish film portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , buffoon , ruthless killer and child molester . Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed , and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world . The FBI contacted the filmmaker this week because of the potential for threats but he is not under investigation , a federal law enforcement official told CNN Thursday . One of the few public reports about Nakoula emerged this week when he called the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Wednesday night to report a disturbance , said Whitmore . Nakoula wanted local police to protect him . When news of his movie first broke , the filmmaker identified himself as Sam Bacile and told the Wall Street Journal that he was a 52-year-old Israeli-American real estate developer from California . He said Jewish donors had financed his film . But Israel 's Foreign Ministry said there was no record of a Sam Bacile with Israeli citizenship . A production staff member who worked on the film in its initial stages told CNN that an entirely different name was filed on the paperwork for the Screen Actors Guild : Abenob Nakoula Bassely . A public records search showed an Abanob B. Nakoula residing at the same address as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula . He believed the filmmaker was a Coptic Christian and when the two spoke on the phone during production , the filmmaker said he was in Alexandria , Egypt , raising money for the film . Staff and crew of film that ridiculed Muslims say they were ` grossly misled ' In Egypt , tension has emerged in recent decades between Muslims and the minority Copts . Another staffer who worked on the film said he knew the producer as Sam Bassil . That 's how he signed a personal check to pay staff . When CNN inquired about Sam Bassil , the U.S. Attorney 's Office sent a copy of a 2009 indictment . Those court documents showed the bank fraud conviction for Nakoula Basseley Nakoula . In his interview with the Wall Street Journal , the filmmaker characterized his movie as "  a political effort to call attention to the hypocrisies of Islam . " "  Islam is a cancer , " he said . "  The movie is a political movie . It 's not a religious movie . " Have you witnessed attacks at U.S. embassies ? Share your images , videos and stories . CNN 's Amanda Watts , Michael Martinez and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Filmmaker was "  very cooperative , " authorities say Nakoula Basseley Nakoula leaves sheriff 's office after interview with probation officer Nakoula served a year in federal prison for bank fraud A review of his federal probation is ongoing
CNN  -- Those early birds who start their day with a visit to Facebook were met Thursday morning with a rare error message : The social media giant appeared to be down . News of the widespread outage spread on Twitter around 4 a.m. ET and lasted for about 30 minutes . The outage impacted both Facebook 's website and its mobile apps . "  Sorry , something went wrong , " read the error message , which appeared when users tried to access Facebook . "  We 're working on getting this fixed as soon as we can . " By daybreak on the East Coast of the U.S. , all was well . But it was a rare blip for the world 's most popular social platform , which co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has famously vowed would never crash . "  Earlier this morning , we experienced an issue that prevented people from posting to Facebook for a brief period of time , " Facebook spokesman Iain Waterman told CNN . "  We resolved the issue quickly , and we are now back to 100 % . We 're sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused . " New Facebook app forces you to trade messages So what do Facebook 's 1.2 billion users do when the network is down ? Some of them flocked to Twitter , of course . Analytics site Topsy showed that tweets with the words "  Facebook " and "  down , " usually barely a blip on the screen , rocketed to over 70,000 in Thursday 's early hours . While some users bemoaned their inability to access Facebook , many took a lighter look at the issue . "  Either Facebook is down or Mark Zuckerberg just set everything to PRIVATE , " humor site 9GAG posted . They followed up minutes later : "  Facebook users are now roaming the streets in tears , showing photos of themselves in people 's faces & screaming ` DO YOU LIKE THIS ? DO YOU ? " A fate worse than social-media death , to be sure . "  A moment of silence for all of those who had to interact face to face #facebookdown , "  added user @topsupstore . But what of the vital information Facebook provides ? "  Facebook went down and I momentarily had no idea what someone I worked with in 2005 's dog had been doing this morning , " someone tweeted under the handle @cluedont .	Facebook was down for about 30 minutes early Thursday The site , and its apps , were offline around 4 a.m. ET Users flocked to Twitter to complain , joke
CNN  -- A Las Vegas cabbie had no second thoughts when he found $ 300,000 in cash in a brown paper bag in his cab this week . He made sure it was returned to the forgetful owner . "  I do n't care from $ 10 to higher . My dignity is not for sale , and that 's the way I am . That 's the way our parents taught us when I was a kid , " cabbie Gerardo Gamboa told CNN affiliate KVVU . "  All I wanted to do was just call my dispatcher and return it , and this is the only chance I have to show cab drivers in Las Vegas are not bad people . " The loser of the money -- at least temporarily , thanks to Gamboa 's good deed -- was a famous 28-year-old professional poker player , whom officials were n't publicly identifying , according to another CNN affiliate , KLAS . The gambler was so devastated at his loss Monday that "  he wanted to shoot himself in the head , " a cab company official told KLAS . "  He was grateful . He was very understanding ; he was n't irritated . To a point he was irritated , but he was n't mad or aggressive or anything . Maybe a little more embarrassed than anything . I mean , he left $ 300,000 in a cab , but he was an awesome guy , " Yellow Checker Star field operations manager Joel Willden told KVVU . The chief operating officer of the cab company described the sum as the most found in a cab in his 32 years in the business . "  We had to be as a company extremely cautious that the right person got the money , " cab firm CEO Bill Shranko told KLAS . "  It 's the Christmas season and we think it 's the best story that I 've seen in 32 years , and cab drivers worldwide are going to be very proud . " It all began when Gamboa drove a man about two miles between casino-hotels , from the Cosmopolitan on the Las Vegas Strip to Palms Place , KLAS reported . The man gave him a $ 5 tip . Gamboa then went back to the Strip -- the Bellagio casino-hotel . "  When the doorman at the Bellagio opened up the door for the next passenger , he said , ` There 's a bag in here . It 's full of chocolate , ' " Gamboa told KLAS . When he opened the bag , Gamboa was stunned at the six bundles of $ 100 bills inside . His next fare was already in the cab , and Gamboa told the passenger , "  Look sir , you are my witness . I did n't touch anything here , " Gamboa told KLAS . Meanwhile , the poker player went to the cab company looking for his lost money . Gamboa took the small fortune to the office of his Nevada cab company , which contacted authorities . After a four-hour police investigation , officials confirmed the gambler was the rightful owner of the money , KLAS reported . Yellow Check Star gave Gamboa a $ 1,000 reward , made him driver of the year , and gave him a steak dinner for two , the affiliates reported . "  I did the right thing , that 's it , " Gamboa told KLAS . "  They call us sin city . But it 's not . It 's angel city . " Rabbi returns $ 98,000 he found in desk he bought on Craigslist	NEW : Unidentified gambler who left $ 300k in cab is a famous professional , age 28 NEW : "  I did the right thing , that 's it , " cabbie tell KLAS NEW : Gambler was devastated at his absentmindedness , cab firm official says NEW : "  They call us sin city . But it 's not . It 's angel city , " cab driver says
CNN  -- A Southern California firefighter ended up in handcuffs this week after he disagreed with a highway patrol officer on where to park a fire engine . The California Highway Patrol detained engineer Jacob Gregoire of the Chula Vista Fire Department for about 30 minutes after he refused to move an engine partially blocking a lane , CNN affiliate KFMB reported . It was there to help protect ambulance crews treating people injured in a rollover accident on Interstate 805 . The same officer also asked firefighters with two other engines at the accident to leave the scene . They complied with the request . Fire Chief Dave Hanneman stood by the crew that remained . "  We do n't know what was going through the officer 's mind , " Hanneman told CNN affiliate KSWB . "  From our perspective , our engineer was out there doing what they 're trained to do and doing everything right to take care of patient care and protect that scene . " The incident prompted a meeting between CHP and Chula Vista officials Wednesday . In a joint statement released after the session , they called the officer 's detention an "  unfortunate incident , " labeling it "  an isolated incident and not representative of the manner in which our agencies normally work together toward our common goal . " The statement promised the incident will be a topic of future joint training sessions between the two agencies .	The firefighter was cuffed at the scene of a rollover accident The highway patrol officer asked three fire engines to leave Two complied , but the engineer of the third one refused The California Highway Patrol and Chula Vista FD called it an "  isolated incident "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- NBA player Ron Artest , who gained infamy in 2004 when he jumped into the stands and punched a fan during a game-stopping brawl between fans and players , is seeking public redemption by raffling off his new NBA championship ring for charity . The proceeds , which he hopes will exceed $ 1 millon , will be used to fund mental health services for youths who ca n't afford the counseling . Artest became a poster boy for NBA bad behavoir after the 2004 melee , which resulted in his being suspended for 73 games , amounting to a loss of about $ 6 million in salary , he said . Artest was then playing with the Indiana Pacers , against the home team Detroit Pistons . Upon his return to the NBA , Artest bounced around from the Sacramento Kings to the Houston Rockets and eventually landing with the Los Angeles Lakers , which won the NBA championship last season . It was during the victory celebration that Artest publicly credited a mental health professional with turning his life around , and now he wants to further public acceptance for people in need of mental health care . His court-order anger management therapy transformed him , he said . "  A great psychologist made me reach deep , deep into my lies , deep , deep into my vices . Then I had to tell my wife everything . That totally changed my life , " Artest said , who 's a father of four . As one of the league 's premier defenders , Artest made few excuses for his admittedly aggressive behavior , but then a secret slipped out . In front of the largest global TV audience ever for an NBA final game , Artest surprised viewers with an announcement : "  I want to thank my psychiatrist . " With those words , he opened up his personal life , and as a sports celebrity , he took a step toward destigmatizing mental health care , observed Rep. Grace Napolitano , D-California . Napolitano enlisted the help of the NBA star to push the Mental Health in Schools Act , which would provide $ 200 million in funding for on-site counseling for students with mental health issues . Artest is also an aspiring rapper . In a recent CNN interview , he revealed that while he publicly thanked a psychiatrist , he actually sees a psychologist . "  I did n't know the difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist , " he said . "  Having someone to talk to is very important . And there 's no shame in asking for help , " Artest said . When he was 13 , his parents split up . "  As a kid , I had a bad temper , " Artest said . "  As an adult , I was a bad father , and I had to speak to somebody about that . " Artest kicked off his online raffle Wednesday night with a scheduled appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Wealthy celebrities have offered to buy his ring outright , but Artest wanted all fans to have a chance at winning his ring . So he decided to hold an online raffle in which all bidders will enjoy a fair shot at the ring . He and his teammates received their rings in a ceremony Tuesday evening before their game against the Houston Rockets in Los Angeles . Artest said he will try not to wear his first and only NBA championship ring , so that the raffle winner will be the first person to put on the diamond-encrusted ring . Watch Larry King Live Monday through Sunday 9pm ET . For the latest from Larry King Live click here .	The NBA bad boy credits a psychologist with turning around his life Now Ron Artest wants to raise money for youths who ca n't afford mental health care He and the Los Angeles Lakers just received their championship rings Tuesday Artest : "  Having someone to talk to is very important "
