Madrid  CNN  -- A man arrested in Madrid on suspicion of planning an attack against a demonstration to protest the visit of Pope Benedict XVI was a volunteer for the papal visit 's organizing committee , a committee senior spokesman said Wednesday . The suspect was arrested on Tuesday at the IFEMA fairgrounds by plainclothes police officers as he was about to receive a backpack and a green shirt worn by volunteers , said the spokesman , Rafa Rubio , the communications director for World Youth Day , told CNN . A police statement Tuesday said a man studying chemistry in Madrid was arrested on suspicion he was planning an attack against a march set to protest the high cost of the visit of the pope to the Spanish capital starting Thursday , the police said . The suspect "  planned to attack using noxious gases and other chemical substances , " the national police said in a statement . The alleged target was a protest march set for Wednesday evening in Madrid , on the eve of the pope 's four-day visit . A police spokeswoman on Wednesday said the suspect is a Mexican national . The police statement said the suspect was studying general organic chemistry at Spain 's government-backed Higher Council for Scientific Investigations . Rubio said the suspect , age 24 , had completed the process to become a volunteer for World Youth Day and he added that the arresting officers at the volunteer check-in area were so discreet that many in the World Youth Day organization were not aware of what had happened until hours later . The man is no longer a volunteer , Rubio said . "  His apparent thinking is not in the spirit of Christianity , " Rubio said . "  World Youth Day rejects all violence . " World Youth Day has 30,000 volunteers , many of them from outside of Spain . At the suspect 's home in the upscale Salamanca neighborhood of the capital , police seized a laptop computer , a portable memory device and two notebooks with notes about chemical procedures which were not related to his official studies , the statement said . The suspect also allegedly was trying to recruit adherents through the Internet . The police statement said citizen collaboration helped lead police to the man . The cost of the pope 's visit to Spain , suffering a deep economic crisis with nearly 21 % unemployment , has been top news here in recent days . Benedict XVI is coming to World Youth Day , a weeklong series of religious events that the Roman Catholic Church organizes internationally every three years , last held in Sydney , Australia . Organizers expect at least a million youth for the event and Madrid 's streets already are filled with many thousands of young Catholics from around the globe , carrying their national flags . Organizers say the $ 70 million cost is totally paid by the young people and corporate sponsors -- with no cost to the taxpayer . But others in Spain say there are substantial hidden public costs , including the 10,000 police officers on duty for security , the use of the Cuatro Vientos military air base for Mass , and a discount for visiting Catholic youth on the city 's metro , at the same time as regular metro fares have risen sharply . Critics including Spanish groups called Christian Networks , Lay Europe and a third run by atheists convened a protest march over the costs on Wednesday , and they said they expect up to 10,000 people .	Wednesday march meant to criticize costs of pope 's visit Suspect planned to use noxious gases against protesters , police say Pope to visit Madrid for World Youth Day
CNN  -- Syrian security forces have committed "  gross violations of human rights " since anti-government protests began in March , a United Nations report released Monday said . The U.N. independent international commission on Syria 's assessment was based on interviews with 223 victims and witnesses , but observers were not allowed access to the country , the report said . According to the report , evidence "  documents patterns of summary execution , arbitrary arrest , enforced disappearance , torture , including sexual violence , as well as violations of children 's rights . " Military deserters told the commission that they had been ordered to shoot at unarmed protesters without warning , the report said . "  The commission reiterates its call for immediate and unhindered access to the Syrian Arab Republic , " the report said . Earlier this month , the United Nations High Commission for Human Rights estimated that government forces had killed at least 3,500 civilians . Syria 's government has consistently blamed armed gangs for the violence and said security forces are protecting the people . "  The Arabic Syrian military , which we are all proud of , has given martyrs in order to protect the life of civilians , " Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said Monday .	The commission says it interviewed witnesses , but was not allowed into Syria Its report says Syrian security forces have committed "  gross violations of human rights " Syria 's foreign minister says the country 's military is protecting civilians
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A disabled punk band has launched a campaign to fight for the rights of disabled people to be able to party late . Heavy Load are a UK-based punk band with three out of five members who are disabled . "  Heavy Load , " describe themselves as an "  anarcho-garage-punk " band and are made up of five musicians , one of whom has Downs Syndrome and two who have unspecified learning disabilities . Their campaign , "  Stay Up Late , " encourages carers to support disabled people who want to stay out past 10pm . Heavy Load 's manager and bass guitarist , Paul Richards , 39 , told CNN : "  The Stay Up Late " campaign is to raise awareness , and tackle the issue where disabled gig-goers end up going home at 9pm , therefore missing most of the evening , because their support workers finish their shifts at 10pm . "  We started the campaign because we 'd be playing a gig and something strange happens at 9pm when people would start to go home . We were also frustrated with asking to go on earlier in the evening so that our fans would still be there . It 's not very punk to go on at 8.30 pm , " he added . "  Stay up Late " has received widespread support from disabled people and the UK government , Richards said . Even carers who may be required to work later if the campaign is successful have offered their support . "  So far , we 've only had one or two support workers say that they do n't think they should be required to work unsociable hours , " Richards said . The group has also partnered with the UK 's leading learning disabilities charity Mencap , who they say have really helped to relay their message to a wider audience . Mencap and Heavy Load teamed up last week where the band headlined a concert in London for people with learning disabilities , giving them an opportunity to be involved in running a club night . See images from the concert " They concert was held in conjunction with London venue Proud Camden , and around 400 people attended the event which finished at 1am . Everyone at the event , from the door girl , to bar staff and cloakroom attendants , were people with learning disabilities , venue owner Alex Proud told CNN . "  It 's the first event of its kind for people with a learning disability and there was a real buzz about how people with learning disability are an untapped source in the entertainment industry . " He said : "  At these nights there is a lack of inhibitions . They tend to let their hair down and really know how to party ; it 's a hell of a lot of fun for all involved . Proud is eager to put on events that include people with a learning disability and to make the public more aware of this often overlooked group . "  Young people with learning disabilities want to go out , but they are not catered for in the entertainment industry , " he added . Heavy Load have been together for 13 years since meeting at the Southdown housing in England , a non-profit assisted-living community for people with learning disabilities . Vocalist Jimmy Nicholls , 62 , posted an advert and a week later the band including Michael White , 47  drums  Simon barker , 37  lead vocals  and Mick Williams , 47  guitar and vocals  was formed . Since then the band has gained many disabled and non-disabled fans and a successful documentary , "  Heavy Load , " has been made about their lives . Now they are looking forward to setting up the "  Stay Up Late " campaign around the world . Richards said : "  When we visited New York last year we were surprised to find that it 's an issue for people with learning disabilities to get out much at all -- so there is definitely a need there . "  We 've also been asked to go to Russia , Serbia , other parts of the U.S. , Scotland and Czech Republic to play and promote the campaign -- which we 'd love to do , but money 's tight , " he added . However , Richards insists the campaign is not about partying late every night . "  We do n't insist on people staying up late against their will -- just having the choice to do what they want to do ! "	Disabled punk bank Heavy Load have launched the "  Stay Up Late " campaign The band want disabled concert-goers to be able to enjoy gigs until the end Disabled people often have to leave gigs early when their carers ' shifts end Heavy Load played last week at a London club night run by disabled people
CNN  -- Air travelers usually are prepared for the occasional hectic and overcrowded flight . But all are hoping they 'll at least be able to sit down . Arthur Berkowitz , 57 , stood for the length of his US Airways flight in July after a fellow passenger occupied half of his seat . The non-stop flight from Anchorage to Philadelphia lasted seven hours . "  I did n't fly from Alaska to Philadelphia , " Berkowitz said on consumer advocate Christopher Elliott 's blog , Elliott.org . "  I stood . " CNN recently reported on the extensive flight delays that travelers experienced during last month 's snowstorm . JetBlue has begun reimbursing those customers for their eight-hour tarmac waits , and Berkowitz feels US Airways should do more to address the issue of his extended standing . He initially had an empty seat next to him on Flight 901 , but a late passenger sat there and took more space than he paid for . "  His size required both armrests to be raised up and allowed for his body to cover half of my seat , " Berkowitz said . The man was very polite and expressed regret over the situation , said Berkowitz , who notified the flight crew that he was unable to fasten his seat belt and asked if he could move to business class . As the flight was filled to capacity , and as passengers are not permitted to sit in the flight attendants ' jump seats , Berkowitz found himself strolling through the cabin for hours . Flight attendants apparently asked him to remain seated and fasten his seat belt , but he said the co-passenger was seated on his seat belt fastener , making this impossible . That meant that , though he did manage to wedge himself into his seat for the takeoff and landing , he was unable to comply with the requirement that his seat belt be fastened at those times . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen told CNN that it also is against regulations to stand for an entire flight and that passengers are always encouraged to remain in their seats . US Airways issued a statement saying it recognizes the inconvenience of the situation . "  We all understand how sensitive a subject passengers of size can present , but we should never compromise safety and we need every passenger to help us ensure that every flight operates safely by complying with those crew members ' instructions . " When the plane landed , Berkowitz said , he immediately contacted a US Airways agent who referred him to the company headquarters in Phoenix . Though the airline offered him a $ 200 voucher for his trouble , Berkowitz said , he did not accept it . After months of unsuccessful communication , he said , he went to the FAA , which notified him that US Airways considered the matter closed . CNN could not independently confirm the details . Although he is disappointed at the amount he was offered , Berkowitz said , his motivation for speaking out now is not financial . "  My reason for bringing this up is strictly and solely for the airline to look at their safety procedures , " he told CNN . Although US Airways expresses regret over the situation , the airline does feel the matter has been resolved and that Berkowitz 's concerns have been noted . "  We have attempted to address this customer 's service concerns , but offering increasing amounts of compensation based on a threat of a safety violation is n't really fair -- especially when the passenger himself said he did n't follow the crew members ' instructions and fasten his seat belt , " US Airways said in a written statement . "  If there was a safety issue -- we will address that professionally and with the proper attention toward preventing it from happening again . We have already provided feedback on the service issues with the team involved , and thank Mr. Berkowitz for making his concerns known . " Some airlines have policies in place to handle issues with "  passengers or customers of size . " According to its website , Southwest Airlines requires customers who do not fit in their seats  which are 17 inches wide  to purchase an extra seat before boarding , but will refund them for the seat if the flight is not full . AirTran , which is being purchased by Southwest , has the same policy . Continental and United require passengers to be able to lower their armrests and fasten their seat belt with no more than one seat belt extender . Delta requires that passengers lower their armrests and fasten their seat belt with no extenders . Passengers may be required to purchase an additional seat if they fall outside of this protocol . US Airways has a policy that allows for extenders , or booking the passenger on a later flight . If neither is possible , the passenger may be charged for an additional seat . Berkowitz 's grievances extend to the gate crew members who did n't do more to follow this policy .	Arthur Berkowitz says he was forced out of his seat by the "  passenger of size " beside him He feels US Airways should do more to compensate him for his extended standing "  He did n't follow ... instructions and fasten his seat belt , " US Airways says
Attorney General Eric Holder has been bruised and battered by Republicans who made him the first-ever sitting Cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress . He 's been knocked around in behind-the-scenes White House battles with some of President Barack Obama 's top advisers . But more than 1,700 days after being the first black man sworn in as attorney general , Holder has defied expectations that he was on his way out . And he 's planning on staying for a while longer . Sources close to the attorney general say he plans to stay in office until well into 2014 , at the President 's behest . He 's changed his mind before . This past summer , he and the President spent time together during their vacation at Martha 's Vineyard . Holder was considering leaving later this year , and the President asked him to stay as long as he could , sources said . Holder : New strategies needed for ` active shooter ' situations These days , Holder appears to be more at ease in the job . Last week , he went toe-to-toe with Jamie Dimon , chief of JPMorgan Chase , taking a hard line on the bank 's tentative $ 13 billion mortgage securities settlement . At recent news conferences , the attorney general has even invited additional questions from reporters . Not long ago , Holder 's battles with Republicans and even with Obama 's top lieutenants fueled years of speculation about how long he would remain on the job . The attorney general attracted Republican criticism early on after the President handed him the job of leading legal efforts to close the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Weeks after taking office in February 2009 , Holder tangled with Rahm Emanuel , who was then White House chief of staff , over comments Holder made suggesting the need to revive the assault weapons ban , according to people familiar with the matter . Emanuel was angry that Holder 's gun control comments could provide fodder for opponents of the President 's legislative agenda . By 2010 , Emanuel succeeded in getting tighter White House control of Holder 's public statements amid disagreement between the two men on how to deal with terrorism trials in New York of the accused 9/11 plotters . In the meantime , Holder had to contend with efforts by other White House advisers , including David Axelrod and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , to rein in his public role on the administration 's behalf . Many of Holder 's troubles with White House officials were detailed in a book by journalist Daniel Klaidman . A series of challenges Matthew Miller , who was a top aide to Holder during some of those early troubles , says being tasked with the Guantanamo review began a series of challenges for Holder that became compounded with the 2009 Christmas Day underwear bomber case . Then the scandal over the botched gun sting called Fast and Furious and more than a year of congressional investigations and hearings added to the attorney general 's problems . "  Even he would say that in the first few years , he was unable to focus on the things he wanted to do as attorney general , " Miller said . Fast and Furious , in which agents with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives allowed suspected smugglers to buy about 2,000 firearms , squandered much of Holder 's tenure . Amid congressional hearings and Republican calls for his resignation , the attorney general assumed a more low-key public presence . Source : U.S. to allow ATF agent to write ` Fast and Furious ' book It was n't until September 2012 , after a Justice Department inspector general probe cleared Holder of wrongdoing in Fast and Furious , that he began to emerge , giving media interviews and doing major speeches . By that time , Congress had held Holder in contempt in a fight over documents related to the gun sting . Back on his feet In recent months , Holder appears to have regained his footing . He has spent recent months focusing on efforts to remove mandatory-minimum sentences for some nonviolent drug offenses and boosting the department 's efforts to enforce the Voting Rights Act after the Supreme Court struck down a key component of the law . He 's also trying to complete some big financial crisis cases . Justice Department sues North Carolina over voting law He 's even managed to find a few Republicans to support some of his initiatives . Rep. Jim Sensebrenner of Wisconsin is working to try to rescue the civil rights law . Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah are working to put into law some changes Holder is making on mandatory-minimum sentences . Miller says the difference has been that Holder is now focusing on matters he cares about . "  And you 're seeing the results , " Miller says . He still takes fire , as he did this summer for targeting journalists in aggressive leak investigations . He announced some changes in the way prosecutors pursue such cases that appear to have quelled the outcry . One of Holder 's harshest critics , California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform committee , has n't been quieted by Holder 's attempts to turn the page . In a June appearance on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " at the time of the controversy over Holder 's testimony to Congress about the leak investigations , Issa said : "  It 's hard to have confidence in what this attorney general says -- or his people say -- when so often it turns out not to be true . " Holder seeks to cut mandatory minimum drug sentences	Attorney General Eric Holder has tangled with Republicans , Obama advisers Holder was held in contempt of Congress over the "  Fast and Furious " gun sting After more than four years of battles , Holder is getting some GOP buy-in to initiatives One of Holder 's biggest foes in Congress remains critical of the attorney general
CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has signed off on a bill that will prevent abortion providers like Planned Parenthood from receiving public funds in most cases , her office said . "  This is a common sense law that tightens existing state regulations and closes loopholes in order to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not used to fund abortions , whether directly or indirectly , " the governor said in a statement . "  By signing this measure into law , I stand with the majority of Americans who oppose the use of taxpayer funds for abortion , " Brewer said . Kansas , North Carolina and Texas have enacted similar legislation , while Indiana , New Jersey and Wisconsin have used their budget processes to bar funding for abortion providers , according to her office . Before Brewer signed the bill into law , the political arm of Planned Parenthood Arizona slammed the measure , which it says will put the health of thousands at risk . Besides operating clinics where abortions are performed , Planned Parenthood provides a range of health services including cancer screenings , birth control , vaccinations , sexual health education and health counseling . "  Many in the legislature will never know what it 's like to feel a lump in their breast and have to worry about the cost of a doctor 's visit , " said Bryan Howard , president and chief executive of Planned Parenthood Arizona . "  This is the reality with which many Arizona women are faced , at the hands of a legislature determined to reduce access to prevention care while pursuing its ideological political agenda , " he said .	Gov. Jan Brewer signs the bill into law She says the "  common sense law ... closes loopholes " Planned Parenthood says the measure will put the health of thousands at risk
Actor Russell Johnson , best known as Professor in the 1960s TV sitcom "  Gilligan 's Island , " died Thursday , his agent said . Johnson was 89 . Johnson played the iconic role of Professor Roy Hinkley , whose scientific schemes to get the castaways rescued were always foiled by Gilligan 's bumbling . He died at his home in Washington , where he lived with his wife , Connie . She and their daughter , Kimberly , were at his side , said agent Mike Eisenstadt . Johnson is also survived by a stepson , Court , and a grandson , he said . Johnson worked up until his death , signing autographs over the holidays , said Eisenstadt . He called Johnson 's death "  unexpected . " The chief deputy coroner in Kitsap County , Washington , told CNN that Johnson died from natural causes . Johnson was "  just a positive and nice guy " who always treated people with respect , his agent said . His acting career began in the early 1950s with many jobs as a character actor on television . He played Marshal Gib Scott in two seasons of "  Black Saddle , " a Western that ran in 1959 and 1960 . Johnson acted in dozens of television shows after the four seasons on "  Gilligan 's Island , " but his career seemed stranded on its own island because of the popular sitcom role . A noteworthy big screen role was as a nuclear physicist in the 1955 science fiction film "  This Island Earth . " Share your memories Johnson was in Ray Bradbury 's 1953 sci-fi classic "  It Came From Outer Space . " Before becoming an actor , Johnson served in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II . He was on a B-24 Liberator when it was shot down during a bombing raid over the Philippines in 1945 , according to his official biography , and used his G.I. Bill benefits to pay for acting school after the war . Johnson , in a 2004 interview for the Archive of American Television said the success of "  Gilligan 's Island , which he never expected to last more than the initial order of 13 episodes , was the result of the "  great chemistry " of the cast . Tina Louise , who played the glamorous Hollywood starlet Ginger on "  Gilligan 's Island said she was " very saddened to hear of the passing of Russell Johnson . " "  My prayers and condolences go out to his wife Constance and his family , " Louise said . "  He will always be in our hearts and remembered from Gilligan 's island as part of American pop culture history . He will truly be missed . " Advice to young actors Johnson 's advice to young actors was to "  prepare yourself . " "  Most of us have to really learn how to do what we do , and that takes some studying and being part of an acting group , " he said . "  Preparation is everything , and that means studying . " Another important ingredient to acting success is perseverance , he said . "  You can have all the talent in the world , but if you do n't persevere , if you do n't stick to it , it does n't mean anything . "	Johnson played the iconic role of Professor Roy Hinkley on "  Gilligan 's Island " Johnson worked up until his death , signing autographs over holidays He was "  just a positive and nice guy , " his agent says Johnson , 89 , was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , State Department producer Elise Labott offers insights into Condoleezza Rice 's trip . Turkish protesters throw darts at an image of U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's visit to Turkey has a dual purpose : convince the Turkish leadership to hold off on a military intervention into northern Iraq and bolster Turkey 's confidence in the United States . Both are a tall order . Warm feelings toward the United States on the streets of Turkey are in short supply , and the welcome mat is not out for Rice . This week , protesters in Ankara threw darts at a photograph of Rice and held signs that read , "  Terrorist Rice , take your bloody hands from Turkey " and "  Go home Rice . " The slogans reflect a growing disgust in Turkey with the United States for what it sees as a lack of U.S. support concerning the Kurdistan Worker 's Party , or PKK , separatist rebels in northern Iraq launching attacks across the border into Turkey . In the last month alone , 47 Turks have been killed , 35 of them soldiers . Many Turks we 've talked to in Istanbul say they do n't understand why the United States , which has aggressively fought the war against terror , has not been more helpful in dealing the PKK . The PKK , they say , is the Turkish version of al Qaeda . Turkey feels it has stood by the United States through thick and thin . In Afghanistan , Turkish troops are helping keep the peace . In eastern Turkey , Incirlik Air Base is used to send 70 percent of air cargo bound for the U.S. military , as well as about one-third of their fuel . Turkey is trying to help Israelis and Palestinians end the decades-long conflict and , throughout the Middle East , it has shared valuable intelligence with the United States . Turkey feels betrayed that Washington is n't standing by its close friend in its time of need . Officials tell us they have lost trust in the United States and lost confidence in the U.S.-Turkish alliance . The relationship between Turkey and the United States has been deteriorating since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 . The Iraq war was so unpopular in Turkey that parliament denied U.S. troops access to Iraq through Turkish soil . In fact , only 9 percent of Turks have a favorable opinion of the United States , according to a recent poll by the Pew Research Center . U.S. power of persuasion in Turkey sank even further last month when a House committee voted to recognize the deaths of close to 1 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks in 1915 as genocide . Even though the full House did n't vote on the resolution , the incident left a sour taste among Turks at a time the United States can least afford such tensions . The Turkish public is strongly urging the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to send Turkish forces across the border into Iraq to get the PKK , even if it means further harming the relationship with Washington . The United States is caught in the middle between Turkey , an important NATO ally , the Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and the Iraqi Kurds , which have provided relative stability in northern Iraq in an otherwise volatile country . Washington also wants to avoid Iran using the crisis to further leverage in the region . Iran 's foreign minister made a surprise visit to Turkey this week , signaling that it wants to capitalize on the rift between the United States and Turkey . Washington has kept a close and skeptical eye on the growing ties between the two countries , especially a deal Turkey signed last month to buy natural gas from Iran . This weekend at a conference of Iraq 's neighbors and other key Arab states , Rice will bring Turkish and Iraqi leaders together in an attempt to forge a plan for dealing with the PKK . The conference was originally planned to address issues about the future of Iraq and push Arab states to support the U.S. efforts there . Those issues will be overshadowed by the need avoid a new front in the Iraq war . E-mail to a friend	Protesters to Rice : "  Go home " Rice has tall order in trying to bolster Turk confidence in U.S. Washington does n't want Iran to take advantage of souring U.S.-Turkish relations
CNN  -- A new standard may about to be set for the most boring in-flight movie ever -- and it does n't even star Keanu Reeves . Passengers flying British Airways will soon be able to zone out to a film that shows every inch of a slow-speed train journey to the Norwegian capital . The airline says the film , "  The Seven Hour Train Journey to Oslo , " will appeal to people who enjoy "  wallpaper " viewing experiences like the barely moving maps that chart flight progress . The airline will start screening the feature in July alongside its usual schedule of classics , blockbusters and those lame romantic comedies that should n't make passengers bawl their eyes out , but inevitably do . The film features no commentary to liven up the proceedings , but highlights are said to include going into tunnels and some children waving from a station .  CNN can not independently confirm this , it does n't have a spare seven hours to kill . ` Hypnotic and calming ' Though undeniably tedious , the train ride film could prove an unexpected hit -- as it did when it first screened to more than one million viewers on Norway 's NRK state television . So-called "  slow TV " has attracted a cult audience in Scandinavia , with other classics including a burning fireplace and a game of chess . It goes without saying : winter nights are long in Norway , but so is intercontinental air travel . "  There 's definitely a hypnotic , calming and entertaining quality to ` Slow TV ' that is perfect for in-flight entertainment , " says Richard D'Cruze , who oversees onboard movie programming for BA . The airline says that if the trial proves successful it could follow up with more slow films featuring knitting and bird feeding . Keanu Reeves should pick up his knitting needles and get dialing his agent right now . What 's the most boring in-flight film you 've seen ? Tell us below	British Airways to screen "  The Seven Hour Train Journey to Oslo " as part of in-flight entertainment Airline says film has a "  calming , relaxing " quality that will appeal to some passengers If successful , BA plans to follow up with films about feeding birds and knitting
Philadelphia  CNN  -- At first , a Philadelphia landlord said , he thought one of his tenants was attempting to conceal a dog after finding a dog dish in the basement of his apartment building . But on a return trip to the basement Saturday , Turgut Gozleveli found something much more sinister : four mentally disabled people held captive , including one man chained to a radiator . "  It was terrible , " he said Sunday , adding the people were surrounded by human waste . "  I do n't know how long they were there . " Three people have been arrested and accused of holding the people captive and stealing their Social Security checks . Linda Ann Weston , 51 ; Thomas Gregory , 47 ; and Eddie Wright , 49 , face charges including criminal conspiracy , aggravated assault , kidnapping , criminal trespass , unlawful restraint , and false imprisonment , Philadelphia police said in a statement Sunday . The alleged victims include a 29-year-old woman and three men , ages 31 , 35 and 41 , said Philadelphia police Lt. Ray Evers . All seven -- the three suspects and four alleged victims -- had been traveling together , he said , but did not know for how long . Weston is believed to have been in McLean , Texas , with some or all of the alleged victims . They then traveled to Florida and Philadelphia , Evers said . Gozleveli , who also serves as the building 's janitor , said he was contacted Thursday by the block captain of a neighborhood group regarding suspicious activity . He checked out the basement that day and found a few things out of place , but no people . On Friday , he found the dog dish . On Saturday , after hearing a dog barking , he went to the building 's sub-basement and found a door chained shut . He found the people after removing the chains . "  Other than the barking dog there was no sound , " he said . " ... I said , ` What the hell are you doing here ? ' No answer , and I called 911 . " "  This was a total surprise , " Gozleveli said . "  I never expected to find people . I just expected to find a dog . " The people , he said , "  acted like children . " The four were in a room roughly 10 feet by 15 feet , Gozleveli said , and looked malnourished and disheveled . They had a metal bucket and a jug of what appeared to be orange juice , but no food . They also had pillows and blankets , but did n't know where they were or where they had come from , he said . Authorities believe the four were trapped in the tiny room for up to a week . Evers said they suffered from bed sores and "  injuries that are very , very hard to describe . " The alleged victims appeared to be malnourished and were taken to a hospital . They were listed in stable condition Sunday , police said . The FBI is also investigating . The northeast Philadelphia building is a former movie theater converted to a seven-unit apartment building . Police cars were still outside the building Sunday afternoon . The four people found in the basement were brought out on stretchers , said Danyell Tisdale , the block captain who notified Gozleveli . She said she was concerned about some of the things she 'd seen recently , including people being brought in from the back of an SUV with out-of-state plates . "  I hope I did enough , " she said . "  I called . " CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Suspects face charges of aggravated assault and kidnapping , among others The landlord says he expected to find a dog , not four people Three suspects are accused of detaining them and stealing their Social Security checks Authorities believe the four were held captive for up to a week
Wired  -- One of the most impressive spectacles visitors have found at the Sochi games does n't have anything to do with sports at all . It 's their own face , over 20 feet tall , rendered on a giant morphing wall at the entrance to Olympic Park . Read more : ` Brilliant Cube ' lights up Gangnam The Mt. Rushmore-style monument is "  the first thing you see when you go in , " says Asif Khan , the British designer who conceived of the pavilion for Megafon , one of the games ' sponsors . Spectators start by getting their likeness captured at one of seven photo booths throughout the park . A five-camera array generates a 3D image of the face , which is then processed for the facade , where it 's rendered with 11,000 pistons , each acting as its own LED-tipped pixel .  After getting their picture taken , visitors get a QR code to scan that lets them know when to expect to see their mug go big . Kahn worked with Basel-based engineering firm iart to bring the idea to life . Scott Eaton , a digital sculptor whose worked with animators at Lucasfilm and Pixar and contributed to films including "  Captain America " and "  World War Z , " was brought on as a sort of creative director for the project , creating a piece of software that situated each face at a certain angle . The faces , shown three at a time and cycled through every 20 seconds or so , are 8 meters tall -- larger than the face on the Statue of Liberty . Read more : The world 's most incredible offices : Happier staff , more money ? For Khan , the concept perfectly captured the spirit of the Olympics . "  I thought , if we can harness that latent emotive potential in the face , we can communicate with everyone -- without language , without any text , without anything , " he explains . But he had to be careful about what he was communicating . At one point , Megafon wanted to explore the idea of rendering the faces in true color , using the LEDs to recreate spectators ' skin tones . "  We had to pull that back a bit , " Khan says . "  It looked like a giant was there . I mean , it was really scary . " Still , even in monochrome , the faces are a striking sight , harkening back to monumental sculptures of antiquity . If you want to put a more contemporary spin on the installation , you could think of it as a Mt. Rushmore for the Selfie Age . "  The iconography of the face and the expressive potential behind it has n't been surpassed , " Khan says . "  And actually , I do n't think it will ever be . " MegaFaces : Kinetic Facade Shows Giant 3D ` Selfies ' from iart on Vimeo . Read more from WIRED : Fantastic Infographics , Drawn From A Study of Instagram Selfies Watch : A Light Installation That Makes You Lose All Sense of Space Meet the World 's Best Paper Airplane Maker World 's Coolest Playgrounds Give Kids a Taste of the Surreal Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Sochi visitors can see their own face rendered on a giant morphing wall . The 20 feet tall facade is made of 11,000 pistons , each acting as its own LED-tipped pixel . The creator refrained from rendering the spectators ' faces in true color as it was too scary .
CNN  -- In another controversy surrounding New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer said Sunday that Christie directly ordered the withholding of Superstorm Sandy recovery funds unless she backed a redevelopment plan he favored . Appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Zimmer said she was told by a member of Christie 's administration that Sandy relief funds hinged on her support for a real estate development project and that the directive was coming directly from Christie . "  She said that to me -- is that this is a direct message from the Governor , " Zimmer said , referring to Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , who Zimmer said approached her in a parking lot in May to deliver the message . It 's "  stunning " and "  outrageous , " but true , the Hoboken mayor told CNN 's Candy Crowley . "  I stand by my word . " Later in the day , she released a statement saying that she had met with the U.S. Attorney 's Office for several hours at its request and provided the office with her journal and other documents . "  As they pursue this investigation , I will provide any requested information and testify under oath about the facts of what happened when the Lieutenant Governor came to Hoboken and told me that Sandy aid would be contingent on moving forward with a private development project , " she said . Zimmer said the Christie administration wanted her to approve a project by The Rockefeller Group , a real estate developer with ties to Christie 's administration . When asked by CNN to respond to Zimmer 's accusation that Christie had a direct hand in the threat , Christie spokesman Colin Reed refused to address it and instead referred to a previous statement , which said Zimmer 's allegations that relief funds were withheld is based on partisan politics . The allegations come as other controversies revolve around Christie 's administration . In one , evidence mounts showing that Christie aides were involved in tying up traffic in a town at the foot of the George Washington Bridge in what may have been an act of political retribution against another mayor . In another , the Christie administration hired a firm for post-Sandy tourism ads that cost nearly twice as much as the next highest proposal . This is the first time Christie has been directly connected to the controversy . Christie administration pushes back In his statement to CNN on Saturday , Reed blasted Zimmer 's claim that the funds were based on the real estate project . He said her accusations are false , adding , "  It 's very clear partisan politics are at play here as Democratic mayors with a political ax to grind come out of the woodwork and try to get their faces on television . " Reed went on to attack the cable news channel that first broke the news Saturday . "  MSNBC is a partisan network that has been openly hostile to Governor Christie and almost gleeful in their efforts attacking him , " Reed said . MSNBC said its story is based on an interview with Zimmer "  and e-mails and personal notes she shared with MSNBC . " The Governor 's spokesman also said the Mayor and Governor have had a "  productive relationship , " noting an August tweet by Zimmer saying she 's "  very glad Governor Christie has been our Gov. " Christie marches on as controversy at home unfolds Zimmer 's comments Saturday and Sunday are a change from what she told CNN just last week , when she said that while she wondered whether Sandy aid funds were being withheld because she did n't endorse the governor 's re-election , she concluded that "  I do n't think that 's the case . " "  I do n't think it was retaliation and I do n't have any reason to think it 's retaliation , but I 'm not satisfied with the amount of money I 've gotten so far , " Zimmer told CNN last week , not mentioning her concerns about the redevelopment project . But Sunday morning , Zimmer told CNN 's Crowley that she did n't speak out before because she did n't think anyone would believe her , adding that she is now "  offering to testify under oath . " Zimmer admitted to supporting Christie in the past , saying she is not a part of "  the Democratic machine . " But the information around the George Washington Bridge scandal -- involving lane closures at the entrance to the busy bridge , apparently for political retaliation -- prompted her to speak . She said she sees parallels between her story and the bridge controversy : "  The Christie administration using their authority to try and get something . " Zimmer said Guadagno appeared to feel guilty for delivering the message . "  I believe if and when she is asked to testify under oath , the truth will come out , because I believe she will be truthful and she will tell the truth , " Zimmer told Crowley . Zimmer also said she is speaking because she wants Hoboken to receive an appropriate level of funds in the second round of recovery dollars about to be released . Sandy recovery funds After Sandy , Hoboken was 80 % underwater . Zimmer told CNN last week that Hoboken received only about $ 300,000 of the roughly $ 100 million in state funds the city requested for flood prevention . Reed , Christie 's spokesman , told CNN that Zimmer asked for $ 100 million from a roughly $ 300 million pot of money for which there was $ 14 billion worth of requests . Since that request , Reed said , Hoboken has been approved for nearly $ 70 million in aid . The city has also been identified as a pilot community for a federal program to prevent flooding , one of only four such projects in New Jersey . Zimmer , however , had a different account of allocated funds . She said the $ 70 million given to Hoboken was through flood insurance and other mechanisms that did not need approval from the state . She received only $ 300,000 in Christie-approved funds , she said . CNN received images of journal entries from the Mayor 's office that Zimmer told CNN she wrote at the time . See the journal entries In one , Zimmer writes that the conversation with Guadagno left her upset and shattered the image she had of Christie . "  I thought he was honest , I thought he was moral -- I thought he was something very different . This week I found out he 's cut from the same corrupt cloth that I have been fighting for the last four years . I am so disappointed -- it literally brings tears to my eyes , " the journal entry says . Zimmer also wrote that Guadagno told her she needs "  to move forward with the Rockefeller project . It is very important to the Gov. " Reed , asked by CNN about Zimmer 's comments on Guadagno , said , "  Mayor Zimmer 's characterization of her conversation in Hoboken is categorically false . " Three days after the purported Guadagno comments , state Community Affairs Commissioner Richard Constable was on a panel with Zimmer , discussing Sandy relief . Zimmer told MSNBC that Constable leaned over and told her , "  If you move  the redevelopment project  forward , the money would start flowing to you . " In a statement to CNN , Constable spokeswoman Lisa Ryan said , "  Mayor Zimmer 's allegations that on May 16 , 2013 , in front a live auditorium audience Commissioner Constable conditioned Hoboken 's receipt of Sandy aid on her moving forward with a development project is categorically false . " Debate about redevelopment Zimmer 's claims center around a property owned by The Rockefeller Group , which had its plan for "  redevelopment " of a three-block area of Hoboken rejected by the city 's planning board . Instead , the panel voted to classify the area owned by the company as available for "  rehabilitation . " The "  redevelopment " label was sought because its tax incentives offered a much more lucrative deal for the development company . Aides and advisers to Christie have ties to Wolff & Samson , the law firm representing The Rockefeller Group . The Hoboken Planning Board rejected the "  redevelopment " plan three days before Zimmer was allegedly first approached by Guadagno . Zimmer provided MSNBC with a 2012 e-mail from Wolff & Samson 's Lori Grifa -- previously commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs -- to Hoboken 's lawyer that shows her lobbying on behalf of the project : "  Our client , The Rockefeller Group , has specifically asked us to speak with you regarding its property in Hoboken . " Grifa is not the only connection between the Christie administration and The Rockefeller Group . The Samson in Wolff & Samson is David Samson , chairman of the Port Authority , who was appointed by Christie . Samson was recently served with a subpoena in the George Washington Bridge case by an investigative committee seeking relevant documents . The Rockefeller Group told CNN , "  We have no knowledge of any information pertaining to this allegation . If it turns out to be true , it would be deplorable . " The law firm , in a statement , denied Zimmer 's allegations and said it did nothing wrong : "  The firm 's and Ms. Grifa 's conduct in the representation of our client was appropriate in all respects . Further , Ms. Grifa notes that while DCA Commissioner , she never met with Mayor Zimmer or The Rockefeller Group to discuss the Hoboken project . " Zimmer told MSNBC that she could n't agree to The Rockefeller Group proposal because "  there are fundamental problems with the site in northern Hoboken , including traffic and flooding issues , that would be magnified if the plan were to go forward . A spokesperson for The Rockefeller Group told CNN that it still hopes to develop the site under the designation of "  rehabilitation , " but that this is "  contingent on the plan the city comes up with . " Another investigation ? As word of the allegations spread Saturday , the chairman of the investigative committee tasked with looking into the George Washington Bridge scandal weighed in . Assemblyman John Wisniewski , D-Middlesex , told CNN : "  This certainly has attracted our attention . We need to obtain all relevant facts , confer with our special counsel and determine the committee 's best course of action . " Opinion : Is Chris Christie presidential ? Chris Frates is a CNN investigative correspondent . Jason Seher and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : Dawn Zimmer says she met with the U.S. Attorney 's Office at its request Threat delivered by lieutenant governor came from Christie , Hoboken mayor says Zimmer tells CNN that Christie played politics with Sandy recovery funds Christie team denies funds were held hostage for backing of redevelopment project
CNN  -- It 's a high-tech , high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse . Ryan Kelly , a Web designer from London , England , says his software was used to attack an Iranian Web site . As the Iranian government seeks to crack down on the online networks being used by protesters who question the nation 's election results , a community of Net-savvy users -- both inside and outside the country -- are working to try to stay one step ahead . "  To the Iranian government hackers who keep attacking the places they see as a threat , you are wasting your time , " wrote one anonymous poster to a message board loaded with eyewitness accounts of violence , plans for protests and notices about people reported missing or dead . "  You are completely outnumbered . There are thousands of Iranians who want to be free and people who support them for every one of you there is . " That site , with a server in California , was unable to be accessed for a couple of hours Wednesday afternoon . The error could have been caused by too many people trying to access the site at the same time . The same error would be caused by a so-called "  denial of service " attack -- using a program to flood a site with thousands of hits in a short time . Access to networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter and photography site Flickr have been blocked in Iran , where the government also has been accused of blocking text-messaging , launching denial of service attacks and spreading misinformation to protest communities online . Watch CNN 's Octavia Nasr explain how voices of dissent are getting out " But Web users have been able to get around those roadblocks by the thousands , thanks to Internet proxies -- Web servers set up in other countries that allow Iranians to hide their computer 's Internet Protocol address from censors within the country . "  I think the filters and the restrictions have been going on for so long in Iran that the experienced people are already prepared for this , " said Jon Pincus , a former Microsoft project manager and digital activist who works on projects promoting online freedom . The networking sites have been crucial in sharing information among protesters . Equally important , they 've helped spread word to news organizations now barred from covering massive anti-government demonstrations and the violence that reportedly has led to the deaths of an untold number of demonstrators . Many blogs , message boards and Web pages sharing information from inside Iran are urging users to log on through programs such as Tor , a free Web page designed to allow users to surf the Web and communicate with each other anonymously . The Web page bounces a user 's information through relays -- other networks provided by volunteers all over the world -- preventing someone monitoring an Internet connection from seeing what sites are visited on that connection . The measures have n't always been successful . In Twitter posts and on various Web sites , protesters in Iran on Wednesday described having their online access shut down . Pincus compared it to Chinese dissidents trying to crack their country 's stringent rules for Internet use . iReport : Share your photos , video and stories from Iran "  Word continues to get through , but basically it 's very , very difficult , " Pincus said "  Many people who try are caught . " In Iran , "  there 's been a noticeable decline already in the amount of photos and video that 's coming down , " he said . "  That says that , thus far , the government is succeeding . " Early Thursday morning , a Twitter user with a new account and who was not following anyone else on the site was posting false information -- including a report that opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi had conceded the election and that a demonstration had been canceled because government tanks were in the street . The Twitter user posted the phone number of a "  safe house " and urged other demonstrators to call it . Other users quickly began spreading word that they think the user is a government agent . But the fight is ever-changing and moving on , proponents said . On Twitter , users all over the world were changing their personal information and time-zone settings to make it appear they live in Iran . It 's an effort , they said , to provide cover for people really posting in the country . "  Security forces are hunting for bloggers using location and timezone searches , " read a message on a Web page titled "  Cyber War Guide for Beginners . " "  If we all become ` Iranians ' it becomes much harder to find them . " Kevin Arth , 40 , of Reno , Nevada , is one of the Twitter users who took up the call . "  I do n't know how it started , " said Arth , who is pursuing a degree in computer science . "  I was monitoring things that were going on at Twitter and at some point somebody said , ` Here 's what we 're doing . ' " Arth said he 's not sure how effective the technique is -- there are other ways for Iran 's government to track Internet users -- but for him it 's a show of support as much as anything . "  It 's easier to fight a battle when you know you 've got support behind you , " he said . And at least some members of the community are taking the fight to Iran 's government and its supporters -- using some of the same online scrambling techniques they believe are being used against them . Ryan Kelly , a Web designer from London , England , said his free software meant to refresh pages on sports and auction Web sites automatically appears to have been used to attack Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's Web site . Watch how Kelly 's software works " He received an anonymous e-mail asking him to take his site down Tuesday , he said . He then discovered traffic at his site had risen from a typical 700 visits a day to 41,000 on Monday . "  I suppose I am taking sides because I 've put the site back up , " he told CNN . "  But I have no problems with it being used in this way . " CNN 's Peter Wilkinson in London contributed to this report .	Iranian government trying to stop Internet communication from protesters Community of Net-savvy users are working to try to stay online Iranians getting help from people around the world with foreign servers Twitter users change settings to appear they 're in Iran to give Iranians cover
CNN  -- Dads in short shorts and moms in beehive hairdos are becoming all the rage on the Internet . Parents are usually the first to show off pictures of their kids , but that role has been reversed in a new breed of style blogs in which children submit nostalgic and stylish photos of their parents from back in the day . Blogs like My Mom , the Style Icon , My Parents Were Awesome and Dads in Short Shorts allow proud children to submit nostalgic pictures of their parents to put on display for the world . "  Similar to the way that young people look to celebrities as style icons , more people are looking to these attainable vintage fashions from their parents and there is a growing population of people who prefer these classic looks , " said Margot Nason , editor of the trend forecasting newsletter Trend Central . What is so unique about these blogs is that the photos celebrate just how cool today 's offspring think their parents are . Rather than laughing or cringing at old photos of their folks , today 's children want everyone to see their parents in their heyday . Newspaper editor Piper Weiss got the idea for My Mom , the Style Icon when she was rifling through her mother 's closet in search of vintage clothes to steal for her own wardrobe . "  I began using pictures of her before I was born as a guide to my own style because I figured whatever looked good on her when she was young would look good on me now , " said Weiss , 31 . "  I discovered a photo album of pictures of her before she met my dad and she was so heart-stoppingly gorgeous I wanted to share them with everyone I knew . I started the blog with pictures of my mom and then people 's own submissions started rolling in . " Since the Web site has been live for a little more than a month , Weiss has received several hundred submissions of parent pictures from folks who want to memorialize their mom and dad 's most stylish years on the Internet . During a recession , folks are more likely to indulge in the kind of nostalgia these old pictures evoke . "  Times of uncertainty make you long for the past , and the nostalgia of these pictures makes people feel safe , " said Samantha Marcus Yanks , editor-in-chief of Gotham and Hamptons magazines . "  And a bit of nostalgia is inspirational in fashion these days , because it seems more affordable . " The Web site Dads in Short Shorts , started by marketing manager Tara Eisenberg , 26 , and painter Annie Kyle , 26 , has a genesis similar to My Mom , the Style Icon . "  On a summer road trip we were looking through an old photo album and discovered a shot of a dad in bright yellow shorts mixed in with seemingly normal family photos , " Eisenberg said . "  The mom claimed the shot was an ` accident ' and that she was just ` testing the camera . ' Upon further investigation , we noticed a lot of our friends had similar ` accidents ' in their old photo albums , and thus the blog was born . " Dads in Short Shorts has had more the 50 submissions of dads wearing above the knee pants , with more pouring in every day . How do parents feel about being exposed in all their youthful glory and occasional fashion disasters on the Internet for all to see ? "  The blog is great fun for me and the nostalgia is a trip , " said Marilyn Weiss about her debut on My Mom , the Style Icon . "  Not many guests want to sit down and see your old photos . They want to show you theirs . "  Fortunately for this mom , my daughter has provided me with quite an extensive and diverse audience . " Samantha Josephs , whose mom , Susan Buckner , played Patty Simcox in the movie version of "  Grease , " was inspired to send a picture of her mom from the '70s when she was touring with Dean Martin and the Golddiggers . "  The photos that I 've collected from her from all of the girls in the group were always my favorite because of the platinum big hair and the kitten eyes , " Josephs said . "  My mother looks iconic in the photo , and I still look at her the same when I see her now . " Buckner was certainly a style icon in her own right in the '70s , but being made one in the Internet age held a whole new meaning . "  My mom screamed when she saw it . She thanked me a thousand times over , made it her screen saver and said what an amazing gift this was to her to be made an icon on the Internet , " Josephs said .	Some "  kids " are proud of how stylish their parents were years ago Photos from the '60s and '70s are popping up on sites celebrating parents 3 to check : Dads in short shorts , My Parents Were Awesome , My Mom , The Style Icon Old photo albums and recessionary times may have sparked nostalgia
Seoul  CNN  -- Is she or is n't she ? Pregnancy rumors and speculation are swirling around the world but the lady in question is saying nothing . This could easily be about a Hollywood star but this time , we 're talking about the world 's most reclusive nation , North Korea , and its first lady . Ri Sol Ju , the wife of young leader Kim Jong Un , has not been seen in public for around two months , according to North Korea watchers . A photo released by the state-run news agency KCNA shows her back in public and wearing a long coat that could be hiding a bump . Ri watched a football match and attended a musical concert with her husband Monday to mark the 60th anniversary of the Kim Il Sung Military University . Read more : North Korea 's leader still a mystery South Korean media has kicked into overdrive to speculate on whether she is pregnant or whether she was kept out of the public eye as a disciplinary measure for a perceived slight . Local media has claimed she may have fallen out of favor for not wearing a lapel pin of the former leaders , a requirement for adult North Koreans . "  Rumors first came out from officials who attended the same event , " said Kim Yong-hoon , head of the North Korean desk at Daily NK , an online newspaper based in Seoul that focuses on North Korea . "  They started questioning and speculating if she was pregnant and it has spread throughout the country and that 's how we heard about the rumors . " Kim says the interest in whether Ri is pregnant is far higher outside of North Korea than it is inside , according to his sources inside the isolated nation . Read more : Power consolidation inside North Korea John Delury , assistant professor at Yonsei University says this global interest speaks volumes about the way any news about North Korea is handled . "  Do we track the last time Michelle Obama showed up ? " Delury says . "  Our minds are so trained to do this with North Korea that we miss the bigger picture which is there is something new -- and by almost international standards we could say more normal -- about the way she appears in public . " By announcing Ri Sol Ju as his wife and having her accompany him on many public engagements , Kim Jong Un has shown a personality very different to his late father , Kim Jong Il . While producing a son and heir for a dynastic regime is considered very important , Delury points out "  that 's also true for the families of the ` chaebol ' or business conglomerates of South Korea , for Hyundai and Samsung , " he says . "  Even in the U.S. and UK , powerful families are concerned about producing the next generation . " Read more : Kim Jong Il 's sushi chef returns after fleeing for life Journalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report	Rumors are swirling whether the first lady of North Korea is pregnant Ri Sol Ju , wife of Kim Jong Un , reappeared in public after a two-month absence Photo appeared in state media showing her wearing a long coat , sparking speculation Analyst : Rumors first started from North Korean officials who attended the same event
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday called on countries throughout the world to decriminalize homosexuality , a day after the U.S. Supreme Court handed a major victory to proponents of same-sex marriage . Every group of people has a right to its own views , Obama said , and that diversity should be respected , "  but when it comes to how the state treats people -- how the law treats people -- I believe that everybody has to be treated equal . " He spoke at a news conference with President Macky Sall of Senegal , a country in which homosexuality is illegal . "  Regardless of race , regardless of religion , regardless of gender , regardless of sexual orientation ... people should be treated equally , and that 's a principle that I think applies universally , " Obama said . The remarks came in response to a question from CNN as to whether he was pressing Sall on the issue . Obama said that the issue did not come up in their talks , but that the question of how gays and lesbians are treated has been coming up in Africa in general . Sall responded that his country has no plans to decriminalize homosexuality . "  Senegal is a very tolerant country which does not discriminate in terms of inalienable rights of human beings , " he said , according to an official translation . People are not refused jobs for being gay , he said . "  But we are still not ready to decriminalize homosexuality . " "  But of course this does not mean that we are all homophobic , " Sall insisted . Sall then turned to another issue on which the two nations differ : capital punishment . "  In our country , we have abolished it for many years , " he said , adding , "  We do respect the choice of each country . " Obama 's Africa visit Obama left the United States on Wednesday for a trip to Senegal , South Africa and Tanzania -- his second visit to sub-Saharan Africa since taking office . The trip aims to bolster investment opportunities for U.S. businesses , address development issues such as food security and health , and promote democracy . It comes as China aggressively engages the continent . The Asian nation is pouring billions of dollars into Africa , running oil and mining firms , and in 2009 replaced the United States as the largest trading partner . At Thursday 's news conference , Obama was asked to assess the big news at home : the Supreme Court ruling Wednesday striking down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act . The decision was "  not simply a victory for the LGBT community , " he said , referring to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . "  I think it was a victory for American democracy . " "  I believe at the root of who we are as a people , as Americans , is the basic precept that we are all equal under the law . We believe in basic fairness . And what I think yesterday 's ruling signifies is one more step towards ensuring that those basic principles apply to everybody , " Obama said in response to a question from CNN 's Jessica Yellin . His administration will now have to comb through every federal statute , he said , to ensure that federal benefits "  apply to all married couples . " There are complexities , he noted . Since some states recognize same-sex marriages and others do n't , the government will need to determine whether a same-sex couple remains married under federal law after moving to a state that does not recognize the marriage . Mandela 's influence Obama also spoke of ailing former South African President Nelson Mandela , who is in critical condition in a Pretoria hospital . "  My first act of political activism was when I was at Occidental College as a 19-year-old -- I got involved in the anti-apartheid movement , " Obama said . He said he was inspired by what was taking place at the time in South Africa . He had read Mandela 's writings and speeches , and understood "  that this was somebody who believed in that basic principle I just talked about -- treating people equally -- and was willing to sacrifice his life for that belief . " Mandela "  is a personal hero " and "  a hero for the world , " Obama said . "  And if and when he passes from this place , one thing I think we 'll all know is that his legacy is one that will linger on throughout the ages . " Obama 's visit to South Africa on Saturday will include a stop at Robben Island , where Mandela spent a majority of his 27 years in prison . The White House schedule does not include a visit with the anti-apartheid icon . After making his remarks Thursday , Obama visited Goree Island , which once served as a strategic post in the transatlantic slave trade . He called the trip a "  powerful " reminder that "  we have to remain vigilant when it comes to the defense of human rights . ... This is a testament to when we 're not vigilant in defense of human rights , what can happen . " "  Obviously , for an African-American , an African-American president , to be able to visit this site , I think , gives me even greater motivation in terms of human rights around the world , " Obama said . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : He calls former slave trade post a powerful reminder to keep focus on human rights Obama calls for decriminalizing homosexuality ; Senegalese President Sall says no He 's pushing U.S. investment , addressing development issues , promoting democracy in Africa Nelson Mandela 's legacy will linger "  throughout the ages , " Obama says
CNN  -- Four suspects are sought in connection with the shooting death over the weekend of a Houston , Texas , doctor , Austin County authorities said Monday . Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzales was found shot to death at his ranch in rural Texas on Saturday , police say . Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez , 56 , was chief of the critical care section at Houston 's Methodist Hospital and "  a pulmonary medicine leader , " according to the hospital system 's Web site . He was found dead Saturday when deputies responded to a 911 call of a burglary in progress shortly after noon , said Austin County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Sgt. Paul Faircloth . The responding officer was met by vehicles leaving the location , Faircloth said , and a person in one vehicle fired on the officer . The officer and his car were not struck , and the officer did not return fire , Faircloth said . The officer was able to provide a detailed description of the vehicles , he said . At the home , which Faircloth said is in a rural , wooded and isolated area , officers found Gonzalez shot to death and another person wounded . The second victim was airlifted to an Austin , Texas , hospital . Watch Dr. Gonzalez 's son talk about his father " Gonzalez 's wife and small child were found unharmed inside the home , Faircloth said . CNN affiliate KHOU identified the woman as Charleen Gonzalez , 29 , and the couple 's 2-year-old son , and reported the two hid in a closet . Authorities do not know whether the incident was a burglary or an intended home invasion , Faircloth said , and "  we do not know if this is random or targeted . " Several leads were being followed Monday morning , he said , and numerous agencies were involved in the investigation . The motive for the killing had not been determined on Monday . The slaying took place at Gonzalez 's ranch outside Bellville , Texas , said Lisa Block , spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Public Safety . Gonzalez , his wife and child arrived at the ranch about 11 a.m. Saturday , she said , and "  the suspects were at the house when they arrived . " Gonzalez 's wife ran inside with the child and called 911 , she said . Ranch worker Noel Galvan was the second victim , Block said . He was listed in critical condition , she said . Faircloth said earlier Monday five suspects were being sought , but later said police were seeking four . The vehicles seen leaving the home were a late '90s white Ford F-150 pickup , occupied by two Hispanic males , Faircloth said , and a red Honda or Acura with dark tinted windows sitting low to the ground , with one Hispanic male inside . The shots were fired from the white pickup , he said . Another vehicle mentioned earlier Monday was a two-toned silver and black Ford F-150 that had two Hispanic males inside . Faircloth said Monday afternoon that vehicle had been located and was not thought to be involved . However , police released a video of a gray Lexus on Monday , and would like to question its owners , Faircloth said . The drivers are believed to be an older couple . The car was seen before the officer encountered the white and red vehicles . "  The manhunt continues on the ground , " Faircloth said . The suspects are considered armed and dangerous , he said . Faircloth said he had no information on whether the home had surveillance equipment . Family members told KHOU that Gonzalez went to the ranch nearly every weekend . "  It 's deeply saddening for all of us , " an older son of Gonzalez , Juan Mauricio Gonzalez , told KHOU . "  We are a tight-knit family and he was just a perfect man , a perfect father and a great physician . " The Methodist Hospital System said Gonzalez will be missed , "  both as a friend and an outstanding clinician and researcher . Our prayers and thoughts go out to his family during this tragedy . " "  This man had nothing to do with anybody , " Juan Gonzalez told KHOU . "  He was a peaceful man . He was a wise man . He was just here to make people better and nothing else . " A reward totaling $ 26,000 was offered for information in the case leading to an arrest . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Suspects were at doctor 's house when he , wife and child arrived , police say Police responded to 911 call of burglary at rural home of Houston , Texas , doctor Police found Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez shot to death and a ranch worker badly injured Gonzalez 's wife and toddler found unharmed ; they reportedly hid in a closet
Editor 's note : Ivan Watson is CNN 's correspondent based in Istanbul , Turkey . The Bamiyan Valley is a visually and archaeologically stunning part of Afghanistan . The region hopes to build its tourism industry . CNN  -- Thursday is "  Chinese night " at the Hotel Silk Road in Afghanistan 's Bamiyan province . Hungry guests sip cans of Coke and nonalcoholic beer and pick at a buffet that includes General Tsao 's chicken , egg drop soup and slices of sweet green melon grown in nearby fields . When a vegetarian diner arrives , the hotel 's Japanese owner , Hiromi Yasui , runs back to the kitchen to whip up a dish of spinach , garlic and steamed rice . "  This is the most clean kitchen in Bamiyan , " she boasts in heavily accented English , as she directs her staff of Afghan assistants in fluent Dari . Yasui proudly points to an electric dishwasher , perhaps the only one of its kind in this battle-scarred Afghan province . The Hotel Silk Road has been open for less than two years . The green concrete walls of this compound jar somewhat with the brown , mud brick architecture of Bamiyan Valley . But the hotel is probably the largest foreign private investment in Bamiyan 's fledgling tourism industry since the overthrow of the Taliban eight years ago . See photos of the Bamiyan Province " Aid workers say tourism is one of the greatest economic hopes for reviving this isolated , yet visually -- and archaeologically -- stunning part of Afghanistan , a region that has seen little infrastructure development over the last eight years , even though Bamiyan is one of the safest parts of the country . Tour the Bamiyan Valley 's caves " "  The natural resources and cultural resources here are probably the single best place for economic development to happen , around revitalizing the tourism industry here , " says Bob Thelen , the representative for the Aga Khan Development Network in Bamiyan . The nonprofit organization has been working with the government of New Zealand to distribute $ 1.2 million over a three-year period to develop eco-tourism as an industry in Bamiyan . Bamiyan first attracted widespread international attention in 2001 , when Taliban militants spent weeks blowing up two giant statues of Buddha . For more than 1,500 years , these colossal figures -- one was 53 meters  174 feet  high , the other 35 meters  115 feet  -- stood like sentries overlooking this alpine valley . Today , the massive caves where the Buddhas once stood are huge , empty pockets carved into cliffs that dominate the countryside . Despite the loss of these archaeological treasures , the cave network of monasteries that honeycomb the cliffs , as well as Bamiyan 's breathtaking mountains and alpine lakes , continue to attract a trickle of both Afghan and foreign tourists . Hotel Silk Road owner Yasui spotted Bamiyan 's potential when she first traveled here as a photojournalist in 1996 . "  Before the war , this was a touristic place , " she says . "  More than 7,000 cars a day visited here . " In the '60s and '70s , Afghanistan was a Central Asian stop on the Hippie Trail , a destination favored by hash-smoking Western visitors driving Volkswagen vans . But the Soviet invasion of 1979 plunged the country into a decades-long spiral of conflict . Bamiyan became the site of horrific massacres during the civil war of the 1990s and the subsequent rise of the Taliban . The Taliban 's overthrow in 2001 seemed to open the door to new opportunity . In 2002 , with the help of her Afghan husband and a Japanese investor who fronted hundreds of thousands of dollars , Yasui purchased a plot of land next to a bend in the river that runs through the valley . The couple then spent the next five years building their hotel . "  I like Afghanistan , I like Bamiyan , " Yasui explains . " -LSB- But in the past , -RSB- I did n't want to stay more than three days , because there was no shower , no place to sleep . " Yasui 's hotel opened in 2007 . Rooms cost $ 100 a night , pricing them far out of the range of most Afghans . Guests must remove their shoes at the entrance and wear slippers , in accordance with Yasui 's strict standards of hygiene . "  The furniture has all been imported from Pakistan , " Yasui said . "  I bought the water glasses from the PX -LSB- American military supermarket -RSB- in Kabul . " Yasui is not the only hotelier in Bamiyan . In 2003 , an Afghan businessman named Raziq got a jump-start on the local tourism industry , when he and several partners rented a house on a plateau offering a spectacular view of the Buddha cliffs . The building had been housing American special forces soldiers . Raziq and his partners rechristened it the Roof of Bamiyan Hotel . Raziq , an ethnic Hazara who learned American-accented English catering to foreigners on Kabul 's touristic Chicken Street , says he got his inspiration to open a hotel after he saw female Western backpackers paying to sleep on the floor of a grimy tea shop in Bamiyan 's dusty bazaar . Over the last year , the Afghan government declared Bamiyan 's Band-i-Amir lake , which sits 3,000 meters  9,843 feet  above sea level , the country 's first national park . The New Zealand-funded eco-tourism project , in conjunction with the Aga Khan Foundation , also recently trained 22 young male and female Afghans to be professional tour guides . The three-month course included "  the relevant topics for this area , geology , archaeology , history , hospitality , English , communication skills , " said Thelen , of the Aga Khan Development Network . One of these guides is former Roof of Bamiyan employee Jawad Wafa . Though only 23 years old , this ambitious young Afghan plans to launch a tourism and logistics company , complete with a fleet of rental vehicles and guides . "  The first thing we need to have more tourists in Bamiyan , we need security and peace . The second one is roads , " Wafa says . Eight years after the overthrow of the Taliban , the entire province of Bamiyan has barely 3 kilometers  about 2 miles  of paved roads . Travel here from Kabul requires at least seven hours driving on a bone-jarring dirt track . But even this isolated oasis is feeling the threat of the mounting violence spreading across the country . "  Every time there is a bomb in Kabul , visitors cancel reservations , " says Raziq , operator of the Roof of Bamiyan Hotel . And in recent months , troops from New Zealand have documented a spike in insurgent attacks , mostly along Bamiyan 's border with Baghlan province , a region where Taliban insurgents have grown increasingly active . "  As much as on the one hand you can promote Bamiyan and other pockets throughout Afghanistan as secure and peaceful , there 's always the very real threat of violence , " Thelen said . Tour operators saw a dramatic drop in foreign visitors this summer , due to the uncertainty and violence surrounding the August 20 presidential elections . In fact , the handful of people seen touring the remains of the Buddha statues last week were mostly American aid workers . They were sent by their organizations from less secure parts of Afghanistan , to take temporary shelter within the mountain walls of Bamiyan Valley .	Bamiyan is one of the safest parts of Afghanistan Since the overthrow of the Taliban in 2001 , hotels have opened in the region Colossal Buddha statues destroyed by the Taliban once towered over the valley Stunning terrain and a cave network of monasteries draw tourists
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India accorded a red-carpet welcome Tuesday to the top leader of Myanmar 's military junta , currently on a five-day visit aimed at strengthening diplomatic and economic ties between the neighboring countries . Gen. Than Shwe received a ceremonial reception in the sandstone presidential palace in New Delhi before he drove to the shrine to India 's independence leader Mahatma Gandhi to pay homage . Indian president Pratibha Devisingh Patil , prime minister Manmohan Singh , members of his cabinet and several top bureaucrats greeted the junta leader as a state guest . The military ruler 's trip underscored the close relationship between the two nations -- one seen as one of the world 's most vibrant democracies and another despised by the West as a repressive regime . In 1951 , the two countries signed what they called a "  treaty of friendship , " and over the past few years , bilateral trade has soared to almost $ 1 billion , according to Indian officials . Several Indian companies have invested in Myanmar 's energy sector . And India 's main space agency has helped set up a data-processing center in Yangon for remote-sensing applications , authorities in New Delhi say . Than Shwe 's visit began on Sunday with a tour of sacred Buddhist sites in eastern India . It came days after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged India and other countries in the region to push Myanmar , formerly known as Burma , to comply with UN human rights resolutions and nuclear nonproliferation agreements . "  It is critical that Burma hear from you , its neighbors , " she said in a speech at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting . Clinton described life in Myanmar as "  dangerous " for the country 's inhabitants and called upon other nations to push for democratic reforms there . "  We would encourage India and other countries to send a clear message to Burma that it needs to change its course , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last week . The Myanmar general 's itinerary also includes tours of India 's information-technology hub in Hyderabad and the industrial center of Jamshedpur . His visit is the second by a top junta administrator in a year .	Gen. Than Shwe is on a five-day trip to India The countries have strong diplomatic and economic ties Bilateral trade between India and Myanmar has soared to almost $ 1 billion The junta leader 's visit comes after U.S. asks India and other neighbors to push for reform
CNN  -- Peruvian soccer star Paolo Guerrero has been punished with a record fine by his German club Hamburg for throwing a water bottle into the face of a fan who he claimed had insulted him . The striker made a public apology on Monday , but could face further disciplinary action from the German Football Association on Tuesday . The incident happened at the end of Hamburg 's 0-0 draw with relegation-threatened Hannover on Sunday , a result which dented Guerrero 's team 's hopes of qualifying for European competition next season . "  I had a blackout , " the 26-year-old told Hamburg 's official Web site . "  I was insulted and I over-reacted . "  I am incredibly sorry . I hope that I get the opportunity to apologize personally to the spectator concerned . "  I have already done so to HSV . Of course I will accept any punishment from the club . I made a big mistake . " Chairman Bernd Hoffmann said Guerrero 's behavior was "  absolutely unacceptable . " "  Something like that is not allowed to happen . Paulo will be heavily fined by us . He has assured us believably how sorry he is . " The amount of the fine has not been disclosed , but Hoffman told German football magazine Kicker that it would be "  the like of which there has never been in the club . " Ralf Bednarik of the Hamburg Supporters ' Board told the club 's Web site that fans should accept Guerrero 's apology . "  Players have to deal with criticism , " he said . "  But Paolo Guerrero has apologized for his behavior . Now it 's up to us all to reappraise the things and to jointly look into the future . " Guerrero has played 24 times for his country , but missed many of the 2010 World Cup qualifiers after suffering injuries and being handed a six-game suspension for abusing a referee . Peru finished bottom of the South American group . He moved to Hamburg in 2006 after beginning his Bundesliga career at Bayern Munich , and played as a second-half substitute against Hannover after recently returning to action following seven months on the sidelines with a knee injury .	Paolo Guerrero hit with record fine for throwing a water bottle into the face of a fan His German club Hamburg acted after incident at end of Sunday 's 0-0 draw with Hannover Peruvian striker apologizes for reaction after claiming he abused by supporter Guerrero may face further disciplinary action from German Football Association
Artists tend to occupy the front lines against repression . So it comes as no surprise that the occupation of Egypt 's Ministry of Culture protesting the "  Brotherhoodization " of the ministry under the leadership of Alaa Abdel-Aziz has helped drive the planned massive demonstrations against Mohamed Morsy on Sunday . Once again , the U.S. government appears to be on the fence in Egypt , with Ambassador Anne Patterson expressing skepticism about "  street action " that could result in violent protests . "  People realize that this is about the identity of Egypt , " said Hazem Azmy , a scholar active in the Culture of Ministry occupation . With Ultras  militant soccer fans  standing by to protect the growing crowds , nightly performances are held outside the ministry , ranging from ballet to an impromptu concert by pop star Ahmed Saad that even had the police dancing . Artists of Cairo 's famed Opera House -- on strike since Abdel-Aziz fired its head , Enas Abdel-Dayem -- have been performing , too . Their repertoire ? Excerpts from "  Zorba the Greek , " including scenes of defiance . Expressing a sentiment increasingly heard in taxis and on the streets of Cairo , the actress Moataza said , "  Our protest at the Ministry of Culture is just part and parcel of the struggle of the Egyptians against the colonization of the Muslim Brotherhood . " The Brotherhood is as an international organization with loyalty to its members , not to Egypt . She speaks for many , including people who voted for Morsy in the last election . However , Patterson , the U.S. ambassador , recently equated protests with "  violence on the streets " and urged Egyptians to "  get organized ... to join or start a political party that reflects your values and aspirations . " What revolution has ever succeeded in the short term  and 2 1/2 years is a short term  without taking to the streets ? Yes , Egyptians need to become better organized politically , but at this early tumultuous stage , that is a long-term goal . Patterson 's condescending comments ignore history , as well as the specific situation in Egypt . For example , recently a court sentenced employees of nongovernmental organizations to jail , effectively curtailed activities of these groups that provide advice and support for the kind of political activities for which the ambassador advocated . Patterson 's dismissal of "  street action " as likely only to "  add new names to the lists of martyrs " not only insults the millions of Egyptians who have marched in the streets to change their country for the better , but it also stands at odds with President Barack Obama 's words of praise for the Egyptian revolution of 2011 : "  We stand for universal values , including the rights of the Egyptian people to freedom of assembly , freedom of speech . ... " What was the Egyptian revolution if not "  street action " ? It was left to another U.S. "  ambassador " to lend support to Egyptians . On June 21 , Jon Stewart appeared on Egyptian satirist Bassem Youssef 's popular show , "  Al Bernameg , " and told the audience : "  Bassem is showing that satire ... can carve out a space in a country for people to express themselves . Because that is all democracy is ... the ability to express yourself and be heard . " Ironically , in targeting cultural leaders , including Youssef , the Brotherhood has helped unify its opposition . For the artists are the canaries in the coal mine , who lead the way in questioning authority and in holding up a mirror to society . As fate would have it , the sit-ins at the Ministry of Culture and the nightly performances of dance , music and street theater coincided with the growth of the grass-roots Tamarrod movement , which says it has collected more than 15 million signatures in order to force Morsy to call for early elections . Just as with the 2011 revolution , this "  second revolution " began with youth activists , many of them artists , and now has spread like wildfire through the population . Stories abound of traffic stopping in Cairo to accommodate Tamarrod volunteers weaving through cars to gather signatures , often to spontaneous applause . Reflecting the mood of revolution in the air , Youssef recently hosted an Arabic version of "  Les Miserables " on his show . As the studio audience joined the singing group Fabrika in a rousing finale of "  Do You Hear the People Sing ? " to inspire Egyptians with "  the music of the people who will not be slaves again , " artists and activists outside continued their vigil for freedom of expression at the Ministry of Culture . No one knows what will happen Sunday . Feelings of excitement mix with anxiety about the potential for violence , which the recent thug attack on protesters in Alexandria forebodes . But the energy of the young activists behind Tamarrod , the passion of the artists inside and outside the Ministry of Culture , and the unified opposition to Morsy 's rule show that the Egyptian revolution is far from over . "  Street action " is the kernel of revolution .	Cynthia Schneider : Egyptians plan Sunday protest against President Mohamed Morsy Schneider : U.S. ambassador to Egypt ignores history by being skeptical about "  street action " Schneider asks : What revolution has succeeded in the short term without taking to the streets ? The opposition to Morsy shows that the Egyptian revolution is not over , she says
Washington  CNN  -- The Afghanistan commander whose career ended after a controversial profile in Rolling Stone magazine joked about his predicament and his post-military life at his retirement ceremony Friday in Washington . "  For those here tonight that feel the need to contradict my memories with the truth , remember I was there , too . I have stories on all of you , photos on many , and I know a Rolling Stone reporter , " Gen. Stanley McChrystal said , poking at the reason for his forced retirement . McChrystal 's illustrious career came to an abrupt end when he resigned as the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan after he and his staff were quoted in a Rolling Stone magazine article criticizing and mocking key administration officials . McChrystal collected his medals and verbal commendations from the top men of the military , White House and the Afghanistan ambassador with a bittersweet smile . "  I left a mission I felt strongly about . I ended a career I love that began over 38 years ago . I left unfulfilled commitments I made to many comrades in the fight -- commitments I hold sacred , " he said . "  My service did not end as I would have wished . " But , McChrystal said , he and his wife , Annie , will approach the future with "  hope and iPhones . " He said the couple had spent some years apart but were now reconnected , aided by new technologies like Skype . The West Point graduate and former Green Beret was a senior official for the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen . Between 2003 and 2008 , he was the commander of the highly clandestine Joint Special Operations Command , which oversees the military 's most sensitive forces , including the Army 's Delta Force . "  We say goodbye to Stan McChrystal today with pride and sadness , " Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said at the ceremony . "  Pride for the remarkable roster of achievement that he has compiled as a man and a soldier . Sadness that our comrade and his prodigious talents are leaving us . " Said Jawad , ambassador of Afghanistan to the United States , thanked McChrystal for what he had done for his country and said "  a number of Afghans would call him a friend . " In 2009 , Defense Secretary Robert Gates asked for the resignation of Gen. David D. McKiernan , the former U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan . McChrystal would have "  fresh eyes on the problem " in Afghanistan , Gates said at the time . President Barack Obama tapped McChrystal in June 2009 to be the top commander in Afghanistan . McChrystal was known for his discretion and keeping the media at arms length . That perception was shattered when the infamous Rolling Stone article came out in June . He did not directly criticize Obama in the article , but reporter Michael Hastings writes that the general and Obama "  failed from the outset to connect " after the president took office . Sources familiar with their first meeting said McChrystal thought Obama looked "  uncomfortable and intimidated " by the room full of top military officials , according to the article . The journalist wrote that an unnamed aide to McChrystal mocked Vice President Joe Biden . McChrystal did not deny the article 's accuracy . In a statement , he called the comments "  a mistake " and apologized for "  poor judgment . " McChrystal said that the relationships developed in his career were the most important to him , which he said he would honor with two beer kegs after the ceremony at Fort McNair . He extended the the invitation to everyone present .	NEW : Defense secretary lauds general 's talents , service Stanley McChrystal jokes about the sudden end to his military career McChrystal stepped down after controversial magazine article He is characterized as mocking part of Obama 's administration in the article
Moscow  CNN  -- An American businessman who lost his company , health and freedom in Russia is now struggling to merely stay alive . Arkadi Gontmakher is the owner of the company that used to be the largest U.S. crab importer from Russia . Two weeks ago , he was unanimously acquitted by a 12-member jury in a high-profile court case in Russia 's remote Kamchatka region . But earlier this week , he was charged with an almost identical set of criminal violations , according to his family and lawyers . "  Gontmakher is suspected of  laundering the profits from selling  crab products in 2006-2007 fished in Russia 's exclusive economic zone , without having proper permission , " said senior investigator Galina Saigushkina , who is leading the new probe . Speaking to CNN from the city of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky , eight times zones east of Moscow , she said Gontmakher is now in a hospital under orders not to leave . According to Russian law , if convicted , he could be jailed for up to 10 years , in addition to the more than 39 months he already spent in prison since his 2007 arrest . But because of his deteriorating health , he may not even be able to go through another trial . Gontmakher 's certified medical records , which were obtained by CNN , show he has a number of cardiac disorders , including serious atrial fibrillation . He is , in the words of his wife , "  at death 's door . " "  I have a congenital heart illness that was exacerbated during my years in prison . I badly need heart surgery but they do n't do the kind of operations that I need in Russia , let alone here , " Gontmakher said in a phone interview from a cardiology clinic in Kamchatka , where he is under police surveillance . "  My heart rate routinely reaches 170-180 beats per minute . I 've had illness bouts almost every day in the past few weeks that lasted anywhere from eight to 14 hours . On top of that , I have chronic kidney problems . "  Seems like they 'll keep coming up with more charges until I finally die , " he said . Gontmakher and his legal team have continuously appealed to Russian authorities about his severe heart condition that needs immediate treatment . But Saigushkina said no such appeals were "  presented to the investigation -- neither by Gontmakher not by his defense lawyers . " The Ukrainian-born Gontmakher , now 53 , is the founder of the Washington-based crab importing company Global Fishing Inc. . Nicknamed in the U.S. media the "  King Crab King , " he was arrested in Moscow in September of 2007 and charged with leading an international criminal group which was conducting massive crab overfishing off Russia 's continental shelf and laundering its illicit proceeds , according to the Russian Interior Ministry . The investigation report asserted that in the first half of 2007 , he and his partners illegally caught 9 million kilograms  9,000 tons  of prime king crab worth about $ 58 million . The court trial lasted from May to mid-December of 2010 and was interrupted several times due to Gontmakher 's heart ailments . But eventually the jury reached a not guilty verdict on all counts for the crab king , as well as for two of his Russian business associates who stood in the dock with him . Moreover , jurors ruled that the events of the crimes did n't occur in the first place , according to Gontmakher 's lawyer . But as the two Russians were set free , police rearrested Gontmakher in the courtroom just minutes after his acquittal , with a notice that he was suspected in another criminal case going back to 2006 , and needed to be interrogated without delay , his lawyer said . The stress caused by this news catapulted Gontmakher back to the hospital 's intensive therapy ward . "  I had been purchasing my crab in Kamchatka from a whole range of Russian fishing companies , to keep two of my processing factories , in the U.S. and in China , busy , " he explained . "  I was buying all my crab from a seafood warehouse in South Korea -- after the Russians caught it , pre-processed it and delivered it there , with proper customs declarations , acceptance certificates and other papers proving the origin and legality of the produce . I did n't have any crab-fishing ships , I was only a wholesale buyer , " Gontmakher said . "  And with all of my Russian sellers I had always applied exactly the same business model as in the case that I had been charged for but found innocent of . " "  In this case I 'm being held responsible for doing the same kind of business but with another Russian partner , " he said . "  As far as his new case is concerned , those are different charges , other than those he had been acquitted of in court , " investigator Saigushkina said , refusing to elaborate any further . Ever since the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 and the following economic chaos in Russia , seafood harvesting , and especially crab fishing , has been a highly-lucrative but shadowy business in the country 's resource-rich Pacific coast . Rampant poaching and overfishing in the region in the 1990s has brought the highly-priced Kamchatka king crab to the brink of extinction . In the past few years , the government managed to impose a firmer grip on the industry , and introduced heavy restrictions on crab fishing . Nevertheless , poaching and exceeding legal harvesting limits are still common , according to authorities . Gontmakher 's Russian lawyer , Vladimir Odyagaylo , said that knowing how things work in Russia , he believes his client could have been set up by unscrupulous competitors who wanted to sideline the successful American . However , Odyagaylo said he did n't have any hard evidence of that . Responding to a question about corruption in the Russian crab-fishing business , he said , "  Up until 2002 , when the harvesting quotas were single-handedly distributed at the whim of the local governor , it was a very criminalized industry . But after 2002 , quotas were auctioned , and anyone could openly buy them . " He added that his client had no links to crab poachers whatsoever . Global Fishing , Inc. , was founded by Gontmakher in 1999 in Washington state . It was the largest American importer and supplier of Russian crab and other seafood products to the United States and internationally . A once growing multi-million dollar business , it shut down operations soon after Gontmakher was first arrested in 2007 . Arkadi 's wife , Elena , said in an e-mail to CNN from the family 's home in the Bridle Trails area of Bellevue that the situation "  is a true tragedy for our entire family and Arkadi himself . "  His younger son has not seen his father for more than three years , he 's now turned eight years old . Our older son is now 25 . We are extremely worried for Arkadi , especially now , when he badly needs qualified surgery , " she wrote . "  We do n't see an end to this police persecution . How long can an innocent man be tormented after having been acquitted by a jury trial ? "	Crab merchant Arkadi Gontmakher says he is in poor health His company was once the largest importer to the U.S. of Russian seafood He 's being charged with counts similar to those of which he was previously acquitted
CNN  -- Turkey is a "  source of inspiration " to show how Islam and democracy can go hand-in-hand , the country 's deputy prime minister has told CNN . In an interview with Richard Quest , Ali Bababcan -- deputy to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- said the country had been able to demonstrate how "  Islam and democracy can function together . " He continued , "  a country which has a population 99 % as their faith in Islam can also be a country which are subscribing to the universal values of the EU . " Read more : Pirelli CEO : Europe must change austerity policies Bababcan 's comments come as Turkey continues to push for European Union membership , an ambition questioned by some who point to the country 's already strong economy and powerful geographical position . Turkey made its application to join the EU in 1987 and has had a customs and trade union with the 27-nation bloc since 1996 . While negotiations for the country 's full EU membership began in October 2005 , progress has been frustratingly slow as countries including Germany and France question Turkey 's suitability for EU status . Read more : Finnish PM : Eurozone nations must follow the rules Babacan said Turkey -- a country flanked by Europe and Middle East hotspots such as Syria and Iraq -- is subscribing to the western-style democracy . He said the EU acts as a "  very important external anchor " on issues such as democracy and human rights . Turkey 's economic performance , however , stands in stark contrast to many countries within Europe . The International Monetary Fund expects Turkey to grow 3.5 % this year , while many European countries suffer prolonged recessions . Read more : GE Europe chief eyes investment in Germany Turkey -- a country of 74 million people -- is one of Europe 's fastest growing economies and is attracting investment from industries including automotive , power , construction and defense . This has prompted some to question Turkey 's drive to be part of the EU , instead pointing to its potential as a bridge between the East and West . Philipp Reuter , director for Turkey at business consultancy Frost & Sullivan , told CNN that it is not necessary for Turkey to become a fully-fledged member of the union . He said Turkey has more to gain economically by aligning itself with a region historically known as "  Levant , " and to which he has added North Africa . The region includes countries such as Iraq in the Middle East to Algeria in North Africa . Read more : No brakes on growth at Brembo Global corporations are now basing their regional offices in Turkey , Reuter said . Microsoft , CocaCola , Huawei and BP all have bases in the country , from which they oversee operations in the Middle East and Central Asia . But Babacan , is his interview with Quest , said the government is focused on European membership . "  We believe the EU should be more of a global entity and Turkey will contribute its position as a real global actor , not a European project , but more of a global project , " he said . Babacan points to Turkey 's services industry and banking sector as an example for Europe and the eurozone 's embattled single currency . He added : "  Our banking system is doing very well ... we have put strict regulation , very strict supervision mechanisms for our banks and every single bank has been restructured , recapitalized . "	Turkish Deputy PM Ali Bababcan said that Turkey is becoming a "  source of inspiration " for many countries He says Turkey shows how Islam and democracy can go hand-in-hand Bababcan 's comments come as Turkey continues to push for European Union membership The ambition is questioned by some who point to the country 's already strong economy
CNN  -- Syria 's nearly 3-year-old civil war saw more bloodshed Thursday , and perhaps a moment of peace . Fighting at a huge prison in the volatile city of Aleppo brought conflicting rebel claims on whether they controlled all or part of the facility . Meanwhile , the United Nations and the United States confirmed an agreement announced by rebels and the government of a planned cease-fire in the besieged Old City of Homs that would allow some people to flee and humanitarian aid to arrive for the first time in over a year . "  We welcome the news that a deal has been reached , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said of what she called "  a local humanitarian pause " to begin Friday . An opposition spokesman in Homs , Abu Rami , said the agreement called for a cease-fire at a time to be set by the government and expected imminently . Once the fighting halts , women , civilians over 55 and children under 15 can choose to leave the Old City if they agree not to take up arms against the government , he said . After the first group of evacuations , Syrian troops would clear the way for a U.N. aid convoy packed with food and medicine to enter the area for the first time in more than a year , according to Abu Rami . "  We have nothing to give the families , " he told CNN via Skype from the Old City of Homs . "  We are crippled because of the lack of food and medicine , which especially affects the women , children , and the elderly , so for the sake of the public good , we must agree to this cease-fire . " According to SANA , the official Syrian news agency , the government would provide shelter , food and medical treatment to people who leave the Old City . In addition , the agreement calls for government forces to allow humanitarian assistance to people who remain in the besieged area , SANA reported . Valerie Amos , the U.N. emergency relief coordinator , said the cease-fire agreement would mean essential supplies for about 2,500 people in Homs . "  What we 're waiting for is a green light to be given by the parties for safe passage , " said Farhan Haq , a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . In Washington , Psaki called on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government to follow through on allowing U.N. convoys to enter Homs , adding that "  an evacuation is not a substitute for the safe , regular , and unfettered delivery of humanitarian assistance to those in need wherever they are . " "  We should not be giving credit to a regime just for providing food for a few days to people who are starving , given that 's the right moral thing to do , and this is something they should have been doing all along , " Psaki said . Asked about concerns that the Syrian regime might be preparing for a final assault on those who remain in Homs once the other civilians depart , Psaki refused to speculate but said it was important for the U.N. convoys to get access to the Old City . In Aleppo , Islamist brigade Ahrar al-Sham and al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front took control of the sprawling six-story Aleppo Central Prison from government forces after announcing an offensive to free detainees , opposition groups the Aleppo Media Center and Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday . However , an activist from the rebel Shahba Press Agency group , Nazeer al-Khatib , later told CNN only a part of the prison was under rebel control . He cited miscommunication for backtracking on the initial claims . "  Information came from the Ahrar al-Sham media office regarding the full takeover of the prison and media activists hurried the transmission of information , " al-Khatib told CNN via Skype from the city . The media center and the observatory could not be immediately reached for comment . Aleppo is a major battle front in the Syrian conflict , which has killed more than 100,000 people and displaced millions since erupting in 2011 . The prison has an estimated 3,000 detainees , many of them prisoners of conscience . At least 800 women were among the prisoners , al-Khatib told CNN . Clashes between government forces and rebels started early Thursday after rebels detonated a car bomb in front of a building in the prison complex housing Syrian army troops , the Aleppo Media Center said . Government warplanes dropped barrel bombs on the perimeter of the prison and tanks fired shells to reverse the advance of insurgents , causing dozens of casualties , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Women , children , elderly to get a chance to leave Homs , with aid to arrive It is unclear whether rebels have full or partial control of a prison in Aleppo Around 3,000 people have been detained at the prison , many of them women The Syrian conflict is nearly 3 years old
Mental Floss  -- It 's Nobel Prize announcement week , and if you had Carol W. Greider , Elizabeth Blackburn , or Jack Szostak in your office pool , you 're off to a good start  the trio will share this year 's Nobel Prize in Medicine  . As we await news of the rest of the winners , here are some stories about past Nobel laureates . Nobel Prize winners receive a medal and a cash award . 1 . Robert Lucas , winner of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Economics for his work on the theory of "  rational expectations , " split his $ 1 million prize with his ex-wife . If there were a Nobel Prize for Foresight or Timing , she should be nominated , based on a clause in their divorce settlement from seven years earlier : "  Wife shall receive 50 percent of any Nobel Prize . " The clause expired on October 31 , 1995 . Had Lucas won any year after , he would have kept the whole million . 2 . Physicist Lise Meitner , whose work helped lead to the discovery of nuclear fission , was reportedly nominated for the Nobel Prize 13 times without ever winning  though nominations are kept secret , so we do n't know for sure  . This makes her the Dynasty of the Nobel Prize scene -- that show was nominated for 24 Emmy Awards but never won . Other analogies we 'd accept : The Color Purple  11 Oscar nominations in 1985 , no wins  , the Buffalo Bills or Minnesota Vikings  4 Super Bowl losses each without a victory  and William Jennings Bryan  three-time Democratic nominee for President , losing twice to McKinley and once to Taft . 3 . People who refused the prize :  Le Duc Tho was awarded the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize with Henry Kissinger for their roles in brokering a Vietnam cease fire at the Paris Peace Accords . Citing the absence of actual peace in Vietnam , Tho declined to accept .  Jean Paul Sartre waved off the 1964 Nobel Prize in Literature . His explanation : "  It is not the same thing if I sign Jean-Paul Sartre or if I sign Jean-Paul Sartre , Nobel Prize winner . A writer must refuse to allow himself to be transformed into an institution , even if it takes place in the most honorable form . "  Afraid of Soviet retribution if he traveled to Stockholm to claim his prize , Boris Pasternak declined to accept the 1958 Prize in Literature , which he 'd earned for Doctor Zhivago . The Academy refused his refusal . "  This refusal , of course , in no way alters the validity of the award . There remains only for the Academy , however , to announce with regret that the presentation of the Prize can not take place . " Yevgeny Pasternak accepted the prize on behalf of his deceased father in 1989 .  Swedish poet Erik Axel Karlfeldt won for Literature in 1918 . He did not accept because he was Secretary of the Swedish Academy , which awards the prize . He was given the award posthumously in 1931 . This was allowed because the nomination was made before Karlfeldt died -- no candidate may be proposed after death . Mental Floss : 10 technologies we stole from the animal kingdom 4 . In 2007 , 90-year-old professor Leonid Hurwicz became the oldest person to ever win  one-third of the Prize in Economics  ; at 87 , writer Doris Lessing became the oldest woman  Literature  . 5 . DNA expert Kary Mullis -- 1993 winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry -- was scheduled to be a defense witness in O.J. Simpson 's murder trial . However , Simpson 's lawyer Barry Scheck felt the prosecution 's DNA case was already essentially destroyed , and he did n't want Mullis ' personal life to distract jurors  he 'd expressed an affinity for LSD . 6 . Nobel Laureates you must know : Teddy Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , Mother Teresa , Elie Wiesel , Mikhail Gorbachev , Nelson Mandela , Yasser Arafat , Shimon Peres , Yitzhak Rabin , Jimmy Carter , Toni Morrison , William Faulkner , T.S. Eliot , Ernest Hemingway , Samuel Beckett , Pierre & Marie Curie , Max Planck and Albert Einstein . 7 . Big names who never won : Dmitri Mendeleev , Leo Tolstoy , Virginia Woolf , James Joyce , Marcel Proust , Mark Twain , Gertrude Stein , Henrik Ibsen , Joan Robinson , Thomas Edison , Nikola Tesla , Jules-Henri Poincar , Raymond Damadian and Mahatma Gandhi . Mental Floss : 6 people who accidentally found a fortune 8 . Winners without the greatest reputations :  Daniel Carleton Gajdusek , who won in 1976 for his research in human slow-virus infections , spent 19 months in jail after pleading guilty in 1997 to charges of child molestation .  Johannes Fibiger won in 1926 after discovering parasitic worms cause cancer -- a breakthrough that turned out to not be true .  Yasser Arafat shared the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize with Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin . This decision caused Nobel Committee member Kare Kristiansen to resign . "  What consequences will result , " he asked at the time , "  when a terrorist with such a background is awarded the world 's most prestigious prize ? "  William Shockley won for Physics in 1956 for his role in the invention of the semiconductor , but his support of the eugenics movement alienated the scientific community . Shockley also donated sperm to the Repository for Germinal Choice , a sperm bank developed to spread humanity 's best genes . 9 . As part of his divorce settlement , Einstein 's Nobel Prize money went to his ex-wife , Mileva Maric . 10 . The Curie family is a Nobel Prize machine , winning five : Pierre and Marie for Physics in 1901 ; Marie solo for Chemistry in 1911 ; daughter Irene and her husband Frdric Joliot-Curie for Chemistry in 1935 ; and Henry Labouisse , who was married to Pierre and Marie 's daughter Eve , accepted on behalf of UNICEF in 1965 . 11 . Marie Curie 's second prize was marred by scandal . Then a widow , Curie had an affair with a married scientist , Paul Langevin -- a former pupil of Pierre Curie . Love letters were involved , eventually leading to a duel between Langevin and the editor of the newspaper that had printed them  no shots were actually fired . According to NobelPrize.org , when it was suggested that Curie not accept the prize , she wrote a shrewd letter , "  which pointed out that she had been awarded the Prize for her discovery of radium and polonium , and that she could not accept the principle that appreciation of the value of scientific work should be influenced by slander concerning a researcher 's private life . " 12 . Singing support -- While there 's no evidence the Nobel judges can be swayed by theme songs , that has n't stopped Loriana Lana from composing one for Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . "  Peace Can " includes the lyrics , "  Silvio forever will be / Silvio is reality / Silvio forever ! / Silvio gives us trust . " 13 . Alfred Nobel -- inventor of dynamite -- may have been inspired to create the Nobel Prize after a premature obituary in a French newspaper called him a "  merchant of death . " 14 . Nobel died on December 10 , 1896 . The formal awards ceremony is held in Stockholm each year on the anniversary of his death . The first awards show took place on December 10 , 1901 .  These things take time to plan . And in case you were wondering just how much of a say Alfred Nobel had in the prize , here 's what he wrote in his will : "  The whole of my remaining realizable estate shall be dealt with in the following way : "  The capital shall be invested by my executors in safe securities and shall constitute a fund , the interest on which shall be annually distributed in the form of prizes to those who , during the preceding year , shall have conferred the greatest benefit on mankind . The said interest shall be divided into five equal parts , which shall be apportioned as follows : one part to the person who shall have made the most important discovery or invention within the field of physics ; one part to the person who shall have made the most important chemical discovery or improvement ; one part to the person who shall have made the most important discovery within the domain of physiology or medicine ; one part to the person who shall have produced in the field of literature the most outstanding work of an idealistic tendency ; and one part to the person who shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity among nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . "  The prizes for physics and chemistry shall be awarded by the Swedish Academy of Sciences ; that for physiological or medical works by the Caroline Institute in Stockholm ; that for literature by the Academy in Stockholm ; and that for champions of peace by a committee of five persons to be elected by the Norwegian Storting . It is my express wish that in awarding the prizes no consideration whatever shall be given to the nationality of the candidates , so that the most worthy shall receive the prize , whether he be Scandinavian or not . " Mental Floss : 13 bizarre stipulations in wills For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	More than one Nobel winner had to share or give prize money to ex-wife Marie Curie was urged not to collect her second Nobel because of affair Three U.S. presidents have won the Nobel prize Lise Meitner was reportedly nominated for the Nobel Prize 13 times , but never won
CNN  -- Acts of kindness will help pull the nation through its economic crisis , according to the woman who came to the rescue of a homeless Floridian who publicly appealed to President Obama . Henrietta Hughes , left , and Chene Thompson talk on the lawn of the home Thompson is letting Hughes use . Chene Thompson , the wife of state Rep. Nicholas Thompson , R-Fort Myers , is letting Henrietta Hughes and her son stay in a house she owns in nearby La Belle rent free until they get back on their feet . "  You do n't have to be a politician to put forth a stimulus package , " Chene Thompson said during a joint interview with Hughes Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  This is our own little mini-stimulus package for a person who was a stranger and now is a friend . "  Anybody can help anybody at any time . It does n't need to be something that comes from Washington ; it can come from your own home and from your heart , even if it 's for a little bit . " Hughes emerged from the crowd at Tuesday 's town hall meeting in Fort Myers to tell Obama she and her son were living in a car and needed immediate help . The president asked her name , kissed her on the cheek and promised his staff would work with her . Watch Hughes ' emotional plea to Obama " Thompson , who was in the audience , stepped forward afterward to offer Hughes her vacant house , which the Thompsons had to leave because it is outside her husband 's legislative district . "  She was sincere and direct and to the point , and she needed help , " Thompson said . "  And it actually touched me and I started to tear up and I started to cry . ... It sort of broke my heart . " Hughes feels "  overwhelming gratitude , " she told CNN in the front yard of the house , "  because no one would do that . " "  Oh , yes they would ! Yes they would ! " Thompson interjected , wrapping an arm around Hughes ' shoulders . "  I was just in the right place at the right time . " Both women beamed . The house has remained unsold in southwest Florida 's depressed market , Thompson said . She continues to be responsible for paying the mortgage , property taxes , insurance and utilities , so it benefits her to have someone occupying it to keep it from becoming run-down , she said . According to the White House , the Fort Myers-Cape Coral area had the highest foreclosure rate in the nation last year , with 12 percent of housing units receiving a foreclosure-related notice . Median housing prices in the Fort Myers metropolitan area have plummeted from $ 322,000 in December 2005 to less than $ 107,000 in December 2008 , the Obama administration said . Nearly 12,000 jobs have been lost in Fort Myers in the past year . White House spokesman Joshua Earnest said Wednesday that the administration connected Hughes with local housing officials in the crowd . On Wednesday , the head of the local housing authority , Marcus Goodson , said he met with Hughes and is working on finding her a subsidized housing unit with a short waiting time . Hughes on Thursday urged Congress to approve legislation to deal with the housing crisis . "  If that would pass , that would help many other -- hundreds and thousands of -- low-income persons to receive housing , " she said . CNN 's Ed Hornick and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Wife of GOP state legislator gives homeless woman a place to stay Henrietta Hughes had appealed to President Obama during town hall "  This is our own little mini-stimulus package , " Chene Thompson says Vacant house will benefit from being occupied , owner says
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Boeing 787 Dreamliner took off Sunday from a Tokyo airport , the first such flight in Japan since safety issues grounded the Dreamliner fleet , officials told CNN . Japan had authorized passenger airlines to resume flying the embattled aircraft in the country starting Friday , authorities said . The first test flight in Japan was Sunday , All Nippon Airways officials said . It left Tokyo 's Haneda Airport on Sunday morning with a team of All Nippon engineers , that airline 's chairman , Shinichiro Ito , and Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner . The plane landed about two hours later without incident , Boeing said . "  With the successful completion of today 's flight , Boeing will continue to work closely with airline customers in Japan and other countries on ... modification work to safely return additional 787s to flight in the coming weeks , " Boeing said in a statement . The flight marked a milestone in Japan , but the plane was n't the first Dreamliner to take flight since the problems first surfaced . Ethiopian Airlines flew passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi , Kenya , on Saturday . Boeing Dreamliner back in skies Nearly 50 Dreamliners around the world have been grounded for more than three months , after two incidents on jets operated by Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question . Officials later pointed to faulty battery systems in recommending the planes be grounded . Last week , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration cleared Boeing to make fixes to the problematic battery system . Boeing said it was deploying teams to help the airlines install the redesigned system . In an online posting Thursday , the FAA outlined the modifications necessary for the Dreamliner to fly again . By the next day , All Nippon and Japan Airlines -- the world 's two largest Dreamliner operators -- had already begun installing modified lithium ion batteries on their 787 jets . The Dreamliner 's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East , where long-haul flights account for much of an airline 's business . Dreamliners inching toward the runway CNN 's Greg Botelho and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Boeing : We will work with customers to return more 787s to flight in coming weeks The All Nippon test flight took off from Tokyo 's Haneda Airport , airline officials say A Boeing executive is among those aboard , but commercial passengers were not U.S. aviation authorities outlined steps recently to the Dreamliner 's battery system
CNN  Roberto Mancini says he carries Manchester City 's supporters in his heart -- but there 's not much love being shown towards the man who replaced him as manager of the Premier League champions . Manuel Pellegrini is a man feeling the heat -- and the current City manager has come under fire from his predecessor just 24 hours after insisting he is not under pressure to win a trophy every season . Mancini , the man who led Manchester City to its first Premier League title in 44 years back in 2012 says Pellegrini is "  lucky " to have inherited the side he left behind after being sacked exactly a year to the day since winning England 's top division . Pellegrini , who led City to the domestic title last season , is under fire with City trailing Chelsea by six points in the league and facing elimination in the European Champions League . "  I think Pellegrini was really lucky because he got this team that is a strong team and he has a chance to put in more good players , " Inter Milan coach Mancini told CNN 's Don Riddell on the eve of City 's crucial game with Barcelona in the Champions League . "  I think City can win a title every year and have a chance -- it should and must try to win a title every year . " Nicknamed "  the Engineer , " Pellegrini has seen the wheels come off his side 's title charge in recent weeks . The Chilean is reportedly on the brink with his team having apparently surrendered its Premier League title with another meek showing in the 1-0 defeat by minnow Burnley last weekend . His team have managed just three victories in their past 11 games -- its season could be more or less over by tomorrow night . City faces a daunting task to reach the last eight of the European Champions League -- a competition it has struggled in despite spending $ 482 million on players since the start of the 2011-12 season . It must overturn a 2-1 deficit against Barcelona at Camp Nou on Wednesday after being outplayed for the majority of the home fixture . Only once in nine attempts has Barcelona won the first leg of a two-legged Champions League knockout tie and not progressed . Pellegrini has spent heavily since arriving at City but a number of those purchases have failed to impress . Eliaquim Mangala , who arrived from Porto for $ 47million has endured a dismal first season in English football , while $ 32million man Stevan Jovetic has also struggled to make an impression since arriving from Fiorentina . "  It 's my opinion that City is the best team in the Premier League , " said Mancini . "  It 's in second and six points behind Chelsea but I think it 's the best team . "  In the Premier League anything can happen right up to the last game , in the last minute , " perhaps a nod to City 's last gasp English Premier League title win in 2012 , thanks to Sergio Aguero 's stoppage time winner against Queens Park Rangers . "  I think they should think that they have a chance to win the title . " Mancini , who replaced Mark Hughes in December 2009 , enjoyed great success during his three-and-half-year tenure . He led the club to the FA Cup in 2011 before winning the league title the following season . Under Mancini , the club attracted star players such as Yaya Toure , Mario Balotelli , David Silva and Aguero . He signed a new five-year deal with the club in July 2012 but results dipped with rival Manchester United regaining the league title and City suffering a shock FA Cup final defeat by Wigan . Mancini was criticised for his side 's lack of success in the Champions League , where the failure to negotiate the group stage playing a key role in the decision to relieve him of his duties . The Italian , 50 , was also involved in a series of high-profile disagreements with Carlos Tevez , the Argentina striker , which cast doubts over his ability to handle the big names in the City squad . In the 12 Champions League ties under his stewardship , City managed just three victories -- a damning indictment on the team 's failure on the European stage . At the time of his sacking , the club said that Mancini failed to hit "  stated targets " and that it wanted to "  develop a holistic approach to all aspects of football " . "  I had a fantastic time in England , " he added . "  We won the Premier League after many years . I have all City 's supporters in my heart and all those moments in my head because it is impossible to forget this . "  Maybe I miss the Premier League because I worked there for three-and-a-half years . I built the team that is now in second position . "  I think they play with the same players and I am very proud of this . " Mancini faces a struggle of his own at Inter with the club unlikely to qualify for European competition next season . Inter is eighth in Serie A and is eight points off the qualifying places for the Europa League . It faces German side Wolfsburg in the last 16 of the Europa League on Thursday having lost the first leg 3-1 .	Roberto Mancini says Manchester City still the best team in the Premier League Italian says City should win a title every year Manuel Pellegrini under growing pressure at club City faces Barcelona in Champions League on Wednesday
CNN  -- Barack Obama is a married man but there 's another woman with a hold on him that his wife can never match : she runs the House . Nancy Pelosi has been an easy target for Republican ire . She is Nancy Pelosi , the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives , the most powerful woman in Washington and lately , a target for Republicans . Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S. politicians ; she 's the small brown-haired woman in the smartly tailored suit . Conservatives like to stereotype some Democrats as rich , isolated and out-of-touch . As the wife of an affluent investment banker , the always expertly coiffed Pelosi looks like exactly the kind of "  Limousine Liberal " they 're talking about . Ironically , it 's money that makes her powerful . Under the U.S. constitution , the president ca n't spend a penny without the permission of Congress . Within the Congress , the Senate has its own powers but the House is the place where taxes and spending start . So almost every one of Obama 's plans needs a push from Pelosi . Maybe that 's part of the reason she 's in trouble right now . The issue is n't really part of her daily duties : "  waterboarding " and other extreme interrogation tactics used against prisoners in the Bush era . Obama ordered an end to the harsh methods , but Republicans are asking why Democrats who knew about them years ago did n't try to stop them then . Pelosi was one of a handful of lawmakers who was briefed by the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002 , but she now accuses the agency of lying to her and hiding what it was doing . Republicans have been attacking Pelosi for making unsubstantiated and damaging accusations against a crucial national security agency . The man who once had her job , former Republican speaker Newt Gingrich , says Pelosi is lying in a way that is "  despicable , dishonest and vicious . " Whether or not he 's right , it 's smart politics . Obama is still remarkably popular . Most of the country hopes that he 'll succeed in rebuilding the economy and ending the war in Iraq . If the president is immune to most easy attacks from the opposition , it needs to find someone who is n't . Pelosi is a crucial part of his plans . As potential targets go , with her nearly perfect hair and nearly perfect clothes , Pelosi is nearly perfect .	Nancy Pelosi , speaker in House , is most powerful woman in Washington U.S. President Obama needs Pelosi to ensure his plans get House approval Pelosi under attack over Democrats ' failure to challenge CIA over waterboarding Tactic is smart move by Republicans as Pelosi an easier target than Obama
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama spoke separately Friday with Speaker John Boehner and the top Senate Democrat to try to salvage a fiscal cliff deal by the end of year , after Republican disarray in the U.S. House put the negotiations in limbo . In a previously unscheduled statement to reporters , Obama outlined a possible agreement that he said would include protecting middle-class Americans from a tax hike , extending unemployment benefits and setting a framework for future deficit reduction steps . He called on Congress to pass the agreement after a Christmas break so he can sign it before the end of the year , when the fiscal cliff arrives in the form of automatic tax increases and deep spending cuts . "  Laws can only pass with support from Democrats and Republicans , " Obama said in urging both sides to compromise . The president planned to fly with his family to Hawaii on Friday night for the holiday and return to Washington after Christmas , while House and Senate members also headed home with plans to return on December 27 if needed . Boehner 's spokesman said the speaker will be "  ready to find a solution that can pass both houses of Congress " when he returns to Washington . What failure on fiscal deal means for troubled Boehner While congressional leaders continued to bicker Friday over the next step , the president 's phone discussion with Boehner and a White House meeting with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid signaled an attempt to provide the nation and investors with hope that an agreement can be reached . An aide to Reid said the short-term proposal to avoid the fiscal cliff should include extending tax cuts for middle-class families and unemployment insurance while delaying the automatic spending cuts set to take effect in the new year . Obama acknowledged what had become obvious : the broader deficit reduction deal he seeks will likely come in stages , rather than in the so-called grand bargain he and Boehner have been negotiating . The main issue of disagreement continued to be taxes , specifically whether rates should go up on top income brackets for the wealthiest Americans as part of an agreement to reduce the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt . Without a deal , the fiscal cliff could trigger a recession , economists warn . Stocks closed down sharply on Friday over the latest impasse in the deficit talks , a sign of investor fears of a slowdown as the nation slowly continued to emerge from recession . Before leaving town , Boehner puts fiscal cliff onus on Obama Earlier Friday , Reid called for House Republicans to quickly approve a Senate plan championed by Obama that would extend tax cuts for family income up to $ 250,000 while allowing rates to return to higher levels of the 1990s above that threshold . His Republican counterpart , Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , responded that the Senate should instead take up a House Republican measure extending the tax cuts for everyone as a temporary move before negotiations next year on broader tax reform . The GOP revulsion over any kind of tax rate increase has stymied deficit negotiations for two years and led to unusual political drama , such as McConnell recently filibustering his own proposal and Thursday night 's rebuff by House Republicans of an alternative tax plan pushed by Boehner , their leader . Boehner said at a news conference Friday that his Republican colleagues refused to back his plan , which would have extended all tax cuts except for income over $ 1 million , because of fears of being blamed for a tax increase . "  They were n't taking it out on me , " he said . "  They were dealing with the perception that somebody might accuse them of raising taxes . " The lack of backing by his own caucus was a political blow to Boehner and raised more questions than answers about what happens next in the tough negotiations with Obama on either a broad deficit reduction agreement or a smaller step to avoid the fiscal cliff . A breakdown of Boehner 's miscalculation on Plan B A senior Democratic Senate source said scenarios under consideration by the party include trying to work out short-term or comprehensive agreements now , or going into next year -- and over the fiscal cliff -- without a deal to quickly pass a compromise plan in the new Congress that convenes on January 3 . Waiting until next year would make the vote a tax cut from the automatic higher rates that will take effect under the fiscal cliff , instead of the current situation of extending some cuts and having top rates go up , the source noted . In addition , Democrats will have two more seats in the new Senate and a stronger House minority , as well as increased pressure on Republicans to keep taxes low on middle class Americans , according to the source . Three possible scenarios Democrats may pursue Trying to hammer out a deal now means working with limited time and stronger Republican contingents in both chambers , the source said . Boehner made clear Friday that the negotiations with Obama on a broad deficit reduction agreement hit an impasse this week when both sides offered their "  bottom line " positions that included major concessions -- but remained a few hundred billion dollars apart . With his alternative plan torpedoed by his own party , Boehner said it now is time for Obama and Senate Democrats to come up with a solution . Boehner also denied a reporter 's suggestion that he is walking away from further talks , but he offered no timetable or mechanism for resuming discussions . In the Senate , Reid said all House measures on the fiscal cliff so far have failed to meet the minimum demands of Obama , such as wealthy Americans paying more to prevent an increased burden on middle-class families . "  I like John Boehner , but gee whiz , this is a pretty big political battering that he has taken , " Reid said , calling on the speaker to allow a vote on the Senate-passed Obama plan . "  It will pass . Democrats will vote for it . Some Republicans will vote for it . That is what we are supposed to do . " On Thursday night , the House passed a measure that would reduce the impact of the fiscal cliff 's automatic spending cuts on the military . However , the chamber then went into recess when it was clear Boehner lacked the votes for his separate tax plan that maintained cut rates on income up to $ 1 million . Conservatives opposed to any kind of increase in tax rates refused to sign on , and with Democrats unified in their opposition , the measure had no chance of passing . Fallout from fiscal cliff inaction "  There was a perception created that that vote last night was going to increase taxes . I disagree with that characterization , " Boehner said Friday by way of explanation , adding that "  the perception was out there , and a lot of our members did not want to have to deal with it . " Reid had said the Senate would spurn the Boehner plan if it passed the House , and Obama promised to veto it if it reached his desk . According to Republican sources , the zero chance for Boehner 's Plan B to actually become law influenced some wavering House members to reject it . Obama campaigned for re-election on extending the tax cuts that date back to his predecessor 's administration on income up to $ 250,000 for families , but returning to higher rates on amounts above that threshold . Some House Republicans have said they would join Democrats in supporting the president 's proposal in hopes of moving past the volatile issue to focus on the spending cuts and entitlement reforms they seek . The Plan B was significant because Republican leaders previously insisted they would n't raise rates on anyone . Boehner had complained Thursday that in making that concession , he expected but never got significant concessions from Obama . He elaborated on the negotiations Friday , saying he told Obama that his latest proposal made over the weekend was his bottom line . Boehner said Obama told him the White House counterproposal Monday was the president 's bottom line . Boehner also repeated his complaint that Obama and Democrats were unwilling to address the spending cuts and entitlement reforms that he considers necessary to properly address the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt . "  What the president has proposed so far simply wo n't do anything to solve our spending problems , " Boehner said , noting that "  because of the political divide in the country , because of the divide here in Washington , trying to bridge these differences has been difficult . " CNN Poll : Are GOP policies too extreme ? In his statement Friday , Obama said he had compromised at least halfway on major issues , and that both sides have to accept they will not get all they want . The possibility of a fiscal cliff was set in motion over the past two years as a way to force action on mounting government debt . Now legislators risk looking politically cynical by seeking to weaken the measures enacted to try to force them to confront tough questions regarding deficit reduction , such as reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . Polling has consistently shown most Americans back the president , who insists wealthy Americans must pay more , rather than Boehner and his Republican colleagues , who have balked at tax rate hikes and demanded spending cuts and entitlement program reforms . A new CNN/ORC International survey released Thursday showed that just over half of respondents believe Republicans should give up more in any solution and consider the party 's policies too extreme . Opinion : Boehner leading GOP to the apocalypse The two sides seemingly had made progress earlier this week on forging a $ 2 trillion deficit reduction deal that included new revenue sought by Obama and spending cuts and entitlement changes desired by Boehner . The president 's latest offer set $ 400,000 as the income threshold for a tax rate increase , up from his original plan of $ 250,000 . It also included a new formula for the consumer price index applied to some entitlement benefits , much to the chagrin of liberals . Called chained CPI , the new formula includes assumptions on consumer habits in response to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases in future years . Statistics supplied by opponents say the change would mean Social Security recipients would get $ 6,000 less in benefits over the first 15 years of chained CPI . Liberal groups sought to mount a pressure campaign against including the chained CPI after news emerged this week that Obama was willing to include it , calling the plan a betrayal of senior citizens who had contributed throughout their lives for their benefits . Poll : Americans view economy as poor , split on future CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jessica Yellin and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama spoke with congressional leaders about a possible deal A Democratic source lays out possible scenarios House Republicans reject Speaker Boehner 's tax alternative Everyone 's taxes go up in 11 days without an agreement
CNN  -- Hundreds of people aboard two cruise ships in the Caribbean fell ill due to norovirus , the latest instances in which the stomach bug has thwarted vacationers at sea . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Friday that norovirus had hit more than 600 passengers and crew on Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas , making it one of the biggest such outbreaks on any cruise ship in the last two decades . The vessel returned to port Wednesday , two days earlier than expected , and four days after the CDC began its investigation . "  No particular source has been identified , and it 's quite possible a source wo n't be identified , " the agency said . In addition , the Caribbean Princess , operated by Princess Cruises , cut short its own seven-day Caribbean itinerary on Friday . Princess Cruises said that 178 passengers and 11 crew members aboard had been stricken with norovirus , with CDC staffers on board Friday to help sanitize that ship . The cruise line 's official reason for ending the trip early was not the norovirus outbreak , but rather a forecast of dense fog this weekend at the Houston port that was its final call . The report did n't sit well with some passengers , who spoke to CNN affiliate KHOU as they disembarked the ship Friday . Princess spokeswoman Julie Benson insisted that the prospect of fog making ship channels into the Houston port unnavigable was the only factor in turning the boat around . Keith Davis of Austin questioned the fog story . "  That 's last Tuesday they tell us this , and they 've never said anything different , " he told KHOU . "  I knew then nobody can predict five days in advance . I knew that that was n't the case . They were just doing that to minimize their damages . " What is norovirus ? Bill and Linda Askins of West Columbia , 50 miles south of Houston , said they had a great time but were disappointed to turn back before the ship reached Belize . "  I 'm still looking for the fog , " Bill Askins told the station . "  It 's a little irritating . " Linda Askins added , "  We were looking forward to  going to Belize  . That 's why we had taken the cruise , yes , but things happen . We understand . " Port of Houston Authority spokesman Bill Hensel said Princess was informed Tuesday that there was "  a high probability of a fog event " this weekend . ImpactWeather , which bills itself as a "  full-time weather department for hundreds of companies around the globe , " sent Princess a report Wednesday predicting dense fog setting in late Friday afternoon , Benson said . "  Breaks in the fog are not likely until the cold front moves offshore late Sunday morning or early Sunday afternoon . Thus , we are expecting that the ship channel will be closed for parts of Friday , all day Saturday , and Sunday through the afternoon hours , " the report said . Princess , concerned the boat "  could n't navigate the channel to get back to port , " then made the decision to turn the boat around , Benson said . Asked if the ship would have continued on to Belize if the forecast had called for clear skies in Houston on Friday , she that was "  100 % correct . " Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? The Caribbean Princess departed January 25 on its Western Caribbean tour with planned stops in Cozumel , Mexico , the Honduran island of Roatan and Belize , but threats of fog forced the ship to return home before it made it to Belize , Princess said in its statement . The cruise ship was carrying 3,104 passenger and 1,149 crew members . "  We truly regret having to make this change to our passengers ' vacations , and we hope they understand that we did not have any choice but to return to Houston early before the unusually heavy fog closes the port , " it said . Princess will provide hotels for those flying out of Houston , and passengers "  will receive a future cruise credit of 20 % of their fare as well as one day per diem " for meals and other expenses , the statement said . "  Approximately five passengers " still had norovirus symptoms Friday , the cruise line said , describing it as "  a common but contagious illness which is widely circulating throughout North America . " The gastrointestinal illness causes vomiting and diarrhea , the CDC says . Sick passengers were asked to stay in their cabins while staff disinfected public areas such as restrooms and elevators . Several passengers told KHOU that crew members wearing gloves distributed hand sanitizer throughout the ship , and passengers were n't allowed to touch items like salt shakers , tongs and forks in the ship 's common areas . Royal Caribbean cruise ship returns home - with a sickness record Robert Fisher of Houston said he came down with an illness , but the symptoms passed after two days . Still , he said , the staff made him feel as if he were being incarcerated . "  I was tired of being held as a prisoner in the room , " he said . "  They did n't bring food . They said they were bringing food . We had to call and remind them every time . " His cabin mate , Steve Juneau said , "  I would have to leave the room and go get him food . " He added that the staff worked diligently to keep the outbreak from spreading . "  They were trying really hard , but they were also very rude about it , " Juneau told KHOU . Fisher said the 20 % credit on a future cruise amounted to "  nothing " when you consider he was n't allowed to dine in the onboard restaurants and never saw Belize . Despite more than one of every 20 passengers being ill , many passengers reported seeing no sick people during the trip . Lloyd and Rosie Swayne of Grand , Texas , saw a passenger vomiting on the beach during one of the cruise 's stops . "  They immediately removed her , cleaned the area , bleached the sand , everything . It was handled well , " Lloyd Swayne told KHOU . CNN 's Suzanne Presto , Dana Ford and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : CDC confirms norovirus on Royal Caribbean ship that returned Wednesday Princess Cruises ship arrives in Houston after norovirus sickens 178 passengers The ship turned around because of a fog forecast , not sickness , the cruise company says One passenger tells KHOU he was made to feel like "  prisoner " after falling ill on cruise
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , responded to President Obama 's State of the Union speech on Tuesday night from the National Press Club . Here is a transcript of Bachmann 's speech . Bachmann : Good evening . My name is Congresswoman Michele Bachmann from Minnesota 's 6th District . I want to thank the Tea Party Express and Tea Party HD for inviting me to speak this evening . I 'm here at their request and not to compete with the official Republican remarks . The Tea Party is a dynamic force for good in our national conversation , and it 's an honor for me to speak with you . Two years ago , when Barack Obama became our president , unemployment was 7.8 % , and our national debt stood at what seemed like a staggering $ 10.6 trillion . We wondered whether the president would cut spending , reduce the deficit and implement real job-creating policies . Unfortunately , the president 's strategy for recovery was to spend a trillion dollars on a failed stimulus program , fueled by borrowed money . The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 % . Not only did that plan fail to deliver , but within three months , the national jobless rate spiked to 9.4 % . It has n't been lower for 20 straight months . While the government grew , we lost more than 2 million jobs . Let me show you a chart . Here are unemployment rates over the past 10 years . In October of 2001 , our national unemployment rate was at 5.3 % . In 2008 , it was at 6.6 % . But just eight months after President Obama promised lower unemployment , that rate spiked to a staggering 10.1 % . Today , unemployment is at 9.4 % with about 400,000 new claims every week . After the $ 700 billion bailout , the trillion-dollar stimulus , and the massive budget bill with over 9,000 earmarks , many of you implored Washington to please stop spending money that we do n't have . But instead of cutting , we saw an unprecedented explosion of government spending and debt . It was unlike anything we 've ever seen before in the history of the country . Well , deficits were unacceptably high under President Bush , but they exploded under President Obama 's direction , growing the national debt by an astounding $ 3.1 trillion . Well , what did we buy ? Instead of a leaner , smarter government , we bought a bureaucracy that now tells us which lightbulbs to buy and which may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama 's health care bill . Obamacare mandates and penalties may even force many job-creators to just stop offering health insurance altogether , unless , of course , yours is one of the more than 222 privileged companies , or unions , that 's already received a government waiver under Obamacare . In the end , unless we fully repeal Obamacare , a nation that currently enjoys the world 's finest health care might be forced to rely on government-run coverage . That could have a devastating impact on our national debt for even generations to come . For two years , President Obama made promises , just like the ones we heard him make this evening , yet still we have high unemployment , devalued housing prices , and the cost of gasoline is skyrocketing . Well , here 's a few suggestions for fixing our economy . The president could stop the EPA from imposing a job-destroying cap-and-trade system . The president could support a balanced budget amendment . The president could agree to an energy policy that increases American energy production and reduces our dependence on foreign oil . The president could also turn back some of the 132 regulations put in place in the last two years , many of which will cost our economy $ 100 million or more . And the president should repeal Obamacare and support free-market solutions , like medical malpractice reform and allowing all Americans to buy any health care policy they like anywhere in the United States . We need to start making things again in this country , and we can do that by reducing the tax and regulatory burden on job-creators . America will have the highest corporate tax rate in the world . Think about that . Look no further to see why jobs are moving overseas . But thanks to you , there 's reason for all of us to have hope that real spending cuts are coming , because last November , you went to the polls , and you voted out the big-spending politicians and you put in their place great men and women with a commitment to follow our Constitution and cut the size of government . I believe that we 're in the very early days of a history-making turn in America . Please know how important your calls , visits and letters are to the maintenance of our liberties . Because of you , Congress is responding , and we 're just beginning to start to undo the damage that 's been done the last few years , because we believe in lower taxes , we believe in a limited view of government and exceptionalism in America . And I believe that America is the indispensable nation of the world . Just the creation of this nation itself was a miracle . Who can say that we wo n't see a miracle again ? The perilous battle that was fought during World War II in the Pacific at Iwo Jima was a battle against all odds , and yet this picture immortalizes the victory of young GIs over the incursion against the Japanese . These six young men raising the flag came to symbolize all of America coming together to beat back a totalitarian aggressor . Our current debt crisis we face today is different , but we still need all of us to pull together . But we can do this . That 's our hope . We will push forward . We will proclaim liberty throughout the land . And we will do so because we , the people , will never give up on this great nation . So God bless you , and God bless the United States of America .	Rep. Michele Bachmann responds to speech from the National Press Club Bachmann calls for full repeal of "  Obamacare " Bachmann says , "  We need to start making things again in this country "
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- American college student Amanda Knox told an Italian courtroom Friday that she was at the home of her boyfriend the night her roommate was killed two years ago , her attorney said . American college student Amanda Knox , 21 , testifies Friday at her murder trial in Perugia , Italy . When she later was told that her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher , was found dead , Knox said in Italian , "  I was like , ` No , no , how can this be ? ' " Knox , a 21-year-old from Seattle , Washington , testified that she was at her boyfriend 's apartment , smoking marijuana , on the night Kercher was killed . Both Knox and the boyfriend are charged with murder and sexual assault in the case . She said she later gave a confused and conflicting deposition to police because she was confused by the questioning and felt pressure from the investigators . She testified that on the night of November 1 , 2007 , when Kercher was killed , she was at her boyfriend 's house all night and not at home , where Kercher 's body was found the next day . Watch Knox take the stand " Knox is scheduled to resume testifying Saturday , when prosecutors plan to question her . The trial opened January 16 . After her testimony Friday , Knox 's father , Kurt Knox , said he thought his daughter did well on the stand and predicted that her innocence would become more apparent as the trial continues . Kercher family attorney Francesco Maresca , however , said the Knox on the stand Friday was a different person from the Amanda Knox seen at a preliminary hearing . She questioned who the real Amanda Knox is . On the stand Friday , Knox said she was with her then-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , on the night of November 1 . She said she checked her e-mails at his place before the couple had dinner , watched a movie , smoked a marijuana joint , made love and fell asleep . In the morning , Knox testified , she went home to the villa she shared with Kercher to take a shower . That 's when she noticed a series of "  strange things , " including dried blood in the sink and on the bath mat , unflushed feces in the toilet and a locked door to Kercher 's room . The door to the villa had been left open , too , but Knox said she figured one of her housemates had simply stepped out quickly for an errand or to go for a run . She said she called out but nobody answered . When Knox got back to Sollecito 's house , she told him about the strange things , and he suggested they call the police , Knox testified . Sollecito called his sister , a member of the Carabinieri , the Italian military police , Knox said . They returned to the girls ' villa to check whether anything had been stolen , Knox said . Once there they met Knox 's other roommate , Filomena Romanelli , and the Italian Postal Police . Watch Knox in court " As Knox stood outside , police went in and began shouting and banging down Kercher 's door , Knox said . Between trying to understand what police were saying and having Sollecito translate for her , Knox testified that she got a confused picture of what was going on . She sat in Romanelli 's car to warm up , and that 's when she heard Kercher was dead , Knox said . "  I closed in inside myself , " Knox testified in Italian . Continuing in Italian , but using English phrasing , she said , "  I was like , ` No , no , how can this be ? ' " Kercher 's body was found half-naked in her bed November 2 , 2007 . Prosecutors have said Kercher , 21 , died in a "  drug-fueled sex game " with Knox and Sollecito , now 25 . An investigating judge found that Kercher died fighting off a sexual assault . A third person , Ivory Coast native Rudy Hermann Guede , was convicted of murder in a fast-track trial in October and sentenced to 30 years in prison . He is appealing the verdict . Defense attorneys are expected to argue that sloppy police work tainted the physical evidence . Kercher suffered a knife wound to the neck . In court papers , prosecutors alleged that Sollecito held Kercher by her wrists while Knox poked her with a knife and Guede sexually assaulted her . Prosecutors have said that they have physical evidence placing the defendants at the scene and that the suspects gave investigators confusing and contradictory statements about their whereabouts the night Kercher died . Knox first said she was at the house she shared with Kercher but then changed her story , according to court records . Sollecito said he was never at the house but was at his apartment , watching a movie on his computer with Knox . Later , he told investigators he did not remember whether Knox was with him the entire night . Knox , wearing a short-sleeve white top , beige trousers and a ponytail , testified that she gave a November 6 deposition to police that was confusing because she felt pressured and intimidated by the way police were conducting the investigation . Another reason that Knox cited for giving a confused and conflicting deposition is that she did not realize that police planned to interrogate her that day . "  The declarations were taken against my will , and they were taken in a state of confusion and pressure by the police , " Knox testified before a packed courtroom , filled mostly with members of the media . Knox testified that an interpreter was there and encouraged her to remember facts , which led her to say things that she later retracted . She said police repeatedly called her a liar and mistreated her . When an attorney pointed out that police offered her tea at the end of questioning , he said it indicated that they treated her well . "  No , " Knox replied firmly . It was that confusion that led Knox to hand-write a statement November 7 laying out all that she knew and did n't about the slaying . "  I know I did n't kill Meredith . That 's all I know for sure , " Knox wrote in the statement , widely reported in the news . "  That night , it seems to me I was in Raffaele 's house , " she wrote . "  After dinner I noticed the blood on Raffaele 's hands , but I was under the impression it was blood from the fish . " On the stand Friday , Knox said she wrote the statement of her own will . "  I was not sure what was my imagination and what was my reality , " she said . "  Therefore I was confused . I knew I had to write this statement , so I made it clear when I signed that I was confused . " Knox , who testified in both English and fluent Italian , is also being sued by local bar owner Patrick Lumumba for defamation of character . He was arrested early in the case but was released for lack of evidence . Knox worked at his bar and initially told police that Lumumba was present when Kercher was killed . On November 10 , more than a week after the slaying , Knox told her mother from jail that she felt bad and felt responsible for Lumumba being behind bars . Asked by Lumumba 's attorney Friday why she did n't share that information with police -- knowing it might cast doubt on his guilt -- Knox said it was because she did n't feel comfortable answering their questions . "  Quite frankly , I did n't have a good relationship with either the police or the public -LSB- prosecutor -RSB- , because even he tried to suggest the answers I should give , " Knox testified . The trial is taking place in Perugia , a university town about 115 miles  185 kilometers  north of Rome . A panel of eight judges is hearing the case . The trial has drawn more than 140 journalists from 86 news outlets to the courthouse in Perugia . The presiding judge , Giancarlo Massei , has barred cameras from the courtroom and said he could completely close portions of the trial dealing with the most graphic sexual assault allegations .	American student Amanda Knox takes stand in well-publicized murder trial in Italy British student Meredith Kercher found dead in house shared with Knox in 2007 Prosecutors say they have evidence placing Knox , other defendants at scene Knox 's former boyfriend , Italian Raffaele Sollecito , also faces murder charges
CNN  It looks like the Republicans in Congress have failed again . House Republicans defeated a plan pushed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to fund the Department of Homeland Security , money that congressional Republicans have been holding hostage in their effort to overturn President Obama 's executive order on immigration . McConnell proposed that there would be a separate vote on the immigration issue . When Speaker John Boehner proposed an even narrower compromise , funding the Department for only three more weeks , his caucus said no . The final bill provides funding for one more week , at which point Congress needs to take up the issue again . Yet from a different perspective , congressional Republicans are achieving their goal . Once again they are using up a valuable chunk of President Obama 's political time . Congress has already squandered several months rather than addressing bigger questions , such as economic inequality or climate change , which the White House hoped to put at the center of political debate even if the Republicans refused to do anything about these problems . While the odds of the president making progress on key issues is extremely slim , President Obama has not even had a chance to introduce issues fully into public debate -- a key function of presidents who hope to build the groundwork for future legislative breakthroughs and shape the national conversation -- or to even to attempt to make progress on issues , like tax reform , where there is potential support for a bipartisan breakthrough . Using up the legislative clock has been central to the Republican strategy since the 2010 midterm elections , a tactic that the Democrats have found difficult to fight back against . The strategy has been pretty straightforward . Each time that President Obama tried to introduce a new issue to the nation , whether that has to do with immigration reform or economic inequality , Republicans have instantly shifted public attention elsewhere by threatening extreme action on some other area of policy . This is what Republicans did in 2010 and 2011 when they warned that they would not raise the debt limit ceiling if Democrats did not accede to their budget demands . Congress spent many months wrangling over the budget as they faced the real possibility of the federal government going into default . This was all that anyone in Washington was talking about . The GOP did the same with the threat of a government shutdown . Even though the possibility of repealing the Affordable Care Act is remote , Republicans keep bringing it up for a debate , forcing Democrats to defend the program and spending more time on a proposal that nobody really thinks stands a chance of passing . The "  tea party " faction of the House Republicans has been pivotal to this strategy as was clear this week . Since they have shown repeatedly that they are willing to employ the most extreme measures to defend their principles , and that they wo n't allow Boehner to rein them in for "  practical " political considerations , Democrats ca n't afford to take the threats lightly . Republican leaders can and have said to the White House they would like to find reasonable solutions to these problems , but with a nod to the Republican caucus , remind Obama that they do n't have full control . While it is true that these tactics have hurt the name brand of the GOP and place Republican presidential candidates at greater risk in 2016 , many congressional Republicans have been willing to suffer hits in the polls because the tactic has allowed them to continue using up time on the legislative calendar . Aside from vetoing bills , President Obama does n't have many options other than to watch the clock tick away . Now the GOP has done it again . Even if there is a resolution that continues funding for the Department of Homeland Security , months have been consumed on Capitol Hill . When the year began President Obama wanted to make economic inequality a defining theme for the year . He wanted to use the limited power he had to bring more attention to the growing divide between the rich and the poor , as well as the struggles facing middle class Americans . But he has only had limited success . Instead , he and his party have been consumed with this struggle over the budget bill . When House Republicans pushed their "  stop-gap " measure to fund Homeland Security for just another week , they were following the standard game plan . By avoiding permanent solutions to budgeting problems , and keeping the debate over these issues in play for even more time , the GOP continues to eat away at the president 's political clock . Usually political extremism does not have the virtues that Sen. Barry Goldwater claimed in his famous 1964 speech to the Republican Convention , but it sure can have short-term political benefits in Congress . Just ask Mitch McConnell , who can barely contain his grin .	Julian Zelizer : GOP hogs the spotlight with funding deadlines like the battle over money for the Department of Homeland Security . He says the continual crises deprive Obama of the chance to move his agenda forward even slightly
One month before the Winter Olympics begin in the Russian resort town of Sochi -- and in the shadow of last month 's deadly bombings in Volgograd -- a huge security operation has swung into gear . A special exclusion zone went into force Tuesday under which only Sochi-marked vehicles , emergency or specially accredited intelligence service cars will be allowed into the wider Sochi area . Air traffic and sea access will be restricted , and everyone going into the zone will have to go through heavy security and identity checks . Russia is pouring huge resources into ensuring that the Games , seen as a flagship project of President Vladimir Putin , go off without incident . Two bombings in 24 hours last month in Volgograd , one targeting the city 's main train station and the second a trolley bus , raised concerns of a potential threat to the Sochi event . No group has to date claimed responsibility for the attacks , but suspicion has fallen on Chechen separatist groups . A bitter battle for an independent Chechnya , lasting almost two decades , spawned an insurgency that has spilled into neighboring republics in the North Caucasus region , including Dagestan . Chechen warlord Doku Umarov , leader of the Islamist Caucasus Emirate group , last summer called on his followers to do what they can to disrupt the Games . He claims they will be held on the graves of Muslim occupants of Sochi , who he says were driven out by Russian imperial forces in the 19th century . Despite the shockwaves of the Volgograd attack , International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach said he was confident that Russia would keep the Winter Olympics safe . And , of course , Russia is not alone in suffering a terror attack a short time before hosting an Olympic event . The United States was still reeling from the September 11 , 2001 , attacks when it hosted the Salt Lake City Games in 2002 . Bombings in Russia 's Volgograd : What might be behind the attacks ? Lone suicide bombers The bombings in Volgograd , which lies about 400 miles  650 kilometers  from Sochi but is a major rail hub for passengers traveling to the Black Sea resort , were not the first such attacks Russia has faced . In 2002 , Chechen militants took 900 theatergoers hostage at the Dubrovka Theater in Moscow . Russian security forces stormed the building , killing all the rebels , but 130 hostages also lost their lives . In May 2004 , a bomb planted months earlier during construction ripped through a stadium in the Chechen capital of Grozny , killing the republic 's president , Akhmad Kadyrov . A horrifying attack by militants on a school in Beslan , North Ossetia , came only four months later . When the siege ended , more than 330 people had died , half of them children . More recently , Umarov 's group claimed responsibility for the deadly 2011 bombing of Domodedovo Airport in Moscow , the 2010 bombings of the capital 's subway and the 2009 bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train . Andrei Soldatov , an investigative journalist who specializes in the Russian intelligence services , told CNN he believes Russia 's militants no longer have the freedom of movement for this kind of large-scale terror attack -- but he 's not confident the intelligence services are prepared for the threat of lone suicide bombers . "  My basic explanation is that they 're still inspired by the Olympic Games in Moscow in 1980 , " he said . "  They seem to be obsessed with the idea of controlling everything and everybody , but I do n't think that 's the same thing as what you need to prevent a terror attack . " Retired police Col. Sergei Advienko has more faith in the abilities of his former intelligence counterparts . "  When the tactics of terrorists are changing , the anti-terrorist units have to change their tactics as well . And the utmost means in this field is intelligence , first of all , " he said . "  It 's not that easy to penetrate those cells , but still -- it is possible , it is done , it is done daily . " Bombings raise questions about Olympics security Soft targets ? What alarms many security analysts is not so much the threat to Sochi but that posed to softer targets farther afield . Matthew Clements , editor of IHS Jane 's Intelligence Review and a Russia expert , said the Olympic park , venues and infrastructure , such as the new rail link built to connect the Black Sea resort with the mountain venues , will be enormously well protected . "  That would be a prime target , but the extraordinarily high level of security put in place means that it would be very difficult for the militants to undertake a successful attack for one of these sites , " he said . There is a slightly higher risk of attack on softer targets in the wider Sochi area , Clements said . These could include train stations , hotels and major public squares . An attack on such a target "  could again cause major disruption to the Games , " he said . However , it would still be difficult for militants to travel into this security zone . Clements sees the greatest risk as being outside the immediate Sochi area , particularly softer targets such as transport infrastructure not directly linked to the Games . While such an attack would not directly disrupt the Games , it "  would have a significant psychological impact and would to a certain extent overshadow them , " he said . In the wake of the Volgograd attacks , Russian officials said they did not intend to change their security plans for Sochi -- since they were already so developed -- but vigilance will likely be stepped up elsewhere . All in all , Russia plans to deploy some 37,000 security personnel , according to the Ministry of the Interior . By comparison , 12,000 police and security personnel were deployed for the 2012 London Olympics , with 18,000 troops on standby , Clements said . "  It 's a smaller Games , and it 's got twice as many personnel , " Clements said of Sochi . "  It 's obviously a very , very significant deployment there . " Putin visits victims of Volgograd blasts Jihadist threat Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , agrees that "  Sochi is perhaps the best protected area in Russia " and will be difficult for militants to penetrate . But he said Russia faces an "  ever-present " threat despite some lulls between attacks . "  Essentially Russia has been living under the threat of terrorist attacks since the 1990s , " he said . This was initially linked to the war in Chechnya , he said , but since then has morphed from a separatist movement into a "  threat which is of a civilizational nature " from people who reject modern Russia and want to pursue a jihadist agenda . "  That unfortunately remains and will continue to be part of everyday life in Russia for , I think , the foreseeable future , " he said . Trenin , who formerly served in the Soviet and Russian armed forces , sees the threat as greatest in southern Russia cities such as Volgograd , which are relatively close to Sochi but not as well protected as Moscow and St. Petersburg . "  Southern Russia is very much accessible to the jihadists , but they can strike anywhere on the Volga River , on central Russia , " he said . The twin bombings in Volgograd caused grief and disbelief in Russia , he said , especially after the second attack -- staged when security had been stepped up . But the Games are still a great source of pride for many Russians as only the second Olympics held on Russian soil , he said , and there has been no call for people to stay away . "  It reminds me of the Boston Marathon bombing , " he said . "  In the wake of that attack , a lot of people came out and said , ` We will run in the marathon , we will come out in the street to demonstrate to the terrorists that they can not intimidate us . ' "  I felt some of that in the reaction around the world to the Volgograd bombings . " ` It 's better to lose money than to lose our lives ' It 's not yet clear what impact the security concerns will have on the number of foreign visitors to Sochi . But Jose Coira , 24 , from Houston , is one person who has canceled his trip to the Winter Olympics in the wake of the Volgograd attacks . He and his boyfriend , both keen to see the ice skating and snowboarding , had been planning the trip for a long time , Coira said . But the shock of the bombings , plus Coira 's disquiet over Russia 's position on gay rights following the passage of a controversial "  anti-gay propaganda " law last year , led them to make the difficult decision to cancel . "  With these attacks , I felt it was another sign we should not go for our safety , not just for us being LGBT but for our safety in general , " Coira told CNN . He was able to get a refund on his Sochi hotel booking but stands to lose the $ 4,000 he spent on flights and event tickets for himself and his partner . Coira , who runs an underwear business , also had a business meeting scheduled in Moscow to coincide with the Sochi trip but will lose out on the chance to launch his product in Russia for the moment . Coira said he might consider traveling to Russia in the future , but only if he feels safe there and if its stance toward the lesbian , gay and transgender community changes . "  How we feel is , it 's better to lose that money than to lose our lives , " he said . "  It 's very sad , we would love to go , but everything surrounding Russia right now does n't look very well . "	An exclusion zone goes into force in Sochi with one month to go before the Winter Olympics Restrictions are imposed on air , sea and road traffic in the Sochi area Experts say Sochi is well protected but warn militants could strike softer targets One U.S. man says he canceled his Sochi trip after bombings in Volgograd
Editor 's note : Mike Galanos hosts "  Prime News " from 5-7 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays on HLN . "  Prime News " uses the day 's most powerful headlines as a starting point for diverse perspectives , spirited debate and your points of view . Mike Galanos says child pornography charges are too harsh for teens caught "  sexting . " ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- "  Sexting . " Have parents out there ever even heard of this term ? Whether you want to admit it or not , teenagers are sending sexual messages and naked pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and girlfriends . In most cases it 's the girl sending a picture or message to the guy . If you 're thinking to yourself right now , "  What 's the big deal ? " then you should think again . This practice can ruin our teenagers ' lives . Six teens in Greensburg , Pennsylvania , were charged as juveniles with possessing child pornography after three girls sent nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves to three boys . It gets even worse . A 13-year-old boy in Middletown , Ohio , is facing felony pandering obscenities charges after taping a sex act and showing it to friends at a skating party . A felony ? Yes this kid needs to be punished but we do n't need our 13 or 14-year-olds charged with child porn and lumped in with adult pedophiles and labeled as sex offenders . I 've spoken with several attorneys on our show and it seems there is no one reason prosecutors are opting to charge teens with child porn instead of lesser charges . Some may be doing it to "  send a message . " Some may feel they have an obligation to charge these teens with the most serious offense possible and , according to the law , naked pictures of underage kids are usually considered child porn . And others may feel they are left with no options since there are n't really any laws that apply specifically to sexting . In any case , it 's clear we need to change our laws to catch up with technology . A great illustration of why change is needed now is the story of Phillip Alpert , of Orlando , Florida . He did n't ask , but his girlfriend sexted him naked pictures of herself , according to the Orlando Sentinel . When they broke up , he mass e-mailed the photos to get back at her . Alpert , 18 , was convicted of transmission of child porn and he will carry the label of "  sex offender " until he is 43 . He lost friends , was kicked out of school , he ca n't even move in with his dad because his dad lives near a school . Should Phillip be punished ? Yes . Should the six teens in Pennsylvania face consequences ? Yes . But let 's kick them off cheerleading squads and sports teams . Make them do community service and take classes on sex crimes . Educate other teens on the dangers of sexting . Pay a price , yes , but these young people should n't pay for this for the rest of their lives . And if you think this could n't happen to your kid , think again . Sexting is more prevalent than you think . The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy teamed up with CosmoGirl.com and asked over 1,200 teens about their sexual behaviors in cyberspace . According to their study , 39 percent of teens  that 's ages 13-19  are sending or posting sexually suggestive messages over IM , text or e-mail and around the same number of teens are receiving such messages . Half of those teens , 20 percent , are sending or posting nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves . That 's frightening . Why are our kids doing this ? On our show , psychotherapist Stacy Kaiser said , "  What I 'm finding is a lot of girls are doing this because they 're hoping it will help them get or keep a boyfriend . " The numbers agree with Stacy . According to the study , 51 percent of girls say it 's "  pressure from guys " that 's making them send sexual messages and pictures of themselves . So guys are expecting this and our girls are saying "  OK . " It makes me wonder how much progress we 've really made in how young women are viewed and treated . The bottom line : We need to educate , not incarcerate , our teens and it has to start with parents . Do n't let the culture indoctrinate your little boy or girl about sex before their time . So strike first as a parent . If your kids are older , let them know a digital record is for life . When little Suzie tries to win the affection of little Bobby by sexting him a picture , she is putting her future at stake . There is no control over that image or video once it gets out . But that does n't mean little Suzie should be charged as a child pornographer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Galanos .	Mike Galanos : Teens are sending explicit photos of themselves to other kids He says parents should be aware of what 's happening and educate children Galanos : Sexting should be punished but not treated as child pornography
CNN  -- A military officer trained in using psychological tactics to influence the emotions and actions of enemy troops told CNN Thursday her unit was ordered to used those skills to manipulate visiting lawmakers into securing more troops and funding for the war in Afghanistan . After a fellow officer questioned the legality of using "  psychological operations " on elected U.S. officers , both received reprimands that could threaten their military careers , she said . "  We 're not allowed to do that against any U.S. citizen , whether it is a congressman or my neighbor three doors down , " said Texas National Guard Maj. Laural Levine . "  That is the first thing you are taught -- never target Americans , ever . " Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , is ordering an investigation into allegations made by the leader of Levine 's unit , Lt. Col. Michael Holmes . The allegations are contained in a scathing Rolling Stone magazine report that was published Wednesday . Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan did not offer an outright denial of the story and said the probe would focus on "  determining the facts and circumstances raised " in it . Holmes told the magazine that a military team at Afghanistan 's Camp Eggers was ordered by Gen. William Caldwell , a three-star general in charge of training Afghan troops , to perform psychological operations on visiting VIPs over a four-month period last year . When the team devoted to what is known as information operations refused on grounds that it was illegal , it was subjected to a campaign of retaliation , the magazine said . "  My job in psy-ops is to play with people 's heads , to get the enemy to behave the way we want them to behave , " Holmes , the head of the "  information operations " unit , told Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings , who also wrote an article last year that led to the dismissal of Gen. Stanley McChrystal . "  I 'm prohibited from doing that to our own people , " he said . "  When you ask me to try to use these skills on senators and congressmen , you 're crossing a line . " Caldwell said in a statement to Rolling Stone that he "  categorically denies the assertion that the command used an Information Operations Cell to influence distinguished visitors . " But Holmes told the magazine he was reprimanded for refusing to carry out orders . Lapan , the Pentagon spokesman , said it was not necessarily improper for an information operations unit to create a dossier on visiting VIPs . "  It all depends on the circumstance and how it 's done , " he said . "  It 's the actions , not just the assignment . " He said the investigation will determine whether any of those actions were illegal . Defense Secretary Robert Gates did not respond directly to the allegations contained in the Rolling Stone article . But his office issued a written statement . "  Secretary Gates is aware of the allegations in the Rolling Stone article and believes it is important to determine what the facts are , " the statement read , "  so he fully supports General Petraeus 's decision to investigate this matter before drawing any conclusions . " The Department of Defense describes the role of psychological operations as the following : "  Induce or reinforce foreign attitudes and behavior favorable to the U.S. or friendly nation objectives by planning and conducting operations to convey information to foreign audiences to influence their emotions , motives , objective reasoning , and ultimately the behavior of foreign governments , organizations , groups , and individuals . " Federal law delineates the boundaries of such operations and states they "  will not target U.S. citizens at any time , in any location globally , or under any circumstances . " Holmes told Rolling Stone that Caldwell wanted the information operations team to provide a "  deeper analysis of pressure points we could use to leverage " visiting lawmakers for increased funding . The magazine said that Caldwell 's chief of staff also asked Holmes how the general could secretly manipulate the lawmakers without their knowledge . "  How do we get these guys to give us more people ? What do I have to plant inside their heads ? " he said , according to Hastings ' article . The report said that among those singled out in the campaign were Sens. John McCain , Joe Lieberman , Jack Reed , Al Franken and Carl Levin and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Reed told CNN 's John King that he was n't aware of any attempt by military personnel to manipulate him psychologically during trips to Afghanistan . The Democratic senator from Rhode Island said he 's traveled to Afghanistan 11 times in within the past decade . "  I never experienced anything unusual last year in contrast with my other visits , " said Reed . Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services , said he was "  confident the chain of command will review any allegation that information operations have been improperly used in Afghanistan . "	Officer speaks out about alleged order to use psychological manipulation on U.S. lawmakers The magazine said a special "  information operations " team was ordered to manipulate VIPs Gen. David Petraeus is ordering an investigation into the report The story was from a reporter whose earlier article brought down Gen. Stanley McChrystal
CNN  -- In accepting the Nobel Peace Prize last year , Yemeni activist Tawakkol Karman thanked women of the Arab world for her medal . Without their struggle to win equal rights , she would not be there , she said . The greatest challenge in that quest is not religion but the lack of economic and social development and a dearth of perceived security , said a Gallup Poll released Monday . "  The idea that coming in with a secular liberal social program as the solution to fixing how societies view women is n't supported by the evidence , " said Dalia Mogahed , executive director of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies . She said the women in the Middle East have very much the same priorities as women in America . They want to lead prosperous lives . "  The research shows that human development and overall education and economic empowerment are the most important interventions we can make to help women 's rights , " Mogahed said . Mideast women beat men in education , lose out at work The Gallup report urged policymakers to allow Arab women 's own priorities to guide efforts at gender equality . Gallup conducted multiple surveys of 1,000 people each time in Egypt , Bahrain , Syria , Tunisia , Yemen and Libya . The data was collected between 2009 and 2011 , before the the escalation of violence in Syria this year . In Libya , the surveys began in February 2010 and were restricted to eastern cities and did not include Tripoli . The survey found that both women and men rate their lives worse now than it was before the Arab Spring but believe they will be better in five years . The exception was in Egypt , where women and men rated their futures higher now than under Hosni Mubarak . A majority of women in Arab nations said they should have equal legal rights and equal access to education and employment . A majority of men , though smaller , agree , Gallup found . The biggest divide was in Tunisia , where 87 % of women and 59 % of men say women and men should have the same legal rights , "  which is surprising because it is often hailed as the most progressive Arab state on gender issues , " Gallup said . Also surprising , perhaps , was that Arab women were as likely as their male counterparts to favor sharia or Islamic law as a source of new legislation . In Egypt , where the once-banned Muslim Brotherhood dominated parliament before it was dissolved , women and men expressed similar support for Islamist parties and movements . "  The current fear of the rise of Islamists is important and we need to address that , " Mogahed said . "  So we attempted to look at how women feel about religion . There is n't a gender divide . " The Gallup report said male employment and education are linked to more progressive views of women 's rights and how men view the role of religion in society had no correlation to their views on gender equality . Among Arabs who said religion is important , 69 % supported divorce initiated by a wife . Among those who did not consider religion important , only 49 % supported such divorce . However , Arab women differ on religion depending on where they are , Gallup found . In Egypt , women are more likely to support an Islamist candidate , for instance , than women in Tunisia , which for years has been a secular state . Dalia Ziada , who heads a policy research center in Cairo , believes gender equality has to come from political leadership . What 's next for women in the Middle East ? "  Women 's rights will change from the top down . It will not change from grassroots up , " said Ziada , executive director of the Ibn Khaldun Center for Development Studies . "  It 's a grassroots movement that has been calling for freedom an economic rights but it did not call for women 's rights , " she said of the revolutionary movement in Egypt . She agreed that economic prosperity and education are top priorities for Egyptian woman but the main challenge for women is to become an essential part of the decision-making process . Ziada spoke from experience . The 30-year-old activist and blogger marched in the Tahrir Square protests that ousted Hosni Mubarak , but when she ran for parliament last fall on the liberal Justice Party ticket , her male colleagues refused to let her head the ticket , which meant her chances of winning votes were lower . They told her a woman could not win many votes , she said . She lost the election . "  Men do n't envision democracy with women in it , " said Ziada . "  They say , go back home . It 's not your time yet . " Gallup said a third of the protesters in the Egyptian revolution were women but many , like Ziada , feel left out of the nation 's transition to democracy . But Ziada , an observant Muslim , said she remains optimistic that the new president of Egypt will enact policies that empower women . "  That is the only way out , " she said . Some of the transitional Arab governments have recognized women 's participation in fomenting change . The Gallup survey said Tunisia required half of each party 's electoral list to be made up of women in last fall 's constituent assembly election . Women hold nearly 25 % of the seats . The poll also raised another troubling issue for Arab women : safety . Women in all the countries surveyed said they feel less safe to walk alone at night after the revolution . The most significant drop was in Tunisia where 78 % of women said they felt safe before the overthrow of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and only 30 % said they were safe last fall . Women in Egypt have reported being sexually assaulted while protesting on the streets and there were accusations of rape and sexual violence used by Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi 's forces during that country 's rebellion . "  The greatest barrier to women 's participation in public life may be their perception of lack of safety and respect , " Gallup said . Ziada said she feels scared to be in crowds in Cairo . "  Sexual harassment is real problem that has been happening in Egypt for so long , " she said . The Gallup report urged national leaders to address the perceived lack of safety "  to help increase women 's confidence to participate in all aspects of life , including politics . " In her Nobel speech , Karman , had addressed many of the issues raised in Gallup 's survey . "  The solution to women 's issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated , the energy of both women and men together , " she said . "  Our civilization is called human civilization , " she said , "  and is not attributed only to men or women . " Who are Middle East 's most influential women ?	A new Gallup poll finds Arab women have the same priorities as women in America Economic and social development are key to gender equality A perceived lack of safety is also a stumbling block for women 's participation Women are just as likely as men to favor legislation based on sharia or Islamic law
CNN  -- Once upon a time , work took place outside of the home during designated hours . Today , that world is a fairy tale . If you checked your work email this Thanksgiving , you 're likely aware that at most companies there is an unspoken expectation that employees tend to emails at all hours . It would be easy to blame heartless managers or short-sighted CEOs for the collapsing boundaries between work and life . But the causes of this cultural shift are far more complex . As Americans , we pride ourselves on hard work and self-sacrifice . As human beings , we thrive on feeling needed . Neurologically , certain elements of work can be addictive . Studies have found that satisfying curiosity about a novel event -- say , a new and unread email sitting in your inbox -- releases dopamine in the brain , which conditions us to check again and again . Despite the monumental shift in the accessibility of work , organizations continue to offer employees the same advice they did before the invention of the BlackBerry : Seek work/life balance . The idea holds inherent appeal . Too bad it 's a myth . For many of us , compartmentalizing our work and personal life is simply not possible , and not just because of the ubiquity of email . In a growing number of companies , work now involves collaborating with colleagues in different time zones , making the start and end of the workday a moving target . And even within organizations with more traditional hours , let 's face it -- standout employees are always working , even when they 're not attending conference calls or corresponding over email . They 're continuously plotting ahead and thinking up new ideas while showering , driving their kids to gymnastics , or drifting off to sleep . Until we come to terms with the fact that separating work from home is a fantasy , we ca n't begin to have an intelligent conversation about what it means to create thriving organizations . We can bemoan the blending of our professional and personal lives , or alternatively , we can look for innovative solutions . For the past decade I have been studying the science of human motivation , paying particular attention to how people can work more effectively . Over the course of reviewing thousands of academic articles for my book , I have repeatedly encountered a striking gap between the latest science and the realities of the modern workplace . Take , for example , the degree of control employees at your company possess over when and where they work . We tend to assume that granting workers too much leeway will lead to reduced effort ; that employees will take advantage unless they are closely supervised . Yet studies have repeatedly found that the opposite is true . Providing employees with more control over their schedule -- to the extent that flexibility is possible -- motivates them to work harder , produce higher-quality work , and develop greater loyalty for their company . Why is this the case ? For one thing , placing employees in control of their schedules encourages them to work during hours when they are most effective , instead of requiring them to sit comatose in front of a computer because it 's not yet 5 p.m. Most adults function best in the first few hours after waking . Others are sharper in the afternoon . Flexible work schedules allow employees in both camps to leverage their best hours instead of conforming to an artificial eight-hour "  shift " -- one that was originally designed to maximize the productivity of a factory , not human beings . Studies also show that employees with flexible schedules work more intensely . It 's because as humans , we are motivated by a norm of reciprocity . When a manager grants us the freedom of a flexible schedule , we seek to "  repay " that benefit by investing greater effort . Productivity aside , flexible working offers another crucial benefit -- it allows employees to resolve critical personal matters when needed , so that they can bring sharper focus and clarity to their work . No wonder workplace flexibility has been linked with a host of positive well-being outcomes , including higher job satisfaction , lower stress , and reduced work-family conflict . We live in a world in which it is acceptable for work to interrupt personal time . And yet we 're not as comfortable when personal time interrupts work . Why ? When organizations provide employees with a clear set of goals and entrust them to manage their time responsibly , making it acceptable for a worker to take an hour during the day to attend a yoga class , visit an elderly parent or welcome his or her child off the afternoon school bus , they generate commitment that ends up saving them money in the long term . Just ask Patagonia , a successful outdoor clothing manufacturer . Employees at the company 's California headquarters are empowered to set their own hours , given access to an on-site daycare and invited to take regular breaks during the day for exercise . Company restrooms even include private showers , transforming the prospect of an afternoon jog from an aspiration fantasy into a practical option . The result ? Over the past five years , Patagonia 's profits have tripled , while employee turnover has dropped to a fraction of the industry average . As for employee satisfaction ? In the words of Billy Smith , a 26-year-old Patagonia product tester , "  Landing this job was probably the best thing that ever happened to me . I feel like I represent the brand as much as it represents me . " Instead of endorsing the work-life balance myth , organizations are far better off empowering employees to integrate work and life , in ways that position them to succeed at both . Ultimately , it is companies that are quickest to realize that it is in their financial interests to care for the entire employee -- not just the sliver of them that sits in the office for 40 hours a week -- that stand to gain the greatest benefits in the form of stronger loyalty , higher engagement , and top performance .	Ron Friedman : Many people like the idea of work-life balance , but it 's a myth in America Friedman : The 8-hour shift , made for the days of factories , is an artificial construct He says companies should provide employees with more control over schedules Friedman : Flexible work times improve job satisfaction and lower stress
CNN  -- Flamboyant carnival musician Michel Martelly edged out former Haitian first lady Mirlande Manigat in a pivotal presidential runoff vote held last month , according to preliminary results released Monday . Martelly , 50 , took 67.6 % of the vote , while Manigat , 70 , received 31.5 % , according to Pierre Thibault , spokesman for Haiti 's Provisional Electoral Council . After the announcement , streets around the electoral council in Petionville filled with Martelly 's spirited supporters , who chanted "  Tete Kale , " or bald head -- one of Martelly 's many nicknames . The preliminary results were originally expected to be announced last week , but fraud forced the council to delay the announcement until Monday . Final results are scheduled to be announced April 16 . Martelly made a name for himself as the singer "  Sweet Mickey , " who sometimes drank rum straight from a bottle and ripped his clothes off during performances . But he shed his bad-boy image off-stage to take care of his family and educate his children . "  My life on stage was very different than it was at home , " Martelly said last year in the midst of violence after the November election . In early December , the electoral council announced that Manigat had won but lacked the majority of votes needed for an outright victory . Initial results put her in a runoff with government-backed candidate Jude Celestin . Haitians responded by charging fraud and burning cars , tires and Celestin 's campaign headquarters in Port-au-Prince . The third-place candidate , Martelly , claimed he had won more votes than Celestin and a review of results by an Organization of American States team supported that contention . The runoff vote was held March 20 and unfolded peacefully for the most part amid concerns that the return of former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide , a polarizing figure in Haiti , would disrupt the vote . Aristide arrived in Haiti two days before the runoff but has kept a low profile so far and did not endorse a candidate . If the preliminary results stand , Martelly will inherit a job laden with challenges as the impoverished country struggles to rebuild after last year 's devastating earthquake and a cholera epidemic . Martelly said in December that Haiti will go nowhere unless the people have a president they can trust , a president who is honest . "  I 've been on the ground with them for 22 years , " he said of his musical career . "  The people know me . I represent the light at the end of the tunnel . " Journalists Allyn Gaestel and Ross Velton and CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report	NEW : Streets fill with jubilant Michel Martelly supporters Martelly received 67.6 % of the vote , preliminary results show Runoff race against former first lady Mirlande Manigat was held last month Martelly : "  I represent the light at the end of the tunnel "
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- LeWeb founder Loic Le Meur is looking to "  digital hippies " as a potential theme for his next conference . The French entrepreneur runs the biggest tech gathering in Europe and he 's cautious to firm up a tagline too early . But when CNN caught up with him at the World Economic Forum in Davos , which he has attended for 11 years , he revealed what 's on his mind . Why Davos matters in social media age Le Meur is seeing a trend of entrepreneurs who reject money , fame and power -- they just want to be happy . They are digital hippies . Taking inspiration from events such as Nevada 's art and music festival "  Burning Man , " which he attended for the first time in 2012 , Le Meur told CNN digital hippies are : "  Vegan , they do n't drink alcohol , they want to know where their food comes from , they are trying to go slow when we are going fast . " He referenced Apple 's Steve Jobs and Virgin 's Richard Branson as examples of those who began business as digital hippies . Digital hippies are creating a sharing economy -- one that includes creations like Wikipedia , Airbnb and Lyft -- without a focus on exchanging cash . At Burning Man , Le Meur "  took $ 500 and came back with $ 500 . " The event , packed full of successful entrepreneurs , changed how he saw the world , Le Meur said . "  It is a little crazy . " Trump : Europe is open for business Le Meur said the theme may be a bit risky , and he 's a "  little scared " it will scare his sponsors . Although "  Peace , Tech and Love " seems a good tag , he added . Digital hippies are not the only trend on his radar . The return of hardware is another . In the world of apps , hardware can be unattractive for investors . But Le Meur points to the ability of hardware creations to entirely disrupt supply chains . "  We build websites , then apps , and now we are back to hardware , " Le Meur said . 3-D printing , for example , could revolutionize the way we buy products . "  You need a knife and fork ? You can print it . A glass ? You can print it . " Davos , a gathering of the world 's elite , could not be further from the idea of digital hippies , but it serves an important role , Le Meur says . "  It is the only place you can meet so many stakeholders . Instead of reading or watching the news you are in the news , " he says . "  I take out of it a lot of innovation , a lot of ideas , that you can use . But I do n't come here with a specific goal . I come here very curious and try to learn . "	LeWeb founder Loic Le Meur is looking to "  digital hippies " as a potential theme for his next conference Le Meur is seeing a trend of entrepreneurs who reject money , fame and power Digital hippies are not the only trend on his radar . The return of hardware is another Le Meur is a Davos veteran and says the forum is valuable for building relationships
Trenton , New Jersey  CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie had harsh words Thursday for the committee investigating allegations of abuse of power and the orchestrated lane closures at the George Washington Bridge , known to many as the "  Bridgegate " scandal . "  It 's absolutely not true and it is a completely , a completely partisan act to be doing the leaking that they are doing , " he said in response to a reporter 's question about claims that his lawyers would not hand over certain documents , citing executive privilege . The governor lambasted Democratic New Jersey Assemblyman John Wisniewski , co-chairman of the Select Committee on Investigation , saying he wanted to keep his name in the newspapers and his face on TV . "  We have fully cooperated , absolutely fully cooperated with them , and I am really growing tired of him , " Christie said at a news conference in Trenton , New Jersey . Accusing the assemblyman of leading a "  partisan pursuit , " he questioned the ethics of some committee members after a memo about interviews with police officers who worked at the bridge was leaked to the media last month . "  You know it 's not lost on me that I traveled to Mexico and then interview memos are leaked . And that 's not the first of the leaks that have happened in this , " Christie said . The committee has been digging for eight months , but Christie said it has found nothing to contradict statements he made in January during a marathon question-and-answer session with reporters about the lane closures . "  I 'm certainly beginning to have concerns about the level of openness that I 've showed to the committee , because when you show that level of openness , all they do is turn around and leak it to all of you rather than to be dealing with this in a responsible way . They 've been irresponsible , " he said . Saying that his administration has cooperated fully with the committee , Christie called on those leading the investigation to , "  Wrap up your work , do your job . "	New Jersey governor slams the committee investigating his role in the "  Bridgegate " scandal Chris Christie says the committee has made leaks that were motivated by partisanship After 8 months , the committee has found nothing contradicting his statements , Christie says
CNN  -- On Wednesday , the U.S. Supreme Court will review the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , a landmark legislation that cleared barriers to the ballot box for all American citizens . In Shelby County v. Holder , the Court will hear arguments on Section 5 -- the heart of the Voting Rights Act -- that allows the federal government to block state election practices that are discriminatory . A predominantly white county in Alabama , Shelby County , charges that the decision of Congress in 2006 to reauthorize Section 5 is unconstitutional . The case comes on the heels of a federal election last fall in which our nation witnessed the greatest assault on voting rights in more than a half century . Drastic cuts to early voting hours , restrictive photo ID laws , tens of thousands of registered voters being dropped from poll books due to illegitimate purges were only a few of the tactics used to keep people from voting . Desiline Victor , a 102-year-old Miami resident who was invited to join first lady Michelle Obama at the recent State of the Union address , stood in line for more than three hours to cast a ballot . Sadly , thousands of voters had to endure waiting times up to eight hours , prompting President Barack Obama to call for the nation to "  fix it . " New laws and policies are being considered on the state and federal level now that will make it harder to vote -- particularly for the elderly , the young and people of color . Without the protections afforded by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act , many Americans would find voting even more difficult . Election Day is the one day where we are all equal . Black , brown or white , rich or poor , we all have an equal say in the ballot box . Voting is the most fundamental pillar of a democracy and it is imperative that we keep elections free , fair and accessible to all . Opinion : Voting Rights Act and the South on trial As this important debate begins anew , here are five key misconceptions you need to know about the Voting Rights Act and why it remains as relevant today as the day it was originally signed . Section 5 unfairly punishes the South for its past This provision of the Voting Rights Act requires jurisdictions with a history of discriminatory voting practices to get federal "  pre-clearance "  essentially , permission from the Department of Justice  before changing any voting procedure . This applies to not just Southern states , but also to other states such as Alaska , Arizona , along with certain counties in New York , Michigan , South Dakota , New Hampshire and California . Once a state has demonstrated that it can fairly run elections for a period of 10 years , it can be exempted from Section 5 . In fact , every jurisdiction that has sought this "  bailout " since 1982 has been approved . The jurisdictions that remain covered by Section 5 have not applied for bailouts . They are not being punished for their past , but held accountable for their present practices . The formula is outdated Section 5 is not static , and dozens of jurisdictions have been added under the provision since it was first passed . In fact , Section 5 was reconsidered and reauthorized by Congress in 1970 , 1975 , 1982 and 2006 based on extensive evidence of continuing discrimination . The NAACP , Advancement Project and other civil rights advocates have long pushed for expanding Section 5 's "  pre-clearance " to include more states with voting problems , such as Ohio and Colorado , and more counties with records of egregious discrimination in voting . Doing so , however , takes Congressional action . So far , Washington 's lawmakers have not demonstrated the political will . We should not revoke critical protections for fair voting simply because Congress has failed to act on expanding them . Section 5 is no longer applicable The Voting Rights Act was passed not only for the most extreme acts of intimidation , but also for the small changes , such as literacy tests and poll taxes , that made voting harder for people of color and poor whites . The last few years leading up to the 2012 elections saw the greatest efforts to pass restrictive voting laws since the post-Reconstruction era , including limiting the type of ID that people can use , and requiring additional proof of citizenship to register and vote , all of which disproportionately impact people of color and the working poor . These adjustments unfairly shift the goal line and demonstrate why Section 5 is still needed . Section 2 is sufficient to ensuring fair voting procedures While Section 2 of the law bans voting practices that discriminate on the basis of race or ethnicity , it is enforced only through lawsuits . When lawsuits are filed , the burden of proof rests with the challenger  not the local or state government that has changed voting rules  . In contrast , Section 5 ensures that discrimination ca n't take hold by blocking problematic policies from going into effect in the first place . Without these precautions , unfair voting policies would go unchecked , leaving disenfranchised voters to face harm later . The country reelected an African-American president , with a large share of support from black and Latino voters , so we no longer need their votes to be protected by Section 5 Section 5 made a difference in the 2012 elections . It blocked restrictive photo ID laws in Texas and South Carolina , and was used to reject a Texas redistricting plan that would undercut Latino voting power . And as the U.S. Department of Justice reviews Mississippi 's photo ID law , that measure is on hold . It is against this backdrop that the Supreme Court will hear the challenge to Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act . Losing this provision would signal a green light for even more partisan legislatures to manipulate election laws for political gains . At a time when voting rights are increasingly under attack , we should be expanding federal oversight of voting laws -- not scrapping the most effective civil rights legislation ever enacted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Penda D. Hair and Benjamin Todd Jealous .	On Wednesday , the Supreme Court will review the Voting Rights Act of 1965 Penda Hair , Benjamin Jealous : Losing Section 5 of the Act would harm our democracy Leading up to the 2012 elections , we saw great efforts to pass restrictive voting laws , they say Hair , Jealous : Without Section 5 of the Act , unfair voting policies would go unchecked
CNN  -- One year ago this week , President Barack Obama launched the Atrocities Prevention Board to find ways to get ahead of the kind of crisis we 're seeing in Syria , and the kind we witnessed in Darfur and Rwanda . The board 's aim is to shift U.S. foreign policy away from responding to atrocities to preventing them ; to oversee the development of prevention and response policy , and to deal with urgent situations as they arise . The board is under the chairmanship of the National Security Council and is a result of a decades-long effort by the global anti-genocide community . It marks its one-year anniversary 10 years after the genocide began in Darfur , and nearly 20 years after Rwanda . Given the changing nature of warfare , the board -- and the 12 agencies that compose it , including State , Defense , Homeland Security , CIA , and the Agency for International Development -- also was charged with suggesting ways in which conflict prevention could be more nimble and effective . The problem , however , is that we 're still using hardware to fix a software problem . And we 're not particularly nimble . In a fast-moving , interconnected , and open-information world , anticipating and preventing armed conflict or mass atrocities requires tools that are equally as fast , flexible and high-impact as the modern perpetrators of violence . We do n't need new targeted sanctions programs , visa bans , or expanded military authorizations . These are old tools , more reflective of an outdated , hard-powered and overly militarized approach to engagement than those needed to counter 21st-century security threats . The tools we need are people who are well-trained , technologically connected , fully empowered and well-resourced in hot spots throughout the world . These people , American and local , collect our intelligence , design and inform our early warning systems , quell political unrest through diplomacy and development , and train the next generation of leaders in conflict regions to read and write , legislate and litigate , reignite broken economies and repair eroded social fabric . What work did we do in the last 10 years in Syria or Libya to empower civil society in conflict prevention , invest robustly in strengthening governance , access to justice and the rule of law , and expand information networks and open communication ? We did very little . This work -- building human capacity in countries in turmoil and expanding systems for information sharing -- is the single most cost-effective approach to atrocity prevention when the true objective is sustainable peace . And yet we have left meager footprints on these fronts in Afghanistan or Iraq . As the Atrocity Prevention Board begins its second year , the road ahead must be redesigned to better reflect these recommendations . If we want to prevent more situations like Syria , we must work closely with Congress to protect or increase funding for the State Department 's Conflict Stabilization Operations and the Complex Crises Fund , international organizations , transition initiatives , and programs focused on access to justice , governance and security reform , human rights and social inclusion . How do we get Congress to fund this critical atrocities prevention work in the age of sequesters and cost-cutting measures ? Engage the American public . The public will be essential for atrocities prevention efforts to succeed . The American public is behind us on this . According to a poll by the U.S. Holocaust Museum , seven in 10 Americans think the United States should prevent or stop genocide or mass atrocities from happening in another part of the world . Engagement with the American public is an untapped resource of support . Yet , a year after the board was established , a clear mechanism for civil society to engage in its work does not exist . We commend the Obama administration -- along with civil society , international institutions , think tanks and academics and activists in anti-genocide and prevention -- for their efforts to advance our national understanding of modern day conflict , and our ability to respond in a truly paradigm-shifting way . The Atrocities Prevention Board filled a major hole in U.S. foreign policy and sets a promising trajectory for increasing the U.S. and international community 's ability to prevent mass atrocities . But more work is needed . Now it is time to take that commitment to the next level by issuing an executive order spelling out the U.S. government 's strategy for preventing mass atrocities and the key tasks of those charged with making it happen . We can stop the next genocide . We can prevent the next violent conflict . But to do so , we have to commit the resources early , not after atrocities have already started . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	President set up Atrocities Prevention Board to get ahead of potential genocides The board 's aim is to shift U.S. policy away from responding to atrocities to preventing them Writers : Congress needs to put long-term efforts in place in potential hot spots Writers : Sanctions , visa bans or military operations do n't work in modern-day conflicts
CNN  -- Moments after Germany defeated the United States 1-0 Thursday at the World Cup , the globe 's biggest sporting spectacle , frenzied U.S. fans danced and cheered in the humid air under New York 's Manhattan Bridge overpass in Brooklyn . One more jubilant celebration -- sans a victory . Even in defeat , Team USA earned a spot in the last 16 of the World Cup after limping out from one of the tournament 's toughest groups . They lost their final Group G game but still qualified , despite Portugal defeating Ghana 2-1 . "  This is bigger than a moment , " said a frantic fan in Brooklyn who was among the thousands who gathered at various locations around the nation to watch the big match . "  It 's a movement . People are getting behind U.S. soccer . " Sales manager Dave Bogart said his heart was beating "  a mile a minute " after Team USA 's improbable advance from the feared "  Group of Death . " Thomas Muller 's second-half strike condemned the U.S. to defeat following a rain-soaked match in Recife , Brazil . But star Cristiano Ronaldo 's late strike for Portugal inflicted defeat on Ghana and ensured the Americans qualified in second place on goal difference . The American squad will now travel to Salvador , where its opponent will be Belgium on Tuesday . "  Every four years you get to see the game grow , " Bogart told CNN under the Manhattan Bridge . World Cup fever , American-style , lives -- at least until Tuesday . From now on , any loss for a team means the end of its World Cup hopes . Throughout the country -- from outdoor viewing events in the nation 's capital , New York and Chicago , to office lunch parties and crowded sports bars -- Thursday , June 26 , 2014 , was a national holiday of sorts . Meetings were canceled . Students played hooky . Doctors ' letters were forged . Some bosses simply gave up , ordered pizzas and put on the game . That fever was in full view at breakfast time when an unnamed World Cup fan from suburban New York gulped down a cold beer at Jack Demsey 's Pub in Midtown Manhattan . At an hour when New Yorkers are packing onto subway trains for their morning commute , the pub was already standing-room only . "  I actually got out of work with a concussion , " said the superfan , who declined to give his name for obvious reasons . For many early risers , the breakfast of champions included pints of stout , ale and cider , fireball shot specials and spicy chicken wings . For 90-some minutes starting at noon Thursday , most of America seemed to stop . A year of method acting helped the superfan with his concussion charade , as did a "  real doctor 's note from a real doctor , " he said . "  I had to be off for two weeks , and I could n't think or do anything , " he told CNN . "  I put that  method acting  to use as a diehard soccer fan . " U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann , the man who transformed Germany into a powerhouse team , on social media gave America 's workforce permission to take a day off . His note said , in part , that the absence is for a "  good cause " and that Team USA needs the "  full support of the nation " in order to advance to the next round . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo tweeted back : "  NYS stands strongly behind you . I 'm approving an extra hour for lunch today . " On Sunday , 20,000 people showed up for the World Cup watch party at Chicago 's Grant Park for the USA-Portugal match , CNN affiliate WBBM reported . But Thursday 's crowd , which was expected to be bigger than Sunday 's , turned out to be about 5,000 . In California , at the headquarters of Edmunds.com , workers pecked away on their laptops while watching the game . The average age of workers at the Santa Monica headquarters of the car-buying website is 35 . Edmunds CEO said he recognized a growing interest in soccer . "  We wanted to be open about it and allow them to watch the game , just so long as they  employees  get results , " CEO Avi Steinlauf said . "  We 'd rather have it this way , watching in a conference room , than trying to check the score on their phones or computers . " The final score did n't seem to matter much Thursday . The team advanced . As the superfan at Jack Demsey 's Pub put it , his real affliction was not a concussion . "  The only thing I had was soccer fever , and the only prescription is more soccer , " he said . "  When we win , it is the greatest feeling in the world . It 's one of the rare sports that really shows the patriotism that is America . " For many on Thursday , even defeat felt great . U.S.-Germany match goes on despite downpour CNN 's Richard Roth , James Masters , Chris Welch , Brian Vitagliano , Elizabeth Landers , Paul Vercammen and Marisa Marcellino contributed to this report .	"  People are getting behind U.S. soccer , " fan says Throughout the U.S. , World Cup fever takes hold Thursday , June 26 , 2014 , becomes a national holiday of sorts
CNN  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 -- hailed by some as the most important legislation in American history -- was signed into law 50 years ago Wednesday . It was known as the "  bill of the century . " But many Americans today probably could n't say exactly what the legislation accomplished . "  It 's really the law that created modern America , " said Todd S. Purdum , author of "  An Idea Whose Time Has Come . " "  Its goal was to help finish the work of the Civil War , 100 years after the war had ended , and to make the promise of legal equality for blacks and whites , even though actual equality is elusive to this day . " The law revolutionized a country where blacks and whites could not eat together in public restaurants under Jim Crow laws , or stay at the same hotel . It outlawed discrimination in public places and facilities and banned discrimination based on race , gender , religion or national origin by employers and government agencies . It also encouraged the desegregation of public schools . "  This did all of those things . It changed everything about ordinary life for black Americans all over the country , " Purdum said . "  I think when you try to explain to people today -- I have children 10 and 14 years old , and I do n't think they can really imagine a world like  this  existed before this law . " The act had the longest filibuster in U.S. Senate history , and after a bloody , long civil rights struggle , the Senate passed the act 73-27 in July 1964 . It became law less than a year after President John F. Kennedy 's assassination . Read the full act here Here are a few surprising facts about how the Civil Rights Act of 1964 became law : 1 . More Republicans voted in favor of the Civil Rights Act than Democrats In the 1960s , Congress was divided on civil rights issues -- but not necessarily along party lines . "  Most people do n't realize that today at all -- in proportional terms , a far higher percentage of Republicans voted for this bill than did Democrats , because of the way the Southerners were divided , " said Purdum . The division was geographic . The Guardian 's Harry J. Enten broke down the vote , showing that more than 80 % of Republicans in both houses voted in favor of the bill , compared with more than 60 % of Democrats . When you account for geography , according to Enten 's article , 90 % of lawmakers from states that were in the Union during the Civil War supported the bill compared with less than 10 % of lawmakers from states that were in the Confederacy . Enten points out that Democrats still played a key role in getting the law passed . "  It was also Democrats who helped usher the bill through the House , Senate , and ultimately a Democratic president who signed it into law , " Enten writes . 2 . A fiscal conservative became an unsung hero in helping the Act pass Ohio 's Republican Rep. William McCulloch had a conservative track record -- he opposed foreign and federal education aid and supported gun rights and school prayer . His district  the same one now represented by House Speaker John Boehner  had a small African-American population . So he had little to gain politically by supporting the Civil Rights Act . Yet he became a critical leader in getting the bill passed . His ancestors opposed slavery even before the Civil War , and he 'd made a deal with Kennedy to see the bill through to passage . "  The Constitution does n't say that whites alone shall have our most basic rights , but that we all shall have them , " McCulloch would say to fellow legislators . Later , he would play a key role in the 1965 Voting Rights Act and the 1968 Fair Housing Act and become part of the Kerner Commission , appointed by the Johnson administration to investigate the 1967 race riots . Kennedy 's widow , Jacqueline Kennedy , wrote him an "  emotional " letter when he retired from Congress in 1972 . "  You made a personal commitment to President Kennedy in October 1963 , against all interests of your district , " she wrote . "  There were so many opportunities to sabotage the bill , without appearing to do so , but you never took them . On the contrary , you brought everyone else along with you . " 3 . Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. met for the first and only time during Senate debate on the act The two leaders met briefly on March 26 , 1964 , while they were both on Capitol Hill to hear debate on the 1964 Civil Rights Act . That brief encounter was captured by photographers . "  Well , Malcolm , good to see you , " King greeted Malcolm X. "  Good to see you , " he replied . Known for his direct rhetoric in denouncing America 's treatment of African-Americans , Malcolm X was a stark contrast to King , who preached tolerance and peace in achieving equal rights . Some scholars say the two could have formed an alliance , as Malcolm X moved away from the Nation of Islam . But it never happened : Malcolm X was shot and killed less than a year after their first and only encounter . King was assassinated in 1968 . 4 . The act did n't help just black Americans Women , religious minorities , Latinos and whites also benefited from the Civil Rights Act , which would later serve as a model for other anti-discrimination measures passed by Congress , including the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act . Under the Civil Rights Act , women who had been fired because they became pregnant , or were not hired because they had small children , now had recourse . As a result of Title VII , "  male only " job notices became illegal for the first time . Before the Civil Rights Act , women made up less than 3 % of attorneys and less than 1 % of federal judges ; now they make up nearly a third of lawyers , according to the National Jurist , and three of the nine Supreme Court Justices are women . The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission was also created by the law , giving women a workable "  hammer " with which to shatter the glass ceiling . 5 . A segregationist congressman 's attempt to kill the bill backfired Virginia 's Democratic Rep. Howard W. Smith was a staunch segregationist and strongly opposed the Civil Rights Act . Smith , who was chairman of the House Rules Committee , came up with many tactics to discourage the passage of the bill 's Title VII , which would outlaw employment discrimination because of race , color , religion or national origin . When Smith added the word "  sex , " the House reportedly laughed out loud . The ploy was Smith 's attempt to quash support among the chamber 's male chauvinists on the grounds that the bill would protect women 's rights in the workplace , according to Clay Risen in his book "  The Bill of the Century . " Despite resistance , and complex motives , the act eventually passed , laying the groundwork for legal battles to ensure equal employment opportunities for women . And whether he intended to or not , Smith ended up helping to set the stage for modern feminism . 6 . The 1964 law did n't do much to address discrimination at the ballot box Black men were granted the right to vote in 1870 under the 15th Amendment  women followed 50 years later  . Yet many obstacles -- including literacy tests and poll taxes -- prevented most blacks in the South from casting ballots . Just a few months before the Voting Rights Act , the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified to remove poll taxes as a condition for voting in federal elections . All the 1964 Civil Rights Act did was to mandate the same voting rules nationwide . It was n't until the following year that the 1965 Voting Rights Act would suspend the use of literacy tests .	Wednesday marks the 50th anniversary of the signing of the 1964 Civil Rights Act "  It changed everything about ordinary life for black Americans , " says Todd Purdum The act holds the record for sparking the longest filibuster in the history of the U.S. Senate
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An Iraqi report on last month 's shootings involving security contractor Blackwater USA called the incident "  pre-meditated murder " and is calling for $ 8 million in compensation for each of the 17 Iraqis who died , a senior Iraqi government official said Monday . Lawyer Hassan Jabbar lies in a hospital after being injured in a shooting involving Blackwater contractors . The results of the Iraqi investigation into the shootings is complete and will be presented to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government for review , the official said . The report calls for the payments to go to the families of each of those killed in the shootings , he said . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said Sunday that the Iraqi commission investigating the shootings has accused the company 's guards of firing indiscriminately and without provocation on citizens and violating the rights of Iraqis . Blackwater said its contractors "  acted lawfully and appropriately in response to a hostile attack , " and "  the civilians reportedly fired upon by Blackwater professionals were , in fact , armed enemies , and Blackwater personnel returned defensive fire . " The September 16 shooting also left 27 other people wounded , al-Dabbagh said . Seven vehicles were also destroyed in the incident , which occurred around Nusoor Square in western Baghdad . Al-Dabbagh said the commission , formed September 22 , determined there was no evidence the Blackwater convoy was under direct or indirect fire . "  Not even a stone was thrown at them , " al-Dabbagh said . He added the contractors violated the rules of conduct and regulations for private security firms operating in Iraq . "  They must be held accountable according to the law , " he said . However , security contractors have immunity from Iraqi law under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation . Watch how supervision has been tightened on contractors " Blackwater security contractors were guarding a State Department convoy . The company is one of a number of private security contractors in Iraq . Last month 's shooting has sparked fury in both countries and led to a series of new steps reviewing the role of U.S. contractors in Iraq . The Iraqi-American joint committee met for the first time Sunday to begin reviewing security operations . It plans to issue a report offering recommendations to the Iraqi and U.S. governments . Border crossings reopen Five border crossings between Iran and Iraq 's Kurdish region have been reopened , an Iraqi Kurdish regional government spokesman said . Iran closed its border with the Iraqi region nearly two weeks ago to protest the U.S. military 's incarceration of an Iranian arrested September 20 in Sulaimaniya . The U.S. military maintains that Mahmoud Farhadi was posing as a businessman with a trade delegation and was in charge of Zafar Command , one of three units of the Ramazan Corps of the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ' Quds Force . Iraqi President Jalal Talabani blasted the United States for the arrest , saying Farhadi is an Iranian civil servant who was on an official trade mission in the region . The U.S. military has long accused Quds Force agents of training and equipping Iraqi insurgents , an allegation Iran vehemently denies . Other developments CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	"  Not even a stone was thrown at them , " Iraqi official says of Blackwater guards Iraq says 17 Iraqis killed by Blackwater guards in Baghdad square Blackwater , Iraqi officials have starkly different accounts of what happened Iraqi panel is calling for $ 8 million per victim in the September 16 shooting
CNN  -- The crew of an Italian ship seized by pirates on Monday was freed Tuesday thanks to an operation by U.S. and British troops working with the Italian military , the Italian Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . Eleven pirates who hijacked the Montecristo surrendered to the troops operating under NATO 's Operation Ocean Shield , the ministry said in a statement . All crew members are safe , the ministry said . They barricaded themselves in the engine room after throwing a message overboard in a bottle and putting up a cardboard sign to let rescuers know where they were . They were able to retain control of the ship 's steering , even though the pirates destroyed the ship 's communications equipment , a NATO officer said . The USS De Wert was the first ship to arrive on the scene , and monitored the hijacked vessel until the British ship HMS Fort Victoria arrived with a boarding team , Lt. Gwenn Laine of NATO told CNN . The pirates threw their weapons into the sea as the boarding team closed in , and stood on deck to surrender once they boarded , Laine said . He praised the crew for following "  best maritime practices , " saying that by barricading themselves in a safe place they probably avoided violence . The pirates are in NATO custody , said Laine , who works with the alliance 's Operation Ocean Shield . The captain sent a message Monday indicating that the vessel had been attacked by a ship with five armed people on board , the D'Alesio Group said in a statement . The captain immediately activated security procedures , the statement said . The ship was about 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  east of the Somali coast at the time . The crew includes 23 people from Italy , Ukraine , and India , the D'Alesio Group said . Their rescue came shortly after Italy said it would start putting military guards on ships traversing the pirate-infested waters off the coast of Somalia Defense Minister Ignazio La Russa is signing an agreement Tuesday with the confederation of Italian shipowners to put military guards on board vessels in the area of the Indian Ocean at risk from Somali pirates , his ministry told CNN . Both NATO and the European Union have naval missions dedicated to protecting ships in the region , but hijackings remain common . As of late September there were some 400 hostages held by Somali pirates , according to the International Maritime Bureau . There have been 24 successful hijackings this year to date and 194 incidents . The number of incidents is up from last year , but the number of successful hijackings down , according to the IMB . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Chris Lawrence , Claudia Rebaza , Gisella Deputato , Laura Perez Maestro and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : The crew threw a message overboard in a bottle to say they were safely barricaded Italy 's defense minister is signing a deal with Italian ship owners The area has become infested with pirates Somali pirates hold about 400 hostages , the International Maritime Bureau says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- At 678 , California has the nation 's largest death row population , yet the state has not executed anyone in four years . A poll of 500 police chiefs found the death penalty ranked last among their priorities for reducing violent crime . But it spends more than $ 130 million a year on its capital punishment system -- housing and prosecuting inmates and coping with an appellate system that has kept some convicted killers waiting for an execution date since the late 1970s . This is according to a new report that concludes that states are wasting millions on an inefficient death penalty system , diverting scarce funds from other anti-crime and law enforcement programs . "  Thirty-five states still retain the death penalty , but fewer and fewer executions are taking place every year , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center . "  But the overall death row population has remained relatively steady . At a time of budget shortfalls nationwide , the death penalty is turning into an expensive form of life without parole . " His group commissioned the study released Tuesday . A privately conducted poll of 500 police chiefs released with the report found the death penalty ranked last among their priorities for reducing violent crime . Only 1 percent found it to the best way to achieve that goal . Adding police officers ranked first . The death row population in 2007 , the most-recent statistic available from the Justice Department , was 3,220 . It was at 2,250 two decades ago , but the numbers have not grown significantly since 2000 . Forty executions have occurred so far in 2009 in 10 states , all by lethal injection . That total is up from 37 for all of last year , but less than half of the high of 98 , from 10 years ago . The Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 . Ohio recently suspended lethal injections after corrections officials were forced to cancel the execution of Romell Broom last month , when a suitable vein could not be found after two hours of trying . Virginia plans a Nov. 10 execution for John Allen Muhammad , the so-called Beltway Sniper , convicted of randomly killing 10 people in 2002 with a high-powered rifle . The Death Penalty Information Center study found that death penalty costs can average $ 10 million more per year per state than life sentences . Increased costs include higher security needs and guaranteed access to an often lengthy pardon and appellate process . The group is an information resource on capital punishment , and opposes its application as unworkable , inefficient and prone to mistakes . Florida , where two men have been put to death this year , spends an average of $ 24 million per execution . That average has remained consistent since 2005 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Many death penalty proponents say part of the problem is that states have added unnecessary , time-consuming delays , and have been reluctant to carry out the death penalty that their own legislatures have enacted . They say states should carry out the wishes of judges and juries that weighed evidence and imposed death on the worst murderers . Death penalty supporters acknowledge that states outside the South have been reluctant to impose the punishment , even in the face of rising big-city crime rates . "  I think we need to build support for the death penalty and need to impose it more regularly where it is warranted , " Kent Scheidegger , legal director of the Sacramento , California-based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation told CNN earlier this year . Having the death penalty can offer powerful incentives in plea bargaining , Scheidegger said , and could provide states with large savings in trial and incarceration costs . His group conducted a study earlier this year comparing murder cases resolved by guilty plea with those that went to trial . In states with the death penalty , the average county obtained sentences of at least 20 years in almost 51 percent of cases in which the defendant was charged with murder and convicted of murder or voluntary manslaughter . Those sentences were reached through a guilty plea in about 19 percent of the cases . In states without the death penalty , sentences of at least 20 years were obtained in 40 percent of those cases , but only 5 percent were guilty pleas , about one-quarter of the number in the death penalty states . That study relied on U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics data from 33 large urban counties . One example cited by Scheidegger of the plea bargaining effect involved Shaun Earl Arender . He confessed this year to the sexual assault and murder of 6-year-old Hanna Mack in Texas , and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in return for avoiding the death penalty . Texas consistently leads the nation with the most executions . Eleven state legislatures have considered repealing the death penalty this year . New Mexico has banned it , and Maryland has narrowed the criteria under which it can be used . Kansas , New Hampshire and the U.S. military are the only jurisdictions that have death penalty laws but have not conducted any executions since 1976 . Lethal injection is used in the vast majority of executions , but electrocution , the gas chamber , hanging and firing squad remain as alternative methods .	Study : Death penalty costs can average $ 10M more per year per state than life terms Eleven state legislatures have considered repealing the death penalty this year Study relied on U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics data from 33 large urban counties
I was gob-smacked as we made our final approach into the ruins of the airport in Tacloban -- the first major population center in the Philippines to be struck by Super Typhoon Haiyan . Entire forests of palm trees on hilltops had been flattened by the sheer force of the storm . I 'd never seen anything like it . It was a sight the other Filipino passengers on our plane had never seen either . As we got closer to the town we could make out villages , their roads completely flooded . Then Tacloban itself -- it looked completely devastated . It was as if a giant hand had come from the sky and just crushed it . The damage was primarily caused by a wall of ocean water -- a storm surge -- so powerful it had even lifted up ships and tossed them onto dry land -- onto what had been houses . These scenes brought home the fact that an entire city of more than 200,000 people had been destroyed . I was on an aerial tour of the storm-hit region with government officials . The scene was pretty overwhelming . You 've got people wandering around in a city that 's been leveled so they were looking for everything : water , shelter and hot food . Some were also concerned about lawlessness . One of the first people I talked to expressed concern about the looting of what had n't been destroyed by the storm in the town . He was the owner of a local chain of donut shops . He told me people were actually stealing furniture from one of his "  Mr. Donut " franchises . He said he and other property owners were now arming themselves for protection . He also wore a little green whistle around his neck -- they 'd been using them as a kind of makeshift alarm system to protect their street . IN PICTURES : Trail of destruction "  We have firearms , we will shoot within our property , " he warned . "  We are afraid of being robbed . " Back in the air , we flew west to survey other areas affected by Haiyan . We saw damage caused by the record high winds -- everywhere you looked houses had lost their roofs -- but the damage was not on the scale of Tacloban because these areas had not been smashed by the wall of Pacific Ocean water during the storm surge . I spoke to the chairman of the Philippines Red Cross , Richard Gordon . He was concerned about other communities along the eastern coast of the island of Leyte -- where Tacloban is located -- as well as the neighboring island of Samar . He explained this was where U.S. General Douglas MacArthur chose to land his allied forces during World War II because of its easy access from the Pacific , which explains why it was also vulnerable to the tsunami-like effects of the storm surge . He told me he was afraid many other communities were also hit but could n't give estimates of casualties at this point due to the difficulties accessing many parts of this region . He said aid workers were in shock because they 'd seen so many dead bodies already . When you have whole communities destroyed , it 's important to note that the first responders -- often from these same areas , they are also victims . That dramatically hampers the rescue effort because your policeman , fireman , ambulance man have also probably suffered enormous losses and are themselves in shock and trying to cope . There are so many unknowns at this stage -- such as how many people could have been sucked back out to sea during the storm surge . The Philippines Civil Aviation director I traveled with -- a former air force commander -- told me the local air force base commander in Tacloban was swept out to sea . Remarkably , he was found on another island hours later and is now recovering in hospital . But in many areas the scene is depressing because it 's clear the more rudimentary the construction of the housing , the more vulnerable they are to the force of the elements . The poorest people are always the hardest hit . What little they have is gone and they do n't know where to turn to . Tacloban is a small place in relative terms to the rest of the Philippines , but you 're still talking about around 200,000 people made homeless in a matter of hours . There are already signs of recovery in some areas less affected by the typhoon , as people set about rebuilding their homes and businesses . At the same time -- even though they were away from the storm surge -- many of these people -- even those in their 60s and 70s -- say this was the worst storm they 'd ever witnessed , and this is a country accustomed to at least 20 typhoons a year . While the government issued warnings to evacuate ahead of the typhoon , no-one anticipated a storm that could generate a wall of water powerful enough to break through the sea wall protecting the airport in Tacloban . It literally smashed open stretches of the seawall and washed away concrete buildings . That 's something new for this country -- a country that is no a stranger to typhoons and even earthquakes .	CNN 's Ivan Watson toured the typhoon-devastated region by air Destructive power of storm surge most apparent around city of Tacloban Seen from the air , forests of palm trees flattened , flooded villages Red Cross fears death toll could rise when extent of disaster is fully known
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Search and rescue teams are searching for more than 100 people still missing after a river-going ferry capsized in Bangladesh , with three bodies recovered so far , a police official says . The boat , the Pinak-6 , capsized late Monday morning in the Padma river , around 60 km  37 miles  south of Bangladesh 's capital , Dhaka . Witnesses said the ferry had about 300 people on board when it sank . Jakir Hossain Majumder , a superintendent of police , told CNN three bodies had been found and up to 129 passengers remained missing , Some 110 people survived the accident , he said . "  The ferry was overcrowded and the river was very rough because of bad weather , " Majumder said . Authorities denied reports that the accident happened because of a collision . One of the survivors , Abul Hossain , said that most people traveling on the boat 's deck survived , but passengers in the cabins remained missing . Exact numbers of missing were not initially available , as passenger manifests are often disregarded in the country . Overcrowding of ferries is a persistent problem in Bangladesh , which sees scores of casualties from ferry accidents every year . Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has asked rescuers to take all necessary steps to facilitate the rescue operation , and salvage the stricken vessel , the national news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha , reported . In May : 12 dead , dozens missing after Bangladesh ferry capsizes Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report from New Delhi .	A river-going ferry capsized in Bangladesh Monday , with hundreds on board NEW : Police say up to 129 passengers remain missing , while 110 survived NEW : Search and rescuers have so far recovered three bodies , they say Bangladesh sees scores of casualties from ferry accidents reported each year
CNN  -- Park rangers suspended their search Monday afternoon for a teenage swimmer who was swept over a nearly 600-foot waterfall in California 's Yosemite National Park over the weekend . Aleh Kalman had been swimming about 150 feet from the edge of the Nevada Fall on Saturday afternoon when he was caught up in the swift current of the Merced River , the National Park Service reported . The 19-year-old Sacramento resident had gone to the park with a church group , the park service said . "  We believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , " park spokeswoman Kari Cobb said . Swimming above the 594-foot Nevada Fall is not illegal , but the river is marked by signs warning of the danger , Cobb said . Water levels were too high to search safely Monday , Scott Gediman with the Yosemite National Park Service said . Officials also announced Monday that a 28-year-old English climber on El Capitan was killed by a falling rock on Sunday . Felix Kiernan of London was about 600 feet up a climbing route when a large rock fell 150 feet and hit him . When rangers reached him a few hours later , he was already dead . Searchers looked for Kalman on foot and by helicopter on Saturday but had to stop at nightfall . The grim task resumed Sunday , aided by three dog teams , the park service said . Minnesota hiker falls from cliff to his death near Yosemite waterfall The Merced River was running about 500 cubic feet per second on Saturday , "  a very swift and powerful spring flow of water , " the park service noted in a written statement . That had gone up to about 650 cubic feet per second on Sunday . "  Although the park received only 50 percent of normal snow pack , rivers within the park continue to run at high levels this time of the year , " the service said . "  Additionally , the water remains extremely cold and will be throughout the year . " Three other people were swept over another Merced River waterfall , the 317-foot Vernal Fall , in 2011 . Yosemite is about 200 miles east of San Francisco . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Search for body of 19-year-old called off due to high water Officials also say climber on famed El Capitan was killed Sunday by rock Swimmer Aleh Kalman has been missing since he was carried over 594-foot Nevada Fall "  We believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , " a park spokeswoman says
CNN  -- This may turn into much more than just a political scandal . It may have seemed like a teenage prank at the time , but the blockage of bridge traffic as a possible act of partisan political revenge has put New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the middle of a serious legal stew . And the fire underneath it is just beginning to heat up for the Republican presidential hopeful , as the state assembly plans to post online 907 pages of documents related to the case Friday . State lawmakers questioned one of Christie 's allies Thursday , a former state official implicated in the scandal . So far , David Wildstein has repeatedly refused to answer , invoking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . The legislators charged him with contempt for his lack of cooperation . But the dam could eventually break as lawmakers dig in their heels , analysts say . As long as Christie was telling the truth at a marathon news conference he held Thursday -- that is , if he really did n't know anything about any wrongdoing -- he should be able to step out of the caldron , analysts who spoke with CNN say . For nearly two hours , the high-profile governor , who gained national recognition for his response to Superstorm Sandy , answered questions from journalists , divulging many details . "  He was pretty specific about what he knew and when he knew it , " said CNN analyst Gloria Borger on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " But if any of it does n't jibe with other people 's stories , information provided in documents or clues that pop up , experts say Christie could get dragged into civil and criminal lawsuits . One thing is certain . The legislative inquiry into the alleged misdeeds that led to the traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge is just getting into gear . What happened to begin with ? It was September , and Christie was full steam into his re-election bid -- which he won two months later . Wildstein , whom Christie appointed to a high position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , ordered the closing of two of the three lanes of traffic leading to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee . It held up motorists trying to make it into Manhattan and caused days of massive traffic jams in Fort Lee , where Democratic Mayor Mark Sokolich had not endorsed Christie for re-election . Democrats speculated that the mayhem was political retaliation against Sokolich . Hearings ensued , and Wildstein resigned under pressure . Then came Wednesday 's revelation that a top Christie aide , Bridget Anne Kelly had e-mailed Wildstein before the closures , telling him , "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . He e-mailed a comment that the parents of children stuck in school buses in the traffic jams were Democratic voters . Christie fired Kelly after the scandal broke . Possible prank , sure , but something to sue over ? This was no fun and games for people who sat tormented for hours in traffic and missed important appointments , legal analyst Alan Dershowitz told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . It did real damage . "  It was utter chaos those days . People were pouring into the store , complaining , " Debbie Minuto recalled Thursday in her shop , Binghamton Bagel Cafe , in the town of Fort Lee . "  The bridge is a lifeline here . You take away the bridge , you take away our livelihood . " That makes it a legal matter , Dershowitz said . "  The law looks backwards and says : What causes these harms ? " he said . One group of residents from Bergen County , where Fort Lee is located , has already filed a class-action civil lawsuit against Christie . They want to be compensated for alleged wages lost when they arrived late at work . Was a crime committed ? A woman died at the time of the mayhem , and emergency workers trying to get to her to save her complained that the traffic jams slowed them down . Sokolich thinks there should be a criminal investigation into the incident , saying it put "  folks in absolute danger . " His Democratic colleague , New Jersey state Sen. Ray Lesniak , agrees but takes it a step further . He called for federal prosecutors to open an investigation into whether the lane closures were a factor in the woman 's death . "  Endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics . That 's why the U.S. attorneys have to get involved , " he said . U.S. Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Rebekah Carmichael said it 's "  reviewing " whether federal laws were violated . But Florence Genova 's family does n't seem to want to press charges . She was 91 when she went into cardiac arrest , and her daughter Vilma Oleri told CNN affiliate WABC that she did n't think the traffic was to blame . "  I really do n't think so , no , I really do n't . I think she was 91 and really believe in my heart that she was already gone when the ambulance got  to her house  , " she said . But Genova was not alone . No other deaths were reported . But paramedics red-flagged "  unnecessary delays for emergency services " to the mayor on the second day of the lane closures . The traffic increased their reaction time in at least four cases . Legal analyst Dershowitz thinks a crime may have indeed been committed and prosecutors could land convictions against Wildstein , Kelly and anyone else implicated , "  particularly if they can demonstrate if the woman died as a result of the traffic jam . " Christie says he did n't know anything about this . How could this get him ? If Christie 's close associates are prosecuted or convicted , it could lead them to turn on Christie , Dershowitz said . Thursday 's news conference was the longest and most candid in Christie 's career , Matt Katz , a New Jersey public radio reporter , told Jake Tapper . "  This is absolutely extraordinary , " he said . Christie offered a lot of information to back up his claim that he knew nothing . At the same time , he may have given Wildstein and Kelly a lot to contradict , should they open up to lawmakers questioning them . "  They may very well want to save themselves and say , ` Wait a minute ; do n't believe what the governor said , ' " Dershowitz told Baldwin . Wildstein may have pleaded the Fifth initially , but that 's normal in the beginning , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Defense lawyers often start by telling their clients to take the Fifth . "  You do n't want your client testifying until he has seen all the documents available . " But things could change . If lawmakers decide to go after Christie , they could offer Wildstein -- or Kelly , if they question her -- immunity . They could decide to save themselves at his expense , Toobin said . Anyone Christie fired may also try to get revenge . And if Christie really did n't know about alleged misdeeds , he could still be in hot water , Dershowitz said . "  There 's a concept in law called willful blindness , " he said . It 's enough to just suggest to people working for him to commit illegal actions on his behalf or to create an atmosphere that promotes such actions . Dershowitz said that it would be enough for the governor to say : "  Do n't tell me ; I do n't want to know ; just do what you have to do to take revenge . I do n't want to know the details . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	New Jersey state assembly releasing 907 pages of lane closure scandal documents Christie 's Republican political allies may have created traffic mayhem to spite a Democrat A group of citizens has filed a class-action lawsuit against Christie Analyst : There may have been a crime , as a woman died amid the chaos
Brattleboro , Vermont  CNN  -- The skies may have cleared , but an assessment of damage has only just begun . Officials from President Barack Obama 's administration will travel Tuesday to Virginia , North Carolina and Vermont -- some of the hardest-hit states -- to survey ongoing response efforts , according to the Department of Homeland Security . The storm known as Irene left parts of the U.S. East Coast grappling with dangerous floodwaters and widespread power outages . At least 27 deaths in nine states have been blamed on Irene , which fizzled to a post-tropical cyclone and headed over eastern Canada Monday . Flooding was ongoing , particularly in New England , said Craig Fugate , director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Upstate New York , New Jersey and Vermont endured some of the worst flooding . "  A lot of the activities are moving into recovery phases , but we are still very concerned about the flooding , " Fugate told reporters Monday . Southern states were affected primarily by power outages and the effects of the storm surge , particularly on the Outer Banks of North Carolina , where Highway 12 had been chopped into pieces in several places by the pounding surf . As of Monday afternoon , about 5 million customers were without power , Fugate said , citing figures from the Department of Energy . That was down from about 6 million earlier , he said . In New York , torrential rains washed out roads and bridges , flooding homes and some businesses . The town of Prattsville was struck particularly hard . In Vermont , the governor warned that further flooding and loss of life are likely for the small , rural state . While small brooks have crested , large rivers have not , he said . "  It 's just devastating , " Gov. Peter Shumlin said . "  Whole communities under water , businesses , homes , obviously roads and bridges , rail transportation infrastructure . We 've lost farmers ' crops . We 're tough folks up here but Irene ... really hit us hard . " David Vallee , a hydrologist for the National Weather Service in charge of the Northeastern forecast center in Taunton , Massachusetts , said rainfall reached 15 inches in some places . The fact that much of the affected area was already heavily saturated by rainfall in the weeks prior to Irene made things worse , he said . Moderate to major flooding was occurring from New York into the Connecticut Valley , through much of northern New Hampshire "  and a good chunk of Vermont . " Many of the river crests set records , he said . In New Jersey . an array of rivers and creeks eclipsed flood stages and continued to rise Monday . "  We 're seeing record flooding levels across the northern part of our state . Nine river locations have reached or passed record flooding levels , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told reporters . Asked how FEMA has changed its approach to handling disasters six years after Hurricane Katrina laid waste to much of the Gulf Coast , Fugate said the agency now has more authority to act prior to receiving a request from a governor . That translates into "  not having to wait " until the impact of the storm is clear . "  We have to act quickly and be prepared to support that , " he said . In Washington , Obama vowed , "  We will make sure folks have all the support they need . " He added that "  it will take time " to recover . Residents from North Carolina through New England will need that support , with homes , businesses , roads and bridges torn apart by floodwaters . Some of the worst flooding since 1927 ravaged Vermont 's normally tranquil countryside , turning babbling brooks into turbulent rivers and knocking homes from their foundations . In Wilmington , Vermont , a young woman who had been standing near a river was swept away by the water . Her body was recovered Monday . One person is still missing in Vermont and feared dead , authorities said . In all , 260 roads were affected , many of them underwater , Vermont 's Emergency Management Agency said Monday . The emergency management headquarters flooded overnight and was evacuated and relocated from Waterbury to Burlington , approximately 20 miles away . "  We never see this sort of thing in Vermont , " said Jesse Stone of White River Junction , where a covered bridge was flooded . "  For the people who are saying that Irene was disappointing , maybe , because they did n't get the sort of wind and damage they expected , I just want to remind them that , in places like Vermont , we really got it pretty hard . " In North Carolina , about 250,000 customers were without power Monday , down from more than 440,000 on Sunday night , the state 's division of emergency management said . Connecticut Light & Power reported Monday evening that an estimated half million people had no power . Some customers might have to wait a week or more because of damage to the system . But life along much of the East Coast returned to normal , as subway services resumed on all 22 lines in New York City , and the three major airports in the area reopened after thousands of flights were canceled over the weekend . Flight schedules were expected to normalize slowly , and passengers were urged to check with their airlines before going to the airport . Amtrak canceled many trains , but had some service in the Northeast . Officials reported six deaths in North Carolina , four in Virginia , five in Pennsylvania , three each in New York and Vermont , two each in Connecticut and New Jersey and one each in Maryland and Florida . The U.S. government estimates that the cost from wind damage alone will exceed $ 1 billion . Analysts have put the total anticipated cost of Irene much higher . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Gary Tuchman , Paul Courson , Jake Carpenter , Mark J. Norman , Poppy Harlow , Divina Mims , Rob Marciano , Rose Arce , Jeanne Meserve , Chris Boyette , David Mattingly , Susan Candiotti , Greg Botelho , Phil Gast , Ed Payne , Ric Ward and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama administration officials will visit hard-hit areas on Tuesday New Jersey , Vermont and upstate New York are coping with floodwaters The death toll rises to at least 27 5 million customers without power as of Monday afternoon , FEMA 's administrator says
CNN  Zhang Qiuli is a pedicurist . Zhao Dan has a room barely wider than a single bed . Zhang Hao has left his one-year-old son thousands of miles away to "  make it " in China 's capital . Together they are members of what the Chinese press unkindly refer to as the "  rat tribe " -- people who live underground in a warren of basements and air raid shelters in Beijing . Usually migrant workers , they ca n't afford private housing and , without the official resident permit known as the "  hukou " they have no access to low-cost government housing , so they find themselves living underground . Estimates suggest there may be more than one million people living underneath the Chinese capital . Photographer Sim Chi Yin has been documenting their lives for the past five years . "  I had a hunch that they were just normal people , " she says . "  They are actually pretty funky people , most of them are kind of young and all of them have aspirations to move up the social mobility ladder . " Sim said subterranean living is not as squalid as it might sound . Some use dehumidifiers in summer to take away the damp and in Beijing 's freezing winter months it 's warmer than above ground homes . "  The living space might seem pretty pathetic to us and maybe I went in with this pitying attitude as well , but what I found was the people make the best of their lives down there . " Annette Kim , a professor at the University of Southern California , has mapped Beijing 's underground city by studying more than 7,000 online rental ads . She found the median size was 9.75 square meters , or 105 square feet , and the mean rent was $ 70 a month -- although she believes the rentals she studied were at the higher end of what 's available . Kim says it 's hard to know exactly how many people live in this type of informal housing . Estimates vary from 200,000 to 2 million . She says 1 million is a reasonable estimate . All buildings constructed in Beijing are required to have basements -- initially a national defense policy that began in the 1950s -- and until 2010 it was perfectly legal to live in these spaces as long as they met building codes . However , the official policy is now to evict people , but it 's not being implemented evenly , Kim says . The number of rental ads for underground housing increased during her year researching the phenomena in 2013 . Alternative low-cost options include living in "  urban villages " on Beijing 's outskirts . But Kim says : "  They would rather live underground than commute for a long time . It means that sometimes they could have two jobs . " Kim found the "  rat tribe " had little interaction with those living above them . "  The people above ground preferred to be as separate as possible and that built up fear of who these people are . " Zhang Qiuli , the pedicurist , was the first person Sim befriended and photographed . After years spent living beneath a posh condominium in east Beijing , she has since moved "  above ground . " "  She is one of the success stories , " says Sim . "  I think for some people there is true upward mobility but for many people the hukou system , whereby migrants ca n't actually buy homes and settle down , is still a huge barrier to them building lives and families here . " "  Most think they will eventually go home and maybe set up a shop and raise their families . " CNN 's Anjali Tsui and Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report	It 's estimated that one million live underground in Beijing They 're mainly migrant workers , who ca n't afford private housing Photographer Sim Chi Yin spent five years documenting their lives
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Suspected Islamic extremists arrested last week in Barcelona were planning al Qaeda-style attacks in Spain , Germany , France , Britain and Portugal , according to an informant who "  infiltrated " the group , Spain 's El Pais newspaper reports . "  If we attack the metro -LSB- subway system in Barcelona -RSB- , the emergency services ca n't get there , " one of the suspected suicide bombers told the informant , El Pais reported on Saturday . "  Our preference is public transport , especially the metro . " El Pais reported that it had access to the informant 's testimony to Spanish officials . CNN has confirmed that authorities have given high importance to an informant 's testimony . The judge who ordered 10 suspects held for allegedly plotting a suicide attack in Barcelona , cited in his rulings the testimony of an informant . CNN has viewed the rulings . Spain 's Interior Minister last Friday said an informant warned of a planned suicide attack against Barcelona 's metro on the weekend of January 18 to 20 . But he added that , for now , "  there is only the testimony of an informant " regarding the timing . The informant told authorities the cell comprised six suicide bombers , including himself , El Pais reported on Saturday . Spain 's attorney general , Candido Conde-Pumpido , said last week that the cell could have contained six suicide bombers , two explosives experts and two ideologues . Judge Ismael Moreno , in rulings last Wednesday , wrote that the informant had named three suspected suicide bombers and an explosives expert , all of whom had traveled from Pakistan to Barcelona since last summer . The judge ordered these four men held , out the total of 10 jailed suspects who are from South Asia . They include nine Pakistani nationals and a man from India , who is Muslim . A court-appointed translator told CNN that all 10 suspects testified during their arraignments that they were innocent . The cell planned three attacks in Spain , one in Germany and others in France , Britain and Portugal , according to the informant , El Pais reported . On Sunday , another El Pais story added that the "  wave of attacks " was to have been carried out by the Barcelona group and other extremist Pakistani cells were to attack elsewhere in Europe . The informant told authorities about potential links between the Barcelona group and suspected extremists in other countries , the interior minister said Friday . The informant had traveled by train from France to Barcelona on January 16 , a few days before police made arrests in Barcelona , El Pais reported Saturday . A day earlier , the newspaper reported that the informant worked for French intelligence . Al Qaeda was planning to take responsibility for the first attack in Barcelona through Baitullah Mehsud , a Taliban commander whom the Pakistani government blames for last month 's assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , El Pais reported . "  Only the leadership of the organization knows what requests the emir  Baitullah  will make after the first attack , but if they are not carried out , there will be a second attack in Spain , and a third , " a cell leader told the informant , El Pais reported . "  And then in Germany , France , Portugal and the United Kingdom . There are many people prepared there . " In Barcelona , two pairs of suicide bombers were to attack in separate metro stations , the paper said , citing the informant 's testimony . One of the cell leaders said the bombs were supposed to be hidden in backpacks or bags and that other cell members were to detonate them by remote control , the paper added . Two other pairs of suicide bombers were to strike elsewhere in Spain , while another suicide bomber was to attack in Germany , although the informant said he did not know where or when those attacks were to occur , El Pais reported . Three other terrorists were assigned to attack in France and two in Portugal , El Pais reported , although it did not mention locations or times for those attacks either . Civil Guards initially detained 14 people in Barcelona , but released two before arraignments last Wednesday . The judge then released two more , leaving 10 in jail for further investigation . It was not immediately known if the alleged informant may have been among those arrested and released . "  This cell was preparing to attack , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Friday in an interview with Spanish radio network SER . "  It 's clear they were going to try , whether last weekend  January 18 to 20  or within 15 days . " But he said police have not found explosives "  in sufficient quantity " to have carried out the assault . "  We have found a modest quantity of explosives , " Rubalcaba said , adding that they may have been intended for use in training the suspects . The judge in his rulings wrote that the group "  had achieved human operational capacity and were very close to achieving full technical capacity with explosives , with the aim of using those explosives for a jihadi terrorist attack . " Rubalcaba said that , for any such suspected terrorist cell , "  the time from getting explosives to carrying out the attack can be very short . " The judge wrote that police had found nitrocellulose and mechanical and electrical elements that could have been used to make one or more bombs . More than 300 suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in Spain since the Madrid train bombings killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 on March 11 , 2004 , Rubalcaba said . Last October , more than a dozen Islamic extremists were convicted in Madrid for their roles in the train bombings . The 2004 bombings came just three days before general elections , in which Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero won an upset victory . The latest arrests in Barcelona come less than two months before the next general elections , to be held March 9 , when Zapatero seeks re-election . Spain remains on "  permanent alert " against Islamic terrorism . Al Qaeda communiques regularly make specific references to Spain . E-mail to a friend	Informant : Terrorists planned to attack public transport systems in Europe El Pais said it had access to informant 's testimony to Spanish officials 10 suspects were arrested for allegedly plotting attacks Informant : Cell consisted of six suicide bombers
An Alabama judge signed an order Thursday declaring Natalee Holloway legally dead , attorneys for her family said . Probate Judge Alan King signed the order after an afternoon hearing in Jefferson County court in Birmingham . Holloway was 18 when she was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving a nightclub on the Caribbean island of Aruba with Joran van der Sloot and two other men . No one was charged in her disappearance , and her body has never been found . On Wednesday , van der Sloot -- who was detained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged -- confessed in a Lima court to murdering a 21-year-old Peruvian woman five years after Holloway went missing . Natalee 's father , Dave Holloway , filed a petition to declare his daughter dead in June , six years after she went to the Caribbean island with 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham . He was present at Thursday 's hearing , as was his ex-wife , Beth Holloway . She opposed the move to declare Natalee dead , pointing to a lack of evidence indicating her daughter is deceased and saying in a September statement that she "  will always hope and pray for Natalee 's safe return . " On Thursday , she told reporters while leaving the courtroom that she was upset by the judge 's decision . "  Natalee 's father wanted to see this through , and of course it makes me very sad , " said Beth Holloway , who now works with groups and families of missing children . Dave Holloway acknowledged Thursday that the ruling is "  tough , " though he said he 's considered it a possibility ever since the FBI told him 10 days after his daughter went missing that they were approaching her case as a homicide . "  We 've been dealing with this death for the last six and a half years , " he told reporters Thursday . "  Hopefully , this meeting today will  provide  some closure . " In a hearing in September , King ruled the petition could go forward , according to CNN affiliate WBRC . At that time , King ruled that a notice of presumption of death must be published in a local newspaper for two successive weeks , followed by a 12-week time frame to submit any evidence the teen is still alive , WBRC said . Barring any such evidence , the judge would then be able to declare Natalee Holloway dead . Dave Holloway explained that , barring his daughter miraculously being found alive , that a decision like the one issued Thursday had to be issued "  eventually . " His attorney , Mark White , previously said that the order -- which acts as a death certificate -- will help resolve the estate of Natalee Holloway , who still has a small college fund in her name and is listed as a participant and beneficiary on her father 's health insurance . Now was the proper time to pursue this action , said Dave Holloway , given his desire to take "  care of some needs " and van der Sloot 's conviction earlier this week . "  I was in a situation where a lot of things came together , with the criminal element as well as having to take care of business , " he said . The 24-year-old Dutch national could be imprisoned for as many as 30 years when he is sentenced Friday , two days after he pleaded guilty to all the charges against him in the killing of a Peruvian woman in 2010 . Investigators believe van der Sloot killed Stephany Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on van der Sloot 's computer as she visited with him in his hotel room . Van der Sloot also faces possible extradition to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores . Peggy Sanford , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's office for north Alabama , said that there 's no timetable as to when federal authorities will seek to bring van der Sloot to the United States for prosecution . "  We want Joran van der Sloot to face the charges here , and we are prepared to try him as soon as we can get him to the United States , " Sanford said . "  Right now , we do n't know when that will be . "	Holloway 's father says "  a lot of things came together " making now the right time He adds , "  We 've been dealing with this death for the last 6 1/2 years " Natalee Holloway 's mother says the Alabama judge 's ruling "  makes me very sad " The then 18-year-old girl was last seen in Aruba with Joran van der Sloot
A cache of 1,500 works of art -- including masterpieces by Picasso , Matisse and Chagall -- confiscated by the Nazis and missing for more than 70 years has been found in Germany , according to German media reports . The huge haul of paintings , estimated to be worth more than $ 1 billion , was discovered in an apartment in Munich in the spring of 2011 during a raid by Bavarian tax authorities , but its existence has only just come to light with an article in the German news magazine Focus . The collection is said to include works by Modernist masters Paul Klee , Oskar Kokoschka , Franz Marc , Max Beckmann , Emil Nolde and Ernst Ludwig Kirchner , many of which had been believed destroyed during World War II . Focus reports that the pictures were found when customs police raided a rundown apartment in the Schwabing district of Munich during an investigation into suspected tax evasion . The recovered paintings are said to have been kept in storage in a secure warehouse in the city ever since . German authorities have refused to confirm or deny any details relating to the discovery . Polish art stolen by Nazis repatriated "  The German government is supporting the state prosecution in Augsburg by supplying advice from experts in the field of so-called degenerate art and the entire issue of Nazi-looted art , " government spokesman Steffen Seibert said . "  But we can not comment any of the issues of the ongoing investigation . " The full extent of the find is expected to be revealed by art historian Meike Hoffmann , an expert on "  degenerate art " from the Freie Universitaet Berlin , at a news conference in Augsburg on Tuesday . Thousands of pieces of art labeled "  degenerate " by the Nazis were looted from private collections and confiscated from galleries during the 1930s and 1940s ; other works were stolen from Jewish families or sold for a fraction of their true value as the owners tried to flee the country . Many paintings remain missing decades later . Julian Radcliffe , chairman of the Art Loss Register , said the discovery was "  very encouraging in some ways , but there are tens of thousands of these artworks still under dispute , so this is really just a drop in the ocean . " "  This case shows the extent of organised art robbery which occurred in museums and private collections , " said Ruediger Mahlo , representative of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims against Germany . "  Private collections were almost all in Jewish possession . " Feds seize Nazi-plundered painting The relatives of many of those families whose art collections were stolen are now waiting to find out whether their property forms part of the Munich treasure trove -- and whether they can get it back . "  We demand that the paintings be handed back to their original owners , " Mahlo said . "  It can not be that like in this case , a sort of moral handling of stolen goods is continued . " Radcliffe said improvements in technology and wider public knowledge about works looted by the Nazis mean the tide is turning against those in possession of stolen art . "  The risk/reward is going against them . It may have been far easier to do it decades ago , but as more databases are set up and there is an increasing focus on the Holocaust , there is less chance for anyone taking part in such transactions . " But art experts have questioned why it has taken so long for the Munich discovery to be revealed . Christopher Marinello of Art Recovery International said the details of the paintings should have been published online as soon as they were found "  so that the entire world could stake a claim . " "  We were told they they were worried about the number of claimants that would come forward , but two years is a long time to wait , " he said . "  People died . Claimants of this era are in their 80s and 90s , and records are disappearing . " "  There seems to be a problem with transparency here , " Mahlo said . "  The case was discovered in 2011 ; in 2013 , it became public . The question is , what happened during those two years ? "	Reports : 1,500 works of art found in raid by German tax authorities Paintings by Picasso , Matisse , Chagall , Klee believed to have been looted by Nazis Experts call for works to be returned to the families of those they were stolen from
CNN  -- Sheikh Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri : At a news conference in London , England , on Tuesday , the renowned Islamic scholar issued a fatwa -- a religious ruling -- condemning suicide bombers as destined for hell , removing extremists ' certainty of earning paradise after death . The 600-page fatwa is arguably the most comprehensive theological refutation of Islamist terrorism to date . Qadri said his aim was to set an important precedent that might allow other scholars to similarly condemn the ideas behind terrorism . London 's The Independent newspaper reports that the imam told fellow Muslims : "  Terrorism is terrorism , violence is violence and it has no place in Islamic teaching and no justification can be provided for it , or any kind of excuses of ifs and buts . The world needs an absolute , unconditional , unqualified and total condemnation of terrorism . " According to his online biography , Qadri was born in Pakistan in 1951 and was raised believing that he would become a religious leader , "  since his birth had been foretold through a spiritual dream to his father . " The former law professor says he has written some 1,000 books , 360 of which are already in print . The Independent : Sheikh issues fatwa against all terrorists Minhaj-ul-Quran : Profile of Dr. Qadri Diane Ravitch : The influential education historian , who served as assistant secretary of education under President George H. W. Bush , "  is in the final stages of an astonishing , slow motion about-face on almost every stand she once took on American schooling , " reports Sam Dillon in today 's New York Times . He writes that Ravitch is now criticizing approaches she once supported -- standardized testing , charter schools and free markets to improve schools -- as fads that undermine public education . She is critical of No Child Left Behind legislation , saying it pushes essential subjects from classrooms . The Times reports that she addressed a meeting of school superintendents last month in Phoenix , Arizona , and pointed to the standards set by such countries as Finland and Japan . She said , "  They make sure that all their students study the arts , history , literature , geography , civics , foreign languages , the sciences and other subjects . They do this because this is the way to ensure good education . We 're on the wrong track . " New York Times : Scholar 's school reform U-turn shakes up debate Jaime Escalante : The 80-year-old former Los Angeles , California , math teacher is fighting cancer , and KTLA-TV reports that his family members say they do n't have the money to pay all of his medical bills . The 1988 movie "  Stand and Deliver " tells Escalante 's inspirational story : When some call his students at Garfield High School in East Los Angeles "  unteachable , " Escalante decides to teach them calculus . When all of his students pass a national advanced placement calculus exam , the testing company questions their high scores and invalidates some of them . When Escalante protests and his students take the test again -- with one day of preparation -- they pass . True story . Actor Edward James Olmos portrayed Escalante , known affectionately as "  Kimo " in the movie , and now he 's raising money for him . On his Web site , Olmos writes , "  The genius that he awakened in the ` unteachable ' commanded the attention of the entire world . It caused countless educators to reconsider what their students might really be capable of if , like Kimo , they could awaken the ` ganas ' -LSB- desire -RSB- in them . Jaime did n't just teach math . Like all great teachers , he changed lives . Gang members became aerospace engineers . Kids who had spent their youth convinced their lives did n't matter discovered they were leaders . " KTLA : ` Stand and Deliver ' teacher battling cancer Web site of Edward James Olmos Nick Schuyler : On March 2 , 2009 , the former University of South Florida football player was rescued by the Coast Guard from his overturned boat in the Gulf of Mexico . He had gone fishing on two days before with another former South Florida football player , Will Bleakley , 25 , and NFL players Marquis Cooper , 26 , and Corey Smith , 29 . Some 70 miles from shore , the boat flipped over . The men tried to support and save each other . In a book released this week , "  Not Without Hope , " written with New York Times sportswriter Jere Longman , Schuyler tells the harrowing story : "  We began to huddle together , cuddling almost , trying to stay warm as the night went on . I thought for a moment that it was weird , four grown men clustered together like puppies or kittens , but it was necessary if we were going to maintain any body heat . I could feel everybody shivering and hear their teeth chattering . Once , when it was quiet , knowing how desperate our situation was , I said , ' I love you guys . ' " All three of Schulyer 's companions -- after fighting hypothermia and hallucinations -- died , but he writes that they all fought to stay alive . St. Petersburg Times : Lone survivor of doomed fishing trip tells all Irene Folstrom : "  Tiger Woods was my boyfriend for a year and a half while we were both undergraduates at Stanford . I 've never spoken to the press about him ; I 'm not coming forward now for money or to advance any pathetic showbiz aspirations , but merely to stick up for a friend . " So writes Folstrom in a Sports Illustrated Golf Group exclusive essay . "  This may surprise some people , but Tiger was a great boyfriend . " She notes that she has n't seen Woods since the late '90s , but she remembers his "  amazing metabolism " and all the time they spent eating together . Folstrom , 35 , grew up on an Indian reservation in Minnesota and is an advocate for Native American causes . She was the first person in her family to earn a college degree . "  Our relationship ended when Tiger turned pro after his sophomore year , " she writes , "  I was n't willing to give up my studies to follow him . Like everyone else , I was shocked by the revelations about his infidelities . The Tiger I knew was loyal , devoted and self-controlled . " Folstrom also says that she and Woods "  enjoyed a normal sexual relationship . " Golf.com : Tiger 's college girlfriend speaks out What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Renowned Muslim scholar condemns all terrorism Education historian changes mind , says No Child Left Behind is wrong approach Tiger Woods ' college girlfriend remembers him as "  loyal , devoted and self-controlled "
CNN  -- Germany underlined their impressive credentials ahead of Euro 2012 with a 3-0 thrashing of arch-rivals the Netherlands on Tuesday in Hamburg . The Germans , who will be among the favorites next year in Ukraine and Poland , swept aside the 2010 World Cup runners-up with veteran striker Miroslav Klose inspirational . He set up Thomas Muller to put the home side ahead in the early stages before helping himself to the second goal and his 63rd for Germany in the 26th minute . It left him just five short of the legendary Gerd Muller 's all-time record . The 33-year-old Lazio striker then worked in Real Madrid 's Mesut Ozil for a close range strike in the 66th minute as Germany sealed their first win over the Dutch since 1996 . "  The whole team made the match a lot of fun to play in , " Ozil told AFP . Meanwhile , world and European champions Spain needed two goals in the final seven minutes to rescue a 2-2 draw with Costa Rica in their friendly clash . Just three days after a 1-0 defeat to England , Vicente Del Bosque 's Spain fell behind on 31 minutes in San Jose when forward Randall Brenes capitalized on an error from goalkeeper Iker Casillas to clip a shot over defender Carles Puyol and into the empty net . It was a nightmare moment for Real Madrid 's Casillas , who was celebrating making his 127th appearance for Spain and becoming their most-capped player . It got worse for Spain three minutes before half time when Lorient striker Joel Campbell , who is on-loan from English Premier League side Arsenal , doubled Costa Rica 's lead . Spain pressed in the second half , eventually breaking the home team 's resistance with seven minutes remaining when Manchester City playmaker David Silva finished after a neat exchange with midfielder Andres Iniesta . Barcelona 's David Villa spared Spain 's blushes as the match entered stoppage time , stooping to head home his 51st international goal and rescue a draw for the visitors . Elsewhere , England made it two wins in five days at Wembley with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Sweden . England made several changes from the side which beat Spain 1-0 last Saturday , but were largely in command for much of the match against their fellow Euro 2012 qualifiers . It was England 's first win over Sweden in 43 years and captain John Terry , recalled to the team despite being under investigation for alleged racial abuse , said he never had any intention of sitting the match out because of the controversy . "  No chance , " he said . "  I 'm very passionate , very confident being England captain and very proud to be , also . " England 's only goal in the first half , their 2,000 th in internationals , was originally given to midfielder Gareth Barry , but his header took a final touch off Sweden 's Daniel Majstorovic . Debutant Jack Rodwell missed a glorious opportunity for his first goal for England and Manchester United youngster Phil Jones also went close as the home side might have added further to their tally against a below-par Swedish side who rarely threatened . Meanwhile in Rome , Sebastian Fernandez scored the only goal of the game as Uruguay beat Italy 1-0 win in the Olympic Stadium . Mario Balotelli went close for Italy before former Juventus fullback Martin Caceres crossed for Fernandez to help the ball home .	Germany beat the Netherlands 3-0 in international friendly in Hamburg Spain score two late goals to rescue a 2-2 draw with Costa Rica England beat Sweden 1-0 at Wembley for second straight friendly win Uruguay edge Italy 1-0 in Olympic Stadium in Rome
CNN  -- Dutch international striker Robin van Persie has turned down a new contract at Arsenal , signaling his likely departure from the English Premier League side . Van Persie made the announcement Wednesday on his official website . The 28-year-old has only a year left on his remaining deal and Arsenal will likely have no option than to transfer him rather than see him depart on a Bosman free transfer . "  I 've thought long and hard about it , but I have decided not to extend my contract , " Van Persie said . "  You guys , the fans , have of course the right to disagree with my view and decision and I will always respect your opinions , " he added . Van Persie is considered key to Arsenal 's hopes of improving on their distant third place finish in the EPL last season behind Manchester City and Manchester United . He scored 37 goals in 48 games for the Gunners last season , including 30 in the Premier League . His efforts also won him the two major player of the year awards in English football , but van Persie said he was keen to win trophies . He has just the 2005 FA Cup win to show for his time with Arsenal since his transfer from Dutch side Feyenoord in 2004 . To this end , van Persie said he had met with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and the chief executive Ivan Gazidis at the end of last season to discuss his future and their ambitions for the club . "  Out of my huge respect for Mr. Wenger , the players and the fans I do n't want to go into any details , but unfortunately in this meeting it has again become clear to me that we in many aspects disagree on the way Arsenal FC should move forward , " he added . "  I am very proud of being part of this fantastic club for the last eight years . As soon as Mr.Gazidis is back from his two-week holiday in America further meetings will follow and I will update you if and when there are more developments . " Van Persie has been heavily linked with a move to EPL champions Manchester City , while Serie A winners Juventus are also believed to be keen on his signature . He would be the most notable departure from Arsenal since Spanish star Cesc Fabregas left last summer to join Barcelona .	Robin van Persie says he does not want to extend contract at Arsenal Dutch striker makes announcement on his personal website EPL giants Arsenal may be forced to sell him in the transfer window Van Persie scored 37 goals for the Gunners last season
CNN  -- Jack Whittaker had the noblest of plans . Upon winning the then-largest-ever $ 314 million Powerball jackpot in 2002 , the West Virginia construction company owner said he wanted to pay tithes to the Church of God , get some of his laid-off workers back on the job and start a charitable foundation . He might buy a helicopter , and he 'd definitely pamper his daughter and granddaughter , he said . "  I 'm not going to buy anything for myself , " he said during a news conference announcing his windfall . "  The very first thing I 'm going to do is , I 'm going to go home . I 'm going to sit down and make out three checks to three pastors for 10 % of this check . That 's the very first thing I 'm going to do . " Already a millionaire via his company , Whittaker predicted the money would n't faze him at all . His life , he said , would carry on normally . "  If I can help it , it 's not going to change . I 'm content with my life , " he told reporters . "  I 'm not going to change my life much . " Yet by 2007 , barely four years after what should have been the luckiest day of his life , Whittaker was a broken-down man who had lost his granddaughter to drugs and who had a reputation for DUIs , frequenting strip clubs and getting robbed . His divorce would be finalized the following year . His daughter would die the next . In January 2007 , responding to a complaint that he had n't paid his settlement with a woman who claimed he harassed her at a greyhound track , Whittaker issued a statement to the Kanawha County Circuit Court , saying , "  On 9-11 , a team of crooks went to 12 different  City National Banks  cashed 12  checks  and got all my money . " "  I intend to pay but ca n't without any money , " the statement said . Whittaker , of course , is the poster man for lottery winners forced off the tracks , and , certainly , there are many happy lottery winners who took their winnings and quietly went about their lives without so much as another headline in the local newspaper . Perhaps shockingly , however , about 70 % of those incurring a financial windfall lose that money within a few years , according to the National Endowment for Financial Education . As we await the name of the person who purchased the winning $ 400 million Powerball ticket in Lexington , South Carolina , it 's worth a reminder that sudden fortune is n't the panacea it 's sometimes made out to be . Not only can seemingly unlimited income stoke temptations to spurn moderation , but lottery winners may also find friends and family members treating them more like a mark than a loved one , said Michael Boone , a Bellevue , Washington , wealth manager who spoke to CNN after the winners of the $ 656 million Mega Millions jackpot were announced last year . "  Anytime you 're a public figure , you 're going to attract attention from people who want to take things from you , " he said . "  Most of us would n't be too happy if the amount of our paychecks was in the newspaper . " Charities begin soliciting . Self-styled entrepreneurs approach with pitches . Second cousins come looking for loans . Friends know someone who can help manage the money . "  That 's not to say you would n't want to do something nice for those people , but it could become a full-time job , " Boone said . His advice would be to remain anonymous , but only Delaware , Kansas , Maryland , North Dakota , South Carolina and Ohio allow winners to avoid state lottery publicity .  Michigan does in certain circumstances , but not for Powerball or Mega Millions winners .  Thus , Boone advises his clients to keep a low profile . As Michael Norton , associate professor of business administration at Harvard Business School , told CNN in 2011 , "  When you become the rich person , who other people look to , it can actually erode the social bond that you have with people because it changes your relationship from friendship into almost like a transaction . " What 's the worst that can happen , you ask ? Well , Whittaker does n't even provide the worst-case scenario . Earlier this year , Urooj Khan , a man described as a successful , hardworking Indian immigrant , died of cyanide poisoning the day after collecting $ 425,000 from a scratch-off lottery ticket . No arrest has been made . William "  Bud " Post 's own brother reportedly tried to kill him after he won $ 16.2 million in a 1988 Pennsylvania state lottery game . Though his brother was imprisoned , Post 's reckless spending and behavior left him broke and divorced before he died in 2006 of respiratory failure . These are extremes , of course , but there are many cases of lesser tragedies befalling lottery winners . There 's the British man who squandered a 2002 jackpot of 9.7 million pounds , much of it on cocaine and hookers , only to find himself working as garbage man again by 2010 . And the St. Louis wig maker who won $ 18 million in 1993 , only to spend so lavishly on political and philanthropic causes that she filed for bankruptcy four years later . Or the New Jersey woman who won the lottery twice -- a grand total of $ 5.4 million -- but was so helpless to avoid games of chance that she ended up in a trailer after giving the lion 's share of her money to Atlantic City casinos . Jim McCullar saw spooky signs before he even collected half of his $ 380 million Mega Millions prize in Washington in 2011 , telling CNN that he was reluctant to even come forward because "  all we saw were predators and we were afraid to do anything until we got down here with police protection . " Winning is n't always a curse , though . Lee McDaniel of Stone Mountain , Georgia , who won $ 5 million in the Georgia Lottery in 2010 , said in an interview the following year that he did n't see any downside to the money . He 'd helped his sister with medical bills , handed out money to other relatives , remodeled his home , bought an RV and Jeep , and invested a large chunk of the cash . "  I do n't feel that I have changed . I am just very secure financially , " he said . It 's quite the contrast to Whittaker , and while most lottery winners ' experiences fall somewhere between McDaniel 's and Whittaker 's , it 's safe to say no one wants to follow the latter 's path post-millions . No one should ever have to tell ABC News , as Whittaker did five years after his windfall , that they 'd be better off without the money . "  Since I won the lottery , I think there is no control for greed , " he told the station . "  I think if you have something , there 's always someone else that wants it . I wish I 'd torn that ticket up . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Elizabeth Landau , Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Jack Whittaker of West Virginia became a broken-down man after winning $ 314 million Urooj Khan died of cyanide poisoning after a $ 425,000 scratch-off win But Georgian Lee McDaniel , who won $ 5 million in 2010 , says he 's yet to see a downside Wealth manager advises his clients to keep a low profile
Chadian troops have rescued 85 Nigerians kidnapped last week by the Islamist terror group Boko Haram , security and human rights sources in Nigeria said Saturday . Dozens of Boko Haram insurgents stormed the Doron Baga fishing and farming village on the shores of Lake Chad late Sunday through Monday and took away 97 young men and boys plus several women , residents said . The raiders killed 28 residents and burned scores of homes , according to residents . The hostages were loaded onto motorboats and ferried into neighboring Chad , with residents saying they feared the hostages would be forcefully conscripted as foot soldiers . Chadian security officials reported intercepting a convoy of buses carrying 85 Nigerians " believed to have been kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists from Baga , " a Nigerian security source said . "  The convoy being led by six Boko Haram gunmen was stopped on the Chadian part of the border along Lake Chad for routine checks and the huge number in the convoy raised suspicion , " said the source , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the issue . An official of the National Human Rights Commission  NHRC  in Maiduguri confirmed the rescue of the 63 male and 22 female hostages . The source , who asked that his name not be used , said more than 30 hostages were still being held by Boko Haram . He said their captors sped off with them in motorboats when they spotted the convoy being questioned by Chadian soldiers . Boko Haram has been waging a five-year armed insurgency to create an Islamic state in northern Nigeria . The group has carried out series of abductions , including the April kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls from a boarding school in the town of Chibok . Boko Haram uses its hostages as conscripts and sex slaves , according to authorities . They say Boko Haram has killed more than 12,000 people and displaced more than half a million residents . Nigerian schoolgirl describes escape from Boko Haram The road to Boko Haram 's heartland	Islamist terror group abducted 97 people last week , security sources say Chadian security forces stopped a convoy along Lake Chad 85 of the hostages in the convoy were rescued , authorities said
Tokyo  CNN  A former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women -- some of them girls as young as 14 -- during repeated visits to the Philippines over more than a quarter of a century , according to police . Now , at the age of 64 , he 's facing criminal charges . Japanese police say they arrested the man , Yuhei Takashima , on Wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in Manila , the Philippine capital . Police officers seized 147,600 photos that Takashima took of his activities over the years , said Takeshi Akimoto , the police officer in charge of crime involving minors in Kanagawa , a prefecture south of Tokyo . The pictures were kept in more than 400 photo albums , he said . Takashima , who comes from the city of Yokohama , told police that he began paying for sex with women in 1988 when he went to work at a Japanese school in Manila . He said that stepping outside of moral codes relieved the heavy pressure he felt at work , according to police . Takashima told police that he continued to pay for sex because it was so cheap . After the end of his three-year stint at the school in Manila , he frequently returned to the Philippines on vacations in order to buy sex . He said the ages of the prostitutes he hired ranged from 14 to over 70 . The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists , including pedophiles . The country 's sex industry is tied to human trafficking and feeds off the high poverty rate . Akimoto , the police officer , said Takashima 's case had been under investigation since 2013 . The incident for which he was arrested is believed to have taken place in Manila in January 2014 . Yokohama education authorities said that Takashima became a junior high school teacher in 1975 and was sent to work at the school in Manila between 1988 and 1991 . He served as a junior high school principal from 2008 until his retirement in 2011 . The education authorities said that the crime was very regrettable , if proven to be true , and that the city government works hard to try to prevent inappropriate actions . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Police : Yuhei Takashima , 64 , says he had sex with girls as young as 14 in Philippines Officers seize nearly 150,000 photos that the former principal kept of his activities
A former medical assistant testified Thursday that she saw more than 10 babies born alive at the West Philadelphia abortion clinic where she worked for a doctor who is now on trial for murder . Kareema Cross also saw babies or fetal remains in a toilet , a plastic box and jars , she told the court in the trial of Dr. Kermit Gosnell , who is charged with eight counts of murder . He is accused of killing seven babies after allegedly performing illegal late-term abortions and Karnamaya Mongar , 41 , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . He has pleaded not guilty . Gosnell 's defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , they were already dead because Gosnell had administered the abortion drug Digoxin . Cross , 28 , who stopped working at the clinic in 2009 when she gave birth to a child , reported Gosnell to authorities using the name of a relative , she said . Cross said Gosnell regularly performed illegal late-term abortions that he routinely recorded as "  24.5 weeks . " In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . Cross graphically described witnessing Gosnell cut the necks of several babies while she worked at the clinic . She recalled being present for more than 10 instances in which babies were delivered alive by patients given abortion drugs . "  Were those babies breathing ? " Assistant District Attorney Joanne Pescatore asked . "  Yes , " Cross replied . And then there was the time a mother gave birth while sitting on the toilet . "  It was swimming a bit , " she said , "  basically , trying to get out of the toilet . " She also described a baby so large that his arms and legs hung over the sides a plastic box that resembled a shoe box . "  That was the largest baby I ever saw , " she said matter-of-factly , indicating with her hands he was 12 to 18 inches long , before adding that Gosnell commented on his size . "  He 'd say , ` the baby 's big enough to walk to the bus stop , ' " she said . When Cross questioned Gosnell about seeing a baby moving or breathing , he told her what she saw was "  not real " and that there were instead involuntary spasms , she said . "  I thought they were breathing ; he said they were n't , " Cross said . Jurors were also shown a series of photos Cross took with her digital camera to document the unsavory conditions inside the Women 's Medical Society after she become disturbed by the Gosnell 's business practices . Cross admitted to having an abortion herself at a different clinic in 2007 because she was uncomfortable with the conditions at Gosnell 's facility . Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf . Furniture and equipment was blood-stained , dusty and broken . Cross pleaded guilty to drug charges in a federal case in which Gosnell is charged with illegally selling prescriptions . She was not charged in the murder trial involving Gosnell . The clinic was initially raided in 2010 for illegal prescription drug activity , not the doctor 's abortion practices . When authorities searched Gosnell 's practice , they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building . Similar to testimony from other clinic employees , after a few months of working at the Women 's Medical Society in August 2005 for $ 10 an hour , Gosnell had Cross working the ultrasound machine and assisting with abortion procedures , as well as other procedures she was not formally trained to do . Also on trial is Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at Gosnell 's clinic . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death .	Dr. Kermit Gosnell is charged with murder in the deaths of seven babies and one woman Ex-employee at a Philadelphia abortion clinic tells court of doctor cutting babies ' necks More than 10 babies were born alive at the facility , medical assistant Kareema Cross testifies
CNN  -- Lionel Messi , fresh from becoming the first player to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award on four occasions , found himself on the bench as Barcelona cruised past Cordoba in the Copa del Rey . The Argentine , who scored an astonishing 91 goals for club and country in 2012 , watched on from the sidelines as Barca recorded a 5-0 win to wrap up a 7-0 aggregate victory . Messi crowned world 's best for record fourth time Cordoba , which plays in the third tier , was blown away as two goals from David Villa and a Thiago Alcantara strike put Barcelona three goals ahead inside the opening 26 minutes . Alexis Sanchez scored twice after the break as the La Liga leaders set up a quarterfinal clash with Malaga , despite the absence of coach Tito Vilanova . The 44-year-old missed the game to seek medical advice following an operation for cancer of the salivary gland . Vilanova returns as Barca get back to work Vilanova , who was present for last weekend 's 4-0 win over city rival Espanyol , faces six weeks of chemotherapy and radiotherapy following the operation which took place on December 20 . Barcelona , which has won 17 of its 18 league games so far this season , sits top of La Liga with a lead of 11 points from Atletico Madrid . Barca plays its next match against Malaga on Sunday . In Thursday 's other games , Real Betis made it through to the last eight with a 2-1 aggregate win over Las Palmas . Following a 1-1 draw in the first leg , Ruben Castro 's 85th minute strike sent Betis through to face Atletico Madrid in the last eight . Atletico , which took a 3-0 lead to Getafe for the second leg , claimed a goalless draw to progress .	Lionel Messi sits on the bench as Barcelona crushes Cordoba 5-0 in Copa del Rey David Villa and Alexis Sanchez both score twice at Camp Nou Barcelona will play Malaga in quarterfinals Atletico Madrid and Real Betis both progress to last eight of competition
CNN  -- Flamboyant and fearless , Roberto Cavalli is the peacock of the fashion world ; with his body-hugging clothes , he woos women the world over . Fashion designer Roberto Cavalli But his clients are no dainty damsels : Cavalli 's women are Amazonian warriors and Grecian goddesses , whose armor is fashion and whose weapon is sex . His colorful creations are unabashed celebrations of the female form : dresses slashed to the hip or barely skimming the buttocks , necklines that plunge where no other designer dares . Cavalli 's woman knows she looks fabulous , and is n't afraid to show it : to her , it 's not just clothing , it 's an announcement that she 's arrived . Born in Florence in 1940 , Cavalli was immersed in an intensely creative environment from childhood . That influence came from his father , a tailor , and his artist grandfather , Giuseppe Rossi , whose work is shown in the famous Uffizi Galleries . Following in his father 's footsteps , Cavalli studied textile design at the local art institute . By the early 70s , he had developed an innovative technique for printing on lightweight leather , and his Florentine flair had led to commissions with Hermes and Pierre Cardin . In 1970 , he presented his first namesake collection at the Salon for Prt--Porter in Paris . His trademark work with unconventional fabrics like embellished denim and leather , mixed with wild animal prints and exotic patterns , was embraced by the jet set and Cavalli opened his first boutique in Saint Tropez in 1972 . Cavalli married his wife , Eva Duringer , a former Miss Universe , in 1980 ; she is now his business partner and right-hand woman . His fondness for bright color , exotics , fur and bold prints -- which he designs in his factory on the outskirts of Florence -- have won him a name as the king of fashion excess . Beloved by A-listers and pop princesses , these are not clothes for the shy : this is old-school glamour , infused with power , wielded by women who have flounced and shimmied their way to the top . See Cavalli 's designs on the catwalk " His main line is sold in over 50 countries worldwide , along with his diffusion lines RC Menswear and Just Cavalli , plus a children 's line , knitwear , accessories , eyewear , watches , perfumes , underwear and beachwear . He 's even ventured into Cavalli-branded vodka and wine . His collaboration with high-street fashion store H&M in November 2007 caused stampedes as his fans flocked to get their hands on his creations , desperate to capture some of that Cavalli magic at tiny prices . Some have asked whether his latest collections have taken a more gentle direction -- but the tiger 's inner fire still burns bright . Spring/Summer 2008 's bold flower prints and flirty feathered dresses were followed by Autumn/Winter 2008 's flowered dresses that at first glance appear dewy and fresh -- but look closer , and the hip-hugging cut belies their innocence . Cavalli is adored by his celebrity clientele , who flaunt his show-stopping creations on red carpets from Los Angeles to Sydney . Fans of his work include Halle Berry , Sharon Stone , Madonna , Jennifer Lopez , Gwyneth Paltrow , Beyonc Knowles , Charlize Theron and Victoria Beckham . If anyone sums up the glamour and glitz of show business , it 's Cavalli : fashion as theatre , shameless decadence where the whole world is a stage . That 's underlined by his eponymous 133 ' 9 " long yacht , built 2004 , and color-coordinated , naturally , with his helicopter and fleet of cars .	Florence-born fashion designer Roberto Cavalli is known for his bright , sexy clothes He is the grandson of Impressionist painter Giuseppe Rossi and the son of a tailor His clothes are adored by celebrities like Gwyneth Paltrow and Victoria Beckham Cavalli 's extravagant lifestyle includes color-coordinated yacht , cars and helicopter
CNN  "  It really depends what you want . Boy ? Girl ? Young ? Old ? " The man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader . After a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed . He 'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided I would pay more than the domestic rate . "  We can get , " he said . We 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground . We were told he was one of the men running this "  unofficial " displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of Yola as the influx of people fleeing Boko Haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps . It had all been heartbreakingly simple . We 'd asked who had children available to "  foster " -- a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up the orphaned children . The man on the phone was the end result of those inquiries . When our colleague want to see them , he was shown a group of children and asked which one he wanted to take . One , two maybe ? He escaped by saying he needed to check with his "  madam " -- me . I called . The man picked up and began referring to me as "  sister . " I told him we wanted to know what we 'd need to do , if we decided we did want to "  foster " the children . He told me , "  Sister , Jesus will reward me , " so the "  fostering " was free , he said . No need for any pesky paperwork -- just a reassurance from me that the children , if I chose to take them , would "  live in my heart . " If I could also then find it "  in my heart " to donate to those still in the camp , then that would be "  God 's work . " In spite of the harsh measures the Nigerian government has put in place to punish human traffickers , by the government 's own admission , 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor . The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country . Paradoxically , the group also rates Nigeria 's anti-trafficking agency , Naptip , as one of the strongest government responses on the continent -- but it 's clearly overwhelmed by the realities of working in what is now a zone of military operations , Nigeria 's north . As the insecurity in the region has spiraled , the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks . And as Boko Haram increases its reliance on child suicide bombers , concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group . At the camp where we finally met the man face to face , there was no attempt at subterfuge . We spoke in normal tones in full view of the children playing . I could have had one of them , I was told , but because I 'd specified a younger child , they 'd only identified one so far -- a 3-year-old . Did I want to consider an older girl ? A 12-year-old maybe ? She could look after the 3-year-old , and cook and clean . Either way , two girls would be ready tomorrow , he said . I could see them then . Our last phone conversation revolved around what an appropriate "  donation " would be in exchange for the children . He could n't , he said , bargain for it . He then proceeded to do just that , laughing down the phone at my first tentative guess of $ 200 . Laughing again at $ 300 . We finally found a figure he did n't find funny -- $ 500 . I put the phone down and we traveled back to the capital that day to show Naptip what we 'd found .	CNN team finds a man at "  unofficial " displaced camp willing to provide children to be "  fostered " He says he ca n't take money for them , but eventually demands $ 500 for two girls
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council is expected to meet Tuesday to consider a proposed resolution to authorize more sanctions against North Korea following the secretive regime 's controversial nuclear test last month . Pyongyang said the underground nuclear blast it conducted on February 12 was more powerful than its two previous detonations and used a smaller , lighter device , suggesting advances in its weapons program . It was the first nuclear test the isolated state has carried out since its young leader , Kim Jong Un , inherited power in December 2011 after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , who made building up North Korea 's military strength the focus of his 17-year rule . Like the regime 's previous tests in 2006 and 2009 , the move prompted widespread international condemnation , as well as a promise of tough action at the United Nations . The United States and China , a key North Korean ally , have been negotiating for weeks on the wording of the proposed resolution . China 's ` dissatisfaction ' Beijing 's government on Tuesday said it strives for a "  nuclear free peninsula . " It repeated its support for the U.N. Security Council 's condemnation of North Korea 's nuclear tests but also called for a muted response to it . "  China suggests the UNSC to keep a discreet , proper reaction to avoid the situation from escalating , " the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said at a media briefing Tuesday . North Korea 's government regularly rails vehemently against sanctions imposed on it . As a permanent member of the Security Council with veto power , China can strongly influence the body 's decisions and has previously resisted strong sanctions on the Kim regime , which it props up economically . The two communist countries have been close allies , since China backed the North in the Korean War in the 1950s . The United States backed the South in the conflict , fighting side by side with its troops . The two Koreas are still officially in a state of war , though an armistice signed in 1953 ended the bloodshed . Analysts say Beijing wants to maintain the North as a buffer between its border and South Korea , a U.S. ally . Immediately after Pyongyang 's nuclear test , Beijing expressed its "  dissatisfaction , " noting that it took place "  despite the international community 's widespread opposition . " Details of the proposed resolution remained unclear late Monday in New York . Russia , another veto holder , will support a resolution on North Korea if it does n't go beyond "  missile and nuclear issues , " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said Tuesday , according to the Russian news agency Interfax . "  A text focused on missile and nuclear issues linked to North Korea will be acceptable for us , " Gatilov told Interfax . The meeting Tuesday at which the text is expected to be presented is set to begin at 11 a.m. , according to the U.N. media office . A previous Security Council resolution in January that broadened sanctions on North Korea in response to a long-range rocket launch angered Pyongyang . Two days after that resolution was passed , the regime announced it would carry out the nuclear test . The rocket launch in December apparently succeeded in putting a satellite in orbit , a move North Korea said was for peaceful purposes . But the launch was widely considered to be a test of ballistic missile technology . Pyongyang has said its nuclear tests and other weapons programs are a deterrent against the United States and its allies . But North Korean state media regularly publish articles directing aggressive rhetoric against Washington and Seoul . "  North Korea 's nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs constitute a threat to U.S. national security and to international peace and security , " President Barack Obama said after the North 's nuclear test last month . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : China expresses its support for U.N. condemnation but wants a muted reaction The meeting Tuesday is a response to North Korea 's nuclear test last month The United States and China have been in talks on a proposed resolution The nuclear test followed a previous U.N. resolution broadening sanctions
CNN  -- Cornell William Brooks , hailed as a "  pioneering lawyer and civil rights leader , " has been selected as the new president and CEO of the NAACP , the civil rights organization announced Saturday . The human rights activist and longtime attorney , who once worked as a senior counsel for the Federal Communications Commission , said in a statement issued by the NAACP , that he was "  deeply humbled and honored to be entrusted with the opportunity to lead this historic organization . " The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is the nation 's oldest and largest civil rights organization . "  In our fight to ensure voting rights , economic equality , health equity , and an end to racial discrimination for all people , there is much work to do . I look forward to working with the dynamic board and staff , and continuing the important work of the Association in advancing racial and social justice and equality for all , " Brooks said in the statement . He 'll be formally introduced to the NAACP membership at the group 's national convention in Las Vegas in July . "  Mr. Brooks is a pioneering lawyer and civil rights leader , who brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to the Association , " NAACP Board Chairman Roslyn M. Brock said in a statement . "  We look forward to leveraging his legal prowess , vision and leadership as we tackle the pressing civil rights issues of the 21st century . " Wide-ranging advocacy Brooks , a fourth-generation ordained minister , has been serving as president and CEO of the New Jersey Institute for Social Justice in Newark . "  Brooks has worked to pass legislation enabling previously incarcerated men and women to rebuild their lives as productive and responsible citizens , " the NAACP said in a statement . "  He successfully pushed for state legislation to reduce the effects of widespread foreclosures . Mr. Brooks has worked to develop social impact investing tools to employ more people in higher wage work . " He also worked as executive director of the Fair Housing Council of Greater Washington and as an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , a group started at President John F. Kennedy 's request in 1963 . "  He has also campaigned tirelessly as an advocate for public education , affordable health care , and fiscal responsibility , " the NAACP said . Brooks has a bachelor 's degree from Jackson State University , a master of divinity from Boston University School of Theology , and a juris doctorate from Yale Law School . Last year , Benjamin Todd Jealous stepped down as president of the NAACP after five years . Jealous was a prominent voice against laws that the NAACP argued made it harder to vote , such as voter ID laws passed in numerous states in the past several years , and was outspoken over the February 2012 killing of Trayvon Martin , the Florida teen shot to death by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer . Lorraine C. Miller has been serving as the NAACP 's interim president and CEO .	Cornell William Brooks is a longtime lawyer and activist A fourth-generation ordained minister , he worked as a senior counsel for the FCC The NAACP will make a formal introduction at its national convention
CNN  -- Lionel Messi waited until injury time to break Iranian hearts Saturday and give Argentina a scarcely deserved 1-0 victory in Belo Horizonte in a Group F clash . Iran had come close to pulling off a major upset with a series of second half chances until Messi found space just outside the penalty area to fire home an unstoppable shot . It was his eighth goal in his last seven appearances for Argentina and could not have been more timely , a second win securing his side a last 16 place with a group match to spare . Messi had also scored what turned out to be the crucial second goal in Argentina 's 2-1 win over World Cup debutant Bosnia Herzegovina to open its Brazil 2014 campaign . Before his superb strike , the four-time FIFA World Player of the Year had been kept largely quiet by the dogged defense of the Iran , who had drawn with Nigeria in its opener . Argentina dominated possession in the first half , but Iran 's Jalal Hosseini had perhaps the best chance -- however the defender headed over the bar from a corner . Iran took the upper hand after the break , with Reza Ghoochannejad heading straight at goalkeeper Sergio Romero in the 53rd minute when he should have scored . Ashkan Dejagah then appeared to have won a penalty soon after when he was brought down in the area by Pablo Zabaleta , but Serbian referee Milorad Mazic waved play on . Dejagah was denied a goal in the 67th minute when the forward beat Zabaleta to a cross , but saw his header tipped over the bar by Romero . Reza also had a great opportunity to secure a famous victory with five minutes remaining , but it was Romero again to the rescue for Argentina with another fine save . "  They made the game very difficult for us , " admitted Argentine coach Alejandro Sabella after his side 's last-gasp victory . "  Messi was marked very tightly , but he showed perseverance , patience , attitude and always looked for the goal . He never gave up . " Sabella 's Iranian counterpart Carlos Queiroz also praised Messi , but was unimpressed by the referee 's performance in denying his side a second half penalty . "  Messi was fantastic , but the referee was n't , " said the former Real Madrid coach . "  I do n't understand it , he had to have seen it was a penalty . He was five meters away , there is no way he could n't have seen it . " Nigeria 1-0 Bosnia Later Saturday , Nigeria consolidated second spot in Group F behind Argentina with a 1-0 win in Cuiaba over Bosnia , who are eliminated . Peter Odemwingie 's 29th minute goal secured victory for the Super Eagles , who drew with Iran in the opening round of matches . Bosnia was left to curse its luck , with Edin Dzeko having a goal mistakenly ruled out for offside in the first half , while in stoppage time the Manchester City striker saw his effort strike the post . But Nigeria also carried an attacking threat and Emmanuel Emenike might have added a second only to see his late effort go just wide of the post . It was Nigeria 's first win at a World Cup since 1998 and they will face Argentina in the final group games Thursday .	Argentina beats Iran 1-0 for second win in Group F Lionel Messi goal in injury time secures victory Iran has strong penalty claim rejected in second half Nigeria beats Bosnia Herzegovina 1-0 in later Group F game
CNN  -- Two pilots safely ejected before an F-16 crashed during a training mission on Wednesday night near Luke Air Force Base in Glendale , Arizona , an Air Force spokeswoman told CNN . They were recovered a short time later by an ambulance crew , CNN affiliate KPHO reported . Air Force officials reported both pilots were uninjured . Witnesses said they could tell the plane was sputtering and popping just before it went down . "  The jet exploded . It went boom , " Eva DelaCruz , who lives near the base , told KPHO . "  It exploded again and we looked up and saw the jet with a lot of flames . Like a lot of fire and I said that 's not normal because we see jets left and right . " The Air Force will investigate the crash , according to KPHO .	Air Force officials report both pilots are uninjured The fighter jet sputtered and popped before gong down , witnesses said
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson was furious after his team 's hopes of retaining the English Premier League title were dented by a controversial 1-1 draw with Newcastle on Saturday . Demba Ba 's second-half penalty kept the visitors in fourth place despite having Jonas Gutierrez sent off with 11 minutes to play , and Manchester City can now move seven points clear at the top by winning at Liverpool on Sunday . Javier Hernandez put second-placed United ahead four minutes after the halftime break with a lucky goal when a volley by teammate Wayne Rooney hit visiting defender Steven Taylor and ricocheted into the net off the Mexico striker . Ba continued his hot scoring run , with the Senegalese striker netting his ninth league goal this season in the 64th minute as referee Mike Jones ruled that Rio Ferdinand fouled Hatem Ben Arfa -- but only after consulting with his linesman . Ferguson insisted the England defender had made a fair tackle . "  I think it was everyone 's view , including the referee as he thought Rio won the ball because he gave the corner kick , " the Scot told reporters . "  He let the assistant referee over-rule him . "  We had that situation a few weeks ago when the linesman gave a penalty kick for handball against Sunderland when it was obviously an opponent 's hand . " United hit the woodwork through England winger Ashley Young after Argentina international Gutierrez was dismissed for a second booking . Tottenham retained third place after winning 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion as Emmanuel Adebayor followed up his double against Aston Villa with two more goals to put his side two points behind United . The on-loan striker canceled out Youssouf Mulumbu 's early header when he was quickest to react after Ben Foster saved his 25th-minute penalty . Striker Jermain Defoe , handed a rare start in place of Rafael van der Vaart , put the London side ahead in the 81st minute after Adebayor helped put him clear with a backheel , then the Togo international sealed it in time added on from Gareth Bale 's cross . Fifth-placed Chelsea bounced back from successive defeats to beat Wolverhampton 3-0 and relieve the pressure on manager Andre Villas-Boas . The Portuguese has had to defend himself with Chelsea well off the pace and battling to stay in Europe after losing to Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League in midweek . Captain John Terry headed the London side ahead in the seventh minute , while young striker Daniel Sturridge and Spain winger Juan Mata also scored before halftime to leave the visitors hovering above the relegation zone . Sixth-placed Arsenal failed to join Chelsea on 25 points after being held 1-1 by London rivals Fulham , who moved up to 15th . Thomas Vermaelen 's 65th-minute own-goal gave Fulham hope of a first win at the Emirates , but the Belgium defender made amends by heading an equalizer with eight minutes to play from Theo Walcott 's right-wing cross . Bolton remained third from bottom after a 2-0 home defeat by Everton . Bolton had David Wheater sent off after just 20 minutes before second-half goals from Belgium midfielder Marouane Fellaini and Greek forward Apostolos Vellios lifted the visitors up to eighth . Norwich moved up to ninth with a 2-1 win at home to fellow promoted side Queens Park Rangers , as substitute striker Grant Holt scored a close-range decider with 17 minutes to play . Russell Martin put Norwich ahead in the 15th minute but Luke Young leveled on the hour after Jamie Mackie 's shot hit the post . Wigan moved off the bottom with a last-gasp 2-1 win at Sunderland , the club 's second victory in 13 games . Franco di Santo profited from an injury-time error by former Manchester United defender Wes Brown , after Jordi Gomez 's 44th-minute penalty had canceled out Sebastian Larsson 's opener for the home side . The result left Blackburn at the foot of the table in seven points following a 3-1 defeat by Stoke in the early match . Goals from Rory Delap , Glenn Whelan and Peter Crouch helped the home side end a run of four defeats and move up to 12th .	Alex Ferguson criticizes referee after Manchester United 's 1-1 draw with Newcastle Second-half penalty gives Manchester City chance to move seven points clear on Sunday Third-placed Tottenham close gap on United to two points with 3-1 win at West Brom Chelsea return to winning ways against Wolves but Arsenal draw with Fulham
Coleraine , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Two members of Jordan 's paralympic team who use wheelchairs and a trainer accused of sexual assault wo n't be competing in the London 2012 Paralympic Games . The three members of the Jordanian team were arrested after two girls and two women in Northern Ireland filed complaints alleging sexual assault by the men , police said . The three have been released on bail in Northern Ireland after an embassy official promised they would be returned to face sexual assault charges . The two athletes and the trainer , meanwhile , were withdrawn from competition and have returned to Jordan , according to a statement released by the International Paralympic Committee . The Jordanian Paralympic Committee 's president and board said it "  would be inappropriate " for the athletes to compete in the games , which begin next week . "  We have a zero tolerance on any misconduct and will continue to work closely with the Northern Ireland authorities to assist in their investigation . However , our focus is now preparing the remaining members of the team for competition , and we look forward to taking part in what promises to be a truly magnificent sporting event . " The men , who were training at a sports complex in Antrim , 35 kilometers  22 miles  northwest of Belfast , are accused of assaulting the women and girls over a four-day period , beginning on August 16 , police said . The men have denied the charges . Powerlifter Omar Sami Qaradhi , 31 , has been charged with two counts of sexual activity with a child , one count of sexual assault against a woman and one count of voyeurism , according to charges read during a hearing in Coleraine , County Londonderry . Powerlifter Motaz al-Juneidi , 45 , was charged with sexual assault against a woman . Trainer Faisal Hammash , 35 , was charged with two counts of causing a child to engage in sexual activity . A Jordanian embassy official said during the hearing that King Abdullah had been inquiring about the matter . She promised the men would return to Northern Ireland for future court appearances . A senior Jordanian government official denied reports that the King had personally intervened in the case , although the official said the monarch was "  concerned " by the allegations .	NEW : Jordan 's Paralympic Committee says it has "  zero tolerance on any misconduct " Two powerlifters who use wheelchairs and a trainer have been released on bail The men were in Northern Ireland training ahead of the Paralympic Games
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- After several tumultuous days that included police detentions , interrogations and a public flogging from angry Cossacks , the dissident punk band Pussy Riot struck back . The controversial Russian musicians released an angry music video on Thursday slamming Russian President Vladimir Putin 's crackdown on free speech and political expression . They also took aim at the Sochi Olympics ' whopping $ 50 billion price tag . Titled "  Putin Will Teach You To Love Your Country , " the music video included footage filmed Wednesday of Cossacks -- modern-day descendants of 19th-century horsemen who pushed the boundaries of the Russian empire -- flogging the women moments after they began lip-synching their song next to a large "  Sochi 2014 " sign in the Olympic city . "  The goal is to show what it 's like to be a political activist in Olympic Sochi , " Pussy Riot member Maria Tolokonnikova told CNN . Video shows Pussy Riot members beaten by Cossacks The band invited foreign media to a news conference at a hotel in Sochi for the unveiling of the new video on Thursday . But upon arrival , a bizarre scene unfolded . An employee at the hotel informed journalists a conference room would not be available . Outside , uniformed police and security officers in civilian clothes awaited the arrival of the band , alongside several dozen journalists . Also waiting , at least five male university students accompanied by a man dressed in a giant chicken suit . When four women from the band walked up , arms locked , the university students pulled out raw chickens and began chanting "  We like sex with chicken " in mangled English . The students and costumed chicken then attempted to disrupt the makeshift news conference given by the women in the park outside the hotel . "  We do n't understand their behavior and that 's why we 're protesting , " said 23-year old Sergei Barashov , one of the members of the anti-Pussy Riot demonstrators . Barashov said he was afraid the punk band would desecrate a Russian Orthodox cathedral that had been recently constructed on the outskirts of Sochi 's Olympic Park . Pussy Riot rocketed to international fame after the provocative musicians stormed into a Moscow cathedral in 2012 and performed an expletive-ridden song denouncing Putin . Tolokonnikova and her band mate Maria Alekhina were sent to prison on charges of hooliganism and inciting religious hatred . Russian authorities released the pair shortly before the start of the Olympics in Sochi along with several other high-profile critics of the Russian government . Prison failed to silence the two young women . They immediately went back to denouncing the Kremlin , as well as conditions inmates endure in Russian prisons . In the new song , Pussy Riot sings about the "  constitution being lynched , " government pressure against Russia 's lone independent TV station and of last week 's sentencing of environmentalist Evgeny Vitishko to a penal colony for three years . Vitishko , an outspoken critic who drew attention to environmental damage caused by the massive construction around the Sochi Olympics , has gone on hunger strike , according to his defense attorney . On Tuesday , police in Sochi detained members of Pussy Riot , along with at least seven human rights activists and journalists in connection with the investigation into an alleged theft at the band 's hotel . Hours later , all charges were dropped and the detainees were released from the police station , located just a few minutes ' drive from the Olympic Torch . The detention , as well as the televised attack by the Cossacks , have put the International Olympic Committee on the defensive . "  Personally I found the video and pictures very unsettling , " said Mark Adams , a spokesman for the IOC . "  It happened in Sochi , but it was unrelated to an Olympic venue and was not , as far as I know , a demonstration against the Olympics , " Adams said on Thursday . In its new song , Pussy Riot also takes aim at a quirk of bathroom interior designing in Sochi that became a social media joke in the Olympic Village and around the world . "  They took gay pride to the washroom , " the band sings . "  And made a two-seat toilet a priority . "	At a bizarre news conference in Sochi , Pussy Riot unveils a video critical of Vladimir Putin The video features footage taken of band members being attacked by Cossacks Man in giant chicken costume was part of fowl-themed group attempting to disrupt event On Tuesday , police in Sochi detained members of the dissident band
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso has said the Italian team were too slow at Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix as the legendary marque continued their stuttering start to the 2011 Formula One season . The two-time world champion slipped from fifth position on the grid to a seventh place finish at the Shanghai International Circuit and the Spaniard is now 42 points behind current leader Sebastian Vettel in the drivers ' championship after three races . Alonso , 29 , admitted he made a bad start in the year 's third grand prix but maintained race strategy was not the reason behind Ferrari 's low-scoring performance . "  Unfortunately , our race pace was too slow and I do n't think that a different strategy would have changed anything , " the former McLaren driver told Ferrari 's official web site . Proud Hamilton ends Vettel 's winning run "  I made a bad start , Felipe Massa -LSB- Alonso 's teammate -RSB- managed to get past me and a Force India nearly did the same , then it was a good battle on the opening lap . After the first pit stop , I lost too much time behind Michael -LSB- Schumacher -RSB- , thus losing touch with the leading group . "  It was a good battle , but I would have preferred to have been doing it for a podium finish rather than seventh place . " Alonso insisted Ferrari can improve and once again challenge Vettel 's front-running Red Bull team , citing the McLaren and Mercedes teams as examples to follow . "  I wo n't get downhearted or lose confidence . We know we have to improve to get to the front . McLaren and Mercedes have managed it and there is no reason to think we ca n't do the same . " Latest Formula One standings after round three Team president Luca di Montezemolo demanded an improvement from all involved with the Maranello-based outfit , and he called upon Ferrari engineers to redouble their efforts in an attempt to increase the performance of the 150 Italia car . "  This can not and must not be the team 's level , " the 63-year-old said . "  It 's a very delicate moment . I expect our engineers to act with determination and know-how , unleashing the maximum of their capacity to improve the performance of the car in a short time . "  I want Ferrari to be at the level that both we and our fans demand it should be . " The Brazilian Massa faired marginally better than his colleague with a sixth place finish , but the 29-year-old disagreed with Alonso that race strategy played no part in the result . "  The strategy ? Now , it 's easy to say that we were not on the right one , but we are a team and we take our decisions together . "  Vettel made the same choice as us and we had a reasonably similar pace . Probably we would have finished on the podium , but we need to look into all the details with the engineers . " British driver Lewis Hamilton took the checkered flag for McLaren on Sunday to end reigning champion Vettel 's 100 % start to his title defense . Ferrari 's decision making hit the headlines at the end of the 2010 season when an error in race strategy cost Alonso a third world title at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Formula now takes a three week break before the season 's first race in Europe , the Turkish Grand Prix , on May 8 .	Fernando Alonso has said Ferrari lacked race pace at the Chinese Grand Prix Alonso did not feel a different strategy would have had any impact on the race Teammate Felipe Massa said it is easy to criticize the strategy after the race
Sgt. Terry Mitchell withstood fire deep in the mountains of Vietnam and was exposed to Agent Orange . He survived that grisly war , but now , four decades later , his wife believes his life was cut short by delays in care at the Veterans Administration . On August 8 , 2012 , a pathology report found that a growth on Mitchell 's neck was "  concerning " for cancer . The recommendation : "  total excision , " meaning surgical removal . But Mitchell 's tumor was n't removed until October 22 , more than 2 1/2 months later . Ten months after that , Mitchell was dead . He was 63 . The VA Medical Center in Dallas tells CNN that Mitchell 's 75-day wait to have the cancer taken out of his body "  meets the standard of care " at the VA. . That has a lot of people worried . "  I really do n't think it 's appropriate that our vets have to wait for months , " said Dr. Karl Bilimoria , who worked at three VA medical centers and is now a cancer surgeon at Northwestern University . "  That 's just the way the VA works , and it 's sort of been this way for years . " In 2011 , Bilimoria and his colleagues published the results from their study on wait times for eight common cancers at Veterans Administration medical centers . The researchers found that waits from cancer diagnosis to surgery were longer at VA centers for all cancer types when compared with waits for the same cancers at community hospitals . For liver and colon cancers specifically , the VA surgery wait times were more than twice as long . In a statement , the VA told CNN , "  No Veteran should ever have to wait to receive the care they have earned through their service and sacrifice . We must work together to fix the unacceptable , systemic problems in accessing VA healthcare . " VA doctor : Timeliness not at the top of my list For three years , Bilimoria and his team shared their results with leaders at the VA. . Though many were outraged about the long waits , nothing seemed to change . "  We clearly have n't seen any major initiatives , " Bilimoria said . In October , one of Bilimoria 's colleagues at Northwestern wrote an e-mail directly to the head of oncology for the VA nationwide . Dr. Michael Kelley wrote back quickly , saying in part , "  Timeliness of care is of interest , but would not be at the top of my list . " Kelley added that even if there are delays at the VA , "  it does not appear to result in worse survival " for veterans . In a statement to CNN , Kelley wrote , "  No Veteran should have to wait for needed cancer care . It is not appropriate or acceptable for a Veteran to wait for months for cancer surgery . I strongly believe that timeliness in the delivery of care is a top priority , which is why I 've been actively engaged in the improvement of VA 's quality and timeliness of care . " A VA official said that what Kelley meant in his e-mail to Bilimoria 's colleagues is that he did n't think the Northwestern research was the highest priority , and he questioned those researchers ' findings . The official added that in 2007 , the VA established a quality improvement program called Cancer Care Collaboratives . The official said the program made "  demonstrable improvement in quality metrics , including timeliness , " but declined to be specific about those improvements . VA boss plans ` personal action ' this week in wait-list case A phone call for a dead man The question burning in Vicki Mitchell 's mind is this : Would her husband have lived if he 'd had his surgery earlier ? It 's almost impossible to answer . The VA says it commissioned an independent review of cancer care that showed "  in nearly all respects , the quality of VA care equaled or exceeded that of non-VA care . " But other studies have disagreed . One showed , for example , that the mortality rate at the VA after pancreatic cancer surgery is 2 1/2 times higher than the mortality rate at large academic health centers . The complication rate was 58 % higher among VA patients . Mitchell , who still lives in Sherman , Texas , knows she 'll never have an answer . But she sensed confusion at the VA as her husband was treated for a rare sarcoma , a cancer that develops from soft tissues like fat , muscle and deep skin tissues . For example , the VA sent him to an outside specialist for a surgery that turned out to be the wrong procedure for him , so he was sent back to the VA , losing precious time . She remembers leaving desperate phone messages at the VA that were never returned , although the VA says that all calls were answered in a timely manner . Mitchell says the confusion continued even after her husband 's death . Just a few months ago , the VA called , asking to make an appointment for the veteran . She politely told them he was dead . "  The lady said , ' I guess I really need to update my computer , ' " Mitchell remembered . "  I said ` yes , you really do . ' " Obama to tap former chief of Procter & Gamble to clean up VA ` Corrosive culture , ' weak leadership cripple VA , report says A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list	Research finds cancer wait times at VA centers are longer than at community hospitals For liver and colon cancer , VA surgery wait times were more than twice as long VA : "  We must work together to fix the unacceptable , systemic problems "
CNN  -- Even before Manchester United and Chelsea kicked off at Old Trafford on Monday , there was ample intrigue . With Chelsea making no secret about its interest in United striker Wayne Rooney , would the Englishman start ? Rooney , who United repeatedly insist is n't for sale despite the 27-year-old putting in a transfer request at the end of last season , did make the starting 11 and played the full 90 minutes . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho , meanwhile , did n't start a recognized striker , leaving $ 78 million man Fernando Torres on the bench . He again omitted Chelsea 's player of last season , creative midfielder Juan Mata . In the end , both teams maintained their unbeaten start to the young season thanks to a mostly dour 0-0 draw . In David Moyes ' first home game in charge since replacing Alex Ferguson , the scoreless tie was the first in the league at Old Trafford in four years . The pre-game hype thus made for more fun than the game itself and the post-game comments from both managers provided yet more entertainment . With reports of a club other than Real Madrid making a late bid for Tottenham winger Gareth Bale , a smiling Moyes did n't deny United was the team in question . "  Manchester United will always be interested in the best players , " Moyes told Sky Sports . "  We 're always looking to try to improve the team and the owners have given me every opportunity to bring in whoever I want . " Mourinho did n't rule out Chelsea making a third bid for Rooney , although he acknowledged the support the England international received from the crowd would make it difficult for him to leave . Rooney 's shift was full of commitment , particularly evidenced when he tracked back late to dispossess Ramires . He was arguably United 's best player . "  United fans  supported him all the way so I think this is a real special club with special fans and I think probably now he decides he wants to stay , " Mourinho told Sky . Chelsea went top of the standings with seven points through three games , having contested a game more than its rivals when the fixture against Aston Villa was moved up due to the Blues ' upcoming Super Cup clash against Bayern Munich . United , Chelsea and Manchester City are thought to be the title contenders this season and City was the first team to flinch when it lost 3-2 at newly promoted Cardiff on Sunday . "  I told the players before the game we want to win , we will play to win but if you do n't win , you do n't lose , " said Mourinho . "  I think the players understood this completely . " The first half Monday never took off . If ever a game needed a goal , as the saying goes , this was it . United striker Robin Van Persie struck the side netting and somehow teammate Antonio Valencia escaped a yellow card from Martin Atkinson when he hacked down Oscar . As the half drew to a close , Rooney almost slipped in van Persie but his pass was too heavy . United began the second half with more urgency and Danny Welbeck -- who scored two goals in United 's league opener last week versus Swansea -- should have done better when Rooney found him inside the box . Chelsea 's no-striker formation failed to match the potency of the Spanish national team and Torres entered in the 60th minute . United wanted a penalty when it felt Tom Cleverley 's shot struck Frank Lampard in the arm but Atkinson did n't budge . "  I think that 's two in a week that Chelsea has had ... which have been good shouts , " Moyes said , referring to an incident in the Villa game last week . Rooney 's rising shot in the 77th minute forced Petr Cech into a diving save and from the ensuing corner , Welbeck mistimed his header . Chelsea was by this time happy with a point , further shown when Mourinho replaced Kevin de Bruyne with not Mata but defensive midfielder John Obi Mikel . Three points for Madrid In Spain , Real Madrid made it two wins from two league games to match Barcelona after beating Granada 1-0 away . Karim Benzema , the French striker linked with Arsenal , accounted for the scoring with a 10th-minute goal . Real Madrid could have added to its lead , but Isco hit the post and Cristiano Ronaldo was denied by keeper Roberto .	Premier League title contenders Manchester United and Chelsea draw 0-0 It was the first scoreless tie in a league game at Old Trafford since 2009 Wayne Rooney , linked with a move to Chelsea , played all 90 minutes for the Red Devils The game marked David Moyes ' first home game in charge since replacing Alex Ferguson
CNN  -- A photo series capturing the moments of terror faced by Westgate shoppers has won a Kenyan journalist the top honors at this year 's CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards . Held in Tanzania on Saturday , Joseph Mathenge scooped the top prize for his work "  Images of Terror , " which first appeared in Kenyan daily newspaper The Standard . Mathenge 's photographs revealed the horrific attack from inside Nairobi 's upscale shopping mall in September 2013 . Mathenge said : "  It 's a great honor , and I 'm humbled to receive this award . All finalists who are here deserve this award . I hope it will motivate men , women and children of good will all over the world to fight terrorism . Memories fade with time , but pictures do n't . We felt it necessary to capture each and every moment so that generations to come may see the horror . " Chairperson of the judging panel , Ferial Haffajee , said : "  Joseph Mathenge 's photographs so eloquently captured one of Africa 's toughest 21st Century moments that they were worth a thousand words . That said , the quality of all the winners ' works made the contest a tightly run one . " The overall award carried a substantial cash prize , in addition to a three-week CNN Journalism Fellowship at CNN Center in Atlanta . All finalists received a cash prize and iPad Air , with runners-up also receiving an iPad mini . Mathenge was among a group of 28 finalists from 10 nations who attended the ceremony in Tanzania following a four-day programme of workshops , media forums , networking and sightseeing . Deborah Rayner , senior vice president of international newsgathering TV and Digital , CNN International , said the awards showcase excellence in journalism in Africa . "  By entering these awards , they have proved they have the determination , professionalism and courage to showcase Africa 's stories to the world . " Rayner presented the top accolade to Mathenge alongside Jakaya Kikwete , President of Tanzania and Nico Meyer , CEO MultiChoice Africa . Meyer said : "  We are proud to recognize your excellence in journalism and to reward you for your courage in telling stories that would have otherwise remained untold . " Imtiaz Patel , Group CEO of MultiChoice South Africa , praised the finalists ' role in advancing journalism in Africa . "  Your work echoes a great future for the role of the journalists and serves to further strengthen the role of the media in Africa . " Now in it 's 19th year , the Awards were established in 1995 to encourage , promote and recognize excellence in African journalism .	"  Images of Terror " from Kenyan journalist Mathenge wins award The winning photographs were originally published in Kenyan newspaper The Standard The ceremony was held n Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on October 18
CNN  -- Two Kentucky men pleaded not guilty Thursday to kidnapping and assaulting a gay man because of his sexual orientation , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Kentucky . The case marks the first use of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crime Prevention Act of 2009 to bring a case alleging a violation of the sexual orientation provision of the statute . David Jason Jenkins , 37 , and Anthony Ray Jenkins , 20 , were indicted late Wednesday for allegedly kidnapping and beating Kevin Pennington . The defendants , who are cousins , also are charged with conspiracy . On April 4 , 2011 , the defendants enlisted the help of two women to lure Pennington into a pickup truck with the Jenkins cousins , according to the indictment . The two men allegedly drove Pennington to Kingdom Come State Park and assaulted him . "  David Jason Jenkins and Anthony Ray Jenkins made a plan to assault Pennington because of his sexual orientation , " the indictment said . It also said the men wore clothing to try to hide their identities and disabled a light inside the truck to affect Pennington 's ability to see who they were . The women allegedly encouraged the defendants as they beat Pennington , but are not charged in the indictment . Andrew Stevens , David Jenkins ' lawyer , said he has not seen the government 's evidence in the case , but he told CNN he finds the use of the hate crime statute troubling . "  It 's hard to say how you get in someone 's head and say this has to do with homosexuality , " Stevens said . "  It 's quite a burden for the government to prove , and I have a suspicion we 're in for a fist fight . " Stevens said his view of the case is that there was "  an altercation " about a "  drug deal gone bad . " A lawyer for the other defendant did not immediately return a message seeking a comment . The trial for David Jenkins and Anthony Jenkins is scheduled for June 18 . If convicted , the defendants face a maximum of life in prison . Shepherd was a gay teenager who died after being tied to a fence in Wyoming and beaten in 1998 . Byrd was an African-American man killed in Texas the same year when he was dragged to death .	David Jason Jenkins and Anthony Ray Jenkins are accused of beating a gay man The case marks the first use of a sexual orientation provision of the Shepard-Byrd law The defendants , who are cousins , plead not guilty
CNN  -- Police in New Zealand say they 're powerless to arrest two boys who 've caused outrage with online boasts about raping underage girls too drunk to fight back . The alleged offenses happened two years ago but were only made public this week after local media came across a Facebook site , which named and "  slut-shamed " girls the boys had allegedly attacked . Her face and voice disguised , one of the alleged victims told 3 News : "  I just kept blacking out 'cause I had drunken too much ... You could say I got raped . I had sex with three guys at one time . " The alleged offenders -- a group of then school-aged boys -- call themselves the "  Roast Busters . " Until this week police say they 'd been boasting of their exploits on a number of websites , including Ask.fm and Twitter , as well as the Facebook site which has been shut down . In a video posted to YouTube , two boys made no attempt to hide their faces as they told the camera : "  We do n't choose the roast , the roast chooses us ... They know what we 're like ; they know what they 're in for . " Opinion : Do n't blame women 's drinking for rape Prime Minister John Key described the boys ' comments as "  extremely disturbing and disgusting , " but appeared to sympathize with police who say they 're unable to file charges until one of the alleged victims makes a formal statement . And despite one of the girls appearing on TV , police say no one is willing as of yet to file an official complaint . Police say they have been actively monitoring the group since the alleged offenses were committed in 2011 . They say the Facebook site appeared for the first time for a couple of months earlier this year , and reappeared a few weeks ago . Officers had been monitoring the site for enough evidence to warrant an arrest but were unable to find any before 3 News informed Facebook of its existence and had the page shut down . Police say they 've spoken with the boys but they have not admitted anything that constitutes a criminal offense . "  We have interviewed two of the boys -LSB- on Monday -RSB- again but we 're still not in a position to take immediate action , " Waitemata police District Commander Superintendent Bill Searle told CNN . "  The online claims themselves are not enough to warrant a prosecution . They might be morally inappropriate and unacceptable to us but we have to deal with evidence that would be admissible in a court of law and we have n't got to that stage yet , " he said . Searle refuted allegations that no action had been taken because one of the boys is an officer 's son . The other is said to be the son of a Hollywood actor , according to local press reports . "  NZ Police take any allegations of criminal offending by any of its officers or their families extremely seriously and recent cases have highlighted that police will not hesitate to thoroughly investigate staff facing allegations of a criminal nature and will put them before the court if there is a case to answer , " Searle said in a statement . Police declined to confirm how many boys were involved in "  Roast Busters , " but said the two ringleaders led a "  core group , " as well as "  an associated group . " The boys were attending at least two different schools at the time the alleged offenses were committed but all have since graduated , police said . It 's believed they 're now around 17 to 18 years old . Police also declined to confirm how many victims were involved but said it was "  a relatively small number " and confirmed at least one had attempted suicide . "  There 's no doubt they 've been severely traumatized by their involvement , " Searle said . Police have been counseling the girls since the alleged offense was reported but have yet to convince any to come forward and file a formal complaint . "  We understand it 's a very difficult situation for them -- and it would be a very difficult situation for them if they were to come forward for a court case , " Searle said . The case has inspired a number of online vigilante groups . Police said they are monitoring online death threats made against the boys and that action would be taken if "  anybody oversteps the mark . " Student op-ed argues ` drinking responsibly ' may reduce risk of rape On 3 News on Tuesday evening , a group of five girls aged between 16 and 19 defended the boys as "  good guys . " "  People know that they are Roast Busters and they go hang out with them and do stuff -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't think they 're rapists , they 're actually pretty cool dudes , " one said . Asked whether "  drunken group sex " was normal behavior , another said : "  It 's normal in west Auckland ... Not for everybody though it 's just the young ones 13 to 15 year olds -- that 's what they do . " New Zealand Police Minister Anne Tolley told CNN she was satisfied that "  police are doing everything in their powers to resolve this case . " Efforts are also underway to tighten the laws on cyber bullying in New Zealand . On Tuesday , a new bill was introduced to parliament which proposes a three-year prison sentence for posting material online with an "  intent to cause harm " as well as other measures to stop cyber bullying . "  No longer is bullying confined to the classroom or playground -- the digital age has meant tormenters can harass their target anywhere , at any time and the trails of abuse remain in cyberspace forever , " Justice Minister Judith Collins said in a statement . "  The Harmful Digital Communications Bill sends a strong message to those who continue to harass and harm others online -- time 's up . " CNN 's Tim Hume and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Teenage boys in New Zealand have boast online about raping drunken underage girls NZ police say they 're unable to file charges because there 's no formal complaint Alleged victims are said to be traumatized by their ordeal which dates back to 2011 Boys call themselves "  Roast Busters " in online posts , videos
CNN  -- The man suspected of trying to attack the Dutch royal family by crashing his car near their bus has died , Dutch police said Friday . A car is pictured after crashing into the crowd waiting for the visit of the royal family in Apeldoorn . The man , whose name was not released , had been seriously injured in the crash Thursday in the town of Apeldoorn , about 45 miles east of Amsterdam , police said . He died early Friday , police said . He had been charged with trying to attack the royal family , authorities said . Were you there ? Send us your video , images Police searched the man 's house but found no weapons , explosives , "  or any other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people , " police said . Five people , as well as the driver , were killed and 12 were wounded in the incident , which happened during the country 's annual Queen 's Day celebration , police said . Crowds had lined the streets to see Queen Beatrix and her family ride by in an open-top bus during the Netherlands ' annual holiday . See who the Dutch royal family are " As the bus moved along , a black hatchback zoomed past it . The crowds were behind barriers off the road , but security officials and journalists , including many cameramen , were in the road as the car went by . The car crashed into the low metal railing around a column on the side of the road . The vehicle appeared heavily damaged even before the crash , but the reason for that was unclear . There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time , police spokeswoman Esther Naber said . Members of the royal family saw the crash and gasped , then quickly sat down as the bus continued driving . The attack caused outrage in the Netherlands , newspapers Friday widely expressing disbelief and suggesting the monarchy would have to change . "  Queens Day will never be the same , " the Trouw newspaper said . "  The Netherlands always has been proud of their no nonsense royal family . With this comes a Queen who not only cycles a bike , but also mixes with people without obvious security measurements . Is that still possible now the royal family has been the target of an attack ? " The Algemeen Dagblad newspaper agreed . " "  What is going to happen on the 30th of April next year ? And will we continue to see the members of the royal family cycling through the canals of Amsterdam or hunting for bargains in the Bijenkorf in The Hague ? " Queen 's Day is a national holiday in the Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . The tradition started in 1885 and celebrates the birthday of the queen . Although Queen Beatrix 's birthday is January 31 , she officially celebrates her birthday April 30 , according to the Dutch government . Queen 's Day is known for its free market all over the country , where anybody is allowed to sell things in the streets . Other activities include children 's games and musical performances . The day is marked with the color orange all over the country as a reference to the colors of the royal family , who come from the House of Orange-Nassau . Emmy Dexel contributed to this report .	Incident happened during the Netherlands annual Queen 's Day celebration Car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying Queen Beatrix of Netherlands Police : No other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people Police : There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time
CNN  -- Violence in Mexico is back in the news and so is the perennial question : Is Mexico safe ? In just the last few weeks there have been stories of 12 young people allegedly abducted in daylight from a Mexico City club ; the death by beating of Malcolm X 's grandson , also in the capital ; the kidnapping of a U.S. Marine reservist from his father 's ranch ; the freeing of 165 people , including two pregnant women , who had been held prisoner ; and the case of an Arizonan mom traveling on a bus who was arrested and jailed , accused of smuggling drugs . That 's all before you look at the staggering toll of the years-long war between security forces and drug cartels -- at least 60,000 people killed in drug-related violence from 2006 to 2012 , according to Human Rights Watch . Other observers put the number even higher . Disappearances in Mexico City linked to gang Outside of war zones , more Americans have been killed in Mexico in the last decade than in any other country outside the United States , and the number of U.S. deaths jumped from 35 in 2007 to 113 in 2011 . But those numbers do not lead to any simple conclusion . Millions of Americans visit Mexico every year without incident , and the number of tourists continues to grow . Nearly 6 million U.S. citizens visited Mexico in 2012 , according to data from Mexico 's tourism ministry . The first quarter of 2013 has seen a 5.9 % uptick in American tourists compared to a year before , the ministry reported . Analysts and travel experts agree that security in Mexico varies -- sometimes dramatically -- from place to place . It 's a contradiction -- Mexico is both as dangerous as ever or as safe as ever , depending on one 's destination , actions and common sense . "  I think what you see in Mexico over the past few years is this movable target of what 's safe and what 's not safe , " said Shannon K. O'Neil , senior fellow for Latin America studies at the Council for Foreign Relations . Of course you can be hurt anywhere , but the risks are different for a business trip to the capital , seeking sun and sand in Cancun or visiting family across the border . Mexico City caution Residents of Mexico City were gripped this week by the disappearance of 12 young people from an after-hours bar in a popular entertainment district . The families of the missing , one only 16 years old , allege that they were kidnapped in broad daylight by an armed group . Investigators have confirmed that the group was at the Heavens After nightclub , but the case remains shrouded in mystery : There was no sign of an armed group or of a struggle at the scene , officials said . The incident grabbed attention because it was a particularly brazen crime for the nation 's massive capital . Throughout the violence spawned by the drug war , Mexico City remained a relatively safe place , not immune , but not awash in gangland violence . Twenty years ago , the city had a reputation as a dangerous place , but successive local administrations have made it safe for residents and visitors . Analyst O'Neil points out that there is a large police and security camera presence to keep it that way . "  Even if there was this wave of organized crime coming in , the law enforcement capacity in Mexico City is much higher than in other parts of the country , " she said . Malcolm Shabazz , grandson of Malcolm X , died last month after suffering an apparent beating in Mexico City . Many of the details of his night out remain unknown , but he had been at a bar one block south of Plaza Garibaldi , a rough but famous patch of the capital known for its mariachis . Those who know the city say that , just like any other major metropolis , there are areas that visitors should stay away from at certain hours . "  Physical safety if you are in the main tourist areas and you are sensible is not a problem , " in Mexico City , said John Bailey , professor emeritus at Georgetown University who has researched public security in Mexico . "  Bad things happen to good people , but that 's just a small fraction . " The State Department has issued no travel advisories for Mexico City . Opinion : In Mexico , guilty till proven innocent Safe at the beach The majority of the millions of Americans who visit Mexico head to resort cities along its coasts . The most popular destinations , according to Mexican officials , are Cancun , Riviera Maya , Los Cabos , and Puerto Vallarta . And while it 's impossible to separate completely the parts of Mexico on drug routes from where tourists go , there is a level of separation , O'Neil said . Drug trafficking may happen in Cancun just like anywhere else , but the tourist areas are typically safe , she said . 3 undeniable reasons to explore Mexico One thing the tourist destinations have in common , besides beaches , is that none is the subject of a travel advisory . Jill Noble , owner of Cruise Therapy Travel Co. in Texas , staunchly defends Mexico as a safe destination . "  I 've never felt threatened in any way , and that 's what I tell my clients , " she said . She blames the media for focusing on the negative and provoking fear in would-be travelers . That 's all that people read about , Noble said . "  I 've seen more paranoia , for sure , " she said . "  But it 'll pass . " Once her clients vacation in Mexico , they come back and wonder why they were scared at all in the first place , she said . By the numbers : U.S.-Mexico relations Border remains an unknown Two of the recent incidents that garnered headlines -- the jailing of Yanira Maldonado , accused of smuggling marijuana , and the search for missing Marine reservist Armando Torres III -- took place near the border . The area where Mexico abuts the United States is culturally unique and sees hundreds of billions of dollars ' worth of cross-border trade pass by on trucks . But the proximity to the United States makes many border cities key to illegal markets as well . Drug cartels fighting for lucrative smuggling routes engage in turf battles that can turn cities into war zones . Nuevo Laredo experienced this in the mid-2000s , and later , Juarez suffered the same . Some things are changing . The number of killings in Juarez , across the border from El Paso , has dropped enough for the city to shed the title "  Murder Capital of the World . "  San Pedro Sula , in northwest Honduras , has topped that list for the last two years .  Brazen daylight shootings and mass killings farther south in the state of Tamaulipas , across from where Texas hits the Gulf of Mexico , are no longer in the news . But that does not mean all is well . Rape case in Mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight "  Tamaulipas is under the control of criminal groups , " said Bailey , the professor with expertise in Mexican public security . The cartels may not be having daily shootouts in the streets , but the risks for those who venture to the wrong place at the wrong time persist , he said . Arizonan Maldonado was arrested in the northwestern state of Sonora after the bus she was riding was searched at a military checkpoint . Soldiers claimed to have found 12 pounds of marijuana under her seat and detained her . A very public campaign by her family put pressure on a judge to release her , which he did after a video showed that she did not board the bus with the illicit bundles . Buses have previously been targeted by criminal groups for extortion and kidnapping . In 2011 , the U.S. Consulate in Matamoros , across the border from Brownsville , Texas , issued a warning against bus travel after at least three reports by Americans that their buses were boarded by criminals . In at least one case , the male bus passengers , including one U.S. citizen , were forcibly removed and went missing . In Tamaulipas this week , authorities freed 165 migrants apparently kidnapped and held , possibly for ransom . The State Department has issued a travel warning for visitors to "  defer nonessential travel " to most areas of Mexico 's border states . Overall , Georgetown 's Bailey said travel to Mexico is safer today than two years ago . But it has a lot to do with one 's common sense and a twist on the old adage -- not so much who you know but where you go and what you do . "  Americans , " Bailey said , "  have a gift for finding trouble if they 're looking for it . "	Recent abductions and violence have put security in Mexico back in the news Yet millions visit Mexico every year without incident Safety varies dramatically depending where you are and what you do
CNN  -- Citing positive steps taken since the hazing death of a drum major , Florida A&M University 's interim leader said Thursday he has lifted the suspension of the school 's famous marching band . The Tallahassee , Florida , university 's band , called the Marching 100 , had been one of the top university marching bands in the United States , noted for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style incorporating popular music . But Robert Champion 's death , and other reports of hazing , sullied its reputation . Champion was beaten on a bus after a November 2011 football game in Orlando , Florida , as part of a band hazing ritual . The 26-year-old died "  within an hour " afterward , medical examiners reported . The Marching 100 was suspended by the university shortly after Champion 's death . The school has said it was making reforms to address the problem of hazing both on and off campus , including requiring all students to sign an anti-hazing pledge . In a statement released Thursday , FAMU Interim President Larry Robinson said a "  comprehensive " anti-hazing plan includes a revised student code of conduct procedures , enhanced means of reporting and investigating allegations , a new anti-hazing website , and more money for research on the problem . Officials said the band 's first post-suspension performance has not been scheduled . Its new director , Sylvester Young , reported for work earlier this month . "  When considering all of the measures we have put in place , I believe this constitutes us having the right conditions , " Robinson said . Champion 's parents , Robert Sr. and Pam , said they were not consulted about the decision . Their attorney told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB that hazing has occurred this year at the university . "  They are putting dollars over the students , " Robert Champion Sr. said of FAMU . Pam Champion said anti-hazing steps taken by FAMU are insufficient . "  You need a lot more in order to get that message out , " she told WSB . "  You need to be in those schools , in their face , every opportunity that you can get . " Robinson 's predecessor as FAMU president , James Ammons , stepped down in July 2012 after trustees issued a no-confidence motion in his performance . The vote followed a series of investigations after Champion 's death . The vote also related to financial audits that resulted from the hazing investigation . Twelve former students faced manslaughter charges in the Champion case , attorneys familiar with the case said in March . The band member 's roommate in May pleaded nolo contendere , or no contest , to a felony charge of hazing resulting in death and first-degree hazing . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Late student 's parents criticize the decision Drum major Robert Champion died after being beaten in a hazing ritual after a football game The school 's famed Marching 100 band was suspended after Champion 's death The school says positive steps have been taken , the suspension is lifted
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Eight former Argentine military officers , including two one-time dictators , went on trial this week to face allegations that they systematically stole babies from political prisoners and gave them new identities . The accusations stem from the country 's "  Dirty War " from 1976 to 1983 . During those years of military dictatorship , up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers . Jorge Rafael Videla was among the coup leaders who overthrew then-President Isabel Martinez de Peron in March 1976 . He ruled as dictator until 1981 . Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone ruled the country from June 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in December 1983 . They are the two most high-profile defendants on trial for being the "  presumed authors of the crimes of theft , retention and hiding of minors , as well as replacing their identities , " according to a statement from the country 's judiciary . Specifically , the officers are being tried for the stealing of 34 babies from their parents , the court said . Approximately 370 witnesses will be called to testify , according to the judiciary . The trial could take at least eight months to complete . "  The most real proof that there was a system in the thefts is the living proof , the children who regained their identities , " said Agustin Chit , a lawyer for the Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo , who are among the plaintiffs . "  It 's all the documents that the grandmothers in these 33 years were able to collect . There is no perfect crime and there was n't in this case in relation to the systematic plan . Even the bureaucracy of the state apparatus left behind many documents . " Neither the defendants nor their lawyers made comments as the trial got underway Monday , but in previous occasions have said that those incidents happened during a war and that the trial has a political angle and is not about finding the truth . Carlos Pisani , whose parents were both kidnapped when he was only 37 days old , said that he 's been waiting for more than three decades for justice to be done . "  We have fought for many years so that today we can have a country where we have justice , " Pisani told CNN en Espaol . Unlike others who were stolen and given a new identity , Pisani was raised by his grandmother , who told him from a young age about the circumstances surrounding his parents ' disappearance . He has worked with a group of youths that include some of those whose cases are being heard in court . "  There are lots of losses that you feel over time and that can not be made up , " he said of losing his parents . "  The physical loss is irreplaceable . " Videla was previously convicted in December of human rights abuses during his rule and is currently serving a life sentence in prison . Bignone was sentenced in April of last year to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people . CNN en Espaol 's Javier Doberti contibuted to this report .	Eight former Argentine officers are accused of systematically stealing children It happened during the country 's "  Dirty War " from 1976 to 1983 Former dictators Videla and Bignone are among the defendants
Seventy-four passengers trapped aboard an expedition vessel in the Antarctic for nearly a week will have to wait even longer as a rescue ship slowly makes its way through thick ice and snow . The Australian icebreaker ship Aurora Australis was 11 nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged Akademik Shokalskiy early Monday , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . "  It 's hard to tell if it makes it through , " said Lisa Martin , a spokeswoman for AMSA . "  There are snow showers in the area that are causing bad visibility ; conditions are deteriorating . " Visibility was only about 200 meters  656 feet  , not enough to assess whether the ice breaker can cut through . "  It 's a wait-and-see operation . It 's a very complex situation , " Martin said . This attempt by the Aurora Australis follows one by the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , which was just six nautical miles away from the trapped vessel when it could n't get any closer due to unusually thick ice . The Snow Dragon went back to open water but remains in the area to provide support , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , another spokeswoman for the AMSA . The Chinese ship has a helicopter on board that could assist in evacuation . "  We are waiting on the Aurora Australis to tell us if it can make its way through the ice . If it ca n't , then we will be shifting towards the helicopter , and obviously that is weather dependent , " Martin said . A French icebreaker was also en route to assist , but AMSA called off that vessel 's mission Saturday after it became clear that ship would n't get farther than the Chinese boat . Also , the French and Chinese ships can break ice only about 1 meter  3.3 feet  thick , whereas the Australian ship can pierce through floe about 1.35 meters  4.4 feet  thick . "  Some reports say that the ice is at least 2 meters  6.6 feet  deep . It 's a possibility that the Aurora Australis might not be able to break through that type of ice , " Hayward-Maher said . Chipper updates continue Throughout the week trapped passengers have been giving mostly positive updates via YouTube , greeting family members and telling everyone that they 're having a great time . "  It 's my birthday today -- it could n't be a better day to have a birthday with my 80-something new friends , " one female passenger declared cheerfully while standing on the ice in front of the stranded vessel . "  This afternoon we 're gon na have some singing on the ice , which should be fantastic as well , " another female passenger adds . "  It 's absolutely spectacular here ; it 's like this magical winter wonderland , " she declares with a smile as she waves her arms to point out the vast expanse of snow and a foggy sky . The group continues to do research and finds activities to stay occupied , but there is growing concern that blizzard conditions could worsen over the coming days , according to expedition leader Chris Turney , an Australian professor of climate change . Extreme conditions The rescue icebreakers were battling the planet 's coldest environment while trying to reach the Akademik Shokalskiy ship , whose 74 researchers , crew and tourists remained in good condition despite being at a frozen standstill since last Monday . "  The vessel is fine , it 's safe and everyone on board is very well , " Turney said . "  Morale is really high . " The ship got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg of its research trip . According to Turney , a professor at the University of New South Wales , the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick . It was about 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . On Christmas morning , the ship sent a satellite distress signal after conditions failed to clear . The crew had a "  great Christmas " despite their situation , Turney told CNN . He said crew members have used the delay to get more work done . "  We 've just kept the team busy , " he said . The expedition is trying to update scientific measurements taken by an Australian expedition led by Douglas Mawson that set out in 1911 . The expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began November 27 . The second and current leg of the trip started December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on January 4 . Turney said the ship should still be back in New Zealand on time . Century-old photo negatives found in Antarctic explorer 's hut	An Australian icebreaker is now 11 nautical miles away It 's not clear yet if it can break through the ice , Australian official says A Chinese ship ca n't break the ice but is staying nearby in case of helicopter evacuations Any helicopter rescue of 74 tourists and scientists on board will depend on weather
CNN  -- Well , look at that . The boys at Augusta National Golf Club finally came into the 20th century , only 12 years after the millennium . With the admission of Condoleezza Rice and businesswoman Darla Moore into their previously male-only club , one more gender barrier has been cracked . But it remains to be seen whether it has been truly broken . Augusta National was forced to open to black men way back in 1990 , when a controversy erupted at the Shoal Creek Country Club in Alabama . The club was all white , and PGA tour sponsors balked . So the PGA changed the rules -- meaning clubs that discriminated on the basis of race or gender would no longer be allowed to host a tournament . Some -- like Shoal Creek -- changed their policies and opened the membership . Others said "  no thanks , " valuing their right to discriminate above hosting a tournament . But there was one exception -- Augusta National . It did open to black men "  after being pistol-whipped behind closed doors , " according to one major golf writer who was around at the time . But it drew the line on the girls . That 's why the Masters Golf Tournament has n't been an "  official " PGA tour event since then , even though the results count , and everybody knows the PGA is officially ignoring its own policies and looking the other way . When the National Council of Women 's Organizations asked the club in a polite letter in 2002 to reconsider its stand against women , then-Chairman Hootie Johnson went ballistic . It became a national argument over where women ought to be allowed to go , and who had the right to openly and proudly discriminate . And when NCWO made the membership roster public for the first time since the club was formed , it became clear that while race discrimination was viewed by the Fortune 500 CEOs who made up the membership as a no-no , they saw nothing wrong with sex discrimination . They cowered behind their mahogany desks and refused to make a statement -- never mind resign from the club . IBM , the major sponsor of the Masters , even had a representative call me as chairwoman of NCWO and bawl me out for making a fuss . Celebration , surprise , humor after Augusta National admits first women Confined to a muddy field far from the gates , the protest we staged in 2003 was widely reported as a failure . But time and persistence have proved that version wrong . Had the women 's groups backed down then , we would n't be celebrating the admission of Rice and Moore now . Had we not changed the conversation about sex discrimination and kept it front and center every year at tournament time -- while behind the scenes facilitating $ 80 million in legal settlements on behalf of women working at companies whose CEOs were club members -- the issue would have quietly died away . Maybe for another century . While no one save the club leadership is privy to the decision-making , it 's long past due , and the exact process does n't matter . What does matter is that the women 's movement once again succeeded . And of course after enduring taunts , insults , and even death threats , which have never stopped over the past 10 years , my personal feelings are tremendous relief and vindication . But that 's tempered with concern . The challenge now moves to the CEOs of those corporations who so stubbornly hung together 10 years ago and now say it 's a joyous occasion to welcome women to the golf club . Will Moore and Rice be marginalized and tokenized , like the two or three black men who were admitted after Shoal Creek ? Or will the members step up to the plate and get a real plan for reaching parity ? Augusta National no longer just a ` boys club ' And a far more important club these same guys belong to is the business world at large . Do they welcome women into their boardrooms and the highest ranks of their companies ? Not yet . Women make up only 16 % of Fortune 500 board members and not even 5 % of CEOs . Our research in 2005 showed that through interlocking business relationships and corporate board seats , the members of Augusta National reach into over 1,300 companies and major charities . That 's a hell of a lot of influence . Let 's hope they use it right before the turn of another century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Martha Burk .	For 10 years , Martha Burk and others fought to get Augusta golf club to accept women Burk : Through decade of protests , taunts , CEOs have fought bitterly to ban women She says the more important club is the corporate boardroom , where women are scarce Burk is relieved , but now the struggle is to get women into the top ranks of businesses
CNN  -- Europe has dominated the Ryder Cup recently , winning five of the last six editions including the dramatic 2012 competition in Illinois . It 's still early but the European women could be on the way to starting a streak of their own in the Solheim Cup . They took a 3-1 lead against the U.S. following the opening session of foursomes at the Colorado Golf Club on Friday . Besides making it back-to-back titles , a win in Parker , Colo. , would give Europe a first ever victory on American soil . Swedish pair Anna Nordqvist and Caroline Hedwall earned Europe 's first point by upsetting British Open champion Stacy Lewis and Lizette Salas 4 and 2 before Suzann Pettersen and Beatriz Recari topped Brittany Lang and Angela Stanford 2 and 1 . While world No. 3 Pettersen is a veteran , Recari is one of six Solheim Cup rookies on the European team . She 's joined by 17-year-old Charley Hull , who became the youngest participant in Solheim Cup history when she later played in the fourball matches . "  It 's the most pressure I ever felt because it 's not only for you , it 's for a team and it 's for something greater than yourself , " Recari , twice a winner on the LPGA Tour this year , was quoted as saying by the LPGA 's website . "  So you have a little extra pressure to hit the shots . " The U.S. got on the board when Solheim Cup standout Morgan Pressel teamed with Jessica Korda -- the daughter of retired tennis grand-slam winner Petr Korda -- to down Catriona Matthew and Jodi Ewart Shadoff 3 and 2 . But the experienced pair of Cristie Kerr and Paula Creamer fell to Azahara Munoz and Karine Icher 2 and 1 . "  We 're all trying to take care of our own match and definitely getting off to a good start really helps , " Hedwall was quoted as saying by the LPGA 's website . Lewis ' round began poorly and the world No. 2 behind Inbee Park was visibly frustrated , dropping her club at one stage after an errant drive . Pressel , though , improved to 8-2-2 in the Solheim Cup as she played alongside rookie Korda . "  We did n't make a lot of mistakes , " she told the Golf Channel . "  We made a few but kept them to a minimum . Hit a lot of fairways and greens and made a couple of putts . Both of us made some pretty big par saves . "  We 're good friends so it 's a lot of fun to play together . She 's got some fire in her belly , that 's for sure . "	Europe takes an early 3-1 lead in the Solheim Cup in Colorado after Friday 's foursomes Europe is the defending champion and trying to win in the U.S. for the first time British Open champion Stacy Lewis was one of the Americans on the losing side
CNN  -- The combination of Google 's new storage service , Google Drive , and the company 's recently unified terms of service and privacy policy , have riled the Internet into demanding to know why Google seemed to be claiming ownership of their customers ' files . As it turns out , the company claims no ownership -- it says so right in the terms of service . And a comparison between Google Drive 's terms and that of other storage services turns up few material differences , except for a couple of questionable terms that may land your content in Google 's promotional materials . In a comparison piece , The Verge noted that the terms of service from four major cloud storage services -- Dropbox , iCloud , Microsoft SkyDrive , and Google Drive -- all claim no ownership of the files you give them . Several publishing outfits raised the alarm about a clause in Google 's terms of service that states Google reserves the right to "  use , host , store , reproduce , modify , create derivative works  such as those resulting from translations , adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services  , communicate , publish , publicly perform , publicly display and distribute " content uploaded to their services . But as The Verge pointed out , other services have similarly expansive , and sometimes more expansive , terms , and those services mean only to use them in service of , well , the services . When we spoke to the Electronic Frontier Foundation about Google Drive 's terms of service , the EFF found little about them that was more suspicious than in any other similar cloud service . But Rebecca Jeschke , EFF 's media relations director and digital rights analyst , paused over one phrase : "  The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating , promoting , and improving our Services , and to develop new ones . " Promoting ? Google 's unified privacy policy states that it wo n't use your material to do anything other than "  provide , maintain , protect and improve -LSB- its services -RSB- , -LSB- and -RSB- to develop new ones , " and will ask for consent before lending your material to any other uses . But if a file is set as publicly available , that is considered consent for use to promote Google 's services . If a user uploads a photo and sets it as publicly viewable , that picture could end up in an ad for Google . The good news here is that Google is n't going to be strewing your personal files all over the Internet as banner ads , as the terms of service alone might suggest , provided the files have some privacy settings , as they do by default -- viewable only to friends , for instance . But a public file on any of Google 's services could , in theory , end up in promotional materials . It makes some sense that public content could be used by others , but it 's easy to forget how public "  Public " on an Internet service is . It gives us flashbacks to the family photo posted on a blog that wound up in a Czech ad . Jeschke went on to point out that users should be more concerned with who Google might be forced to give their files to , than what Google itself might do with their files . "  In light of Megaupload , it 's possible that users are worried about the wrong thing , " she said . Files stored in the cloud can still be easily lost or subpoenaed without the users ' knowledge , Jeschke noted , an issue that 's often overlooked . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Users want to know why Google Drive seemed to be claiming ownership of customers ' files As it turns out , the company claims no ownership -- it says so right in the terms of service But a public file on any of Google 's services could , in theory , end up in promotional materials
London  CNN  -- The judge in the fraud trial of two former assistants to celebrity chef Nigella Lawson told the jury Thursday to disregard comments made by Prime Minister David Cameron in relation to the case . The start of proceedings was delayed while the judge considered press reports centering on comments Cameron made regarding Lawson , a prosecution witness , during an interview with a journalist . Judge Robin Johnson said , "  It is of regret when someone in public office comments about a person who is involved in a trial that is in progress . What public officials feel about  a  witness should have no bearing on your own thoughts . " The two former assistants , Italian sisters Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo , both deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds from Lawson and her ex-husband , Charles Saatchi . The Spectator magazine article , with remarks by Cameron , was read out in court . In the article published Tuesday , a journalist writes that , since the case is ongoing , he did not expect an answer when he asked Cameron if he is "  on Team Nigella , " a term her supporters use to refer to themselves on Twitter . " ' I am , ' he  Cameron  says . ` I 'm a massive fan , I 've had the great pleasure of meeting her a couple of times and she always strikes me as a very funny and warm person , but I 'm also an amateur cook and I like her recipes . Nancy  Cameron 's 9-year-old daughter  and I sometimes watch a bit of Nigella on telly . Not in court , I hasten to add . ' " ` White powder , rolled up bank notes ' Testifying in her defense at Isleworth Crown Court , Elisabetta Grillo , 41 , with an Italian translator by her side , was questioned about allegations of drug use by Lawson . Grillo said she had never seen Lawson take drugs , but that she was aware that she used cocaine and cannabis . She recounted seeing a fake book that was like a box that had white powder inside . She also recounted finding a packet containing white powder in the bathroom , rolled up bank notes and credit cards and CDs with traces of white powder on them . Asked by her lawyer how often she saw signs of cocaine use over the years she worked for the family , Grillo said , "  Every three days , I do n't know , regularly . " Grillo said she thought Lawson knew that her assistant was aware of the drugs use but that "  it was not open . " She did not raise it with the chef , Grillo said . Lawson 's children told Grillo their mother was smoking cannabis , Grillo told the court . They said it helped her to sleep , she said . In her testimony last week , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user , saying , "  I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem . " Saatchi had said in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in his testimony before the court he backed off that claim . In the e-mail , which was shared with the court by the defense in a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the two assistants would probably "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " ` Allowed to use card ' Giving evidence Thursday , Grillo said she had been in London since 1999 and had worked for Lawson and her first husband , the late John Diamond , first part time and then as a full-time nanny for their children . Grillo said she 'd seen them as a second family and had had a great relationship with Lawson . She described the household as being less happy after Lawson married Saatchi , saying he was "  difficult " and "  very shouty . " The sisters are accused of spending large sums on luxury goods for themselves on company credit cards they were supposed to use for household expenses . But Elisabetta Grillo told the court that Lawson had allowed her to use the company card , which she was given in 2007 , for personal expenses such as clothing , shoes and dental fees . "  Once she sent me to very nice hairdresser in Kings Road , she said , ` You can use Charles ' card ' to straighten my hair and buy makeup if I go out , " Grillo said of Lawson . Grillo said she had never been told not to use the card for personal expenditure and that she did not believe she 'd done anything wrong . Asked about purchases which the prosecution said were unauthorized , Grillo said each one had been approved . Grillo said she was "  sad " that the relationship had ended the way it had , after 14 years . The last time she spoke with Nigella Lawson was in June , she said . The chef had asked her to appear in her latest project and , Grillo said , "  sent me a message saying how happy she was that I was in her life . " Grillo 's lasagna recipe is included in the chef 's book "  Nigellissima , " she said . Public argument The trial has been closely followed by the UK media because of its high-profile witnesses , Lawson and Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . The allegations of drug use emerged in June , around the time Lawson and Saatchi were photographed having an argument in a restaurant . In the photos , which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers , Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat and appears to pinch and look up her nose . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . Lawson , widely referred to as a "  domestic goddess " in Britain after the title of one of her cook books , has also appeared as a judge on ABC 's "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January . Testimony in the case will continue Friday .	Elisabetta Grillo describes signs of cocaine use but says she did n't see Lawson take drugs Judge says it is "  of regret " a public official commented on a witness in an ongoing case David Cameron made remarks on Lawson in a magazine interview Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo deny embezzling large sums of money
CNN  -- With Halloween on a Monday , there 's still the entire weekend to get into the holiday spirit . Decorating the home is a great way to celebrate , especially if you have children or want to postpone the feeding frenzy until next week . It does n't have to be the standard store-bought fare , and it does n't have to be a daylong undertaking , says crafter extraordinaire Emily Grosse of Assemble Gallery & Studio in Seattle . Pumpkins on the front porch and a wreath on the door with few special do-it-yourself touches can add visual interest , sophistication and whimsy . Grosse took a few minutes from leading crafting workshops and children 's Halloween parties to share a few ideas from a variety of sources . For more home and style ideas , check out her blog , neatLOAF . Pumpkins as candy corn : Instead of choosing the perfect round pumpkin , take oddly shaped ones and spray-paint the tops white and bottoms yellow . Our pumpkin is now a candy corn . Handmade yarn wreaths : Instead of hanging a fake-leaf wreath , tightly wrap a foam wreath base in yarn and embellished with a few felted flowers , all in autumn hues . Garland made from doilies and coffee filters : By using white and natural-colored filters , the florets look old and beautiful and still a little creepy ... a bit Miss Havisham . Bonus : Costume ideas for Mom and Baby : Mom can be the chef , and Baby can be the lobster in a pot . Or , Mom can be the plane and Baby can be the pilot . How else would you pull that off ? Here are a few more ideas borrowed from Apartment Therapy and beyond : Best Halloween party decorations : Budget-friendly ideas for dressing up furniture , lighting and the food table for your holiday bash . Creepy botanical gardens : Creepy plants and flowers grow year-round that seem made for Halloween , from the eyeball plant to the bat-faced cuphea . But even just adding a few tiny tombstones to a small terrarium gives you a creepy graveyard scene that 's also pretty darn cute . Make your own Halloween dinnerware : Cheaper and more fun than buying Halloween dinnerware , all it takes is some cheap plates , a porcelain pen and painters tape to make your own . DIY decor for the whole home : Novel takes on traditional themes , from candy jars and birdcages to garland and Spanish moss centerpieces .	Pumpkins and wreaths with DIY touches can add whimsy , sophistication to holiday decor Use doilies and coffee filters to make garlands that look old , beautiful and a little creepy Wrap a foam wreath base in yarn , embellish with flowers , for customized wreath Bonus costume ideas for Mom and Baby : Chef and lobster , plane and aviator
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson confirmed on Tuesday that Wayne Rooney wants to leave the English Premier League club in a series of interviews aimed at ending speculation over the soccer star 's future . "  We can not quite understand why he would want to leave , " Ferguson told reporters , revealing he had first known in August that Rooney would not sign a new contract . "  We do n't understand it . I ca n't answer any questions about why he is doing it . "  We can speculate . We can have opinions . It wo n't matter a dickie-bird , simply because the player is adamant he wants to leave . We have to deal with the next part of that , which we will do , as best we can , in relation to this request . "  I can do no more than I have said at the moment because we still , to my mind , have the door open . " Has Wayne Rooney made the right decision ? Rumors had been building that the striker had refused to extend his United deal -- which expires in mid-2012 -- following an apparent rift with Ferguson , with the player having publicly contradicted the Scot in statements about his fitness . Ferguson has rarely selected Rooney in his starting line-up since newspaper reports emerged last month with claims about alleged marital infidelities , at first saying he was protecting the player and then that he had an ankle injury . Read CNN World Sport anchor Alex Thomas ' Twitter feed But the 24-year-old last week said he has had no fitness problems this season after returning to action in England 's Euro 2012 qualifier against Montenegro , sparking widespread reports that he was unhappy with Ferguson . "  Why he was saying he was n't injured , you can only guess yourself . It 's disappointing , " Ferguson told the United website on Tuesday . "  We 've never had any argument , not a bit . I think you have to understand the mechanics of these situations when people want to leave the club . It 's an easy one to say he 's fallen out with the manager , a very easy one to say . " Ferguson said United chief executive David Gill had begun new contract negotiations with Rooney before the World Cup started in June . "  David , in the early part of the summer , had opened talks with his agent . And that was to be continued after the World Cup , " Ferguson said . "  I was in the office on August 14 when David told me he 'd had a call from his agent saying that Wayne was n't going to sign his contract . So then David came across to see me . He said he could n't believe it and neither could I. "  I was dumbfounded , I could n't understand it at all because only months before he 'd said he was at the biggest club in the world and he wanted to stay for life . We just do n't know what 's changed the boy 's mind . David was shocked , I was shocked . "  I had a meeting with the boy and he reiterated what his agent had said . He wanted to go . I said to him , ` Just remember one thing : respect this club . I do n't want any nonsense from you , respect your club . ' "  What we 're seeing now in the media is disappointing because we 've done everything we can for Wayne Rooney , since the minute he 's come to the club . We 've always been there as a harbor for him . Any time he 's been in trouble , the advice we 've given him -- I 've even been prepared to give him financial advice , many times . " No January signings , say Real Madrid Ferguson opted to rest Rooney for the match against his former club Everton in the light of newspaper allegations that the player had slept with prostitutes . Rooney then played in the Champions League clash with Scottish club Rangers , but came off with an injury . "  He got an ankle injury in the Rangers game . He was seen clearly hobbling at halftime . He confirmed it himself in an interview with Sky , " Ferguson told reporters at another press conference . "  My idea , based on the fact he was n't playing that well , was to leave him out of the Sunderland game , make sure his ankle is properly prepared for the next game , and give him a 10-day recovery so he could play for England . " Ferguson said he decided to clear the air by talking publicly because the situation was affecting United 's on-field performances , most recently dropping points against promoted West Brom on Saturday . Van Der Sar gifts West Brom a point "  There 's been no falling out . That 's why we need to clarify the situation now for our fans . Because what we saw on Saturday was unacceptable . When we were at 2-2 and the fans were chanting for Wayne Rooney , it put pressure on the players and it did n't do any good for the team . "  So we 've got to clarify the situation and try to do it right . There 's no -LSB- specific -RSB- offer on the table for Wayne -LSB- at the moment -RSB- . "  Of course . David 's prepared to offer the best terms possible for any player in the country . We realize and recognize the quality of the player , that 's why negotiations were started early summer , two years before his contract was up , to extend that contract . And also extend at the behest of the player itself . "  He said he wanted to stay for life . We were honoring that request from Wayne to stay at the club , at the club he loved . He said the best thing he 'd ever done was to sign for Manchester United . "  So David was prepared , with the discussions with our owners , to offer Wayne the best contract that anyone could have in the country . " Meanwhile , Rooney has been ruled out of Wednesday 's home Champions League clash with Turkish club Bursaspor after suffering another ankle injury in training . He was stretchered off the pitch in the morning session , meaning he joins veteran Ryan Giggs , defender Jonny Evans and striker Michael Owen on the sidelines . United 's website said the extent of Rooney 's injury was not yet known .	Alex Ferguson reveals that Wayne Rooney said in August he would not sign a new deal Man Utd manager speaks out as rumors spread about apparent rift with Rooney He insists he has never fallen out with England striker and is disappointed by situation Ferguson says United were willing to offer Rooney the best contract in Premier League
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In an attempt to re-create the experience of a manned mission to Mars , an international team of researchers will lock themselves up in a windowless capsule for about a year and a half -- time required for a round trip to the Red Planet . Starting Thursday , an all-male "  crew " of six -- three Russians , a Frenchman , an Italian-Colombian and a Chinese -- will spend 520 days in the cramped and claustrophobic conditions of a special facility in Moscow and will follow a strict regimen of exercise and diet . Organizers at the European Space Agency and Russia 's Institute of Biomedical Problems hope the project will shed light on the physical and psychological effects of the long isolation that future Mars astronauts will experience . "  This study is not useful only for Mars , but also for life on Earth , " 27-year-old Diego Urbina , the Italian-Colombian participant , said in a news release . The researchers will communicate with mission control via the internet , with occasional disruptions and a 20-minute delay to imitate the effects of space travel . They will perform tasks similar to astronauts at the international space station , such as maintenance and scientific experiments , but for a longer period of time . They will follow a seven-day week with two days off , except when special and emergency situations are simulated . The latest isolation test is the last and longest part of the Mars500 experiment that began in 2007 . The first phase was a 14-day simulation that mainly tested the facilities and operational procedures . The second phase followed in 2009 , when four Russian and two European crew members were shut into the facility for 105 days . Missions to the Red Planet have thus far been unmanned . In January , NASA told CNN Radio that the agency was close to a deal to merge its Mars program with the European Space Agency 's , a big step toward manned missions . In the meantime , NASA is preparing for the launch of its newest robotic space exploration vehicle , the Mars Science Laboratory , late next year . It weighs roughly one metric ton and is about the size of a small automobile .	Mars500 team to be locked up in a windowless capsule for about a year and a half Six men to be in cramped , claustrophobic conditions in a special facility in Moscow They 'll talk to mission control via internet , do tasks similar to space station astronauts Organizers hope project will shed light on psychological , physical effects of Mars mission
Many climbers dream of reaching the peak of the world 's highest mountain at least once in their lifetime . Chhurim Sherpa has done it twice -- in one week . Guinness World Records formally recognized the 29-year-old 's achievement last week , though it 's been almost one year since she completed her historic double climb . "  People have set different kinds of climbing records in Everest , " said Chhurim , sitting on her living room couch directly beneath a string of certificates hung on the wall -- the Guinness plaque included . "  But no one has climbed twice within a week . So I just climbed with the sole motive of making a world record . " Chhurim made her initial ascent on May 12 and then , after a two-day rest on her return to base camp , reached the peak again on May 19 , 2012 . Since Tenzing Norgay Sherpa and Sir Edmund Hillary broke barriers by stepping afoot the 8,848-meter peak in 1953 , many benchmarks have been set . But for Chhurim , it was Pasang Lhamu Sherpa -- the first Nepalese woman to climb Everest  she died during her descent  -- who inspired the then fifth grader to sketch a future plan that most girls the same age could n't conceive of . Growing up in Taplejung district in north-eastern Nepal , Chhurim 's early romance with mountaineering blossomed when she saw tourists trekking through her village . She wanted to do the same . "  I wanted to carry a backpack and climb the peak -LSB- Mt. Kanchanjunga -RSB- I saw from my village , " she said . But her eyes were set on Everest . She expected herself to achieve the extraordinary . When she came to Kathmandu to visit her sister in 2010 , Chhurim enrolled in a basic mountaineering training course run by the Nepal Mountaineering Association . She said it helped her get the "  psychological , physical , and technical training " required to prepare for her the mission . For the next two years , Chhurim honed her skills in rock climbing and first aid and climbed the Yala Peak  5,520 m  -- also considered a trekking peak -- in Nepal 's Langtang region . Concerned about the risks and dangers , Chhurim 's parents , however , were wary of her planned Everest ascent . "  She was determined , " said Dandu Sherpa , her proud father . "  She was on a quest to do something extraordinary -- it was difficult for us to stop her . " While parents and family members kept track of Chhurim throughout her journey , the climber said she detached herself from any emotions . "  The only thing on my mind was to successfully set the record , " Chhurim said . She looked across the couch to her parents , and laughed , "  I did n't really think of anyone during the climb , not even myself . " On May 12 , when she reached 8,848 m for the first time with a group of four other climbers , she stood amazed above the "  layer of tiny mountain peaks blanketed by circular cloud patterns . " During the 15 minutes she spent on top of the world , Chhurim said she took a moment to thank God , her parents , and then reminded herself that she had to do it all again . After returning to base camp two days later and resting for another two days , Chhurim made the ascent again on May 17 . But this time , she only had Tshering Dhendup , her aid , for company . It was 33-year-old Dhendup 's third trip to Everest . He recalled the two-day climb with Chhurim as a "  memorable experience . " "  She 's fit and firm , " he said , adding that he takes pride in being a part of Chhurim 's record-setting expedition . But for Chhurim , "  Everest was exhausting . " En route to the world 's highest peak , she also traversed the Khumbu Icefall at 5,486 m as well as the steepest climb after Camp 3  7,470 m  , all while carrying 15 kilograms of her expedition gear that she said seemed to weigh more like 50 . "  But I did it -- I reached the summit on May 19 , stood there for a little longer this time , about 25 minutes , and then headed to base camp in a day and a half , " Chhurim said , describing the journey with such ease as if it were a trek for amateurs . To date , the total number of people who have successfully climbed Everest from the Nepalese side , according to the Expedition Department at the Ministry of Tourism , stands at 3,842 . Of them only 219 are women , out of whom a mere 21 are Nepalese . "  I really want other Nepalese women to get involved in mountaineering , " Chhurim said . "  We should have a can-do attitude so that we can move forward and not be left behind simply because we 're women . " Though soft-spoken and shy , Chhurim was assertive when she talked about the involvement of women in the country 's tourism sector . To her , it 's also of utmost importance for women to become educated . Though successful in her own right , Chhurim still laments not being able to continue school after eighth grade . There was no high school in her village and her family did not have the money to move to Kathmandu , or the closest town with a school . "  But it is n't too late , " Chhurim said . Currently , she is studying English at a local language institute in Kathmandu . She believes that the "  international language " will further empower women to move forward in the tourism sector . It certainly is helping her to work as a tour guide , she added . With only two peaks -- Mera Peak  6,476 m  and Island Peak  6,189 m  -- to her credit before Everest , she 's since gone on to conquer Mt. Ama Dablam  6,812 m  and Kun peak  7,135 m  in India . But she 's not finished with Everest . Chhurim wants to climb the summit again from the Chinese side , as well as ascend Mt. Kanchanjunga , and also the highest peak on every continent . Her father said he "  could n't be happier or more proud " to see one of his eight children achieve something no one else has . For Chhurim , it 's the world record that matters -- it 's a testament of her determination to succeed in her mission . As she held her framed world record certificate to pose for a photograph , Chhurim said , "  I have created a name for myself and I have raised my country 's profile . If you 're really determined , you can definitely take yourself to new heights , and that 's what I 've done . "	Chhurim Sherpa is the only person to have climbed Everest twice in one week Feat was recognized by Guinness Book of Records last week Sherpa made the double climb last May after years of preparation She says : "  If you 're really determined , you can definitely take yourself to new heights "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai ordered the arrest Monday of the Taliban who participated in the public execution of a woman accused of adultery . Shock and outrage have mounted since an amateur video surfaced of a burqa-clad woman sitting on the ground while a man standing a few feet away shoots her nine times before a cheering mob . The execution raises questions about what the 2014 withdrawal of NATO troops from Afghanistan will mean for women , who regained basic rights of education and voting after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . Karzai condemned the killing and ordered security officials to arrest and punish those involved , according to a statement released by the president 's press office . Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women Officials in Afghanistan , where the amateur video was taken , believe the woman was executed because two Taliban commanders had a dispute over her , according to the governor of the province where the killing took place . Both apparently had some kind of relationship with the woman , Parwan province Gov. Abdul Basir Salangi said . To save face , they accused her of adultery , Salangi told CNN on Sunday . Then they "  faked a court to decide about the fate of this woman and in one hour , they executed the woman , " he added . Both Taliban commanders were subsequently killed by a third Taliban commander , Salangi said . Karzai called on officials to track down everyone involved , including those in the video . "  We went there to investigate , and we are still looking for people who were involved in this brutal act , " he said Sunday . U.S. Marine Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO-led forces in Afghanistan , said he was encouraged by reports that provincial police were "  investigating the circumstances surrounding this atrocity . " He also offered the assistance of NATO troops to track down those responsible for the killing , according to a statement released by the U.S.-lead International Security Assistance Force . 6 American troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack The killing took place in the village of Qimchok in Shinwari district , just north of the capital of Kabul . Karzai described those involved in the shooting death as "  cowards , " saying "  such crimes are unforgivable both in Islam and under our country 's laws , " the statement from his press office said . The United States condemned the killing "  in the strongest possible terms , " calling it a "  cold-blooded murder . " "  The protection of women 's rights is critical around the world , but especially in Afghanistan , where such rights were ignored , attacked and eroded under Taliban rule , " the American Embassy said in a statement Sunday . The public execution is the latest and among the most shocking examples of violence against women in Afghanistan , but it is far from an isolated case . Hundreds of students and teachers at girls ' schools in the country have been hospitalized with suspected poisoning this year alone . Girls were forbidden to go to school when the Taliban ruled the country from 1996 to 2001 . Nearly nine out of 10 women suffer physical , sexual or psychological violence or forced marriage at least once in their lifetimes , Human Rights Watch said in its 2012 annual report . UN chief warns against holding Afghan aid hostage with reform demands Roadside bombs kill dozens in Afghanistan U.S. designates Afghanistan a major ally , creates defense ties CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Chelsea J. Carter and Sara Sidner , and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	Afghan President Hamid Karzai orders arrests of those involved Police are investigating the killing , the provincial governor says Commander of NATO troops offers assistance in the hunt for those involved
CNN  -- A member of Somalia 's newly formed parliament was gunned down Saturday in front of his house , later succumbing to his injuries at a nearby hospital , according to government and U.N. reports . Unidentified armed men shot Mustafa Haji Maalim in Mogadishu , and he later died at a hospital , the U.N. special representative for Somalia said in statement condemning his killing . The attack comes amid a wave of violence in the east African nation in recent weeks that has left dozens dead . It has also been a time of significant transition , with Somalia adopting a provisional constitution , selecting members of parliament , appointing that legislative body 's speaker and naming a new president . "  These cowardly acts of targeted assassinations and indiscriminate bombings can not deter the remarkable courage of the Somali people , whose tenacity and determination has overcome formidable obstacles and brought us to where we are now , " said Augustine P. Mahiga , the special U.N. representative . Maalim was the father-in-law of former Somali President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , according to the United Nations . Ahmed was in power from 2009 until he was recently succeeded by Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , a political newcomer who has worked for the United Nations and several international organizations . The Somalian government reported on its website that Maalim had been shot dead . Various witnesses told private Somali news outlets , including Shabelle Media Network and Garowe News , that at least two masked men shot Maalim in the southern district of Waberi in the Somali capital . The gunmen escaped before security forces arrived at the scene , according to the witnesses . Somalia 's shaky transitional government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , has been battling Islamic guerrillas for years . The country has lacked an effective central government since 1991 , with portions of the Horn of Africa nation left lawless . Just after sunset on Thursday , a suicide bombing in Mogadishu killed several people , the National Union of Somali Journalists said . The dead included two anchors for state-run Radio Mogadishu and the head of another official radio station , the Voice of Democracy , the two stations reported .	Parliamentarian Mustafa Haji Maalim dies after being shot , the government says He was the father-in-law of a man who , until recently , was Somalia 's president Witnesses tell media that masked men shot Maalim , then fled before security forces arrived
CNN  -- The first of twin research spacecraft entered the moon 's orbit Saturday , part of an effort to learn more about how it and other terrestrial bodies formed , NASA said . The GRAIL-A -- which launched from Florida 's Cape Canaveral on September 10 , along with its sister spacecraft GRAIL-B -- began a "  lunar orbit insertion burn " at about 4:30 p.m. ET , NASA said on an associated Twitter feed . That burn was set to finish around 5 p.m. . The second in the pair , GRAIL-B , will follow suit Sunday . "  Burn complete ! #GRAIL - A is now orbiting the moon and awaiting the arrival of its twin #GRAIL - B on New Year 's Day , " NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory announced on Twitter . The two orbiters , each 31/2 feet high and 21/2 feet deep , are named for NASA 's Gravity Recovery And Interior Laboratory . They will fly in tandem orbits , measuring the gravity field and ideally answering "  longstanding questions about the moon and  giving  scientists a better understanding of how Earth and other rocky planets in the solar system formed , " according to NASA . The moon is about 250,000 miles from Earth , a distance that NASA 's Apollo crews reached in about three days . But the GRAIL spacecrafts took much longer , namely 3 1/2 months , because they covered more than 2.5 million miles "  reshaping and merging their orbits " so that they could be better positioned and coordinated to study the moon , NASA said . The orbiters , whose mission was timed to miss lunar eclipses in December and June , are expected to collect data for 82 days . Maria Zuber , principal investigator for GRAIL , said the moon remains mysterious in many ways and little is known about the process of how it was formed . Scientists theorize that the moon formed when a Mars-sized object crashed into Earth . It remains unknown why the near side of the moon is so different from the far side . The basins are flooded with volcanic material on one side , and the other side has mountainous highlands . Why did these sides evolve differently ? "  We think the answer is locked in the interior , " Zuber said at a NASA news briefing Wednesday . A study published in the journal Nature over the summer suggested that there may have been a second moon moving at about the same speed as our moon , and in the same orbit . The second moon bumped into the original moon , the theory goes , and caused the formation of a mountain instead of a crater . This model predicts the whole exterior of the moon was once molten and cooled from the outside in such a way that when the second moon hit our moon , it pushed all of that molten material to the near side . GRAIL can help test this hypothesis . The spacecraft are designed to help scientists explore the interior of the moon indirectly by measuring the pull of gravity as they fly over the surface . With data about these changes in gravity and topography , scientists will be able to construct a map of what 's inside our celestial neighbor . Scientists wanted the spacecraft to be as small as possible so they could launch in one rocket . But they were n't sure if the orbiters would make it through eclipses that happen at the moon every six months , since their technology depends on lithium-ion batteries and solar panels . A lunar eclipse occurred in early December , and the next one is in June . Based on the current performance , scientists think GRAIL can continue through the June eclipse . Should one of the orbiters completely fail , scientists could not get the high precision they would get from the two spacecraft ; the mission depends on having both , Zuber said . If the lunar orbit insertion does n't happen for one of the spacecraft , there would be another opportunity to try again in late April .	NEW : One of two NASA research spacecraft begins orbiting the moon NEW : GRAIL-A and GRAIL-B will collect data for 82 days The mission will help scientists determine what goes on beneath the moon 's surface
CNN  -- Nine of us booked a trip on the Carnival cruise ship Triumph to celebrate our recent college graduation . I started out in a room of four friends but we were re-located because our room had a leak . So we were separated and my friend and I headed to our newer , more comfortable room ... or so we thought . Around 5:30 Sunday morning , after a fun day in Mexico , we woke up to a PA announcement calling for crew help . As soon as I heard the captain come on , I looked at my friend and said , "  Adriana , if the captain is coming on sounding shaken , we better start to worry . " We put on our robes and rushed out , only to smell a bitter , burning odor at the end of the hall . Keep in mind this was on deck 6 , so you can imagine how much worse it was on the lower decks that were closest to the engine room . People were throwing on life jackets and frantically rushing to find crew , friends and loved ones . By now , we had no cell service , only each other . People on the first and second decks had opened their doors to find their hallways filled with smoke . They told us of crew members running through the halls to address the situation . Tears , big hugs as passengers reunite with families Within an hour , my friends found each other in the halls and ran to the top deck , where we could see black smoke billowing from the smokestack . It was only 45 minutes to an hour after the first PA announcement that we were informed of a fire . Six to eight hours later , we learned how bad the fire actually was when we heard that the crew could still not open up the engine room to inspect the damage . Not much information was provided and we were left to put the pieces together . At this point , the majority of the passengers had been forced out of their rooms due to smoke , sewage or lack of light . Many began camping out in any open-air section of the ship . They used whatever resources were available for bedding , shade and warmth . Sheets , blankets and pillows were seen all throughout the outside areas of the ship . Many families set up their new homes on any available spaces inside the ship , in hallways or on the floors of the dining rooms and lobbies . The passengers referred to these places as "  Tent City . " Luckily for me and the friends I traveled with , we were able to camp out with other friends who had a suite with a balcony . Never have I felt so blessed . By evening on the day the fire began , we were assured that Progreso , Mexico , would be our port of arrival and that we would be there no later than Tuesday . Of course , our hopes were extremely high . I could sense people were beginning to calm down as they anticipated Tuesday . Little did we know that soon that hope would be gone . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? A couple of days after the fire , as we were getting fresh air , near evening , we were startled again . We were greeted by the sight of a second cruise ship that dropped off supplies and amazingly we were able to pick up a cell phone signal from the other ship . Finally most of us were able to make our first call , only to find out that people off the ship knew more details of the events than any of us on it . Still we were informed that our arrival in Progreso was on track . Then the electricity went out . People were beginning to panic , but after half an hour , the power came back on . We were told via the PA system that due to better access to flights home , we were now heading to Mobile , Alabama , and would get there by the earliest on Thursday morning . Yet again our spirits were shattered . Finally my frustrations emerged , and I lost it . The next day began the worst part of the trip . Anywhere you went on the ship , the rancid stench from sewage was evident . At this point , in order to breathe , our only option was to keep moving to an open space where we could take a deep breath of fresh air . Passengers were becoming anxious , aggravated , irritable and angry . Lines for food and beverages were getting longer and longer . This made people even more panicked and many began to hoard food on their plates , with nearly half of it not being consumed . Why did rescue take five days ? Food and water were going quicker than ever and nerves were running high . By this time , seven out of the nine friends in our group had reached their breaking points emotionally , along with many other passengers . The two tug boats sent to tow the ship began having problems . Their tow lines were breaking , which caused more delay and lower morale . The mood changed on Thursday when three cruise ships stopped to provide food and provisions . The Coast Guard stayed close as well and dropped off provisions . Two tug boats assisted us . If it was n't for the crew on board , all of us would be severely injured , starved or crazy . Crew members always had a smile on their face and a concern in their voice . Honestly , these people deserve more than compensation . They deserve a huge thank you for their enduring support , service and compassion . This was supposed to be a celebration trip , and I can confidently say there has not been much of a celebration on this ship . Opinion : How Carnival can clean up the PR mess But people have been so supportive of each other . The camaraderie and compassion between the passengers and crew members has been outstanding . Strangers lent cell phones , moms held other moms ' babies so they could have a break , passengers gave a hand to the elderly to ensure they got up and down the stairs safely and guys were ready and willing to lift wheelchairs of sick children up and down the stairs , as my friend Nick Burge did . It was the last day on the Carnival Triumph and finally we were offered treats such as hot chocolate and imitation bacon . Of course , the lines were hours long so my friends and I opted not to wait . Instead we packed , charged our phones and cried as I sat down to write this . I could write on and on about what I have seen , heard and felt , but by Day Five , I honestly have nothing left . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Parisa Safarzadeh .	Parisa Safarzadeh and 8 friends took cruise to celebrate college graduation A fire on the ship led to smoky conditions , loss of electricity , sewage odors She says the passengers received little information about the fire Safarzadeh : Crew and passengers were outstanding , showed compassion and concern
CNN  -- Mississippi may be the fattest state in the country . And it may be among the least educated and have provided the backdrop to some of the country 's most heinous displays of racism . And you can dismiss its lawmakers as just a bunch of dumb , backwoods hicks if you think that makes for good humor in other parts of the country . But then consider this : It 's possible its legislature has cannily unlocked a way to make abortion illegal without having to overturn Roe v. Wade . The state has instituted a series of unreasonable regulations for doctors who perform abortions . Using a practice very similar to the kind of bottlenecking that was done to suppress black votes during the Jim Crow era , Mississippi has systematically squeezed the number of abortion clinics in the state down to just one . And if a federal court ultimately finds its new regulations constitutional , that one will be gone too .  Wednesday , a federal judge extended his temporary order to let the clinic stay open  . In other words , Mississippi , the dumb little state that supposedly could n't , will effectively become the leader in what some call a regressive movement -- though a recent Gallup poll suggests it 's not as out-of-touch as they may think . Fifty percent of Americans identify as pro-life and from 1995 to 2010 , some 600 abortion-related laws have passed on the state level . And it would seem the anti-abortion movement is picking up steam . Within the first six months of 2011 , 162 new anti-abortion provisions were implemented around the country . For those keeping score , that also coincides with the rise of the tea party movement . Coincidence ? Maybe . But when one looks at that astounding spike in the numbers running in tandem with the tea party-led attack on Planned Parenthood that strangled the debt ceiling debate , the likelihood that it 's all just one big coin-ki-dink is a tough sell . And keep in mind that Mississippi , arguably the most conservative state in the country , is not some outlier . A fifth of the nation wants all abortions to be illegal . Only 41 % view themselves as pro-choice , while 52 % believe abortion should only be legal under certain circumstances , such as rape . America continues to struggle with this issue ; it 's small wonder that Mississippi is able to exploit this . My own view lies somewhere in the middle : I 'm against abortion ... so I refuse to have one . Seeing how I 've never had an unwanted or life-threatening pregnancy , I do n't feel equipped to tell complete strangers in those circumstances what they should do with their bodies . I 'd argue that this view is no more absurd than watching four GOP presidential candidates debate the topic of abortion last winter with not one of them using the word "  woman " in any form . It is also absurd that a female , Democratic lawmaker in Michigan was barred from speaking in the Republican controlled House because that body felt using the word "  vagina " in a debate about abortion violated decorum . What 's also absurd ? That liberals continue to think they can change the national dialogue about this topic and other controversial issues simply by making fun of stereotypical people from the South . Earlier this year , Nancy Pelosi 's filmmaker daughter , Alexandra , conducted a round of interviews there for HBO 's "  Real Time . " Some of the comments she came back with , such as that Barack Obama was a "  half-breed , " were indeed ignorant and did not surprise me at all . But dismissing Mississippi in this abortion debate misses the magnitude of the decision that could end up prevailing . This is n't just about the 20th state in the Union . If the judge eventually lifts the injunction to the law , it may present the blueprint that conservative lawmakers use in the other 49 in an effort to outlaw all abortions . For decades , liberals and conservatives have been fighting to find the answer to this great riddle : Whose rights should take precedence -- the mother 's or that of the unborn child she is carrying ? What Mississippi lawmakers have done is said to hell with the answer , and instead opted to eliminate the riddle all together . You can call it a war on women , you can call it misogyny run amok , you can call it covert theocracy ; it does n't really matter . The end result is this : Reproductive health is about to get a face-lift , whether it wants one or not . Because even if the Mississippi law is ruled unconstitutional  in 1992 the Supreme Court said no state shall impose laws that places undue burden on women seeking an abortion  , that wo n't stop copycats in other parts of the country from massaging what the state did in hopes of creating a law that will hold up in the books . Not bad for a state that 's routinely made into a punch line . If the court rules in its favor , I guess we 'll know who has the last laugh . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Mississippi ca n't be dismissed in its efforts to restrict abortions Why ? Because its new regulations on abortion doctors could force last clinic from state LZ : This is a canny way to make abortion illegal ; if upheld , other states may try approach LZ : Liberals may mock the state , but it may have found a way around Roe v. Wade
