Paraguay 's President on Saturday named a new interior minister and national police chief following clashes between police and peasants that left at least 17 dead . Former Interior Minister Carlos Filizzola and former police chief Paulino Rojas offered resignation letters after the incident , and President Fernando Lugo accepted them Friday . Peasants in eastern Paraguay opened fire Friday on police trying to evict them from private property , initiating the deadly confrontation , local authorities and state-run media said . The president named Ruben Candida Amarilla as the new interior minister , and Arnaldo Sanabria Moran as interim police commander . The violence occurred in Curuguaty , a remote community about 240 kilometers  150 miles  northeast of the Paraguayan capital of Asuncion near the Brazilian border . About 300 law enforcement officers arrived Friday morning to serve the order when some of the approximately 100 farmers who had been occupying the land illegally for more than a month began shooting at them , authorities said . Curuguaty Hospital director Gustavo Gonzalez told the state-run Paraguay Agency of Public Information that seven policemen and more than 10 farmers were killed . Paraguay 's president , once a priest , admits to fathering love child About 80 more police and civilians were wounded and were receiving medical treatment , Gonzalez added . Three of the police officers were flown to Asuncion for treatment , the official news agency said . Authorities did not detail the number of civilians killed , but they did confirm the deaths of seven police , including the chief and deputy chief of the national police 's special operations unit . Police said the peasants had been camping on land owned by Blas Riquelme , a businessman and politician active in the South American nation 's Colorado Party . But Jose Rodriguez , the leader of the "  tent people " -- so named because they live in tents , told Radio Nacional that the peasants were on public lands that Riquelme had acquired illegally . Rodriguez lamented the loss of life , but said the peasant leaders did not order the attack on police . He added that the institutions of government do n't work and there is a need for agrarian reform . After the incident , Lugo sent soldiers to the zone . "  All the resources of government security and strategic air are working at this moment to restore calm and tranquility to this region of the country , " he said . "  I have ordered the armed forces to develop their specific mission in support of the police operation . " In a special session , the House of Representatives observed a minute of silence in honor of the dead , the Agency of Public Information reported . Prosecutors : Inmates filmed child pornography in Paraguay prison	President replaces interior minister , police chief Authorities try to evict peasants camping in east Paraguay Peasants open fire , leading to 10 civilian and 7 police deaths , a hospital official says The chief of the national police 's special operations unit is among those killed , police say
Atlanta  CNN  -- One of the world 's largest concrete pumps is being readied to get on a massive cargo plane and head to Japan , all part of the effort to address the crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . The 190,000-pound truck pump was moved off a job on the Savannah River on Wednesday and , two days later , was in Hanahan , South Carolina . Once preparations are complete , it will head about 7,000 miles toward Asia aboard a Russian Antonov 225 cargo plane , which is considered among the world 's biggest aircrafts . The U.S. Department of Energy had been using the big pumper at a mixed oxide fuel plant construction site in southeastern Georgia . Eventually , nuclear waste is to be disposed of here . But the decision was made to transfer it to Japan -- along with several other such large pumps , from around the world -- in order to deal with a disaster that has been brewing since a March 11 earthquake and tsunami wreaked havoc at the plant and stoked fears about massive releases of radiation . "  I use the pump every day at the river site , but they 're trying to avert a situation that worsens each day , " said Jerry Ashmore , the owner of Ashmore Concrete Contractors that supplies concrete for the Savannah River facility . "  They need all this equipment . They need help . " Company officials say the prep work should be done by this weekend . Then , Georgia 's transportation department must sign off on necessary highway and bridge permits , which are required due to the pumper truck 's immensity . Eventually , it will be driven south to Atlanta , to be ideally flown out of the country by next Friday . Ashmore did n't have all the details about how the concrete pump will be used once it gets to Japan , though he understood its first mission will be to pump water into the stricken facility 's reactors and spent nuclear fuel pools to prevent overheating and the further emission of radioactive material . "  I understand it will be used to pump water into the reactor and later they can use it for concrete operations that need to be done , " said Ashmore . The big pump , one of a handful of such trucks built by the the German company Putzmeister , appears to be tailor-made for this type of project -- especially in a radioactive environment . Its 70-meter boom can be controlled remotely , which should allow it to disperse cooling water in pinpointed locations over a large distance , say experts . Typically trucks this massive are used in large projects using concrete , such as the construction of bridges or high-rise buildings . According to Putzmeister 's website , the company has already re-directed a truck-mounted concrete pump from an unknown location in Southeast Asia to head to the Fukushima Daiichi site , which is 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Another smaller Putzmeister pumper , currently in Los Angeles , is also being readied to fly to Japan . This is not the first time the German company 's large concrete pumps have been utilized to help address a nuclear crisis . In 1986 , 11 Putzmeister concrete pumps were used after the Chernobyl accident in Ukraine , then a part of the Soviet Union . The reactors ' core were encased in massive amounts of concrete , to prevent the further release of any more radiation .	A 190,000-pound truck pump is now in South Carolina , being prepped to fly out of Atlanta It had been at a mixed oxide fuel plant site in southeast Georgia A contractor says the truck 's first priority will be to supply water to keep nuclear fuel cool Similar pumps were used in Chernobyl , which was eventually encased in concrete
CNN  -- In front of the camera , Wayne Brady has won awards for making people laugh . But behind the camera , the comedic talent has been struggling with depression . It was a battle that he kept to himself until an interview Monday with "  Entertainment Tonight , " when he said that Robin Williams ' recent death made him realize how important it was to speak publicly about facing depression . Williams , who had been dealing with severe depression , was found dead of an apparent suicide in August at the age of 63 . "  I think that when you keep these secrets , and something that you learn as you read more and go into treatments and get help is , that these secrets kill , " Brady told "  ET " Monday . "  Nobody wants to out themselves , so to speak . Or if they out themselves , it 's in a very Hollywood way . ... If someone says , ` I 'm clinically depressed , ' that sounds like someone 's making something up . " And when you have a job like Brady 's , some assume that you would n't be prone to depression to begin with . "  I just did my 1,001 st show of ` Let 's Make A Deal . ' But then I would turn it into this thing of , ` man , I 'm doing "  Let 's Make A Deal " when I could be doing this sitcom , ' " Brady said . "  Folks think , ` Wayne Brady 's always happy . ' No , I 'm not always happy , because I 'm human . " Depression was a factor when Brady 's marriage ended in 2006 , but it was n't until his 42nd birthday in June that Brady knew he needed to seek help . "  I was there by myself , in my bedroom , and had a complete breakdown , " Brady said . "  When I say breakdown , go ahead and imagine for yourself . Just a brother in his underwear , in his room crying . On that birthday was the beginning of ` OK , I 've got to make a change . ' " Now , Brady says he hopes that his admission will help someone else . "  I talked about it  because  I know not everyone is lucky enough to have a support system to talk , and and you may have a wall up that stands between you and help , " Brady said . "  It may be pride , cultural stigma , shame or just plain old ` I 've got this ! ' I 've had all the above ! If me talking about my personal journey helps someone , it 's all worth it . I 'm very blessed to have a great job and family . I can now appreciate all of it much more . I love being able to bring those laughs to other  people  daily and laughing for real myself . " .	TV personality Wayne Brady opened up on his battle with depression Robin Williams ' death inspired him to come forward He hopes that sharing his journey will help someone else
Dallas  CNN  -- Federal , state and local authorities investigating the deaths of two Texas prosecutors executed a search warrant Friday afternoon at the home of a former Kaufman County justice of the peace , an FBI spokeswoman said . Katherine Chaumont told CNN that an FBI team was part of the Friday afternoon search at the home of Eric Williams . Williams last year was convicted of burglary and theft by a public servant , and was sentenced to two years ' probation . Mark Hasse , chief felony prosecutor in the county , was gunned down January 31 outside the courthouse . Hasse prosecuted the Williams case . Hours after Kaufman County District Attornney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were found dead March 30 at their Forney home , investigators met at a local Denny 's restaurant with Williams , his attorney told CNN earlier this month . Investigators took swab samples from Williams ' hand to test him for gun residue , Williams ' attorney , David Sergi , said . Results were not made public by authorities but Sergi said the tests were negative . On Friday , Sergi released a statement saying that Williams "  has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations . He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice . " Earlier this month , Williams told North Texas TV station KXAS he understood why authorities would want to meet with him after the McLellands ' death . "  If I was in their shoes , I would want to talk to me , " Williams said . "  In the investigators ' minds , they want to check with me to do their process of elimination . " Williams said he has cooperated with law enforcement . "  I certainly wish them the best in bringing justice to this incredibly egregious act , " he said . Williams told the station he has no ill will toward prosecutors , saying they were "  doing their jobs . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Authorities search home of former justice of the peace Eric Williams last year was convicted of burglary , theft by a public servant Slain assistant DA Hasse prosecuted that case
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Elizabeth Taylor went to the Hollywood Bowl to hear Andrea Bocelli in concert , the first night out in months for the big-screen legend . Elizabeth Taylor went to see Andrea Bocelli at the Hollywood Bowl , a rare outing for the film legend . Taylor , bound to a wheelchair by scoliosis , said her mind and soul "  were transported by his beauty , his voice , his inner being . " The 77-year-old actress posted online messages through the Twitter social network after the Italian tenor 's concert Monday night . "  I went to see Andrea Bocelli last night . The first time I 've been out in months . The Hollywood Bowl allowed me to use my wheelchair , " Taylor 's first tweet said . "  My mind , my soul were transported by his beauty , his voice , his inner being . God has kissed this man and I thank God for it , " she wrote in a second message . Taylor opened her Twitter account this year as "  DameElizabeth " at the suggestion of her close friend , model-actress-author-businesswoman Kathy Ireland , her publicist Dick Guttman said . Taylor is "  very adventurous " and "  exceedingly active " despite health problems that sent her to a hospital for a week last month , Guttman said . She is working on a new perfume to follow up on her popular White Diamonds , he said .	Elizabeth Taylor attended Andrea Bocelli concert at Hollywood Bowl "  The first time I 've been out in months , " Taylor wrote on Twitter Taylor was in hospital last month but still "  exceedingly active , " says spokesman
CNN  -- For a while , it happened only every few years or so . Now , there rarely is a month , week or day that passes without a big-time program in college football sprinting deep into scandal while daring the National Collegiate Athletic Association  NCAA  to tackle it . The University of Miami is just the latest team on the verge of drawing penalty flags from NCAA officials for unnecessary silliness . In fact , the Hurricanes could draw the ultimate penalty in college football , called the death penalty . The NCAA only considers giving such a penalty to a university facing a second major violation within five years or dealing with a particularly outrageous situation . SI : Why NCAA would n't give Miami the death penalty That was the case for Southern Methodist University , whose football program was banned for two seasons during the 1980s . No other program ever has received the death penalty , but there is rampant speculation that Miami could be the second . The Hurricanes reportedly had dozens of past and former players spend a stretch from 2002 to 2010 receiving illegal gifts and other things from Nevin Shapiro , a convicted Ponzi schemer and Miami booster . Yahoo Sports broke the story after 100 hours of jailhouse interviews with Shapiro , who pleaded guilty to robbing investors of around $ 83 million in his Ponzi scheme of $ 930 million . Yahoo Sports also reported that several Miami coaches and administrators tried to cover up the matter . Among other revelations , Shapiro told the website that he spent "  millions " on Miami players , ranging from sex parties on his yacht to expensive jewelry to an abortion for a woman impregnated by a Hurricane player . The Miami situation is so egregious that NCAA president Mark Emmert issued the following statement : "  If the assertions are true , the conduct at the University of Miami is an illustration of the need for serious and fundamental change in many critical aspects of college sports . " If this sounds familiar , it should . Along the Hurricanes ' way to five national championships from 1983 through 2001 , they flaunted their bad-boy image while ducking in and out of the NCAA slammer for rules violations . The Miami program crumbled after that . SI : The NCAA system is broken ; here 's how to fix it Then , to hear these reports tell it , the Hurricanes tried to revive their glory days through shortcuts . They are n't alone with those shortcuts . Ohio State . Southern Cal . Auburn . North Carolina . Oregon . Tennessee . LSU . Those are just some of the other big-time college football programs in the news for stuff other than blocking and tackling . They 've been mentioned more regarding cheating and scheming . Just take it from Kirk Herbstreit , the award-winning college football analyst for ESPN , who told CNN.com , "  I honestly do n't think the sport has ever had as tumultuous of an off-season as we had during this year . I do mean , EVER , and I 'm referring to the entire history of the sport . " Through it all , with NCAA enforcement people looking more powerless than Barney Fife from those old Andy Griffith sitcoms , there have been sordid tales involving automobiles , houses and even prostitutes . There have been recruiting violations -- gigantic ones -- of all shapes , sizes and situations . There have been cover-ups and alleged cover-ups , ranging from coaching staffs to the highest levels of universities . Mostly , there has been no reason to believe things will improve in big-time college football before the end of the millennium . "  I just think the leadership groups -- including coaches , people who care about the sport at the end of the day -- have got to come up with some ideas and brainstorming ways on how to police this , " said Herbstreit , a former quarterback at Ohio State , where its last quarterback , Terrelle Pryor , was among those who helped place the school under its current NCAA investigation for a slew of things . Jim Tressel was forced to resign as head coach despite leading Ohio State to six Big Ten titles , a national championship and eight victories out nine games against despised rival Michigan . The thing is , even though Ohio State volunteered to "  vacate " its 12 victories last season while submitting to a two-year probation -- in addition to whatever else the NCAA may impose this fall -- the Buckeyes remain a powerhouse in the Big Ten . They also continue to rank among the top recruiters in college football . They have little to no incentive not to thumb their noses again at the NCAA cops . Added Herbstreit , "  That 's why we have to figure out how to try to get college football back to people in charge who generally care about the health of the game and not just about churning kids out to get them ready for the NFL . That 's not what college football is all about . " As for reality , when it comes to the big boys , college football really is about teams acquiring as many NFL-caliber players as possible to help them with the bottom line -- winning . Winning big by any means necessary . Which raises a question : For the sake of that bottom line , are more than a few college football programs  and their conferences , for that matter  deciding to suffer the consequences of cheating on purpose these days ? After all , winning means money , and the money associated with teams and conferences winning consistently in the NCAA 's so-called Football Bowl Subdivision  formerly known as Division 1-A  is huge . The SEC is in the midst of a $ 2.2 billion contract with ESPN . During the last two seasons of the Big Ten Network , each conference school received slightly more than $ 6 million . The University of Texas is joining Notre Dame with its own television network , and the payouts for both contracts could slice chunks from the national debt . If you combine those TV examples with the NCAA setting another record for football attendance last year , the money/incentive for the big boys to continue as bad boys regarding NCAA rules is outrageous . According to the SportsBusiness Journal , the Bowl Championship Series  BCS  distributed more than $ 174 million earlier this year to teams that played in its five bowls . The Journal also said the payout was a 22 percent increase over last year 's total , and consider this : The conferences receiving the most money -- $ 27.2 million each , for having two teams apiece in BCS games -- were the Big Ten , Pac-10 and Southeastern Conference  SEC  . SI : This is more than a Miami problem Some of the biggest scandals of the last few months have involved teams from those conferences . There is Auburn , for instance , and the Tigers are the latest in a string of five consecutive teams from the SEC to win the national championship . They did so with Heisman-winning quarterback Cam Newton spending his one year at Auburn battling opponents and reports that his father sought as much as $ 180,000 from schools for rights to his son . The NCAA allowed Newton to continue to play , but they say the investigation is n't closed . So did Auburn know about Newton 's issues , ignore them and use his considerable talents for the sake of now instead of the future ? Only Auburn officials know , but this is for sure : Members of the Tiger Nation always can say their folks whipped Oregon on the field last season for its first national championship since 1957 . You know , that bottom line .	The University of Miami is being investigated over claims made by an ex-booster Nevin Shapiro told Yahoo Sports he spent millions on improper gifts for Miami players Miami joins a long list of college football programs who have faced similar allegations ESPN calls the college football off-season "  tumultuous "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A group of experts from around the world will Thursday hold a first of its kind conference on global catastrophic risks . Some experts say humans will merge with machines before the end of this century . They will discuss what should be done to prevent these risks from becoming realities that could lead to the end of human life on earth as we know it . Speakers at the four-day event at Oxford University in Britain will talk about topics including nuclear terrorism and what to do if a large asteroid were to be on a collision course with our planet . On the final day of the Global Catastrophic Risk Conference experts will focus on what could be the unintended consequences of new technologies , such as superintelligent machines that , if ill-conceived , might cause the demise of Homo sapiens . "  Any entity which is radically smarter than human beings would also be very powerful , " said Dr. Nick Bostrom , director of Oxford 's Future of Humanity Institute , host of the symposium . "  If we get something wrong , you could imagine the consequences would involve the extinction of the human species . " Bostrom is a philosopher and a leading thinker of transhumanism -- a movement that advocates not only the study of the potential threats and promises that future technologies could pose to human life but also the ways in which emergent technologies could be used to make the very act of living better . "  We want to preserve the best of what it is to be human and maybe even amplify that , " Bostrom told CNN . Transhumanists , according to Bostrom , anticipate a coming era where biotechnology , molecular nanotechnologies , artificial intelligence and other new types of cognitive tools will be used to amplify our intellectual capacity , improve our physical capabilities and even enhance our emotional well-being . The end result would be a new form of "  posthuman " life with beings that possess qualities and skills so exceedingly advanced they no longer can be classified simply as humans . "  We will begin to use science and technology not just to manage the world around us but to manage our own human biology as well , " Bostrom told CNN . "  The changes will be faster and more profound than the very , very slow changes that would occur over tens of thousands of years as a result of natural selection and biological evolution . " Bostrom declined to try to predict an exact time frame when this revolutionary biotechnological metamorphosis might occur . "  Maybe it will take eight years or 200 years , " he said . "  It is very hard to predict . " Other experts are already getting ready for what they say could be a radical transformation of the human race in as little as two decades . "  This will happen faster than people realize , " said Dr. Ray Kurzweil , an inventor and futurist who calculates technology trends using what he calls the law of accelerating returns , a mathematical concept that measures the exponential growth of technological evolution . In the 1980s Kurzweil predicted that a tiny handheld device would be invented sometime early in the 21st century allowing blind people to read documents from anywhere at anytime -- earlier this year such a device was publicly unveiled . He also anticipated the explosive growth of the Internet in the 1990s . Now Kurzweil is predicting the impending arrival of something called the Singularity , which he defines in his book on the subject as "  the culmination of the merger of our biological thinking and existence with our technology , resulting in a world that is still human but that transcends our biological roots . " "  There will be no distinction , post-Singularity , between human and machine or between physical and virtual reality , " he writes . Singularity will approach at an accelerating rate as human-created technologies become exponentially smaller and increasingly powerful and as fields such as biology and medicine are understood more and more in terms of information processes that can be simulated with computers . By the 2030s , Kurzweil tells CNN , humans will become more non-biological than biological , capable of uploading our minds onto the Internet , living in various virtual worlds and even avoiding aging and evading death . In the 2040s , Kurzweil predicts non-biological intelligence will be billions of times better than the biological intelligence humans have today , possibly rendering our present brains as obsolete . "  Our brains are a million times slower than electronics , " said Kurzweil . "  We will increasingly become software entities if you go out enough decades . " This movement towards the merger of man and machine , according to Kurzweil , is already starting to happen and is most visible in the field of biotechnology . As scientists gain deeper insights into the genetic processes that underlie life , they are able to effectively reprogram human biology through the development of new forms of gene therapies and medications capable of turning on or off enzymes and RNA interference , or gene silencing . "  Biology and health and medicine used to be hit or miss , " said Kurzweil . "  It was n't based on any coherent theory about how it works . " The emerging biotechnology revolution will lead to at least a thousand new drugs that could do anything from slow down the process of aging to reverse the onset of diseases , like heart disease and cancer , Kurzweil said . By 2020 , Kurzweil predicts a second revolution in the area of nanotechnology . According to his calculations , it is already showing signs of exponential growth as scientists begin test first generation nanobots that can cure Type 1 diabetes in rats or heal spinal cord injuries in mice . One scientist is developing something called a respirocyte -- a robotic red blood cell that , if injected into the bloodstream , would allow humans to do an Olympic sprint for 15 minutes without taking a breath or sit at the bottom of a swimming pool for hours at a time . Other researchers are developing nanoparticles that can locate tumors and one day possibly even eradicate them . And some Parkinson 's patients now have pea-sized computers implanted in their brains that replace neurons destroyed by the disease -- new software can be downloaded to the mini computers from outside the human body . "  Nanotechnology will not just be used to reprogram but to transcend biology and go beyond its limitations by merging with non-biological systems , " Kurzweil told CNN . "  If we rebuild biological systems with nanotechnology , we can go beyond its limits . " The final revolution leading to the advent of Singularity will be the creation of artificial intelligence , or superintelligence , which , according to Kurzweil , could be capable of solving many of our biggest threats , like environmental destruction , poverty and disease . "  A more intelligent process will inherently outcompete one that is less intelligent , making intelligence the most powerful force in the universe , " writes Kurzweil . Yet the invention of so many high-powered technologies and the possibility of merging these new technologies with humans may pose both peril and promise for the future of mankind . "  I think there are grave dangers , " said Kurzweil . "  Technology has always been a double-edged sword . " ... . Do you think technology will allow humans to transcend biology in the future ? Would you be comfortable with altering your biology ? Should humans try to reprogram their genetics ? What do you think the future looks like for mankind and machines ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	Nick Bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology Ray Kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 Biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machines
CNN  -- Fans of "  The Big Bang Theory " gathered at Comic-Con for a panel about what happens inside the writers ' room of the the mega-popular CBS series , and they got more than they bargained for when some special guests made surprise appearances . Melissa Rauch , who plays Bernadette Rostenkowski , moderated the panel . Johnny Galecki , who plays Leonard Hofstadter , arrived in full "  Star Wars " regalia , and the iconic physicist Stephen Hawking recorded a video message that featured him singing the show 's theme song . In the hour-long conversation , the actors , writers and producers teased details about the show 's upcoming seventh season , which premieres on September 26 . They confirmed Leonard will take the offer from Stephen Hawking that was presented in the sixth season 's finale . Kunal Nayyar 's character Raj Koothrappali will be figuring out how to speak to women without the influence of alcohol , and Bernadette and Amy  Mayim Bialik  may take their first trip away without Penny  Kaley Cuoco  . The real question , one that has been plaguing fans especially since last season , is whether Jim Parsons ' Sheldon Cooper and Amy will finally consummate their romantic relationship . "  I "  ll use Sheldon 's words and say ` It 's a possibility , ' " writer Steve Holland said . "  I think part of the charm of their relationship is this glacial pace , " creator/producer Bill Prady said . "  I think there 's such a sweetness to that . I think one of the virtues is how long it lasts . And it also means the show can last a lot longer . " Take a video tour of Comic-Con The writers also addressed whether the cast would ever find themselves at San Diego Comic-Con in an episode of "  The Big Bang Theory . " "  From the first time we came here we said ` Oh my God we have to figure out a way to film an episode at San Diego Comic-Con , ' " Prady said . "  But we do n't go into production until August so at the beginning of summer the cast goes off . Everybody 's in crazy places . And then the other problem is that we shoot on a stage , and we 're just not very good at filming out in the real world . So it remains a really good idea we have yet to find a solution to . " Comic-Con is certainly the right place for this particular group of writers , however , who do a lot of research on the various science and geek topics that are integral to the show . "  We 're all pretty comfortable with the geekery , " Holland said . "  Sometimes we have ideas from articles we 've read or we have a vague notion of , or sometimes we put in brackets ` Science to come . ' "	` Big Bang ' Comic-Con panel teased upcoming season Johnny Galecki surprised in ` Star Wars ' costume Sheldon and Amy may consummate their relationship
CNN  Serbian forces committed egregious violent acts against ethnic Croatians in the early 1990s , but they do n't equate to genocide , a U.N. court ruled Tuesday . The 153-page ruling from the International Court of Justice means that modern-day Serbia will not have to pay restitution to Croatia , which in 1991 split from what was then Yugoslavia . The decision relates only to the two national governments ' responsibility to one another , not the culpability of any individuals for targeting members of an ethnic group . Such individual cases are handled by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  , another U.N. court . "  Croatia has not established that the only reasonable inference that can be drawn from the  Serbians '  pattern of conduct ... was the intent to destroy , in whole or in part , the Croat group , " the International Court of Justice  or ICJ  ruled . " ... It follows ... Croatia has failed to substantiate its allegation that genocide was committed . " In addition to dismissing Croatia 's case that its citizens had been victims of genocide , the ICJ also rebuffed Serbia 's counterclaim that Croatian forces had committed genocide against its own citizens . This all relates to what happened in the 1990s , in the bloody aftermath of Yugoslavia splintering into separate nations . Many of the most horrific allegations have been levied against those aligned with the Yugoslavia government -- the closest equivalent to what is now the Republic of Serbia -- for its actions in Kosovo and Bosnia . In fact , several Serbians have been charged with genocide , though none yet specifically tied to actions inside Croatia . They include Radislav Krstic , sentenced to 46 years after the ICTY convicted him in relation to a five-day slaughter of up to 8,000 Muslims in the town of Srebrenica in what 's been called the worst atrocity in Europe since World War II . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic became the first sitting head of state to be indicted by a U.N. tribunal when he was charged with 66 counts for crimes against humanity , genocide , and war crimes , though he was found dead in his cell before his years-long trial in front of the ICTY finished . Ex-Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is still on trial for two genocide charges and nine others related to ethnic violence during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . When Ratko Mladic 's own trial on 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity opened in 2012 , the former general -- who is accused of orchestrating a horrific campaign of ethnic cleansing -- showed no remorse , even appearing to threaten victims in court . Yet even as such individual cases push forward , courts have been reluctant to hold governments involved in the conflict directly responsible for genocide . In 2007 , for instance , the International Court of Justice acquitted Serbia of committing genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina . But , in the same ruling , the U.N. court did find Serbia guilty of failing to prevent genocide in Srebrenica . Tuesday 's ICJ ruling relates specifically to what Serbian forces did in Croatia between 1991 and 1995 . The violence began when Serbian troops went into Croatia ostensibly to aid armed ethnic Serbians trying to create their own autonomous states there . The U.N. court considered reams of evidence , from both sides , about what happened in the years that followed . And some of what happened , the U.N. court ruled , was consistent with genocide . For example , the ICJ found Serbian and allied forces responsible for a "  large number of killings " that disproportionately affected Croats , "  which suggests that they may have been systematically targeted . " The forces also "  injured  ethnic Croatians  and perpetrated acts of ill-treatment , torture , sexual violence and rape  that contributed  to the physical or biological destruction of the protected group , " according to the court . Croats were singled out in other less lethal ways , like restricting their movement to create "  a climate of coercion and terror " and spur them to leave , the ICJ said . The court did n't find sufficient evidence , however , to implicate Serbian forces on other grounds , like depriving Croatians of food and medical care . But even if some of the acts could fall under the umbrella of genocide , there must be evidence of intent -- that the forces went in aiming to destroy a group of people -- in order for these actions to be labeled genocide under the so-called Genocide Convention , which dates to 1948 . That was not proven , in the eyes of the International Court of Justice . "  In view of the fact that dolus specialis has been established by Croatia , " the court said , using the legal term for a specific intent , "  its claims of conspiracy to commit genocide , direct and public incitement to commit genocide and attempt to commit genocide also necessarily fail . "  Accordingly , Croatia 's claim must be dismissed in its entirety . "	A U.N. court finds that Serbian forces did commit large-scale killings , other violent acts But there 's not enough evidence showing intent to commit genocide , the court rules The same court dismisses Serbia 's counterclaim that Croatia committed genocide
CNN  -- The last time Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Serena Williams , the Russian went on to win the French Open . When they meet again this week , that 2009 quarterfinal clash will be on both their minds . "  It will be a good match -- I mean , the last time we played here , she won , " Williams said after reaching the last eight at Roland Garros with Sunday 's comprehensive 6-1 6-3 victory over Italian clay specialist Roberta Vinci . "  That will probably get her pumped up , and she 's on a comeback , and she has nothing to lose and everything to gain . She 's also won this tournament before . "  So it 's not going to be an easy match for me , for sure . But I do n't want to stop at the quarters . " Williams lost in the first round in Paris last year , but has dominated the women 's game since then -- winning Wimbledon , the Olympic singles and doubles , the U.S. Open and the WTA Championships . Interactive : The secrets of French Open champions The American surprisingly lost in the Australian Open quarterfinals in January , but is now on a 28-match winning streak as she seeks to follow up her only French success back in 2002 . That run has only been surpassed this decade by her older sister Venus  35 wins  and Justine Henin  32  . "  I honestly do n't even consider it a streak , " Williams said . "  Every day , everybody 's like , ` You 're on this streak . ' But for me it 's about winning the matches . "  It 's like I do n't care to be on a streak ; I do n't care not to be on a streak . I just want to win this match . If that means it 's going to be consecutive and it 's going to be winning streaks , that 's great . "  But at the end of the day , I just want to hold up the winner 's trophy and whatever it takes to get there . " Williams has won 15 grand slam titles , and Kuznetsova is seeking her third as she rebuilds her career after injury problems that meant she has had to play qualifying events to get into the main draw of some of the bigger tournaments this year . "  I am excited to come back , it 's been six months off , " the 27-year-old told CNN 's Open Court before the French Open . "  It was my biggest break for my whole career and I was a little bit tired -- nonstop for 12 years all the time from January to November every year . " Kuznetsova , like Williams , reached the quarterfinals in Melbourne and has matched that in Paris after beating German eighth seed Angelique Kerber 6-4 4-6 6-3 on Sunday . She has won only two of eight encounters with Williams , the other being in Stuttgart in 2007 -- a year in which she reached the final of the U.S. Open but could not match her 2004 success in New York . "  I 'll just go out there and play my game , " the world No. 39 told reporters . "  Sometimes I can be very good . Sometimes I just have bad days . "  I 'm just a human being , maybe even more than other people . But I 'm just trying to do my job . "  I do n't care if I 'm an underdog or not , I just go out there and try to play my game . " Last year 's runner-up Sara Errani also reached the quarterfinals , with the Italian fifth seed battling to a 5-7 6-4 6-3 win over Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro . Errani , who makes up the top-ranked doubles team with compatriot Vinci , needed two and a half hours on court before beating the world No. 20 -- who was hoping to match her last-eight appearance in Paris in 2008 . Errani will next play Polish world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska , who won 6-2 6-4 against 2008 champion Ana Ivanovic of Serbia .	World No. 1 Serena Williams to play Svetlana Kuznetsova in French Open quarterfinals Russian beat American in last eight in 2009 on way to winning the Paris grand slam Williams crushes Roberta Vinci to notch up a 28th consecutive win this year Last year 's runner-up Sara Errani to play No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska in last eight
CNN  -- Young golf star Rory McIlroy has turned his back on the PGA Tour and decided to focus on playing in Europe next year , revealing that he feels "  lonely " when on the U.S. circuit . The 21-year-old , who won his first PGA Tour title at Quail Hollow in May , will follow Ryder Cup teammate and new world No. 1 Lee Westwood in concentrating on the European Tour . "  Sometimes you feel as though you have to be in America just to play the mandatory 15 and , at the start of this year , that was something I really wanted to do , " he told reporters in Singapore , according to Reuters.com . "  I did that , but I also realized it was n't for me -- but then it does n't mean to say that I do n't want to play fulltime in the States again . " The world No. 9 qualified for the lucrative FedEx Cup playoffs in his rookie year in the U.S. as he earned more than $ 2.5 million in prize money and finished 26th overall . "  I found myself in America -- especially in the FedEx Cup play-off series -- just not wanting to be there , especially on the golf course , " the Northern Irishman said . "  I switched on the Golf Channel and began watching the Omega European Masters in Switzerland and thinking to myself I would rather be there instead . "  It would be easier if I had a place in the States , and that would definitely make it easier to play both tours . Besides , with the majors and the WGCs , plus a few other events such as my defense of the Wells Fargo Championship , I will still play 11 or 12 there next year , and I will be happy with that . " McIlroy said he made his decision before European Tour officials increased the minimum number of tournaments required for full membership to 13 . "  But that does make it more difficult , " he said . "  Besides , I enjoy my time too much back at home . Holly -LSB- his girlfriend -RSB- also has another two years at university and we have two dogs , a nice house and I love my life back in Ireland , back in Europe and I do n't want ever to give that up . "  But if I keep playing the way I have been playing , I will get all the invitations I need . Also after playing the Ryder Cup , I got a great sense of the camaraderie out there , and I got to know many of the European guys a lot better . "  The thing is that if you are playing well in the States , it 's a great place to be , but if you 're not it can be a lonely place . Whereas if you are not playing well on the European Tour you still have plenty of mates to hang out with . " McIlroy has decided to skip this week 's Singapore Open , where Ryder Cup teammate Ian Poulter will defend his title , and instead focus on retaining his own Hong Kong Open crown later this month . Englishman Poulter will be up against the European Tour 's leading money-winners , Martin Kaymer and Graeme McDowell , plus Sunday 's WGC-HSBC Champions winner Francesco Molinari . Former world No. 1 Tiger Woods will defend his Australian Masters title in Melbourne this week , with the field also featuring Colombia 's Camilo Villegas and Spain 's Sergio Garcia . Home hopes include two-time champion Robert Allenby , former U.S. Open champion Geoff Ogilvy and Stuart Appleby .	Rory McIlroy will return to the European Tour as a full member next season Northern Irishman had played fulltime for his rookie year on PGA Tour in 2010 The 21-year-old says he misses being at home with his friends and family McIlroy is skipping this week 's Singapore Open , where Ian Poulter is defending champion
Saudi health officials are stepping up efforts to fight the Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus , or MERS-CoV , after a recent spike in cases . Saudi Arabia confirmed more than 50 cases of the virus in the past week , at least seven of which were fatal . The Saudi Health Ministry says 13 new cases were reported Monday alone , bringing the total to 257 . It is not clear why there was a sudden increase , said Dr. Abdullah Al-Asiri , assistant undersecretary at the Saudi Ministry of Health and a member of the Scientific Committee of Infectious Diseases . "  We have faced an increase in the number of cases around the same time last year at the end of winter , " the Saudi Press Agency quotes him as saying . Should I be concerned ? Last week , reports on social media said health care workers had refused to treat MERS-CoV patients . The government has since issued a statement saying ambulance services that refused would be suspended from work and investigated . Saudi officials have also called on the World Health Organization and a group of medical experts to meet at the end of this month to discuss the status of the virus . In a prepared statement , Ministry of Health spokesman Khalid Marghalani said a drug company would be arriving in Saudi Arabia to discuss the production of a vaccine to fight the virus . MERS-CoV was discovered in September 2012 . The World Health Organization reported Sunday that 250 cases have been confirmed globally with 93 deaths worldwide . A new cluster of the virus was reported in the United Arab Emirates this week , as were the first cases in Greece and Malaysia . MERS-CoV comes from the same group of viruses as the common cold and attacks the respiratory system , the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . Symptoms , which include fever , cough and shortness of breath , can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Although many of the cases have occurred on the Arabian Peninsula , people have died of the infection elsewhere , including in European countries and Tunisia in North Africa . However , all of the people involved contracted the disease in the Middle East before being diagnosed . Limited human-to-human transmission of the disease has also occurred in other countries . Health officials do not know exactly how the virus spreads , and they stress hygiene , such as diligent hand-washing , to limit its spread . The WHO has not recommended any MERS-related travel restrictions but says member countries should monitor any unusual respiratory infection patterns in travelers to the Arabian Peninsula . After the spike in cases , Dr. Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al-Rabiah stepped down as minister of health , state media reported Monday . Researchers claim progress in fight against MERS 5 things to know about new coronavirus	Minister of health steps down It is not clear why there was a sudden increase , Health Ministry official says The first cases of the virus were reported in Greece and Malaysia this week A new cluster was also reported in the United Arab Emirates
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- As violence continues to wrack Iraq , another ethnic slaughter may be in the making by Sunni extremists from ISIS . ISIS fighters have besieged the ethnic Turkmen Shiite town of Amerli in the north for two months , and its fewer than 20,000 residents are without power and running out of food , water and medical supplies . "  The situation of the people in Amerli is desperate and demands immediate action to prevent the possible massacre of its citizens , " said Nickolay Mladenov , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative for Iraq . He said the suffering was "  unspeakable " and demanded that the Shiite majority Iraqi government "  relieve the siege " on Amerli . Small town fights ISIS About 5,000 families live in Amerli , which has been under siege for 70 days , according to Dr. Ali Albayati , head of the Turkmen Saving Foundation . He told CNN the town is running without electricity , is out of medicine and can only turn to wells for water . Nearly three dozen villages surrounding Amerli are already under ISIS control , Albayati said . The people of Amerli are relying on the Iraqi government to take them out by helicopter or support them with food drops , Albayati said . In the past 10 days , he added , only one flight has delivered food . Surrounded on four sides , the 17,400 residents have had to defend themselves with only the help of local police , said Masrwr Aswad of Iraq 's Human Rights Commission . Their situation echoes the ordeal of Iraq 's ethnic Yazidis , whose plight after they were forced to flee into the mountains to escape militants ISIS triggered U.S. aid drops and the first U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . ISIS has targeted Shiite , Christian and other minority communities with shocking violence , as it has advanced across Iraq . Yazidis braced for life in exile Bombings , mosque shooting Suicide bombers targeted the Interior Ministry intelligence headquarters in Baghdad on Saturday , killing at least four people and injuring 35 others . In Kirkuk , a series of three car bombs and a roadside bomb killed at least 20 people . ISIS had warned on Friday there would be revenge for the killing of 50 of its members in a battle in Jalawla , Iraq . ISIS specifically promised to retaliate against the Kurdish Peshmerga forces . The bombings came as the death toll rose to 70 from an attack on Sunni Muslims a day earlier at a mosque in northeast Iraq , when suspected Shiite militiamen opened fire on worshipers . The mosque attack threatened to derail efforts to form a new , inclusive government -- something world leaders have said is a must if the country hopes to defeat Islamic militants . Iraqi authorities did not immediately identify the attackers , but Sunni politicians have put the blame on Shiite militias . Outraged Sunni lawmakers withdrew from negotiations to form a new government , saying they would not return until those behind the attack were arrested , two party officials told CNN . U.S. President Barack Obama has authorized targeted airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel in Iraq -- including military advisers -- as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . And U.S. officials have said that Washington is mulling the possibility of going after ISIS fighters in their stronghold in eastern Syria . What will it take to beat ISIS ? Where is ISIS ? CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad , Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Anna Coren and Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Death toll rises to 70 following mosque attack targeting Sunni Muslims U.N. calls for action to help Amerli , a Turkmen Shiite town under attack by ISIS Sunni lawmakers pull out of talks after the mosque attack
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Rebel forces in the Nafusa Mountains of western Libya were under heavy attack Tuesday by forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi and had issued a call for help , the National Transitional Council said . "  Representatives have confirmed that Gadhafi forces are using GRAD missiles , snipers , and a previously unseen type of mortar , " it said , adding that three locals were killed and another nine wounded on Tuesday . The Tunisian border is a portal for the delivery of humanitarian aid , which can no longer reach civilians in the area , it said . Pro-Gadhafi forces were also attacking the northwest Libyan city of Yafren , focusing on the hospital there , the statement said . Tunisia 's state-run news agency corroborated the attacks , but cited different casualty figures . It said at least two people were wounded , two of them seriously , in shelling that began Monday night and continued until Tuesday afternoon in the Nafusa Mountains , the state-run Tunisian news agency said . But the focus of shelling , the Wazin crossing point , remained under rebel control , said Tunis Afrique Presse . Some of the shells fired by Libyan government forces fell inside Tunisia , TAP said , citing a security source . Libyan state television reported late Tuesday that government forces had exchanged fire with NATO vessels that were shelling west of Misrata , striking one of them directly . But the claim was flatly denied by NATO . "  No NATO vessels in that area have been engaged today , " said a mission spokesman for the organization who , citing security reasons , declined to identify himself . Meanwhile , fighting continued in Misrata , where seven people died and 32 were wounded Tuesday , said Khaled Abu Falgha , a physician at Al Hikma Hospital in the city . Most of the casualties were among the rebels and occurred on Misrata 's eastern edge , near the Tawergha area . Fighting there has been going on for three days , since rebels took control of the nearby airport and civil defense base , he said . The International Committee of the Red Cross said fighting in Misrata and other cities was keeping medical aid from reaching civilians and causing casualties among health personnel . The continued attacks came as TAP reported that two former high-level Libyan government officials had crossed the border into Tunisia in the past few days . Abdallah Mahmoud al-Hijazi , the former adviser to the Foreign Affairs General Secretariat and deputy-director of Libyan military intelligence , entered Tunisia on Tuesday through the Ras Jedir border crossing , said TAP . He headed for the Tunisian tourist island of Djerba accompanied by four former civil servants , it said . The news agency also reported that the Libyan oil minister , Choukri Ghanem , had gone through the same crossing Saturday . Their intentions were not immediately clear . Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim denied Monday that Ghanem had defected , and said he was still on the job . Early Tuesday , in the capital city of Tripoli , crowds gathered outside two burning buildings , the aftermath of what a Libyan official said were NATO airstrikes on government facilities . Ibrahim said the buildings housed the Ministry of Popular Inspection and Oversight , a government anti-corruption body , and the head of the police force in Tripoli . There were no reports of casualties . Some people ventured outside to inspect the damage . Others , including a group of young men carrying a portrait of Moammar Gadhafi and waving the country 's green flag , marched in front of the buildings chanting slogans of support for the Libyan leader . Documents were strewn over the grounds of the ministry building . Ibrahim told reporters that in the last few days , the ministry had put together corruption files against leaders in the Libyan opposition 's Transitional National Council . He said the files "  fortunately survived . " The area teemed with security forces , and men in civilian clothing carrying AK-47s . Some shot into the air in a show of anger . "  Is this their  NATO 's  protection of civilians or terrifying civilians ? " one of the men asked CNN . "  This is a civilian neighborhood . ... Residents are terrified . " NATO on Tuesday said that , during the previous 24 hours , planes had hit a command-and-control center and a military training facility in Tripoli and struck radar systems in the vicinity of Tripoli . The damage in the capital is one of the latest developments in Libya 's see-saw war , which has raged for months with no end in sight . NATO is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing the use of force and any means -- except occupation -- to protect civilians . Allied forces have conducted airstrikes on Gadhafi 's resources for almost two months . The Libyan Red Crescent reported that three of its ambulances had been hit in separate incidents in recent days , resulting in the death of a nurse and wounds to a patient and three volunteers . It has also received allegations concerning the misuse of the Red Cross and Red Crescent emblems to support military operations and the use of ambulances to transport arms and fighters . "  All parties to the conflict must refrain from harming injured people , medical personnel , medical vehicles and medical facilities , " said Georgios Georgantas , the ICRC 's deputy head of operations for North and West Africa . "  Medical personnel and ambulances must be allowed to reach the wounded . We reiterate our call to the authorities and to all weapons bearers to respect medical services and the emblems of the Red Crescent and Red Cross . " Libyan opposition members are demanding freedom and an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court has sought the arrest of Gadhafi and two relatives , linking them Monday to "  widespread and systematic " attacks on civilians . Luis Moreno-Ocampo told reporters his office has "  direct evidence " linking Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi to crimes against humanity . Ibrahim , the government spokesman , denied accusations against the regime . Judges on the international court must now decide whether to issue the arrest warrants Moreno-Ocampo wants . Security forces in Libya are accused of using sexual enhancement drugs as a "  machete " and gang-raping women they stop at checkpoints , Moreno-Ocampo said . Meanwhile , the government spokesman said four Western journalists detained by Libyan authorities were to appear Tuesday in court . Ibrahim said Monday night he expected the American and Spanish journalists to be fined and released . He said he could not confirm the names of the journalists because he did not have the list . Ibrahim said the journalists were detained for entering the country illegally from the east . Libyan authorities have threatened to detain journalists passing through the rebel-controlled eastern part of the country . Many people have been working out ways to flee Libya . The U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday that hundreds of people who had fled Libya for Tunisia and Egypt "  have crossed back into Libya with the intention of boarding boats to reach Europe . " Members of the Somali , Ethiopian and Eritrean communities in camps at Shousha near Tunisia 's border with Libya are among them . About 14,000 people have been taken by boat from Libya to Italy and Malta , the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency said most have made the journey in boats "  overladen with passengers and in a very poor state of repair . " Frequently , there 's "  no qualified skipper or crew to operate the boat . " "  UNHCR has met with refugees in Tripoli who are planning to make this treacherous journey , " the agency said . "  UNHCR repeats its call to all vessels on the Mediterranean to consider all boats departing Libya to be in need of assistance , and likely to face a situation of distress at some point in the journey . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Ben Brumfield and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi forces reportedly using a previously unseen type of mortar Seven are killed and 32 wounded in Misrata , a physician says There are reports of two former Libyan officials crossing into Tunisia Fighting is keeping medical personnel away from the wounded , aid groups say
CNN  -- The civilian death toll mounted in Syria Wednesday as the U.N.-Arab League envoy for the country , Kofi Annan , considered a response from Syrian authorities to proposals laid out in weekend meetings , officials said . Annan "  has questions and is seeking answers , " said a statement by his spokesman . "  But given the grave and tragic situation on the ground , everyone must realize that time is of the essence . As he said in the region , this crisis can not be allowed to drag on . " The opposition said 56 people died Wednesday across Syria , including 29 in the rebel stronghold of Idlib , where activists reported Syrian military forces had seized control following a four-day onslaught . Only pockets of the city were held by soldiers who have defected , the activists said . Annan met last weekend in Damascus with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in an attempt to of reach a diplomatic solution to the crisis , which began almost a year ago . Three U.S. administration officials said earlier that al-Assad does n't recognize the former U.N. secretary-general as the Arab League 's representative and had rejected Annan 's efforts . Al-Assad also said he will not do anything until the opposition lays down its arms , the sources said . Annan will brief the U.N. Security Council on Friday , according to the United Kingdom 's mission to the United Nations , which holds the Security Council presidency this month . World powers will continue to attempt to pressure al-Assad 's regime and focus on getting humanitarian aid to Syrians , U.S. President Barack Obama said Wednesday at a news conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron . The Syrian regime is being isolated politically , diplomatically and economically , by tightening sanctions , Obama said , while the Syrian opposition is growing stronger and military defections are continuing . Cameron said his country wants "  revolution rather than civil war " in Syria . Syrian state-run media Wednesday said security forces "  have brought safety and security back to the city " of Idlib , "  which witnessed terrorist acts by armed gangs . " Al-Assad 's regime routinely insists "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the bloodshed in Syria . But the continuing carnage and a scathing report about torture at the hands of the regime suggest there 's been no progress in Syria after almost a year of attacks on civilians . In Idlib , the Free Syrian Army , a group of fighters composed primarily of defectors from government forces , had fled the city for "  tactical reasons , " said Hamza abu al-Hassan , an activist with the opposition Binnish Coordination Committee . Binnish is a town located a few kilometers northeast of Idlib . Clashes had slowed compared with previous days , but shelling continued , he said . Shelling was ongoing on the southwest outskirts of Binnish , al-Hassan said . The shells appeared to have been launched from military barracks south of the town , he said . No casualties resulted , as the shells struck open areas in an apparent attempt to scare residents . Most women and children have fled Binnish , he said . The city has shortages of food and gasoline , as well as medicine , he said . Human Rights Watch , citing accounts from witnesses and activists , said Syria 's bombardment of the city of Idlib had killed 114 civilians since March 10 . "  Five witnesses , including three foreign correspondents , gave separate accounts to Human Rights Watch that government forces used large-caliber machine guns , tanks , and mortars to fire indiscriminately at buildings and people in the street , " the group said . "  After they entered Idlib , government forces detained people in house-to-house searches , looted buildings , and burned down houses , the witnesses said . " Government forces also used mortars during the attack on the city , an Idlib resident told Human Rights Watch . Government forces looted shops and apartments and burned down houses of suspected activists , the witnesses said . Throngs of security forces Wednesday infiltrated villages in the port city of Latakia , searching for activists and setting homes afire amid sporadic gunfire , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , or LCC , an opposition activist network . "  This comes under a complete cutoff  of  electricity and telecommunications in the area , " the LCC said . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But most reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . More than 8,000 people have been killed in the conflict , including many women and children , the president of the U.N. General Assembly said this week . Opposition activists have put the toll at more than 9,000 . Two Turkish journalists are missing in Syria , according to Milat newspaper . Adem Ozkose , a columnist and war reporter for Milat and the Middle East correspondent for Gercek Hayat magazine , and Hamit Coskun , a freelance cameraman , were covering events in Syria and shooting a documentary , according to Milat . They were last heard from Saturday , said Turgut Alp Boyraz , a member of the newspaper 's foreign editorial board . Three members of the opposition Syrian National Council resigned Tuesday over disagreements with its leadership , Ausama Monajed , adviser to council head Burhan Ghalioun , said Wednesday . The three -- Haitham al-Maleh , Kamal al-Labwani and Catherine al-Telli -- "  wanted radical change within the organization , " Monajed said . However , the council -- an umbrella organization that represents the Syrian opposition abroad -- is not ready for radical change , he said . The three decided they would be more "  effective working from the outside , " he said . Also , Saudi Arabia and Italy on Wednesday became the latest countries to suspend embassy activities in Damascus and withdraw their staffs . Spain suspended its embassy activities earlier this month , and the United States and France previously closed their embassies . "  We reiterate the firmest condemnation of the unacceptable violence perpetrated by the Syrian regime against its citizens , " Italy 's foreign office said in a statement . "  Italy will continue to support the Syrian people and to work toward a peaceful solution to the crisis that ensures their fundamental rights and legitimate democratic aspirations . " However , Venezuela 's parliament on Tuesday passed "  an agreement in solidarity with Syria in light of the imperial threat presented by the United States and its Arab allies , " Venezuela 's Interior Ministry said Wednesday in a statement . "  The document exhorts the international community and peace lovers to undertake a massive campaign to reject intervention in that nation , " the statement continued . According to an Amnesty International report released Wednesday , Syrians detained by the regime are subjected to torture , including electric shocks , beatings and sexual violence . Based on interviews with dozens of Syrians who have fled to Jordan , the report details "  31 methods of torture or other ill treatment " by security forces , the Syrian army and pro-government armed gangs . An 18-year-old identified as Karim told researchers his interrogators used pincers to gouge flesh from his legs while he was held for 25 days in Daraa in December . Detainees also were forced to witness abuse and hear others -- sometimes relatives or friends -- being tortured and raped , the report said . "  I heard the screams of those being tortured for 24 hours a day , " a 29-year-old identified as Musleh told researchers . "  While in the cell , we were busy praying for the safety of those who are being tortured . " After reports this week of a massacre in Homs , where dozens of women and children were reportedly stabbed and burned to death , authorities "  arrested a number of terrorists who perpetrated the terrifying massacre against the citizens of Karm al Zaitoun neighborhood , " the news agency reported Wednesday . Both opposition groups and the government reported a massacre in Homs , but opposition activists accused regime forces of carrying out the attacks . Shelling continued Wednesday for a fifth consecutive day on Homs neighborhoods , killing five people and wounding almost 60 , activists said . More than 70 rockets and tank shells hit central and eastern neighborhoods in the city ; power blackouts were reported in some areas , the activists said . Over the past year , about 30,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries , said Panos Moumtzis , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees ' coordinator for Syrian refugees . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Amir Ahmed , Mitra Mobasherat , Catherine Shoichet and Anna Ozbek contributed to this report .	Wednesday 's death toll is at 56 , including 29 in Idlib Two Turkish journalists are missing in Syria Annan will brief the U.N. Security Council on Friday Three resign from the opposition Syrian National Council
CNN  -- British author J.G. Ballard , whose boyhood experience in a World War II internment camp became the novel and film "  Empire of the Sun , " died Sunday at age 78 , his literary agent said . He had suffered from cancer for several years . Ballard 's semi-autobiographical "  Empire of the Sun " was made into a movie by Steven Spielberg . "  J.G. Ballard has been a giant on the world literary scene for more than 50 years , " Margaret Hanbury said Monday . "  His acute and visionary observation of contemporary life was distilled into a number of brilliant , powerful novels , which have been published all over the world . " Ballard was born in a Western enclave in the Chinese city of Shanghai in 1930 . The Japanese occupied the city in 1937 , and Ballard and his family were placed in a civilian internment camp in 1943 . He began writing science fiction in the 1950s , with his work taking on a strongly psychological , apocalyptic bent in later decades . But , "  Empire of the Sun , " his semi-autobiographical account of the war years , became his best-known work , and it was made into a film by director Steven Spielberg in 1988 . Canadian filmmaker David Cronenberg adapted another of Ballard 's novels , "  Crash , " in 1996 . Its plot -- people sexually aroused by car accidents -- drew the novel an initial reaction of "  beyond psychiatric help " from his publisher and an adults-only rating for the film .	Celebrated author J.G. Ballard dies at age of 78 from cancer Ballard began writing science fiction in 1950s His semi-autobiographical novel "  Empire of the Sun " was made into film
CNN  -- Shareholders of the Olympus Corp. approved a new board Friday despite objections from a vocal minority of shareholders seeking new management that can distance the company from the $ 1.7 billion cover-up that rocked Japan Inc. . The extraordinary shareholders meeting started with the outgoing president , Shuichi Takayama , apologizing to the investors on the cover-up of the losses . He was greeted by boos and hisses . Allegations against the Japanese camera and medical equipment maker came to light after the October dismissal of former President Michael Woodford -- a rare foreign chief executive in corporate Japan -- after he questioned ex-board members about dubious transactions at the center of the case . A special audit of Olympus in December , led by a former Japanese Supreme Court judge , detailed $ 1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s by the company . The report blasted the culture of the company that allowed the losses to be disguised in dubious fees and overvalued payments for companies , as well as the tight control of ex-Chairman Tusyoshi Kikukawa . "  The management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it , " the panel 's report said . Japanese prosecutors arrested seven people tied to the accounting fraud in February , including Kikukawa , ex-Executive Vice President Hisashi Mori and former Auditor Hideo Yamada . Four others arrested were financial advisers who allegedly assisted Olympus executives in the cover-up . The former 11 members of the Olympus board stepped down en masse Friday . The new management includes Yasuyuki Kimoto , a former director of Sumitomo Mitsui Bank , who becomes chairman , while Hiroyuki Sasa , an Olympus executive officer , is promoted to president . Critics -- including Woodford and Institutional Shareholder Services -- opposed the "  insider " appointments , questioning Kimoto 's ties to Sumitomo , the company 's biggest lender . Woodford also questioned Sasa 's experience to lead Olympus out from under the shadow of the scandal . Olympus released a statement April 11 reaffirming support for the candidates , noting that the majority of new board members are independent outside directors . "  Mr. Sasa 's career spans 30 years in the Company 's core Medical Business , and in recent years he has been deeply involved in the management of this core business , " Olympus said in a statement . Olympus is the world 's largest maker of endoscopes , and Sasa is currently director of Olympus Medical Services . "  Today would become the touchstone for new Olympus . I would like to ask about the reason of my dismissal , " Woodford told Japanese media before entering today 's meeting . Company officials refused to answer Woodford 's question at the meeting , citing ongoing litigation . Woodford is is suing Olympus for wrongful termination . He released a book in Japanese this week on the scandal entitled "  Terminated . " Woodford gave up his public fight to be reinstated as chief executive in January . Meeting with the press yesterday in Tokyo , Woodford said he wanted to shine light on corporate governance in Japan . "  I 'm not a magician ... it is ` Alice in Wonderland , ' " Woodford said Thursday at the Tokyo Foreign Correspondent 's Club . "  All I can do is draw attention to it . " Olympus shares lost nearly 80 % of its market value in the weeks after Woodford went public with his allegations . The stock is now half its value before the scandal broke . Olympus was fined $ 2.4 million earlier this by Japanese regulators for filing false financial results . The Olympus saga started with a five-page expose in Japanese magazine FACTA -- a small circulation magazine that has only nine people on staff -- on July 20 that raised questions over advisory fees of $ 687 million paid in 2008 for the purchase of Gyrus , a UK medical instruments firm . The article also questioned the $ 773 million paid for three small Japanese companies -- a face cream maker , a plastic container maker and a recycling business , each with fewer than 50 employees . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this article	NEW : Shareholders of the Olympus Corp. approve a new board despite objections New management will run the camera maker whose $ 1.7 billion cover-up rocked Japan Inc. . Allegations after the October dismissal of former Olympus President Michael Woodford Outgoing president , Shuichi Takayama , was greeted with boos and hisses from shareholders
Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair will plead guilty to adultery and mistreating his accuser in a deal that will see the sexual assault and sodomy charges against him dropped , according to his defense team and CNN affiliate WTVD . Maj. Gen. Clarence Chinn , a commander at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , where the court-martial has been taking place , approved Sinclair 's offer to plea this weekend , making it a binding document , according to a statement from the defense . Defense attorney Richard Scheff applauded the decision while attacking the Pentagon , which the defense has accused of interfering in the case , and Sinclair 's accuser , an Army captain the defense has painted as a jilted lover who was upset that the general would n't leave his wife . "  After wasting millions of taxpayer dollars , the Army finally admitted what it 's known for many months : General Sinclair is innocent of sexual assault . Two successive prosecutors agreed that these charges should be dropped , as did two successive staff judge advocates , " Scheff said in a statement . He continued , "  The government understood that if it allowed BG Sinclair 's accuser to be cross-examined , she would be caught in a thick web of her own lies . It should n't have taken two years for them to come to this conclusion , but they were driven by politics rather than justice . " Scheff concluded his remarks , saying that the "  reputational and financial costs " Sinclair has suffered because of "  false rape allegations " should be factored into his sentencing . The testimony of the general 's accuser was never fully aired . She testified for several hours March 7 , telling the court that the affair started with intimate exchanges and evolved into groping and demands for sex and oral sex , WTVD reported . She also said the general threatened to kill her and her family , the station reported . She was scheduled to continue her testimony March 10 , but Col. James Pohl , the presiding judge in the court-martial , dismissed the jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerged that appear to point to alleged Pentagon interference in the case . At least one of the e-mails also seemed to indicate that a senior Army official felt the accuser had a credibility issue . While Pohl said there may have been "  undue command influence " by Pentagon officials , he declined the defense team 's request that he drop charges against Sinclair . Pohl instead ordered that the general be provided a possible plea deal . Sinclair 's attorneys filed a Freedom of Information Act request for all Pentagon e-mail communication including keywords in the Sinclair case , identifying about 10,000 e-mails among a dozen senior Pentagon officials , defense spokesman Josh Zeitz said . The Pentagon was reviewing the communications and would likely release them slowly , Zeitz said Wednesday , but if the two sides reached a plea deal and something pivotal arose in those e-mails , the defense would file another motion to dismiss charges . Zeitz said last week that Sinclair would not plead guilty to sexual assault , threatening the accuser or her family or any charge that would land him on a sex-offender registry . The Sunday statement from the defense team said the plea deal nixed all three charges that would necessitate sex offender status for the general , as well as a charge of defrauding the government and a charge that alleged "  Sinclair ` coerced and compelled ' his accuser to remain in their three-year , consensual relationship . " The 27-year Army veteran will instead agree that his failure to end the relationship resulted in his accuser 's emotional discomfort and distress , as did his refusal to divorce his wife and marry his accuser , the defense statement said . The general will also plead guilty to mistreating his accuser , which the defense team noted is "  an infraction unique to the Uniform Code of Military Justice . " "  We 're left with a collection of lesser charges , most of which are n't criminal in the civilian world , " Scheff said in his statement . "  Sinclair has admitted to mistakes that are normally a matter between husbands and wives , or employees and HR departments . It 's time to put this matter to rest . " Sentencing will begin this week . While it 's unclear what penalty Sinclair faces , the government has agreed to a "  quantum " -- essentially a maximum-penalty cap that wo n't be revealed to Pohl , according to the defense . Pohl will hand down his sentence , and Sinclair will face the lesser of the two sentences -- either Pohl 's or those laid out in the quantum . Political fight over military sex assaults divides women senators	Sexual assault charge to be dropped against Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair , defense says Defense attorney says costs of "  false rape allegations " should be factored into sentence General had said he would n't plead guilty to charges that put him on sex-offender registry Government agrees to sentence cap ; general knows maximum penalty , defense says
CNN  By the end of today , an average of six people will have died from alcohol poisoning , and it 's a "  surprising group " that 's dying more than any other , according to new research from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That adds up to an average of 2,221 people in the United States -- a conservative estimate , according to the CDC -- dying annually , making it one of the leading preventable causes of death . The numbers come from death certificate data collected from 2010 to 2012 . Alcohol poisoning is when a person consumes a toxic amount of alcohol , usually after a binge of drinking . Typically , "  binge drinking " for men involves consuming five or more alcoholic beverages in two to three hours , according to the CDC . For women it 's drinking four or more in that same period . However , earlier research shows most of the 38 million or more Americans who admit to binge drinking say they actually drink about eight drinks in two to three hours and they do this on average four times per month . When you are suffering from alcohol poisoning , your liver ca n't keep up with the amount of alcohol in your body . Alcohol is a toxin and the liver has to filter it out of your blood . What the liver ca n't filter out backs up into your bloodstream . If the blood alcohol concentration in your bloodstream becomes too high , it has a severe impact on your mental and physical self . Your breathing could slow down and so could your heartbeat and your gag reflex . If these do n't work correctly , you could lose your breath and pass out or you could stop breathing . Alcohol poisoning can also cause you to choke or cause your heart rhythm to become erratic . You could slip into a coma . Other signs that someone may be suffering alcohol poisoning include severely slurred speech , loss of coordination and vomiting . While college students get a bad rap for binge drinking , the study found it 's not typically college age people who die from drinking too much . In what the CDC said was a surprise , it found that white men between the ages of 35 and 64 are dying most often from alcohol poisoning . That demographic accounts for 76 % of the deaths . American Indians/Alaska Natives have the most alcohol poisoning deaths per million people , according to the report . Alaska has the most alcohol poisoning deaths per million people , while Alabama has the least . Thirty percent of the people who died were considered alcoholics . Alcohol-attributed deaths cost the country in terms of workplace productivity and in the number of accidents they cause , which cost about $ 223.5 billion , according to 2006 figures . Ileana Arias , the CDC 's principal deputy director who helped release the report , called Tuesday for more effective programs and policies to prevent binge drinking . If you do drink , there are some benefits to a moderate consumption of alcohol . "  Moderate " is considered up to one drink a day for women or up to two drinks a day for men . Arias said binge drinking is a serious and "  critical health issue facing this nation . "	Binge drinking can cause alcohol poisoning White men between the 35 and 64 are dying most often from alcohol poisoning , CDC says
CNN  -- Air guitar players , bus stop drummers and office desk virtuosos , rejoice : being a slave to the rhythm has just become a lot more fun . Mogees is a new technology that turns any object into a musical instrument , by converting the vibrations you make when you touch it into sound . Here 's how it works : you stick a small sensor to the surface you want to play with , be it a tree or a fruit bowl or your bathtub , and then connect it to your smartphone . An app running on it detects and analyzes the vibrations , transforming them into musical notes . The sound can then be amplified by hooking up the smartphone to headphones or speakers . "  The sound you hear is really coming from the object , it 's not a virtual reconstruction , " says Bruno Zamborlin , the 30-year-old music technology researcher who invented the device . "  It 's a principle called physically inspired sound system . When you play a real instrument , like a guitar , the sound is created by the combination of an exciter and a resonator . The exciter is the plectrum in your hand that hits the strings , and the resonator is the combination of the strings and the body of the guitar . Mogees works in a similar way : everything that is picked up by the sensor -- your gestures , the object itself -- is the exciter , and the resonator is emulated through the software . We just modify the signal to respect musical rules . We augment it . " The name of the device is a geeky reference to its functionality : it stands for "  Modal Gestural Surface . " Nothing is random : if you make the same gesture twice , you get the same sound . Through the app , you can select the musical notes and timbres that you want it to associate to your gestures . Sounds complicated ? "  Mogees is designed to be immediately pleasant and fun to play for anyone , " Zamborlin told CNN , "  but at the same time it leaves room for improvement and virtuosity . " The default setting for the system is the "  Free mode " : you select a musical scale and the frequency of the vibrations that you create is mapped to one specific note on that scale . Alternatively , you can use "  Song mode " , which entails uploading a song in the form of a MIDI file onto your phone : each time you touch your designated object , you play a note from your song . Mogees had a successful Kickstarter earlier this year , and subsequently secured additional private funding to the tune of  # 1 million . The first units have already been delivered to backers . And Zamborlin has racked up some field tests with pre-production prototypes : "  In New Delhi I met a sword swallower who stuck it on top of his sword and proceeded to play it with the piercing on his tongue : it produced a really high frequency , eerie sound . A French researcher emailed me saying he was going to the Amazon forest for a month and wanted a couple of Mogees to show to the local tribes . Dancers play it with their feet . And I 've seen people just attach it to a ping pong table to ` sonify ' their game . I like being surprised . " A musical enthusiast himself -- he pauses mid-sentence to marvel at the sound of a nearby Mogees playing a song by Kraftwerk , the German pioneers of electronic music -- Zamborlin has performed publicly several times with the device , most recently playing alongside British electronic duo Plaid at London 's Roundhouse , a venue that has hosted the likes of The Doors and Jimi Hendrix . On stage , he had surrounded himself with items reminiscent of a playground : a slide , a tree , a metal fence , and some scaffolding arranged to spell the word "  play " . At one point he used a wooden chair , gently caressing it as if trying to convince it to produce the perfect note . "  I 'm trying to add some visual and performative aspect to electronic music . I want it to go back to the real world and be physically performed , with the advantages of digital technology coupled with the gestures of acoustic instruments . We 're witnessing a spring of augmented reality and embedded technology , and this concept can be applied to music as well : I wish to inspire people to see objects in a novel way . " Other musicians are using or plan to use the device . Among them , French electronic composer Jean Michel Jarre , the Mexican acoustic duo Rodrigo y Gabriela , and English songwriter Imogen Heap . But Zamborlin is also eager to see how regular users will employ it , and he plans to update the software accordingly , while keeping an open stance : "  This project is about not telling people what to do , " he says , "  There are no rules with this technology . I want people to just look around and find their own inspiration . All I 'm going to do is try to make their experience better . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Can levitating appliances take off ? The Chairless Chair , an invisible chair that you can wear Music ` hackers ' unleash new generation of cool and bizarre instruments	Mogees is a new technology that turns any object into a musical instrument It works by picking up vibrations and transforming them into notes It was funded through Kickstarter and the first production units have been delivered
CNN  The attempts by some in the GOP to undermine President Barack Obama 's Iranian policy certainly seem extraordinary . First , the Republican leadership invited Benjamin Netanyahu to speak to Congress without consulting the White House , and he duly warned against softening of the West 's line on Iran . Now , 47 senators have written an open letter to the Iranian regime to advise that any deal agreed to with Obama could be reversed after the 2016 presidential election . It is an astonishing move . But this is not , strictly speaking , unique . People in both parties have done far more remarkable things in the past . Back in 1983 , Sen. Edward Kennedy tried to set up a personal diplomatic channel with the Soviet Union -- effectively sidestepping President Ronald Reagan . Working through proxies , he suggested that he visit Moscow to meet with the communist leadership and offered to help them make their case to the American people as to why they preferred dialogue over confrontation . As Washington Post journalist Vincent Bzdek notes in his book "  The Kennedy Legacy , " this occurred close to a U.S. presidential election , and some conservatives have interpreted it as an act of treason -- perhaps even a breach of the Logan Act , which forbids private citizens from engaging in diplomacy with the goal of changing foreign policy . One might argue that the senator was motivated by high ideals : He had a clear record of campaigning to reduce Cold War tensions and thought Reagan was mishandling the Soviets . On more than one occasion , Kennedy politicized foreign policy while in the Senate . In my book on the 1980 Democratic presidential primaries , I note that Kennedy opposed Jimmy Carter 's hard-line stance on the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan -- a position that was well-intentioned , prophetic and somewhat advantageous to Kennedy 's campaign for the Democratic nomination . But it 's not only Democrats who have done that . Step forward , Richard Nixon . In 1968 , the presidential election looked close . With the Johnson administration edging toward a peace deal in Vietnam , Nixon 's team rolled the dice . According to an account in Politico , Anna Chennault , a Republican activist , was given a message to pass onto the South Vietnamese government : If they undermined the peace talks by being stubborn , the Democrats would lose the election and Nixon as the next president would offer them better terms . The South Vietnamese indeed proved intransigent , and the Republicans won the White House . No evidence exists directly tying Nixon personally to the conspiracy , but we now know for sure that it happened and it 's far hard to imagine that it would have gone ahead without his knowledge . There is a view that it bordered on treason and -- again -- makes the 2015 GOP efforts look tame by comparison . The extreme lengths that Kennedy and Nixon went to behind the scenes underlines the point that foreign policy has always been a deeply partisan matter that can often end in a challenge to executive authority . It 's true that the spirit of the Constitution indicates that the country is expected to speak with one voice on foreign policy through the President . But such harmony has n't always been possible . Recall that Congress and the Carter White House tore themselves apart over the Panama Canal Treaties . That the Reagan administration 's policy in Nicaragua was so controversial that his staffers sent aid to the rebels through back channels , and the then-Democratic House speaker , Jim Wright , was accused of presenting a private peace plan to the left-wing government . That Bill Clinton 's 1994 nuclear deal with North Korea was criticized by both Republicans and Democrats . Or that liberal Democrats did their best to defund the Iraq War . As Damian Paletta writes , foreign policy is generally conducted quietly by the White House through executive agreements that pass without comment . But the idea that foreign policy is beyond partisanship is nave , and disagreements have gone public when the political conditions are appropriate . The particular matter of the Iran talks is sensitive for the Republicans because it involves the electoral holy trinity of Obama , Israel and the presidential primaries . They were n't going to walk away from this one , and we can hardly be surprised that they have n't . The Democrats would do the same if the situation were reversed , as they have many times in the past . In a republic purposefully designed to have limited executive power , with a competitive two-party system bolted on to keep its politics fluid , this was arguably inevitable .	Timothy Stanley : GOP senators ' letter to Iranian leaders seems extraordinary But undermining a president 's foreign policy is not at all unique , Stanley says He says both left , right have gone around administrations to deal with foreign leaders
CNN  -- California 's Supreme Court said Wednesday that it will hear the appeal of a challenge to Proposition 8 , a voter-approved measure outlawing same-sex marriage . California 's voter-approved measure banning same-sex marriage has sparked protests throughout the state . In a written statement , the court said it will not block the implementation or enforcement of the law in the meantime . Proposition 8 passed with about 52.5 percent of the vote , making California one of several states to ban same-sex marriage in the November 4 elections . But unlike the other states , California had already been issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples since May , after a state Supreme Court ruling legalized the unions . The American Civil Liberties Union , Lambda Legal and the National Center for Lesbian Rights filed legal challenges to the vote , asking the high court to rule the ballot-initiative process was "  improperly used " to strip away a right protected by the state constitution . iReport.com : Share your view on same-sex marriage The court said arguments in the case could be heard as early as March . In its May 15 ruling legalizing same-sex marriage in California , the justices seemed to signal that a ballot initiative like Proposition 8 might not be enough to change the underlying constitutional issues of the case in the court 's eyes . The ruling said the right to marry is among a set of basic human rights "  so integral to an individual 's liberty and personal autonomy that they may not be eliminated or abrogated by the legislature or by the electorate through the statutory initiative process . " In the hours after the proposition 's apparent passage , thousands of protesters took to the streets of Los Angeles and other cities across California in protest . Observances in support of same-sex marriage were held in cities across the country Saturday .	Three groups file challenge to Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage Groups say ballot initiative "  improperly used " to strip away state constitutional right Court says it will not interfere with enforcement of the law before it hears appeal State Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage in May 15 ruling
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- The governments of Armenia and Turkey will sign a peace agreement in Zurich on Saturday that would normalize relations after nearly a century of animosity between the neighboring nations , the Swiss government said Friday . The Swiss-mediated peace deal would also open the border between the countries , which has been shut since 1993 . The signing ceremony comes more than a month after Armenia and Turkey announced they had agreed to start six weeks of "  internal political consultations " on two protocols aimed at establishing diplomatic and bilateral relations . The Swiss-mediated peace deal would also open the border between the countries , which has been shut since 1993 . The border was closed after Turkey objected to Armenia 's war with Turkish ally Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabagh . Neither country has an embassy in the other 's capital . Turkish-Armenian relations have often been overshadowed by the dispute over the massacre of ethnic Armenians in the final days of the Ottoman Empire , more than 90 years ago . Armenians accuse Ottoman Turks of committing genocide , killing more then a million Armenians starting in 1915 . Modern-day Turkey vehemently rejects the allegations . The proposed protocols for normalizing relations call for creating a committee of international experts to research archives and "  restore mutual confidence between the two nations . " There is no mention of the disputed territory of Karabagh , which Armenian troops have controlled since the 1993 Armenian-Azerbaijan war . But the success of the protocols is still uncertain , as the parliaments of both countries still must ratify the agreement . A senior U.S. State Department official -- authorized to brief reporters without attribution because of diplomatic sensitivities -- said the situation remains "  difficult . " "  There 's opposition both in Turkey and in Armenia , " the senior official said Thursday , "  but both governments realize ultimately it 's in their interest to have normalized relations and an open border after years of tension and the economic isolation , particularly of Armenia . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will attend the signing , along with dignitaries from several other countries , including the European Union , according to the Swiss government .	Swiss-mediated deal would normalize relations between rival nations Accord also open the border , which has been closed since 1993 Animosity dates back to Ottoman Empire and massacre of ethnic Armenians Both countries still must ratify the protocols , and difficulties remain
The Hollywood Reporter  It 's official : AMC is moving forward with its "  Walking Dead " companion series in a major way . The top-secret drama , which went through the pilot process with the title of Cobalt , will join the flagship series on the network as the cabler continues to focus on scripted fare . In addition to ordering the pilot to series , AMC has preemptively renewed the drama for a second season . The first season will consist of six hourlong episodes -- just like the flagship series did . The drama will premiere on AMC in the "  late summer , " with season two set for 2016 . Robert Kirkman , who created The Walking Dead comic series , co-wrote the pilot with Dave Erickson  "  Sons of Anarchy "  . Kirkman and Erickson exec produce alongside "  Walking Dead 's " Gale Anne Hurd and Dave Alpert . Erickson serves as showrunner , while Adam Davidson directed the pilot . "  Walking Dead " VFX guru Greg Nicotero will also exec produce the series . While AMC has been tight-lipped on its premise , sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the series is a prequel that takes place in Los Angeles at the onset of the zombie outbreak . AMC on Monday confirmed that the companion series is set in Los Angeles but revealed nothing more beyond that it will focus on new characters and storylines . The drama is still untitled . Read more : AMC 's ` Walking Dead ' Prequel : All the Details  So Far Cliff Curtis  "  Gang Related "  stars as Sean Cabrera , a teacher who shares a son with his ex-wife . "  Sons of Anarchy 's " Kim Dickens is set to co-star as Nancy , a guidance counselor who works at the school with Sean and is seeing him romantically . Frank Dillane  "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince "  co-stars as Nancy 's son Nick , who has battled a drug problem ; and Alycia Debnam Carey  "  Into the Woods "  is set as Nancy 's ambitious daughter Ashley , who is the polar opposite of Nick and has dreams of leaving L.A. for Berkeley when the apocalypse strikes . See more : ` Walking Dead ' Comes to Life : From Comics to the Small Screen The "  Walking Dead " companion -- first announced in September 2013 -- could give AMC a zombie drama in every quarter , given the six-episode freshman season 's summer bow . The flagship , which resumes production in the summer , airs the first half of its season in October and the second half in February . The off-shoot series comes as "  The Walking Dead " evolved to mega-hit status . The zombie drama , overseen by showrunner Scott M. Gimple , ranks as TV 's No. 1 drama series among the advertiser-coveted adults 18-49 demographic . "  We take incredibly seriously the notion of building a satisfying companion series to the No. 1 show on television . From the beginning of ` The Walking Dead ' on AMC , we 've been asked questions about what was going on in other parts of the zombie apocalypse , and what it looked like as the world really did ` turn . ' Through this new series , we 're going to find out , " AMC president Charlie Collier said in making the announcement Monday . "  Robert Kirkman , Dave Erickson and their writing team , along with an incomparable set of producers , cast and crew have created something remarkable and clearly distinct . We respectfully follow the request of ` Monty Python ' as we bring out  the latest of  our Dead . " Read more : ` Walking Dead ' Creator 's Exorcism Drama ` Outcast ' Lands Cinemax Series Order "  We feel empowered by this two-season commitment , a serious show of faith from our network partner AMC , " Kirkman said . "  I personally take it as a sign that they believe , like we do , that we 've accomplished our goal of developing something original that can pay tribute to the original show and expand the world I created while at the same time having something new to say with this story . I 'm very grateful that we now have the opportunity to tell this amazing story and show the fans that we really have n't scratched the surface yet when it comes to ` The Walking Dead . ' " Read more : New ` Tomorrowland ' Trailer Debuts : Alternate Realities and Evil Hugh Laurie AMC Global -- the cabler 's international network , has acquired the international televisions rights to the series , which it will air within 24 hours of the U.S. premiere -- something Fox International Channels does with the flagship series . The new series comes months after AMC opted to focus on original scripted fare and ditched nearly all of its unscripted programming  save for "  Comic Book Men " and "  Talking Dead "  . It joins a roster of dramas including the fifth and final season of "  Hell on Wheels , " "  Halt & Catch Fire , " "  Turn , " "  Better Call Saul "  already renewed for a second season  , "  Badlands "  due in late 2015/early 2016  , "  Humans " and "  Night Manager " as the network looks to its future beyond "  Mad Men . " On the pilot side , the network has Afghanistan drama "  White City " and controversial comics adaptation Preacher in the works . The latter , which recently earned a pilot pickup , is in consideration for 2016 . See more : ` The Walking Dead 's ' Most Shocking Deaths For comics scribe Kirkman -- who oversees Image Comics imprint "  Skybound " -- "  The Walking Dead " companion gives him three scripted shows on cable after his most recent comic-to-TV entry , "  Outcast , " was picked up to series at Cinemax .  He has four total , including "  Talking Dead , " which he exec produces .  Not to be outdone , Kirkman 's Image/Skybound title "  Thief of Thieves " is also in development at AMC with Alpert attached . Kirkman is also attached to executive produce an adaptation of David Schulner 's comic "  Clone " for Universal TV and Syfy .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	A pilot is in the works for a ` The Walking Dead ' spinoff A second season has already been ordered for companion series
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The United States is "  absolutely not " giving Israel a green light to attack Iran , U.S. President Barack Obama told CNN Tuesday . President Obama meets Tuesday with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin near Moscow . "  We have said directly to the Israelis that it is important to try and resolve this in an international setting in a way that does not create major conflict in the Middle East , " Obama said , referring to Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Obama has been in Moscow for a summit aimed at trying to reset the U.S.-Russian relationship . On Sunday , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden appeared to leave the door open for Israel to attack Iran if it saw fit . "  Israel can determine for itself -- it 's a sovereign nation -- what 's in their interest and what they decide to do relative to Iran and anyone else , " Biden said on ABC 's "  This Week . " Obama said Tuesday that Biden had simply been stating a fact , not sending a signal . "  I think Vice President Biden stated a categorical fact , which is we ca n't dictate to other countries what their security interests are . What is also true is that it is the policy of the United States to resolve the issue of Iran 's nuclear capabilities in a peaceful way through diplomatic channels , " he said . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry interview President Obama " The top U.S. military leader , Adm. Mike Mullen , said later on Tuesday that he understands Israel 's position . "  The Israelis see Iran achieving a nuclear capability as an existential threat , and that fact is tied to the rhetoric of the leadership of Iran , which ... has said that they would seek to eliminate Israel , " said Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . His counterparts in the Gulf also understand the Israeli stance , whether or not they agree , Mullen said . "  That gets back to the criticality ... of solving this before Iran gets a nuclear capability , or that anyone ... would take action to strike them . And I think that window is a very narrow window , " he said in a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . He said he hoped diplomacy would resolve the issue . "  I am hopeful that that dialogue is productive . I worry about it a great deal if it 's not , " Mullen said . The State Department took a similar line on Monday . "  Our goal here is to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons . When I say ` our ' it is just not the United States -- it is the international community , " spokesman Ian Kelly said . "  Israel is a sovereign country . We are not going to dictate its actions . We also are committed to Israel 's security and we share Israel 's deep concerns about Iran 's nuclear program . " Asked if this could be interpreted as the United States flashing a green light for Israel to attack Iran 's nuclear sites , Kelly said , "  I certainly would not want to give a green light to any kind of military action . " The Israeli government considers Iran 's nuclear program to be the dominant threat facing the country . CNN White House Correspondent Ed Henry in Moscow and CNN 's Emily Sherman in Washington contributed to this report .	President Obama says U.S. "  absolutely not " giving Israel go-ahead to attack Iran Israel is concerned about Iran 's nuclear ambitions Vice President Biden on Sunday appeared to leave door open for Israel to attack Iran Israel needs to find way not to "  create major conflict in the Middle East , " Obama says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- You would n't know it by looking at her , but at any given moment Dana Poole hurts all over . Dana Poole , left , feels aches all over at any given moment from a condition called fibromyalgia . "  It 's kind of like a burning , but an ache . It 's almost like you have the flu , " said Poole , 31 , a receptionist from Canton , Georgia . Poole is one of almost 6 million Americans who suffer from a chronic condition called fibromyalgia . In addition to widespread pain , patients may complain about fatigue and sleep disturbances , depression , headaches , irritable bowel syndrome and heightened sensitivity . "  Dana is typical of a lot of fibromyalgia patients , " said Dr. Jefrey Lieberman , an Atlanta , Georgia-based rheumatologist . "  She came into my office complaining of a lot of diffuse pain all over her body and fatigue . She really did n't know why she was getting it . " That 's part of the frustration of having fibromyalgia . Experts are n't sure what causes it , but many believe many factors are involved . Some think the condition , which is not progressive or life-threatening , may be triggered by an emotional or traumatic event . Lieberman believed it is related to a disordered sleep pattern and poor exercise . "  It appears to be more of a neuro-chemical process , " he said . "  In other words , there really is no inflammation in patients with fibromyalgia . " Health Minute : More on identifying fibromyalgia " Getting a proper diagnosis can sometimes be just as frustrating as finding out what 's behind the disease . "  Fibromyalgia is to some extent a diagnosis of exclusion , " Lieberman said . "  There are lot of things it can be confused with such as thyroid disorders , metabolic disorders and certain rheumatologic inflammatory conditions . " For almost five years , Poole jumped from doctor to doctor trying to figure out what was causing her symptoms . "  They were constantly saying I 'm a tall , thin female . ` You 're getting older -- your body is going to change , ' and it was frustrating . " Lieberman understood Poole 's frustration . "  Sometimes fibromyalgia is used as a wastebasket term if a patient has pain and they do n't know what it is from , " he said . "  It is frequently misdiagnosed . In fact , it is overdiagnosed and it is underdiagnosed . " Specialists such as Lieberman can make a proper diagnosis based on criteria set by the American College of Rheumatology . "  Those criteria are diffuse pain in three or more quadrants of the body and the presence of what are called tender points in the body , " Lieberman explained . "  There are 18 total tender points , and by definition we like to see 11 of those tender points being present . " It 's estimated that up to 90 percent of patients are women . Most of them start feeling symptoms in early and middle adulthood . Poole remembered that the pain first started when she was 20 . It was n't until she met Lieberman about five years ago that she got some relief . She took part in a drug study for Cymbalta , one of two medications approved for the management of fibromyalgia . The other drug is called Lyrica . "  Both of them are geared toward the patient 's well-being as well as improving their pain , " Lieberman said . He also encouraged Poole to control her condition through a healthy diet , stress reduction , getting enough sleep and regular low-impact exercise . "  We think that aerobic exercise helps to stimulate endorphins and enkephlins from the body which are your own natural pain relievers , " Lieberman said . The doctor is quick to point out that even with proper medication and adequate exercise , fibromyalgia has no cure . Although Lieberman said some of his patients report the symptoms tapering off in their mid-50s and -60 s , others are faced with years of managing the condition . "  For most of my patients , I tell them that I can get you 50 to 75 percent better and many of those patients will jump at that , " he said . Poole is one of them , but knowing that she 'll need to follow a careful daily regimen can be daunting , she said . "  It wears you out , mentally , physically and emotionally . "	Nearly 6 million Americans suffer from a chronic illness called fibromyalgia Symptoms include fatigue , sleep disturbances , depression and headaches Experts are n't sure what causes it ; often misdiagnosed It 's estimated that up to 90 percent of patients are women
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- Facebook is already adept at handling public-relations blunders , but the company is beginning to focus on how it can help with real calamities . About a dozen disaster-relief workers from governments and nonprofit organizations convened this week for a five-hour meeting at Facebook 's offices here in Palo Alto , California , and via teleconference from Washington . While the groups , which included members from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and California Emergency Management Agency , were grateful for the gesture , they were not above taking good-humored jabs at Facebook for its rocky relations with government . "  Thank you so much for inviting us here , " Kelly Huston , a Cal EMA spokesman , said near the end of the assembly . "  I know your interaction with government is n't great because we 're suing you all the time for privacy issues . " Meanwhile , another Facebook privacy debate was stewing during the meeting when Facebook began widening the reach of its facial-recognition feature . European Union regulators will hold an inquiry about the matter , Bloomberg reports . The Tuesday event was Facebook 's first noteworthy collaboration with emergency-response organizations , spokespeople said . Site administrators currently manage a page called Global Disaster Relief on Facebook . It has about 540,000 members , or less than 1 % of Facebook 's total user base -- but still more than the combined Facebook fans for all the groups that attended the meeting . FEMA and the American Red Cross representatives offered occasional insights from Washington . FEMA Administrator William Craig Fugate , who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2009 , met with Facebook in October but was not present at this week 's meeting . "  Discussions like these help us learn from each other about what is working well and what is n't , " Shayne Adamski , a FEMA senior manager who attended the meeting , wrote in an e-mailed statement . For some , the affair was an education seminar , a chance to ask questions to the masters of the platform . Wendy Harman , the social media director for the Red Cross , expressed frustrations with managing Facebook pages . "  It makes me want to cry thinking about making 80,000 instances and updating them into eternity , " she said . Facebook spokespeople were quick to offer suggestions . "  We can play a really important role in educating , " said Dave Steer , who manages Facebook 's trust and safety team . "  This is one of the reasons we convened this kind of forum . " The Red Cross extended an open invitation to Facebook to embed with its disaster-relief team , Harman said . Google , which has more than 20 times as many employees as Facebook , devoted a "  small team " last year to building projects that help provide disaster-related news or organize search efforts for missing people . Tumblr , the blogging platform , has added buttons to its site that encourage bloggers to donate to disaster relief efforts . Facebook was less apt to promise dedicated resources from its 2,000 employees . Steer suggested Facebook could create an internal think tank focused on disaster response . "  How do we leverage some of the minds of the people who work here to tackle the technical problems ? " he asked . Company spokesman Frederic Wolens added : "  Facebook is the platform . " Some were n't fully convinced of Facebook 's dedication to the cause . "  I know that Facebook is a platform , and you want to push that , but going beyond marketing Facebook , " said Heather Blanchard , co-founder of the nonprofit Crisis Commons , "  part of it is about recording history . " "  You have an entire research population hungry for what you know , " she added . Facebook plans to discuss the feedback it received from the organizations over the next few weeks and will determine how best to handle the requests . Tuesday 's agenda included a brainstorming session for a Facebook application dedicated to disaster relief , but the concept was n't discussed at length . Facebook liaisons offered technical guidance and recorded talking points and ideas on whiteboards : one bolted to the wall and the other projected digitally . In the past , Facebook has held similar summits with organizations addressing bullying , suicide and privacy issues . Social media tools have quickly become a mainstay for disaster response in many countries . Twitter saw the third-highest activity on its service after the Japan earthquake in March , a spokesman said . Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's director of partnerships , highlighted "  stuff that happens organically " in response to disasters , such as the page for finding items lost during the Joplin , Missouri , tornado . By highlighting these grassroots programs in addition to promoting those from government and nonprofits , Facebook thinks it can help . "  There 's a thirst for information , " Steer said . "  Now the onus is on us to quench that thirst . "	Facebook organized a meeting of government and nonprofit groups to talk disasters Facebook is considering offering more data or creating an internal think tank Representatives from FEMA and the Red Cross were among those in attendance
CNN  Everybody knows Southern California has a water problem . Andy Lipkis thinks he can help fix it . Lipkis , the founder of the California-based conservation group TreePeople , is n't planning to seed clouds or change Pacific weather patterns . He has a simpler solution : conservation combined with a little old-fashioned technology , like rain barrels , trees and permeable surfaces . "  People think we 're crazy when I say we 're working on building a new water supply that produces as much as half of L.A. 's water from local rainfall . They say , ` that 's great , but it does n't rain here , ' " he said . But even during 2013 , one of the driest years in Los Angeles history , it rained 3.6 inches -- and that meant billions of gallons were washed away and wasted , he says . Lipkis ' organization estimates that the city lost 28 billion gallons of water that year , or 6,500 gallons per L.A. resident . According to the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , the average single-family residential unit uses about 387 gallons per day , or about 130 per person . So that was about seven weeks ' worth , gone . And that was a dry year .  Despite recent rains , 2014 was also fairly dry .  In an average year , Los Angeles receives close to 15 inches . What if more of that water could be harvested instead of washed out to the Pacific ? Along with other organizations , including city and state entities , TreePeople is trying to do just that . Lipkis , who is fond of holding up a glass of water and announcing that he 's drinking "  dinosaur pee , " likes to emphasize that water resources are finite and that nature is water 's best recycler . Several groups have combined on a project that captures rainwater in gutters and lets the overflow get sifted through permeable surfaces , allowing nature to cleanse the runoff . For the Sun Valley Watershed , a part of the San Fernando Valley that routinely floods , the groups retrofitted parts of the area with collection devices , trees and landscaping . For one project , Elmer Avenue , the result was enough water saved yearly to supply 30 households . The city , through its LA Stormwater agency and other departments , is now expanding such initiatives . And along the way it 's become an unlikely model for conservation ; Los Angeles now uses less water than it did in 1970 , despite a surge in population . Other municipalities are following suit . Nearby Orange County has installed a Groundwater Replenishment System that relies on reverse osmosis and microfiltration . In parched Wichita Falls , Texas , authorities have turned to recycling wastewater . Even Seattle -- not known for its dryness -- has adopted a number of conservation practices , says Lipkis . Education and implementation are still a work in progress , he says . There are political and financial considerations at work , he observes , and getting everybody on the same page is a formidable challenge in its own right . But Lipkis believes the payoff is huge , including jobs to create the infrastructure and more long-term water for everyone . "  In the big picture , the state , the regional water boards , the county -- everybody is saying we need multiple approaches to solve the problem , " he said . "  But  the change is well under way . A lot of the fundamentals have been put in place . " And that 's as refreshing as a tall glass of ... you know .	Los Angeles has become an unlikely model for water conservation Despite huge population growth , the city uses less water now than it did in 1970 One group is trying to harness the city 's rainfall instead of letting it wash out to sea
At least 1,900 Hong Kongers took the streets to call for democracy on a sweltering Sunday afternoon , an energetic prelude to Wednesday 's scheduled mass vigil honoring the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown . The protesters , many of whom were students , marched to Hong Kong 's government headquarters shouting "  democracy now " and "  end one-party rule . " A team carried a massive banner demanding Chinese leaders formally acknowledge what happened on June 4th , 1989 , while others carried signs demanding the release of political prisoners such as Nobel Prize-winning dissident Liu Xiaobo . One of the lead marchers was Yvonne Leung , 20 , the president of the Hong Kong University Students Union . "  Personally , my main concern is to end one-party rule in China , because the Communist Party is ruling illegitimately , " she said . "  It does n't have the Chinese 's people 's mandate ... and it is not acceptable . Democracy is a universal value . " Another protester , 21-year-old Vincent Wong , said he was protesting to keep the memory of the Tiananmen victims alive . "  The Tiananmen Square massacre was a mistake , " he said . "  Mistakes can be forgiven , but history can not be forgotten . " Doubts over free speech The former British colony is currently the only place within Chinese territory where large pro-democracy demonstrations are tolerated . Still , many of its residents are worried that the city 's freedoms are steadily eroding . In February , journalists organized a 6,500-person rally decrying what they said were increasing levels of coercion against Hong Kong press . Days after the rally , a prominent Hong Kong news editor known for his hard-hitting coverage of China was stabbed by unidentified assailants . The attack , which is still being investigated , was seen by many local journalists a symbol of the city 's declining press freedom . "  If a respected editor could be attacked in such a blatant and ruthless manner , no one in the news-gathering business is safe , " wrote South China Morning Post columnist Alex Lo . This year , French-based Reporters Without Borders ranked Hong Kong 61st worldwide in press freedom -- a precipitous drop from its 18th place ranking in 2002 . READ MORE : Hong Kong press freedom at all-time low Calls for electoral reform The city is also facing an impending showdown with Beijing over electoral reform . Pan-democrat Hong Kongers want the city 's general population to be able to nominate and elect its next chief executive , but Hong Kong 's pro-Beijing politicians have argued that a small committee should select only candidates who "  love China . " Later this month , a pro-democracy group called Occupy Central plans to hold an unofficial citywide referendum asking Hong Kong 's citizens to vote for their preferred type of electoral reform , a move that has irked the city 's pro-Beijing establishment . If the results show support for public nomination and elections , Occupy Central says it will block traffic in Hong Kong 's crowded downtown to pressure the government to adopt its reforms . A January poll by the non-partisan Hong Kong Transition Project found 38 % of Hong Kongers supported Occupy Central 's proposed civil disobedience , while 54 % opposed it . China 's vice president has warned that such a protest would be "  unlawful " and would "  wreck the stability and prosperity " of the city . For now , hundreds of thousands of Hong Kongers are expected to attend the city 's annual June 4th vigil , where the Communist Party is certain to come under vicious public criticism . More loud protests are guaranteed . What 's less certain is whether Hong Kong will find a political solution .	At least 1,900 Hong Kongers took the streets to call for democracy Marcher : "  My main concern is to end one-party rule in China " Protest foreshadows even larger planned demonstrations
CNN  -- After just one season in charge at Bayern Munich , coach Louis Van Gaal has led the German side to the verge of European supremacy with a place in the Champions League final . The 58-year-old Dutchman will be hoping for his second victory in the tournament which he first won with Amsterdam-based team Ajax back in 1995 , when he goes head-to-head with Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan in Madrid on 22 May . Van Gaal will also be attempting to achieve the historic triple having already taken his team to the Bundesliga title and to victory in the German Cup . Things did n't begin so well for Van Gaal 's opening season at the Munich club though , and after almost crashing out of the Champions League competition following two successive defeats to Bordeaux , many fans would not have expected their team to reach the final stage . Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe ? But many are now praising Van Gaal for turning the clubs fortunes around , and neutrals are widely backing him to finish the job at the Bernabeu on Saturday . Record Van Gaal has won an impressive 18 titles from the four clubs he has managed over the course of his career and some of his greatest achievements arguably come from his time in charge of Ajax in the mid 90 's . Winning three Dutch league and cup titles as well as the UEFA Cup in 1992 and Champions League in 1995 , Ajax were a dominant force under Van Gaal 's reign , providing the majority of players for Holland 's national team . Moving onto Barcelona in 1997 , Van Gaal led the Spanish side to two La Liga titles . He finally left his position at Barca in 2003 after seeing through a brief spell as boss of the national side between 2000-02 . Returning to his home country , Van Gaal went on to manage AZ Alkmaar , a team his steered to the league title in 2009 -- a feat he described as is his "  most beautiful achievement " -- before leaving for Bayern Munich . Personality Declaring himself as self-confident , arrogant , dominant , honest , industrious and innovative , at the press conference where he was unveiled as the club 's new coach , Bayern boss Van Gaal showed he was no slouch at self-assessment . Such is the dedication he brings to his job , Van Gaal famously shut himself away in a German monastery in 2009 to fast track his learning of the new language . However , Van Gaal will undoubtedly always be remembered for his fiery temper which has seen him clash with some of his players in recent times . He famously let rip at Frenchman Franck Ribery who dared to sit down and take his boots of during a training session on a hot day last year and at Italian Luca Toni , who left Bayern for AC Roma shortly after being reprimanded by Van Gaal for falling asleep at a team lunch . But his meticulous and sometimes harsh style of management has also nurtured some major talents of the game . Van Gaal oversaw the fledgling careers of players such as Patrick Kluivert and Edwin Van der Sar at Ajax . Previous clashes Van Gaal has described his meeting with Portuguese Mourinho in the Champions League final as "  God vs The Son of God . " Mourinho was an assistant to Van Gaal during his time at Barcelona in the late 1990 's , and has often described the Dutchman as his mentor . And Van Gaal is full of praise for his former pupil . "  I think I educated him a little . I could immediately see he had an understanding of the game . Jose was very modest back then . It was nice watching his development , to see that he has become such a personality . " It is thought that the pair communicate regularly via text message , but despite being friends they are rivals on the pitch . Tactics Given their history it is unsurprising the two men have a similar approach to the way they manage their football teams . However , Van Gaal has been keen to point out the differences : "  He trains to win . I train to play beautiful football and win . My way is more difficult . " Van Gaal will have a full squad of players to pick from on Saturday , with the exception of Ribery who is suspended following a booking in the previous round . It is expected that Turkey 's Hamit Altinop will replace him in midfield . Fellow Dutchman Arjen Robben is also expected to play a big role in the match , as the forward is as keen as Van Gaal to beat Jose Mourinho , who he used to play under at Chelsea .	Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal is on the verge of leading the German giants to a unique treble 58-year-old Dutchman will be hoping for his second victory in the tournament which he first won with Ajax Van Gaal has won an impressive 18 titles from the four clubs he has managed over the course of his career
When Harry S. Murphy arrived at the University of Mississippi in the fall of 1945 , he was nervous . He landed at Ole Miss by way of the Navy 's V-12 program , a wartime measure that allowed young men to take college classes , receive naval training and preparation to become officers . Murphy was black , but university officials did not know that . He had a white complexion and wavy brown hair . A military official checked the "  W " box for white when Murphy enlisted in the Navy . This official unwittingly set Murphy on an entirely new path . Murphy explained that he had no intention to "  pass , " and once at Ole Miss in Oxford , no one inquired about his race . "  I guess they just assumed I was white , " Murphy said . If no one asked , why tell ? Passing -- the choice to leave behind a black racial identity and present oneself as white -- allowed many African-Americans to navigate a racist society . In today 's multiracial America , the decision to pass may seem unnecessary and unwarranted . But historically , erasing one 's black identity was one of a limited number of avenues available to light-skinned African-Americans to secure a better life in the era of legalized segregation . Those who passed often reaped financial rewards , gained social privileges and enjoyed the fun of "  getting over " by playing a practical joke on unsuspecting whites and winning a clandestine war against Jim Crow America . Murphy settled into campus life with ease . He was accepted as "  just another student . " He wore the college 's colors as a member of the track team , made close friends with white students , danced with and dated white women and ate at local restaurants without incident . He was active on campus . Described by one classmate as "  arrogant " and "  a loud talker , " he even participated in a protest against Sen. Theodore Bilbo , the fanatical segregationist , when he spoke at Ole Miss while Murphy was on campus . When the military ended the V-12 program , Murphy transferred to Morehouse College in his hometown of Atlanta . University officials at Ole Miss never questioned why one of their ostensibly white students had made plans to attend a historically black college . Murphy 's white skin functioned as a cloak and allowed him to pass as white at the University of Mississippi . But when James Meredith , another black student , attempted to integrate Ole Miss in 1962 , it ignited widespread riots across the campus . Ole Miss prided itself on 114 years as a lily-white institution . Murphy observed the violent resistance to integration and declared , "  they 're fighting a battle they do n't know they lost years ago . " Once at Morehouse , Murphy returned to life as a black man . He later entered the printing business and moved to New York . Harry S. Murphy told his story to the press and gave readers a rare and intimate look at the lived experience of passing . But he was not the only African-American enlisted man whose military records identified him as "  white " or "  Caucasian . " This type of temporary passing flourished during the Jim Crow era . Murphy 's story appears to be one of levity and laughter , of exposing the absurdity of racial categories , and poking fun at erroneous beliefs in racial purity and white supremacy . But his story ends in tragedy . Murphy committed suicide at 63 in New York in 1991 . We will never know why he took his own life . There is no evidence to link Murphy 's death to any conflict that he may have had about his racial identity . But still , his suicide leads us to wonder about the personal and psychological losses , in addition to the gains , associated with passing . The history of passing offers a richer understanding of lives lived along the color line . But this history is never complete . It remains shadowy and blurred . Was there ever a time people assumed you were something that you were not ? Share your experiences in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Harry S. Murphy attended the University of Mississippi in 1945-46 Murphy "  passed " -- he was black , but people thought he was white More than 15 years years later , racial integration drew huge protest at Ole Miss The history of passing remains shadowy , but offers lessons , Allyson Hobbs writes
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan will review and possibly cut financial aid to China , in light of Beijing 's growing economic power , the nation 's foreign ministry said Friday . "  With China overtaking Japan in terms of gross domestic product , it is completely inconceivable for Japan , which has been outranked , to increase its ODA  official development assistance  , " said Japan 's foreign minister , Seiji Maehara , on the floor of the parliament Friday . Last year , China overtook Japan as the world 's second largest economy . Maehara also said he has instructed the ministry to conduct an official review of Japan 's ODA policy for other countries , in light of Japan 's economic challenges . The Democratic Party of Japan , the nation 's ruling party , has been under increasing pressure to cut the country 's spending deficit . Japan has the developed world 's highest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio , nearing 200 % . GDP is a broad measure of a nation 's economic output . The government is also struggling with a dwindling worker and tax base , as Japan ages faster than any other country in the world , because of its long lifespan and low birth rate . Tokyo started extending aid to China in 1979 , but stopped fresh loans in 2007 . Japanese loans to China during the 2008 fiscal year totaled 3.32 trillion yen or about US $ 40.5 billion , according to Tokyo . From CNN 's Kyung Lah	China overtook Japan as the world 's second largest economy last year Japan has the developed world 's highest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio The nation 's ruling party has been under increasing pressure to cut the country 's spending deficit
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- A man who killed five people and himself in a gun and grenade attack in Belgium feared going back to prison and losing the life he had built , his lawyer said Thursday . The attack on a crowded market square in Liege Tuesday by Nourdine Amrani , which also left at least 130 people wounded , shocked the nation . His defense lawyer in Liege , Jean-Francois Dister , told CNN Amrani had called him late Monday and early Tuesday after the police called him in for interview Tuesday afternoon over a sexual assault case . "  It was n't so much life in prison that bothered him -- he 'd served time already -- but it was he 'd rebuilt his life on the outside , and he was worried about losing all this , " Dister said . The lawyer said he was stunned when he heard later that day that Amrani , whom he had known for two-and-a-half years , was responsible for the grenade attack . "  It 's very shocking . I do n't understand the reason why he did this , and I think I will probably never understand , " he said . Nonetheless , Dister 's comments give the first real insight into what might have motivated Amrani to go on a rampage that targeted people waiting at a bus stop by a busy Christmas market . After the attack , police also found a dead woman in a residence next to a workshop where Amrani once grew marijuana , a local police spokesman said Wednesday . Amrani had previously served time in prison for rape and drug trafficking offenses , his lawyer said . He was released last year . Dister said Amrani was also convicted on weapons charges in 2008 but later acquitted . Liege authorities have not said he was cleared on those counts . Liege prosecutor Danielle Reynders told CNN Wednesday that the police interview involved a sexual assault case , rather than a rumored rape allegation . "  Because Amrani was convicted of rape in 2003 , police obviously regarded him as a person of interest , " Dister said . Dister said his client , who had a Belgian partner whom Dister had met several times , feared losing everything . "  He was someone that was integrated into society . He felt Belgian . I 'm not sure if he was a practicing Muslim but he knew about his culture and his roots , " Dister said . "  When things were going well for him he was very pleasant and good-natured . I never had problems with him . But , that said , sometimes when legal proceedings were dragging on , or he was accused of things he claimed  he  was not responsible for he could become annoyed and agitated -- but it was in words only . " Dister said Amrani did not to his knowledge take drugs and had not been charged with drugs use . Authorities will conduct an autopsy in part to see whether Amrani was under the influence of drugs during the attack , said a senior Belgian security source who has been briefed on the investigation but did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media . It is not yet clear how Amrani , who Reynders said was a Brussels-born Belgian citizen of Moroccan descent , obtained the pistol , semi-automatic rifle and three grenades he used in the attack . Katrin Delcourt , a spokeswoman for the provincial governor 's office , described Amrani Wednesday as having significant gunsmith and firearms skills . For a period up to 2008 , he held a French hunting license under which he bought at least one weapon , she said , but that license was revoked as a result of the police investigation that led to his conviction on arms and drugs trafficking offenses in 2008 . The weapons he owned then were destroyed and police are continuing to investigate whether the arms used in Tuesday 's attack were bought on the black market , Delcourt said . One of the weapons he had , a light automatic rifle , is a standard weapon in the Belgian army , she said . Amrani left no explanation for his actions , investigators have said .	Amrani 's lawyer says his client feared losing the life he had rebuilt after a past prison term Lawyer Jean-Francois Dister spoke to the gunman shortly before he went on a rampage The attack in Liege left five people and the gunman dead , as well as at least 130 wounded Nourdine Amrani had been called to an interview with police over a sex assault case
CNN  -- A fireplace is n't just a spot to keep logs and kindling . According to decorators and design enthusiasts , it 's where you put your heart on display . Of course , in decorator speak , a fireplace serves as a design focal point , something you can use as a jumping-off point for furniture placement and accessories . It adds "  charm " to any room . But in practical terms , what you choose to display on a mantel is something that will be seen -- and seen as important . Often coveted as a must-have detail for home buyers , fireplaces -- and mantels in particular -- evoke a specific feeling of tradition and comfort , decorator Emily Clark said . "  I think they represent the coziness and warmth that we envision when we think of what ` home ' should be , " she said . It does n't matter whether the fireplace is regularly used , she said , noting that the climate around her North Carolina home does n't always provide the opportunity for a roaring fire . Holly Modica of House by Holly said the time her family spends around their fireplace makes the cold , snowy days in Connecticut easier to bear . When hurricanes and recent record-breaking snowstorms caused power outages , their fireplace delivered . "  There is something so cozy about sitting by the fireplace and enjoying the moment , " she said . But what if it 's not cold ? There 's little reason to use a fireplace in the middle of a sweltering summer , but that wo n't stop decorators from giving their mantels the summertime treatment . Many decorators who contributed to this week 's Open House assignment confessed to switching out their mantel decor often , at least once per season . Open House : No matchy-matchy in the bedroom , please Light , bright and simple are the go-to decor philosophies for summer mantels . Fresh garden clippings in simple containers , seashells , driftwood , outdoor lanterns and cool shades of green and blue help keep the mind on beach vacations and lazy days . Thoughts of home "  There is absolutely something nostalgic and magical about a fireplace , " said Run to Radiance blogger Tania Griffis . "  While they are n't exactly a necessary thing to have these days , they represent a time period and a way of life where things were a little slower and more traditional . " She and her husband love their fireplace so much that they stared a Christmas tradition of pulling a mattress into the living room and sleeping nearby on Christmas Eve . Sometimes , as in Julia Konya 's case , the memories associated with mantels are more literal . "  To me , a fireplace is a symbol of my childhood in Germany , " she said . "  My family still has the same very traditional wood-burning fireplace from when I was growing up . It has a beautiful heavy stone mantel and is surrounded by a huge built-in library wall . "  We spent every winter and holiday around that fireplace , " Konya said . "  While people in other homes used to put their family photos and knickknacks on their mantels , my mother never decorated like that . My mother always kept it simple and only displayed a few pieces of her inherited silver . " And that 's a tradition Konya carries on , as seen on her blog Cuckoo4Design . There 's just something special about fireplaces , Anisa Darnell of Milk and Honey Home said . Aside from hanging stockings from the mantle during the winter holidays and lighting fires in the box for cold weather ambiance , "  we take all of our big family photos in front of ours , " she said . Open House : Steps to a decorated staircase Application of tchotchkes For decorating purposes , a mantel is essentially a shelf . But it 's not usually very deep , and there 's no right or wrong way to decorate it . And that can stymie the best-laid decorating plans . Although mounting a flat-screen television above a fireplace is one modern solution to the "  focal point " part of the decorating equation , it 's also the part of a room where modern decorators feel comfortable about "  breaking the rules , " said Elizabeth Baumgartner of The Little Black Door . Memories of mantels cluttered with formal portraits , holiday cards and the urns of loved ones have given way to the idea of a mantel being a piece of art , she said : "  I love that people are reclaiming it and making it their own . " "  A mantel is a great way to showcase what is meaningful and beautiful to you , " said Corrie Moore , the owner of Little House on the Update . "  People are using mantels as more of a showpiece now . Before , it was just a shelf to set things on . " "  They also tell a story , " Modica said . "  You can easily change your decorations out for every season and display things that you really love . It could be as simple as one or two things or as many as you want . It 's your story . " Open House : Are you brave enough to decorate boldly in the foyer ? Stories large and small As staircase pictures walls and gallery-style picture hanging continue to gain popularity , the mantel is now the place for decorative items . "  Scale is an important challenge when decorating a mantel , " Modica said . "  Finding that perfect big item may take some time . An oil painting , a mirror or just an interesting empty antique frame are all good options . " Smaller items resting on the mantel help balance out the bigger items . But sometimes those smaller items get tricky , said Stephanie Zell of Atlanta . Her home has a double-sided fireplace , with one side facing the living room and the other her bedroom . "  The biggest challenge for me is trying to edit the items on the mantel , " she said . "  Sometimes I can go overboard and find too many things I want to stick on it ,  and they  do n't necessarily go together . " Baumgartner sticks to arranging items in groups of odd numbers , making sure the items share a similar color or shape . "  I think the biggest challenge is knowing how much is enough , " she said . "  Be sure to include some negative , or empty , space to make it more pleasing to the eye . " Or , you can run with that space , like Holly Browning of Down to Earth Style does . "  Nothing is wrong with a very simple mantel , so if you do n't think you got it right , keep it sparse , " she said . "  It 's  a much better choice than adding clutter . " Are you obsessed with decorating your house ? Show us your skills at CNN 's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week 's story . Our next focus : Backyard patios and decks .	Whether winter or summer , mantels are a focal point for any room Decorators : Combine large and small art and tchotchkes to tell a story Share your patio and deck ideas in the next CNN Open House iReport assignment
CNN  -- Despite the rise of the Web and its freewheeling second-by-second ferment , government efforts at control and censorship remain rife across the Middle East and North Africa , a new report said Thursday . "  In the Middle East and North Africa , the Internet has offered many people access to information and the outside world that would have been unimaginable a few years ago , " according to the International Press Institute 's latest report : the IPI Press Review 2009 Focus on the Middle East and North Africa . "  However , government control of the media remains tight in almost all -LSB- Middle East and North Africa -RSB- countries , and censorship and self-censorship are prevalent throughout the region . " The Internet has emerged as a challenge to officialdom and its pronouncements and reaction from activists . Journalists say government efforts to stem the flow of information are futile . Communication on the popular social media sites , where people are attempting to elude the strictures of their governments , is playing a cat-and-mouse game with widespread independent reporting in places like Iran and Egypt . But , said Anthony Mills , managing editor of the World Press Freedom Review based in Vienna , Austria , "  Overall , things are getting worse . " In Iran , authorities cracked down on journalists after protests surfaced when President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner in the June 12 presidential election , a victory that many in Iran say was fixed . "  Dozens of journalists have been detained without trial , and several sentenced to long prison sentences , " the report said . "  As demonstrators took to the streets , a news blackout was imposed on the foreign media . And yet , through social media networks like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter , news of a violent government crackdown seeped out . " With the rise of the Internet , censorship efforts have emerged in Iran and other places across the region . Iran "  also cracked down on online media following the disputed June elections , and arrested online activists in an effort to stop the spread of dissenting information and opinions , " according to the report . Egypt , for example , uses a law designed to combat terror for arresting and detaining bloggers . But Abdul Rahman al-Rashed , general manager of the TV network Al-Arabiya , said the resistance to the flood of Internet information from government and other sectors of society is like trying to stop the Nile River from flowing . They ca n't halt it . "  A lot of information is getting through to the average person , in Cairo , in Jeddah and Dubai . Censorship will not stop the free flow of information , in my opinion , " he said . Al-Rashed said the business needs of the telecommunications companies , the integral role the Internet plays in business , and the demand from citizens ca n't be thwarted . He said there might be remote regions where censorship can work because there is n't access to the Internet in such places . Octavia Nasr , CNN senior editor for the Middle East who monitors social media sites , said young people are boldly circumventing the official media censorship across the Middle East with Twitter , Facebook and alternatives . "  People are taking matters into their own hands , " Nasr said . "  Traditional media is not necessarily a driving force . " Azza Matar , translator at the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information in Cairo , Egypt , said governments want the Arab world to use the Internet for fun and not interfere with government and serious issues , but people are circumventing the officials with new media . "  We 're trying to express ourselves and expose the lies , " she said . People from different countries prefer different kinds of new media , she said . As for Iranians , who are gearing up for a day of protests Thursday against the regime on the Islamic Revolution 's anniversary , she said Iranians prefer Twitter because it ca n't be blocked and "  is faster than blogs in conveying messages for masses . " Neziha Rejiba , vice president of the Tunis-based Observatory for the Freedom of Press , Publishing and Creation and editor at Kalima Radio , said that theoretically , the whole world is getting its information online , but in the Middle East , censorship remains a reality , with cyberpolice blocking sites or even , as in the case of Syria , the Internet itself . There is a dynamic in the Middle East between censorship and self-censorship . "  When journalists sit down to write a piece , they have to keep in mind the reaction to what they 're writing . They 're either scared of sanctions or revenge . " Bahrain 's Foreign Minister Khalid Al Khalifa said the Internet "  has revolutionized the world " and "  has helped foster creativity , innovation and freedom . " There have been complaints there about the recent blocking of Web sites in Bahrain . While Al Khalifa said regulating different kinds of censorship internationally is impractical , he said in the Middle East , censorship takes forms he has mixed feelings about . "  Censorship can be taken too far to silence dissent and opposing views , but it can also be used as a tool to prevent potentially destructive and damaging ideas and behavior . There is increasing concern about harmful content on the Internet from violence , inciting racial hatred and terrorist activity , to sexual content and pornography , which justifies censorship on moral grounds , " Al Khalifa said . As for other aspects of the Middle East and its media , the report reveals several relative silver linings when it comes to press freedom : the environment in Lebanon , Israel and the United Arab Emirates . Lebanon has a "  far and more diverse and vibrant media than any other Arab country , " but the institute found that "  most of Lebanon 's media outlets are unduly influenced in their journalism content by powerful political figures to whom they are financially and politically beholden . " Mills said the media in Lebanon can be characterized as "  partly free " because there 's a lot they do n't talk about , such as criticism of military intelligence and the head of state , for example . According to the report , "  Israel has one of the most open media environments in the Middle East " for Israeli journalists with a wide range of opinions and commentary . At the same time , Israeli security policy prevents Israeli journalists from traveling into the Palestinian territories without special permission , and Palestinian journalists are prevented from entering Israel . The report said both Israeli soldiers and Palestinian security forces interfere with the work of Palestinian journalists , and that journalists in Gaza have to resort to self-censorship . Freedom of speech and press in the United Arab Emirates gets "  some of the highest marks in the Arab world , " but it "  still has a long way to go . " The report cited a "  number of taboo topics that journalists in the United Arab Emirates are not supposed to touch and indeed , most of the media do not , " such as criticism of the ruling family . Across the Middle East , criticism of royal families and words perceived as insults to Islam have been criminalized . In Iraq , violence there has dropped and so has the number of journalists ' deaths , but "  the U.S. military continues to imprison journalists without charge " and local security forces have been responsible for beating journalists . There is concern about the rise of proposed legislation stifling media freedom . In Syria , which has "  one of the world 's worst records on media freedom , " the media outlets are owned or controlled by the government . Political unrest elsewhere , the report said , is accompanied by media crackdowns , such as in Yemen , where there has been an insurgency in the north and civil unrest in the south . Elections in Algeria and Tunisia have also led to press freedom violations . Governments have controlled "  moral content " as well , the report said . "  In Saudi Arabia , several people involved in the production of a television show about sexual attitudes were sentenced to flogging and jail terms . In Sudan , journalist Lubna Hussein was sentenced to a flogging for wearing trousers . Following international uproar , the punishment was reduced to a fine , which was then paid by a pro-government journalists ' association . "	International Press Institute 's latest report notes rise of Web as news tool Governments seek to control news , sometimes by jailing journalists , report says News still gets out via Internet , social media , despite governments ' efforts
Iraqi lawmakers elected a Sunni politician as Parliament speaker Tuesday , finally taking a step to form a new government after two weeks of deadlock while the country faces a powerful Islamist militant insurgency . Lawmakers elected Salim al-Jabouri , the head of a Sunni coalition , as speaker of Iraq 's Council of Representatives . The Iraqi Constitution mandates that the job go to a Sunni Muslim . The body also elected two deputy speakers . MAPS : Understanding the Iraq crisis Al-Jabouri announced that lawmakers are accepting nominations for president , saying that there are three days to nominate and then the body will reconvene . The president must be Kurdish and the prime minister a Shiite . The body had convened July 1 to elect a new speaker , but the session quickly descended into bickering between members of different parties and had to be rescheduled for July 8 . That session was delayed , and more arguing erupted . Under the constitution , the Parliament has 75 days from when it convenes to pick a prime minister . While lawmakers are under pressure to act quickly , the political body has had trouble moving swiftly in the past . The last time Parliament met to pick a prime minister , it took nearly 10 months . The quagmire persists even as fighters with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS -- a Sunni-dominated al Qaeda splinter group -- have overtaken large swaths of Iraq and Syria . The militants want to establish an Islamic state spanning both countries . President Barack Obama has authorized 300 military advisers in Iraq , 210 of which are there now . Secretary of State John Kerry issued a statement of congratulation to Iraq for electing a speaker and deputy speakers . "  The election of a speaker is the first step in the critical process of forming a new government that can take into account the rights , aspirations , and legitimate concerns of all Iraq 's communities , " the statement read . "  We urge Iraq 's leaders to follow this achievement with rapid formation of a new government pursuant to Iraq 's constitutional timelines . " The statement urged the international community to support Iraq 's "  democrative political process , " adding that the "  stakes of Ira 's future " depend on its leaders to work together and stand against ISIS . Obama has ordered an assessment of Iraqi security forces , which was given Monday to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , a Pentagon spokesman said . Pentagon officials will review the report that evaluates the capabilities , training , morale , leadership and command and control of Iraqi forces and then hand it to the President and give Obama their recommendations for the best next steps in supporting Iraq . Many Iraqi troops abandoned their posts and fled when faced with attacks from ISIS . Two U.S. officials told CNN this week that the administration is concerned about the overwhelming sectarianism among members of Iraq 's security forces . American commanders are concerned if the United States moves into a direct advisory role of Iraqi government forces , it will be perceived as taking sides with the Iranian-backed Shiite elements inside Iraqi units . In Syria , ISIS continues to gain ground . As of Monday , the group controlled about 95 % of the eastern province of Deir Ezzor , which borders Iraq , according to the UK-based opposition group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Exclusive : Harrowing tales from the front line Signs of war : Life amid Iraqi conflict 34 killed in militants ' raid on reputed brothel in Baghdad	Iraq elects a Sunni politician as Parliament speaker It marks first real step to form new government after lawmakers convened , failed to make a move Iraq is facing a powerful insurgency from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria Secretary of State John Kerry issues congratulations to Iraq
CNN  -- May 25 , National Missing Children 's Day , is a day on which we honor and remember missing children . This date was chosen specifically because it is the date in 1979 when 6-year-old Etan Patz went missing on his way to school in New York . The Patz case has resurfaced as a result of some potential new leads and an arrest that hopefully will result in the case finally being solved . I have the greatest respect and empathy for the parents of Etan , who are going through what is clearly one of the greatest nightmares any parent can experience -- never again seeing and not knowing what happened to one 's own child . Just as the Lindbergh case in the 1930s became a landmark case for increased national awareness concerning ransom kidnapping , the Patz case became a landmark case for increased national awareness concerning "  stranger abduction . " Each of these cases played a major role in creating laws , but they also fueled some confusing stereotypes . When I joined the FBI in 1970 and someone talked about child abduction , you immediately assumed it was a ransom-motivated case . In less than 20 years , the attitude drastically changed to almost immediately assuming any child abduction involved a sexual predator . Either assumption is obviously not always correct . Because of his young age and other case factors , it can be reasonably assumed that Etan was most likely abducted . However , children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons  e.g. , runaway , lost or injured , benign episode , family abduction  other than nonfamily abduction . Children can also be abducted by nonfamily members for a variety of reasons  e.g. , to solve a personal problem , ransom/profit , to kill , miscellaneous criminal activity , political  other than sexual gratification . Most missing children are not abducted and most abducted children are not missing . The typical child abduction is a relatively brief event in which the child is usually returned before anyone had time to note the child was missing . The best research data we have indicate that only a very small percentage of missing children were abducted by a nonfamily member . Of these cases , most of the abducted children were teenagers . And of the nonfamily-abducted children , almost all of them were returned alive and relatively uninjured a short time later . Understanding that the terms missing and abducted are not synonymous and interchangeable is important in awareness and prevention efforts . In addition , sexually motivated nonfamily abduction is probably the only aspect of sexual victimization of children that people think occurs more often than it actually does . People tend to underestimate the likelihood that a family member or trusted acquaintance will sexually victimize their child , but overestimate the likelihood of stranger abduction . I am aware of no research that indicates that children today are any more likely to be abducted by sexual predators than they were 50 years ago . Many adults love to reminisce about an idealistic childhood during which they did not lock their doors and could play outside with no fear of abduction , but believe that today they can not let their children out of their sight . However , nonfamily members abduct less than a few hundred children each year in a manner that fits our stereotypical image of an abducted and missing child . The danger of sexual victimization of children comes predominantly from family members and acquaintances , not strangers . On this important day , we should remember the reality of missing children such as Etan Patz , but not at the expense of ignoring or misunderstanding other types of victimization of our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenneth V. Lanning .	May 25 is National Missing Children 's Day , chosen because of Etan Patz Kenneth Lanning : Children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons He says most missing children are not abducted , most abducted children are not missing Lanning : Awareness about missing vs. abducted children will help prevention efforts
Rolling Stone  -- There 's a promising premise on the boil here . What if Edgar Allan Poe  1809-1849  spent the last days of his life trying to nab a serial killer who 's been using macabre ideas from Poe 's short stories to off his victims ? "  The Pit and the Pendulum , " anyone ? OK , "  The Raven " sounds like a TV series that gets canceled soon after its debut . But it has compensations , chief of which is John Cusack , who plays Poe with just the right blend of romantic longing and tortuous doubt . Director James McTeigue  "  V for Vendetta "  , an assistant to the Wachowski brothers on "  The Matrix , " pulls us in with the period atmosphere . A few days before his death , Poe was found on a park bench in Baltimore , babbling incoherently . So much for truth . Booze and syphilis reportedly contributed to Poe 's demise . But the script , by Ben Livingston and Hannah Shakespeare , posits that he 's been poisoned by a crazed fan who adores and loathes him in equal measure . Cue the flashbacks and a feeble fictional story about how Poe 's heiress fiancee , Emily Hamilton  Alice Eve  , gets interred alive  "  The Premature Burial "  and Poe labors to help police detective Emmett Fields  Luke Evans  find Emily before her breath runs nevermore . None of this huggermugger generates much excitement . What drew me into the film most was the depiction of Poe 's life as an impoverished poet , trying to make a few bucks by composing detective fiction while fiercely criticizing the work of other writers . In one scene , the anguished Poe wagers that at least one person in a pub will recognize him as an author , best known for "  The Raven . " Cusack captures that desperation vividly enough to make you wish this was the real Poe story , which "  The Raven " onscreen leaves buried alive . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	John Cusack plays Edgar Allan Poe in "  The Raven " Peter Travers : Cusack , who plays Poe with just the right blend of romantic longing and tortuous doubt Travers : Cusack captures that desperation vividly enough
CNN  -- Kanye West faces charges of battery and attempted theft in an altercation with a photographer at Los Angeles International Airport , the city attorney 's office said Friday . On July 19 , a man flagged down police and said he was taking photos of an "  individual " -- as airport police described the suspect in a report at the time -- when the suspect attacked him . The photographer was taken to a hospital , but his injuries were not specified , airport police said at the time . A representative for West did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Rob Wilcox , spokesman for the city attorney 's office , said each of the two charges carries a maximum sentence of six months in jail . Arraignment is scheduled for October 10 . The rapper is scheduled to start a North American tour to promote his new album , "  Yeezus , " in Seattle on October 19 . K.J. Mathews and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Photographer reportedly attacked at LA airport July 19 Kanye West is charged Arraignment is scheduled for October 10 West to kick off tour in Seattle on October 19
Beijing and Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- China state media said Google 's decision to quit censoring its China Web site "  violated its written promise " and was "  totally wrong . " In the chess game between Beijing and Google , Google has redirected all search traffic from mainland China to Google 's Hong Kong site , google.com.hk rather than pulling out of China . Although Hong Kong , a former British colony , was handed over to Beijing in 1997 , the region operates with some autonomy and has a free press . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs weighed in on Tuesday , saying Google 's moves wo n't impact Sino-U.S. relations -- despite a raft of editorials in state media over the weekend lambasting Google and accusing the company of having close ties to the Obama administration . China state media step up rhetoric against Google "  The Google incident is just an individual action taken by one company -- I ca n't see its impact on Sino-U.S. relations unless someone wants to politicize it , " said Qin Gang , ministry spokesperson . "  I can not see its impact on China 's international image unless someone wants to make an issue of it , " Qin added . "  It is not China that has undermined its image but rather it is the Google company itself . " The government would n't comment whether Google 's actions were legal or if the government planned further action . The next move may be for China to block access to Google.cn -- as it has done for Web sites like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter . Google quits censoring search in China "  We very much hope that the Chinese government respects our decision , though we are well aware that it could at any time block access to our services , " David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer , wrote in a statement posted on the company 's official blog . As of 9:30 p.m. ET , Google users in China could still access Google.cn but results on politically sensitive search terms , such as "  Tiananmen Square massacre " or the outlawed religious group "  Falun Gong , " were being blocked when searched from Beijing -- suggesting that although Google is no longer self censoring , China state censors of "  the Great Firewall " may be . Google-China move hurts businesses , academics A similar search in Hong Kong , however , successfully loads searches for controversial terms . Google indicated yesterday in a blog post that using the Hong Kong site could be patchy or slow due to so much traffic being redirected to its servers there . Google made the announcement on its Web site at 3:03 a.m. local Beijing time  3:03 p.m. ET  . China Daily , a state-run media organization , responded with a story four hours later quoting an unnamed official from the Internet bureau under the State Council Information Office . "  Google has violated its written promise it made when entering the Chinese market by stopping filtering its searching service and blaming China in insinuation for alleged hacker attacks , " said the official . "  This is totally wrong . We 're uncompromisingly opposed to the politicization of commercial issues , and express our discontent and indignation to Google for its unreasonable accusations and conducts , " the official said . Instead of shuttering its operations in China , Google plans to continue operating there . "  We intend to continue R&D work in China and also to maintain a sales presence there , though the size of the sales team will obviously be partially dependent on the ability of mainland Chinese users to access Google.com.hk , " wrote Drummond of Google . The company on Monday also launched a dashboard page , which it promises to update regularly each day , that will show which Google services are available in China . According to the page , YouTube , Google Sites and Google 's Blogger apps were blocked , with some others partially blocked , such as Picasa . Kevin Voigt reported from Hong Kong and Lara Farrar reported from Beijing .	NEW : China 's foreign ministry says move wo n't impact Sino-U.S. relations Google says it will stop censoring search results in China China Daily quotes official : Move "  totally wrong " Google.cn users will be re-routed to an uncensored site in Hong Kong
Washington  CNN  -- Before President Obama says a word during his Tuesday Oval Office address , the backdrop will make a statement for him : that he is the decider . Obama is set to give his second Oval Office address , a speech meant to mark the end of combat missions in Iraq . But besides the remarks he will make , the setting of his speech will convey something , too . "  The Oval Office invokes the center of the presidential authority . That 's the president 's office , that 's where he supposedly makes decisions , where he governs , " says presidential historian Robert Dallek . " -LSB- When -RSB- a talk to the nation is given from that office , -LSB- it -RSB- is underscoring his executive powers , his leadership . " The Oval Office symbolizes power , command , and authority , Dallek said . It shows the president , "  as George W. Bush put it , is the ` decider ' " and that symbolism is important . For example , former President George H.W. Bush announced the start of the first Gulf war from the Oval Office , telling Americans and the world that he was the commander in chief just by setting the scene in the Oval Office . And on the night of the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , former President George W. Bush spoke to the American people from the Oval Office , to show he was in command and to reassure the nation . Dallek points out the differences between giving a speech in the Oval Office versus a speech in a different venue . For example , Obama 's speech in front of the joint session of Congress a year ago conveyed his desire to get Congress to act on health care reform . "  A joint session of Congress has a different function , " Dallek said . A speech in front of both the Senate and House shows the president is "  trying to convince Congress to join with him . " When Obama addressed both chambers in September 2009 , the health care debate was still waging . He called for bipartisan proposals to address health care reform and focused attention on the issue , on Congress and on the presidency . An Oval Office address is different . The prime-time address focuses the attention singularly on the subject matter . "  Presidents do n't give speeches from the Oval Office casually , " Dallek said . "  It 's given with forethought and consideration . So the fact that he 's giving the current speech about the end of America 's combat role in Iraq is something that he wishes to emphasize and underscore and in a sense I think it 's a demonstration of his completion of his mission or fulfillment of a commitment that he made . " Because of the singular focus on the subject matter during Obama 's Tuesday evening address , Obama will have to navigate the tricky road of marking the end of a war he did not support and honoring the lives of all the Americans killed in the war , Dallek said . Obama must use a "  certain amount of domestic diplomacy to bring the war to a close ; you do n't just end the war and say it 's a mistake . It 's unpalatable because of all the deaths , " Dallek said . So Obama must do it in a way that is "  politically palatable to the American public -- that is at the heart " of his address Tuesday , Dallek said . The Oval Office will also help convey a sense of intimacy of the message . Since former President Jimmy Carter , each president has delivered his farewell address from that room , using the office of the presidency to say goodbye to the American public . President Reagan used the intimate space to comfort the public after space shuttle Challenger exploded in 1986 . President Johnson used the room in 1968 to tell Americans he would not seek re-election and President Nixon gave several speeches regarding the Watergate scandal , including his decision to resign from the presidency in the wake of Watergate in 1974 . Obama 's other Oval Office address was two months ago to address the nation about the Gulf oil disaster . And who does the presidential historian think was most successful at intimate talks to the American people ? Franklin Roosevelt 's fireside addresses -- although there were no televisions at the time , these radio talks were effective in boosting the country 's confidence .	Obama to give Oval Office address on end of combat mission in Iraq Presidents do n't give speeches from the Oval Office casually , says historian Obama 's other Oval Office address was two months ago
CNN  -- An Illinois sheriff filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the owners of craigslist , accusing the popular national classified-ad Web site of knowingly promoting prostitution . "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " says Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart . Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart wants craigslist to eliminate its Erotic Services section . "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " Dart said . "  Missing children , runaways , abused women and women trafficked in from foreign countries are routinely forced to have sex with strangers because they 're being pimped on craigslist . " The FBI found more than 2,800 child prostitution ads posted on craigslist , with Chicago , Illinois , in the top 10 cities for juvenile prostitution , Dart said . The sheriff also noted instances of what he said was child neglect while parents were engaged in activity solicited on the Web site . In an e-mailed statement , craigslist told CNN it had not seen Dart 's complaint but that "  craigslist is an extremely unwise choice for those intent on committing crimes , since criminals inevitably leave an electronic trail to themselves that law enforcement officers will follow . " "  On a daily basis , we are being of direct assistance to police departments and federal authorities nationwide , " spokeswoman Susan McTavish said . "  Misuse of craigslist to facilitate criminal activity is unacceptable , and we continue to work diligently to prevent it , " she said . "  Misuse of the site is exceptionally rare compared to how much the site is used for legal purposes . Regardless , any misuse of the site is not tolerated on craigslist . " But Dart said that the Web site for two years has ignored his written requests to shut down the Erotic Services section and failed to take action or adequately monitor the section despite hundreds of arrests . "  Pimps are preying on the most vulnerable members of our society and taking advantage of our struggling economy , " he said . "  The worst part is craigslist 's owners know their Web site is still being used for illegal purposes and they 're doing nothing to stop it . " Craigslist entered into an agreement with 43 states ' attorneys general in November to enact measures that impose restrictions on its Erotic Services section . The agreement called for the Web site to implement a phone verification system for listings that required ad posters to provide a real telephone number that would be called before the ad went public . Craigslist also imposed listing fees , requiring a credit card , for ads in the section . The proceeds were to be donated to charity . Dart called the fees "  dirty money " and said the move was a "  publicity stunt " that had little practical effect because pimps use stolen credit cards or post ads in free sections .	Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart wants craigslist to cut Erotic Services section Dart said that the Web site for 2 years ignored his requests to cut section "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " says Dart We help police fight illegal activity "  on a daily basis , " says craigslist spokeswoman
CNN  -- The past few days have been difficult for Mitt Romney . His setbacks include the release of a secret video in which he said 47 % of Americans thought of themselves of victims ; the news that his campaign is not as cash-stashed as some had anticipated ; and the latest poll numbers that show President Barack Obama widening his lead in some swing states , including Ohio . The smart money is betting on Obama to capture a second term , and it 's easy to see why . He leads most major public opinion polls nationally and in the key swing states , and he has many more paths to a majority of 270 in the Electoral College . The probability is that Obama will emerge with a victory . But we 're six weeks out . Theoretically , a lot can happen , some of it driven by the candidates and their campaigns . Could smart decisions , combined with a few favorable circumstances , propel Romney to an upset victory ? We can all come up with fantastical scenarios involving international or domestic crises that would cause a plurality of Americans to say "  no more four years " for the president . Occasionally , these things happen , as they did to first-term Democratic President Jimmy Carter . A dramatically shrinking economy , sky-high interest and inflation rates and the agony of the Iranian hostage crisis swamped his ship of state in 1980 . But let 's be more realistic . From now until Election Day , Romney 's chances to surprise us will largely be dependent on the debates as well as his ability to better capitalize on the relatively weak economy . Goodness knows Romney has been practicing enough for the three debates scheduled to be held October 3 , 16 and 22 . Inevitably , the Republican has some zingers prepared that will bring down the house -- well , the Republican side of it . Opinion : Republicans risk being the party of mean The key is to weave a larger narrative about what he will assert are "  Obama 's broken promises and failures " that can persuade the nation to do what it has been historically reluctant to do : send an incumbent packing . Romney has to employ outrage to energize his base yet use a tone that communicates more sorrow than anger that "  it just has n't worked out as we had all hoped it would four years ago . " Ronald Reagan scored a knockout in his 1980 debate with Carter , and John Kerry landed enough hard punches to stun President George W. Bush in 2004 's first debate . Can Romney measure up ? And can the debates become intriguing enough to draw an audience that consists of more than confirmed Republican and Democratic partisans who tune in to cheer for their side ? It 's not easy to do in a polarized year when voters are dug in and as many as 95 % of those who will cast a ballot have made at least a tentative presidential choice . Aside from the debates , Romney 's best path to triumph is to portray himself relentlessly as an exceptionally qualified "  Mr. Fix It " on the economy and to make hay of the economic reports still to come , assuming they contain bad news . Growth is still very slow , and the unemployment picture is unlikely to brighten before the election . The final jobs report will be released on the Friday before the Tuesday election ; a disappointing number could enable Romney to win over a disproportionate share of the remaining undecided voters , though there might be few left . Romney has another advantage . He might benefit from the news media 's desire for drama . Even though Republicans see the news media , on the whole , as biased toward Obama , most journalists are n't keen on a cut-and-dried presidential contest . Opinion : Why do the Romneys pay so little in taxes ? For ratings purposes , if nothing else , they want a close , competitive race where the momentum goes back and forth . Otherwise , it will be 40 days and nights in the desert , much like it was in the numbing , dramaless 1996 match-up between President Bill Clinton and his Republican challenger , Sen. Bob Dole . To win against the rising odds , Romney and his team have to exceed expectations in many ways and run the near-perfect campaign that has eluded them so far . That 's very hard to achieve , but American electoral history is dotted with astonishing comebacks that defied the predictions of experts . It is not impossible that 2012 could record yet another . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry J. Sabato .	Larry Sabato : The past few days have been tough for Mitt Romney 's campaign Sabato : The smart money is betting on Barack Obama to capture a second term He says smart decisions and luck might be able to propel Romney to an upset victory Sabato : To win , Romney and his team have to exceed expectations in many ways
CNN  -- Russian energy giant Gazprom has accused Ukraine of siphoning off gas intended for European customers as the standoff between them worsens . Gazprom deputy chairman Alexander Medvedev has accused the Ukraine of siphoning gas . Gazprom shut off Ukraine 's gas supply on Thursday after saying it owed $ 2 billion in missed payments . Ukraine denies owing the money and is currently meeting its domestic needs with supplies from storage facilities . Gazprom has reassured Europe that its natural gas supply , which runs through Ukraine , will not be affected by the dispute with Kiev . However , analysts are concerned that if the two sides do not reach a new agreement there will be a supply cut in the next two weeks . Poland reported a drop in its supply on Saturday . Gazprom deputy chairman Alexander Medvedev said the Ukraine had "  declared , rather cynically , that it take gas from the export pipe . " "  Balkan states have already started to suffer from the moves of the Ukrainian side , " he said . "  In this respect , the Balkan states , if they consider themselves hit in this situation , should use legal means they have in the frames of the Energy Charter in order to prevent the escalation of these events . " Watch a report on Gazprom 's threats to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine " Meanwhile , Gazprom spokesman Sergey Kupriyanov said Naftogaz Ukrainy , responsible for Ukraine 's gas payments , may have paid the amount it owed but it would not arrive until January 11 because of the holiday season . "  This will settle the overdue penalties and part of the debt for gas supplies . The remaining debt for gas will be in this case $ 614 million . "  The contract for this year has n't been signed yet . Naftogaz Ukrainy has withdrawn from the talks . The negotiating group is in Kiev and so far has n't expressed its readiness to arrive in Moscow . Due to the absence of a contract for gas deliveries to Ukraine , gas is n't being supplied , " Kupriyanov said . Meanwhile , a Ukrainian delegation is in Europe meeting leaders to seek help to end the crisis . Russia is the world 's biggest producer of natural gas and supplies Europe with more than 40 percent of its imports -- mainly via the pipelines through Ukraine .	Russia 's energy monopoly Gazprom accused Ukraine of siphoning supplies Gazprom cuts off gas supplies to Ukraine on New Year 's Day Company says Ukraine owes it about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries Fears supplies to other European customers will be affected
Washington  CNN  -- The annual Conservative Political Action Conference drew 10,000 activists to Washington over the weekend . The event traditionally concludes with a presidential straw poll . Last year , the poll was won by Mitt Romney . This year , Ron Paul won , with 31 percent of the ballots cast . CPAC 's organizers cautioned against over-interpreting the Paul win . Participation in the poll had been light , the Paul team had just out-organized , etc. . All true enough . But it 's also true that Ron Paul-style themes have percolated through the conservative movement since Paul 's beat-the-spread 2008 presidential campaign . Of all those themes , the one that has achieved the widest audience is Paul 's call for a return to money based on precious metals such as gold and silver . G.K. Chesterton observed that you should never pull down a fence until you understand why it was put up . So let 's rediscover why it was that Americans abandoned the gold standard in the first place . In 1929 , the U.S. economy slumped into recession . Under the weight of a series of terrible decisions , that recession collapsed into the worldwide Great Depression . But why did decision-makers make so many bad decisions ? The short answer is that they were trapped . Almost all of the right decisions would have ballooned the U.S. federal budget deficit . As budget deficits expanded , investors would inevitably worry that their dollars might lose value in the future . They would demand to trade their dollars for gold at the fixed price of $ 20.67 to the ounce . Under the rules of the gold standard , the U.S. government would be obliged to sell . As long as the deficits continued , the U.S. government would lose gold . Threatened with the exhaustion of its gold supply , the government felt it had no choice : It had to close the budget deficit . So , in the throes of a severe downturn , the U.S. government did exactly the opposite of what economists would otherwise advise : It cut spending and raised taxes -- capsizing the economy even deeper into depression . It 's very strange to hear gold standard advocates criticize President Hoover for imposing steep tax increases in 1932 , the Depression 's worst year . Yet the gold standard they champion was the reason for the tax increases they deplore . Between 1929 and 1932 , the U.S. money supply collapsed , as banks failed and bank deposits and commercial credit vanished . In their classic "  Monetary History of the United States "  1966  , Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz identified this contraction of the money supply as the proximate cause of the Great Depression . Why did n't the Federal Reserve act to prevent the contraction ? Again : the gold standard . In a modern recession , the Fed will buy Treasury securities in the open market . After the purchase and sale , the Federal Reserve has more securities -- and the former owners of the securities have new cash . Those new cash owners then spend or lend their cash , spurring economic activity . But in 1930 , the new cash owners did n't spend or lend . They swapped their cash for gold . The "  open market " operations that were supposed to accelerate economic activity instead accelerated the country 's gold drain . So the Fed ceased -- and instead passively allowed the economy to collapse in order to save the nation 's currency . Every other gold-standard country faced similar challenges in the 1930s . Those countries that quit gold first , like Britain , suffered least . Those that hung onto gold longest -- the United States and France -- suffered most . Imagine now if the gold standard were in operation today . The federal government would be scrambling to balance its budget in the midst of recession , cutting spending and raising taxes . Instead of pumping money into the economy , the Federal Reserve would be sucking money out . Priority 1 would not be creating and saving jobs , but preserving the nation 's gold hoard . Instead of living through the nastiest recession since the war , we 'd be deep into a second Great Depression . But in a way , this counterfactual is impossible . No government ever can return to the gold standard . Back in the 1930s , governments accepted horrific suffering because they were terrified of the consequences of going off gold . When President Franklin Roosevelt told his budget director , Lewis Douglas , of his decision to quit gold , Douglas replied : "  This is the end of Western civilization . " He was n't kidding either . In fact , the decision was the turning point of the Depression , the beginning of recovery . And every monetary economist knows it . Which means that the first thing any future gold-standard government would do in the event of recession would be to jettison gold . And every market trader knows that too . So ... as soon as the first sign of recession materializes on the horizon , the traders would dump the currency of the gold standard country . The gold standard country would then have to decide whether to self-impose draconian 1932-style budget-balancing or forgo the whole painful experience and surrender right away to what is inevitable sooner or later . Since everybody knows that a gold standard country would quit gold as soon as times got tough , nobody will ever believe the decision to restore the gold standard in the first place . It 's as dead as monocles and walking sticks . Deader , really . The punch line to one of my favorite anecdotes goes , "  Son , your answers are so old , I have forgotten the questions . " Has the Depression receded so far into history that the answers that once plunged the nation into misery can possibly look credible again ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of David Frum .	Ron Paul won the presidential straw poll at the CPAC conference David Frum says part of Paul 's appeal is his advocacy of basing dollars on precious metals He says the gold standard made the downturn of the 1930s into the Great Depression The markets wo n't take seriously any revival of the gold standard , he says
CNN  -- Self-discipline and a bit of synchronicity have turned into best-selling success for author Matthew Quick . The former high school teacher describes writing fiction as taking the chaos that 's happening inside him and turning it into something orderly on the page . It 's working : He has turned out four best-selling books , including one , "  The Silver Linings Playbook , " that was made into an Oscar-winning movie . Now Quick is continuing to ride his hot streak with a new novel , "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " out this month . In "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " Quick 's narrator also turns to writing to make sense of his life . Dementia takes over in the final days of Bartholomew Neil 's mother 's life , and she starts calling her son Richard . He finds a "  Free Tibet " form letter signed by actor Richard Gere , and thinking there must be some connection , Bartholomew starts writing awkward , intimate letters to the actor . "  Dear Mr. Richard Gere , " each chapter of the novel begins . From there , Bartholomew confesses his grief over his mother 's death , his insecurities about life on his own and growing doubts over his Catholic faith . Quick 's quirky supporting cast includes a heavy-drinking , self-defrocked priest , a redheaded grief counselor with serious boyfriend problems , a foul-mouthed movie theater usher mourning the loss of his cat and the shy woman Bartholomew has a crush on , who he dubs the "  Girlbrarian . " This group of misfits comes together as friends , strengthening their offbeat bond on a whimsical road trip to Canada . Quick recently talked to CNN about his new book and his burgeoning success . The following is an edited transcript . Fast facts Age : 40 Hometown : He 's originally from Philadelphia , grew up in Oaklyn , New Jersey , and now lives in central Massachusetts . Other titles : "  The Silver Linings Playbook " and young adult novels , "  Sorta Like a Rock Star , " "  Boy21 " and "  Forgive Me , Leonard Peacock " Fun facts : Quick got the nickname "  Q " from his players when he coached girls ' soccer and it stuck with him . For fans of : "  The Catcher in the Rye , " "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , " "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time " Five questions for Matthew Quick CNN : What was the spark behind your new novel ? Quick : I had thought up the title , "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " several years ago . I had no idea what it meant or what the book would be about but I thought , "  Someday I 'm going to write a book with that title . " Then several years ago ... I remember coming home and my wife said , "  Somebody famous wrote you today , " and thinking "  Wow , " then opening the letter and realizing it was a "  Free Tibet " form letter . I thought about the power of celebrity and the fact there are people who probably believe they 're receiving a letter that Richard Gere personally signed himself . Then , in the wake of all the promotion I did for "  Silver Linings , " I found myself in this position where I had dreamed about being ... and then suddenly I 'm in a hotel room sitting on a couch with David O. Russell doing interviews or I 'm standing backstage at the Katie Couric show , chatting with Bradley Cooper . While it was wonderful and I 'm very grateful for those experiences , there are times when the former kid from a blue-collar neighborhood with a working-class background kept saying , "  How did you get here ? " To be honest with you , that kept me up at night . So when I started to write "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " I wanted to approach some of life 's bigger questions , but I wanted to do it in a way that would take me back to a time when I could look at things a little more simply . CNN : Your characters deal with mental health issues , you 've also battled depression yourself . Is writing a way for you to deal with that ? Quick : When I wrote "  Silver Linings , " I thought I was writing a book about the Philadelphia Eagles and male bonding , but when the book came out , it was surprising to me that the mental health community embraced it . The mental health conversation is very important to me . I have friends that struggle with various mental illnesses . I 've struggled with depression and anxiety . I 'm very interested in how we deal with that . The problem with the stigma around mental health is really about the stories that we tell ourselves as a society . What is normal ? That 's just a story that we tell ourselves . CNN : Synchronicity is a concept that comes up in your new novel . Have you noticed examples of it in your own life ? Quick : I 'm not an expert , but I 'm fascinated by the concept . Writing "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " synchronicity just abounded . In little things , such as in the novel , the characters go on a road trip and I just arbitrarily picked the car that they rented would be a Ford Focus . After I finished writing the novel , my wife suggested we take the same road trip to do research and add details . So we rented a car and at the rental place I said , "  Give me an economy car , I do n't care which model , any one will do . " About five minutes later they come back and say "  Mr. Quick , here 's your Ford Focus . " My wife and I just looked at each other and started laughing . CNN : After the success of "  Silver Linings Playbook , " you have multiple movie adaptations of your books in the works . How are they going ? Quick : All of my books have been optioned by major studios in L.A. I feel wildly blessed . That was the plan all along , but there have definitely been head-scratching moments where I think , how did this happen ? The important thing for me is to take those questions and make more art , let it fuel the writing of my future novels . I always say the writing will save you . CNN : Have you heard from Richard Gere about your new book ? Quick : We sent him a copy and I know that it was received . I 'm assuming if he had any problems with it , we would have heard back . There are some rumors in terms of the movie that I ca n't talk about yet . I have n't been in direct contact with Richard Gere , but our people in Hollywood have . CNN : What 's next ? Quick : I 'm actually working on the final edit of "  Love May Fail , " which comes out in 2015 . Sony bought the movie rights last fall . Mike White , who has written the screenplay for "  The Good Luck of Right Now , " is also working on adapting this . I love Mike 's stuff . And I 've started working on my next novel , which , if everything goes according to schedule , will come out in 2016 .	"  The Good Luck of Right Now " is the story of a middle-aged man after his mother 's death The book is written as a series of letters from the narrator to actor Richard Gere Author Matthew Quick wrote the best-selling novel "  The Silver Linings Playbook " "  The Good Luck of Right Now " and Quick 's other books are being adapted for film
CNN  -- As Iraqi police and troops cast ballots early in the country 's first parliamentary elections since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. forces , 32 people were killed in attacks across the country on Monday . The shootings and explosions targeting elections centers wounded 92 people , police and health officials in Baghdad and several provinces told CNN . In several instances , suicide bombers detonated explosives at polling centers as security forces waited in line to vote . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . Violence has escalated over the past year . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians . Police and military have two days to cast votes before the rest of the country 's registered voters cast their ballots in parliamentary elections Wednesday . Some 277 political entities across Iraq will compete for 328 seats of the Iraqi Council of Representatives , the country 's parliament . There are 9,032 candidates . "  These elections mark an important milestone in Iraq 's democratic transition and can contribute to greater peace and stability in the country , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's office said in a statement . Ban condemned the wave of violence and terrorist attacks and urged leaders to try to ensure all Iraqi men and women can take part in the elections .	Attacks targeting polling centers kill 32 people and wound 92 others , officials say Shootings and explosions targeted security forces casting their ballots Parliamentary elections this week are Iraq 's first since the withdrawal of U.S. forces
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- The Brazilian air force said that debris picked up Thursday near where officials believe Air France Flight 447 crashed Monday into the Atlantic Ocean was not from the plane . Image released by the Brazilian Air Force shows oil slicks in the water near a debris site . "  It has been verified that the material did not belong to the plane , " Brigadier Ramon Borges Cardoso told reporters in Recife about the material recovered Thursday . "  It is a pallet of wood that is utilized for transport . It is used in planes , but on this flight to Paris , there was no wooden pallet . " He added that oil slicks seen on the ocean were not from the plane , either , and that the quantity of oil exceeded the amount the plane would have carried . "  No material from the airplane was picked up , " he said . The announcement left open the question of whether other debris that had not yet been plucked from the ocean might be from the plane . On Wednesday , searchers recovered two debris fields and had identified the wreckage , including an airplane seat and an orange float as coming from Flight 447 . Officials now say that none of the debris recovered is from the missing plane . Helicopters had been lifting pieces from the water and dropping them on three naval vessels . Brazilian Air Force planes spotted an oil slick and four debris fields Wednesday but rain and rough seas had kept searchers from plucking any of the debris from the water . Officials said searchers had found objects in a circular 5-kilometer  3-mile  area , including one object with a diameter of 7 meters  23 feet  and 10 other objects , some of which were metallic , Brazilian Air Force spokesman Jorge Amaral said . The debris was found about 650 kilometers  400 miles  northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers off the northeast coast of Brazil . Eleven aircraft and five ships are engaged in the search , including airplanes from France and the United States . Earlier Thursday , a public interfaith service was held for the 228 victims at a 200-year-old Catholic Church in downtown Rio . Joining family members were members of the Brazilian armed forces , who are leading the recovery effort . "  Whoever has faith , whoever believes in God , believes in the eternity of the soul , " said Mauro Chavez , whose friend lost a daughter on the flight . "  This means everything . " Investigators have not yet determined what caused the plane to crash . The flight data recorders have not been recovered , and the plane 's crew did not send any messages indicating problems before the plane disappeared . A Spanish pilot said he saw an "  intense flash " in the area where Flight 447 came down off the coast of Brazil , while a Brazilian minister appeared to rule out a midair explosion . Meanwhile , a report in France suggested the pilots were perhaps flying at the "  wrong speed " for the violent thunderstorm they flew into early on Monday before the Airbus A330 's systems failed . Le Monde newspaper reported that Airbus was sending a warning to operators of A330 jets with new advice on flying in storms . As several ships trawled the debris site in the Atlantic , Brazil 's defense minister said a 20-kilometer  12-mile  oil slick near where the plane , en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , went down indicated it probably did not break up until it hit the water . If true , that would rule out an in-flight explosion as the cause of the crash of Air France Flight 447 , Defense Minister Nelson Jobim told reporters . However , both pilots of an Air Comet flight from Lima , Peru , to Lisbon , Portugal , sent a written report on the bright flash they said they saw to Air France , Airbus and the Spanish civil aviation authority , the airline told CNN . "  Suddenly , we saw in the distance a strong and intense flash of white light , which followed a descending and vertical trajectory and which broke up in six seconds , " the captain wrote . Air Comet declined to identify the pilot 's name but said he waited until landing to inform Air Comet management about what he saw . Air Comet then informed Spanish civil aviation authorities . The Air Comet co-pilot and a passenger aboard the same flight also saw the light . But Robert Francis , former vice chairman of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , said the question of determining where a plane broke up "  is a very difficult one to deal with . " He told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that "  there are lots of things that cause a plane to go out of control . " He added that extremely strong winds are not unusual near Brazil . Pilots who fly over that part of the world keep track of radar and "  are very , very wary about the weather as they go back and forth down in that area . " Jobim said currents had strewn the debris widely and that the search area had been expanded to 300 square miles . Watch report on the struggle to find pieces of the plane " The Airbus A330 went down about three hours after beginning what was to have been an 11-hour flight . No survivors have been found . Map of Flight AF 447 's flight path " The NTSB said Wednesday it has accepted an invitation from the French aviation accident investigation authority , the Bureau d'Enquetes et d'Analyses , to aid in the investigation . The aircraft 's computer system did send about four minutes of automated messages indicating a loss of cabin pressure and an electrical failure , officials have said . Some investigators have noted that the plane flew through a severe lightning storm . Foul play has not been ruled out . Air France had received a bomb threat May 27 for a flight from Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Paris , sources in the Argentine military and police told CNN on Wednesday . Watch as experts question whether recovery is possible " According to the officials , who had been briefed on the incident and declined to be identified because of the ongoing investigation , the Air France office in Buenos Aires received the threat from a man speaking Spanish . Authorities checked the Boeing 777 and found nothing . Security was tightened during check-in for Flight 415 , which left on time and without incident , the officials said . Most of the people on Flight 447 came from Brazil , France and Germany . The remaining victims were from 29 other countries , including three passengers from the United States . CNN correspondent John Zarrella in Rio de Janeiro and journalist Brian Byrnes from Buenos Aires contributed to this report .	Wreckage , debris found earlier is not from missing plane , air force says Conflicting reports over why Air France jet crashed with 228 aboard Oil slick appears to rule out midair fire or explosion , Brazil minister says But two Spanish pilots say they saw "  intense flash " in area where jet crashed
CNN  A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday . The deep reddish color caught Seattle native Tim Durkan 's eye . He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on CNN iReport . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia . "  The dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had Seattle locals wondering where the amber-colored haze was originating from , " Durken said . The fires were started in southeastern Siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . But on April 14 , it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region , according to CNN affiliate KOMO-TV . As a result , the fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region . Rescue crews were able to put out the flames . However , the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds . The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest . Parts of Oregon , Washington and British Columbia are seeing the results of the smoke , wind and solar light combination . The reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight like greens , blues , yellows and purples , KOMO-TV said . That means colors like red and orange are able to penetrate the air unfiltered . The colors are especially intense during sunrises and sunsets because there is more atmosphere for the light to travel through to get to a person 's eye . As the smoke starts to dissipate , air quality will get better and these fiery sunsets will lose their reddish hue .	Smoke from massive fires in Siberia created fiery sunsets in the Pacific Northwest Atmospheric winds carried smoke from the wildfires across the Pacific Ocean Smoke particles altered wavelengths from the sun , creating a more intense color
CNN  -- A pilot and passenger were killed as two small planes collided in the air above Fauquier County , Virginia , on Monday , the FAA and Virginia State Police told CNN . The midair collision happened about five miles south of the Warrenton-Fauquier Airport around 4 p.m. "  One plane has been destroyed by fire , " Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller told CNN . "  In that plane , which is believed to be a six-seater aircraft , two bodies have been recovered . State Police are in the process of identifying the pilot and passenger . " The second plane 's pilot , an adult male , was transported to Mary Washington Hospital in Fredericksburg , according to state police . The two planes crashed to the ground approximately a mile apart from one another , state police said . Parts of the planes and debris were scattered between the two crash sites in a secluded and difficult to access area , state police said . As to what caused the crash some 50 miles from Washington , D.C. , "  that remains under investigation at this time " state police said .	NEW : A midair collision involving two small planes results in two deaths , authorities say NEW : The pilot and a passenger aboard one aircraft died Planes collide about 5 miles south of an airport in Virginia The pilot of the other plane is taken to a hospital
CNN  -- When Bobbi Brown introduced her eponymous lipstick line to Bergdorf Goodman back in 1991 , she never expected all 10 pinky-brown shades to fly off the shelves in just one day . Since then , the trailblazing makeup mogul has built a billion-dollar empire by making women look and feel beautiful in a natural way . Her cosmetics adorn the faces of VIPs such as Michelle Obama and Katie Holmes , as well as the Duchess of Cambridge , who wore the brand on her wedding day . With stores in 68 countries today , the company has grown from a mail-order business in the early 90s to a staple in women 's makeup bags from London to Beijing . "  When I started the company , my mission was to make a lipstick that looked like lips , because most of the lipsticks on the market looked artificial , they were greasy and they smelled bad , " Brown told CNN 's Poppy Harlow . "  I wanted to create something that looked natural , and that worked with a woman 's skin tone and her lip color , " she adds . Brown 's love affair with makeup started as she watched her mother 's beauty rituals in their suburban Chicago home . But her true entrepreneurial streak came from her Russian immigrant grandfather , who worked his way up to become a successful car dealer : "  I grew up watching Papa Sam in his dealership and I learned so much . He was an amazing role model , " she says . School was never the focus of Brown 's attention , and when she wanted to drop out of the University of Arizona after her first year , her mother asked her a question that would determine the course of her life : "  If you could spend the day doing whatever you wanted , what would you do ? " "  Go to the mall and play with makeup , " came the answer . After earning a degree in theatrical makeup at Emerson College in Boston , Brown moved to New York City , showing her portfolio to anyone and everyone . Living the life of a fledgling makeup artist , her talent and perseverance paid off . Soon she was working on high-profile magazine shoots , eventually landing a Vogue cover with Naomi Campbell -- her first big break . "  I 'll never forget it , " recalls Brown . "  It was Naomi Campbell 's first cover and the photographer was Patrick Demarchelier . It was shot on the beach early in the morning , and you never know if it 's a cover or not , but when I heard it was , I was beyond  excited  , " she says . While her makeup artist career was burgeoning , Brown was frustrated by the lack of wearable , natural looking shades amid the fuchsia lipsticks and electric blue eye shadows which dominated the 1980s : "  Everything was artificial and fake . It just did not look right to me , " she says . A chance meeting with a Kiehl 's pharmacist during a fashion shoot led to the creation of her first lipstick , Brown Lip Color , in her signature chocolate-based tones . Four years later , the company she started with just $ 10,000 was beating cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in major department stores . Brown soon got a call from Leonard Lauder , the scion of the makeup empire started by his mother Estee , offering to buy her company . She accepted , under the condition that she retained all creative control , and today it is estimated that Bobbi Brown products account for about 10 % of all Estee Lauder sales . "  You know , I think that women will always need their basics , " Brown says , explaining how her business managed to weather the financial downturn of recent years . "  They will always need their tried and tested things , they are not going to forgo makeup . Maybe they 'll forgo the trendy things that come out every season , they do n't need it . But most women still need what they need , " she adds . When it comes to her role in an industry which has been heavily criticized for making women feel self-conscious , Brown says : "  Everyone I know in the beauty industry , not just the people that work in my company , is really there to make products that make women look and feel better , they devote their lives to it . I think the biggest problem is that the Internet now shows everything . So if you are going to be an actress or a supermodel , you are unusually photogenic , you are unusually thin , that is not what all women are , " she says . Brown still beautifies the faces of models in all her advertising campaigns , but her business interests are not limited to cosmetics . She has partnered with Safilo , a leading Italian eyewear brand , to design a range of glasses , and has recently been appointed as Editor-in-Chief of Yahoo 's new beauty section . Read more : The dress that launched a $ 7 billion empire "  I 'm trying to create a space that is empowering , that 's teaching , that 's fun , with a sense of humor , that 's visually exciting and cool , " she says , "  but mostly , a place that will give women real answers to not just beauty but lifestyle and empowerment , and everything it means to be a successful , happy woman . And I hope a man , too , I have things planned for men as well , " Brown adds . The entrepreneur has also channeled her energy into philanthropy , starting the Pretty Powerful Campaign for Women and Girls , where 100 % of the purchase price of a limited edition product goes to programs helping disadvantaged women and girls around the world . The company also sponsors Dress for Success , a global charity which offers unemployed women career advice and professional attire for job interviews . Brown 's youthful face and eyes exude humor , and she fosters a homey atmosphere in her headquarters in New York 's trendy SoHo . Large windows flood the pastel-colored space with sunlight , and there are regular yoga sessions . "  There are dogs and kids that come in , and I love having this atmosphere , it 's who I am , " she says . The make-up mogul jokingly describes herself as a Type A personality -- hardworking and efficient , yet able to unplug from the daily grind : "  I enjoy things that are not about my work , I enjoy my husband , my kids and nephews , my ` entourage , ' as I call them . And whether it 's family vacations or trips , I 'm able to let go , " she says . However , the 57-year-old is not ready to hang up her brushes any time soon . "  I 'm bad at golf and even worse at tennis , " she quips , adding that she does n't feel she has reached her pinnacle yet . "  So many things happened in my career which were important moments , from my first Vogue cover to getting into Bergdorf Goodman and Harrods , and finally when Leonard Lauder called , but then things just continued to happen . "  So , I have n't made it yet , " she concludes . Read more : Marina Abramovic , the sorceress who creates art out of thin air Read more : Inside Tory Burch 's billion dollar fashion world	Makeup magnate Bobbi Brown started her company with $ 10,000 in 1991 Today , the Bobbi Brown brand is worth nearly a billion dollars Her cosmetics are worn by the likes of Michelle Obama and Kate Middleton
CNN  -- A few minutes of what was considered online fun , and one person is dead . Another is convicted of invasion of privacy and bias intimidation . When Rutgers student Dharun Ravi set up a spycam to catch roommate Tyler Clementi in a same-sex romantic moment , and when he tweeted about it and his plans to do it again , little did he think that Clementi would commit suicide or that he would face serious jail time and deportation . Ravi is learning his lesson the hard way . There are lessons for all of us : What you do online can hurt people . Despite the adage about sticks and stones , words can and do hurt -- especially when anyone can publish information that reaches millions . The Internet is full of homophobic , racist , anti-Semitic and misogynistic content . At a minimum , hate speech is online pollution , but it can go much further . It reinforces stereotypes and strengthens the belief that singling out "  the other " for abuse is acceptable . Hate speech can harden low self-esteem and intimidate its targets -- and even lead people to commit suicide . Online bystanders have a responsibility . Some students in the Rutgers dorm were amused by Ravi 's spycam-Twitter scheme . Others ignored it . They should have been outraged , and they should have done something about it . "  If you see something , say something " is not an admonition restricted to the security realm . Tools are online for each of us to flag and report content that is objectionable . Many online companies have staffs to review such reports and to take action , from removing the offensive content to ejecting the person who posted it . Each of us should take responsibility to combat hate-filled content . Speak up : Clicking to report hate speech to an online host is not all we can do . Justice Louis Brandeis , in a 1927 Supreme Court case , extolled the virtues of "  counter-speech " to address objectionable speech . That pre-Internet admonition applies full force to online messages today . Hate speech legitimizes discrimination , and many of the people who post it believe no one objects . So object . Speak up to counter the lies of hate speech or the inappropriate online conduct directed at minorities . Just as the Internet provides thoughtless haters with broadcasting tools , each of us has those same tools at our disposal . A little counter-speech can go a long way . It 's time to get serious about cyber-literacy and ethics . The lack of education in schools about the rules that apply to online posting is appalling . Kids are left to their own devices , literally , with little guidance . Given the power in everyone 's hands to cause injury -- and to be injured -- schools should provide serious discussions of what is appropriate online behavior . We are well past the time when adults can think of themselves as the digital immigrants who do n't fully understand new technologies , compared with their kids , the digital natives who better understand the online world . Privacy is a shared responsibility . Discussions about privacy usually revolve around consumer privacy and protection . But in this era of social media , when everyone can be a publisher and broadcaster , individual responsibility to respect privacy should be the focus . Most people would know that secretly setting up a webcam to spy on someone is wrong . But posting embarrassing photos and videos and making thoughtless comments can be a wrongful invasion of privacy as well . Each of us has a responsibility to consider the privacy implications of what we do online . Homophobia is not funny . Finally , while young straight people today are much more accepting of gay people , an undercurrent of homophobia remains . Ravi most likely would not have set up a webcam to catch his roommate making out with a girl , nor would he have tweeted about it . In some quarters , the put-down "  That 's so gay " is still common parlance . Many think of gays and lesbians as "  the other " and fair game for jokes . Racist and anti-Semitic jokes still have currency . Ravi may have thought what he was doing to his roommate was funny , but he now knows it was anything but , for Clementi and for himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Wolf .	Rutgers tragedy after webcam intrusion : One person convicted , another dead Christopher Wolf : Respecting others ' privacy online , fighting hate speech our responsibility Wolf writes : Our online behavior can hurt ourselves and others , and it can even lead to suicide We must speak up against hate speech , he says , and educate kids in wise behavior
CNN  -- Touch technology has come a long way in the last decade . Just six years ago , most phones used traditional keypads ; today , almost all smartphones have a touchscreen , and the technology has spread to tablets , handheld consoles and laptops as well . One thing still lacking in touchscreens , though , is any kind of sensory feedback ; you can not feel the keypad on your iPhone , nor the action buttons when you play a game on your Android tablet . You ca n't feel the icons on your home screen , or the texture of your photos . Over the next decade all this looks set to change with the emergence of new tactile or "  haptic " devices . One new technology announced this month by the research wing of the Walt Disney Company allows users to feel textures on a touchscreen , pointing to a future where you will be able to use your phone not only to see and hear , but also to feel . Ivan Poupyrev , the Principle Research Scientist at Disney 's Interaction Group , told CNN that in his view the future will see "  touch screens on mobile devices , tablets , laptops , tables and walls . Everything will be touch-sensitive in the future and we need tactile feedback to make it more useful and usable . " As well as making screens you can feel , Disney Research is also developing tactile equipment that does n't require any actual contact at all -- like an Xbox Kinect , but where you feel as though you can touch objects in front of you in thin air . The device is called the "  Aireal " and in its developers ' words it provides "  interactive tactile experiences in free air . " The Aireal works by blowing small rings of air at a user to simulate touch , movement or collisions with objects . Students at the University of Bristol in England are working on a similar project called UltraHaptics , which gives the same sense of mid-air feeling through ultrasound vibrations rather than pulses of air . According to its inventors , UltraHaptics deploys "  ultrasonic transducers " to produce a variety of different sensations on the skin -- basically using sound waves to simulate touch . Poupyrev says UltraHaptics is an interesting idea that , in his view , points to the future of touch devices : "  I love this work --  it is  very well done . In general creating tactile feedback in free air is a very important research direction . " Other products under development use tactile feedback in completely different ways . A new sound device called the Woojer aims to immerse users in sound by using low frequency vibrations to create the physical sensation of bass -- rather like being in a loud cinema or standing in front of a speaker at a rock concert . The Tactus takes a different approach to bringing feeling to a touchscreen by creating real , physical buttons that emerge from the screen to emulate a physical keyboard . Another new invention , the Tacit , aims to provide physical feedback to help visually impaired people navigate by "  feeling " the objects around them . The device attaches to the wrist and uses ultrasound to scan the immediate area , delivering soft pressure to the user 's wrist as they get close to objects . If these inventions go into production , then Poupyrev 's projected future of tactile devices begins to look so close ... you could almost touch it . Jenny Soffel contributed to this article	Researchers are working on allowing you to ` feel ' objects in mid-air Disney Research uses bursts of air , Bristol students experimenting with ultrasound New touchscreens also offer tactile feedback Inventions point to a future where you can feel technology in new ways
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery launched early Monday to deliver spare parts and science experiments to the international space station . Discovery launched at 6:21 a.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida Discovery , with its crew of seven astronauts , is carrying supplies and science equipment for the international space station 's laboratories . The 13-day mission includes three planned spacewalks , replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station 's exterior . Discovery is scheduled to arrive at the space station on Wednesday , and return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET . After this mission , there are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired . iReport : Did you watch the launch ? Share your photos and video NASA said Discovery 's mission will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time : Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson , Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery 's crew , while NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station . The launch comes three days after Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA-18 , carrying Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko , blasted off to the International Space Station from a Kazakhstan facility . The space station , which orbits the Earth at a height of some 250 miles , is due to be finished next year and is about 90 percent complete .	Discovery launches on mission to international space station Shuttle is carrying supplies , equipment to the space station Three spacewalks planned during 13-day mission Marks first time four women have been in space at one time
CNN  -- CNN asked a Democrat , Hilary Rosen , and a Republican , Will Cain , to offer advice to the opposing party 's candidate for Monday 's final presidential debate . Will Cain 's advice for President Obama Be prepared to answer one question : Why , for almost two weeks after the attacks on the consulate in Benghazi , Libya , did your administration give the American people the impression that the attack was part of a spontaneous protest over an offensive video ? This is not criticism veiled as advice . Monday night 's debate will largely focus on foreign policy . If that question is not asked , it will be journalistic malpractice by moderator Bob Schieffer and debate malpractice by Mitt Romney . 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate Malpractice is exactly what Romney committed in the last debate by bickering over whether the word "  terrorism " was uttered in the Rose Garden . Who cares what happened in the Rose Garden ? The picture that Susan Rice and Jay Carney painted was clear and wrong . There was no protest over a video . There was no protest at all . It could be that initial intelligence wrongly suggested it was a spontaneous attack in response to a video and that even now the nature of the attack is n't fully clear , as The Washington Post reported on Friday . But within hours of the attack there were contradictory reports . And as reported by The Daily Beast 's Eli Lake , those initial reports were soon put in doubt . Whatever the answer , Obama should expect the question to be asked , and respond not with outrage , but accountability . Get instant updates with CNN 's live blog Romney will try to draw clear distinctions over how he would handle Iran , Afghanistan , and China . Most of his criticism will revolve around rhetoric . The theme : Romney will be strong , Obama weak . On this Romney runs the risk of looking petty in questioning the burdens and respect that accompany the title commander in chief . But this one question is about truth and accountability . Obama will need an answer . Not for Romney . For the American people . And it will be asked . Oh yeah , mention Osama bin Laden at some point too . 13 reasons to watch the last debate on CNN 's platforms and nowhere else Hilary Rosen 's advice for Mitt Romney A debate on foreign policy for most Americans is , let 's face it , like eating your peas . You know it matters , but you just ca n't get too excited about about it . In a way , perhaps that is as it should be . If Americans felt their safety was particularly threatened by global events , people would be much more engaged in the policy discussion that will take place Monday night . Of course there are grave issues many parts of the world : the seemingly never-ending threat to Israel from Iran and others , North Korea , trade deficits with China , a weak economy in Europe , and pockets of anti-Western terrorism in many parts of the Middle East and North Africa . And the United States has much at stake in the outcomes of them or in shaping the ongoing crises . But the reality is also that we have spent billions of dollars in two wars over the last 12 years , and President Obama has kept his promise to bring those wars to an end and to focus his effort on keeping America safe . CNN/Google Campaign Explorer : Ads , money and travel So how does Mitt Romney get an edge over the president in a foreign policy debate ? My view is that he must simply look like a commander in chief for the future . In an effort to distinguish himself from Obama , Romney has made some big mistakes with regard to foreign policy . Romney 's biggest mistake may simply be in his attitude . In short , he acts like a leader from the 1950s who is still trying to prove to the world that America is not just the best country , but the boss of the world . And in 2012 , that just does n't fly . Are we the leader of the free world ? Yes . Are we a nation that should continue to share our democratic values with the world ? Yes . Can we control everything that happens in the world ? No -- and we should n't try . Simply put , we ca n't afford it and we do n't need to . So when Romney blusters on about how much tougher he would be than Obama , in an effort to distinguish a foreign policy that is n't very distinguishable , he should pay careful attention to the fact that were he to be president , acting so aggressively would carry expectations that he follow through . And the American people do not want a president who picks fights around the world . My advice to Romney is to "  chill " a little in the debate . Do n't act like you will be the world 's bully . Act thoughtful and well , presidential -- like our actual president . How foreign policy hits close to home The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Republican Will Cain to Obama : Explain in detail the attack in Benghazi , Libya Cain : Of course , Obama should point to killing of Osama bin Laden Democrat Hilary Rosen : Romney must behave like a commander in chief Rosen : He should "  chill " on aggressive stances or risk making U.S. seem like a bully
CNN  -- Gone but not forgotten . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , disappeared in October 2009 . Her remains were found a few months later . Her death remains a mystery , but it 's back in the news this week because of the arrest of Jesse Matthew -- the only known suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham . Virginia State Police have not said how the two cases are connected , except to say there is a "  new forensic link . " They are pursing that link with the hope of being able to provide , finally , some sort of closure for the Harrington family -- whatever that may look like . "  There 's a suspect , and possibility of a link to Morgan 's murder , and I am so pleased that that has happened , but it does n't change a lot for us , in some ways , " Harrington 's mother , Gil Harrington , told CNN affiliate WSLS on Monday . "  You know , our bedroom is still empty upstairs . We 're still not going to have the grandchildren , the wedding , those things , " she said . Can arrest in Hannah Graham disappearance solve other cases ? The disappearance Harrington disappeared on October 17 , 2009 , after attending a Metallica concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia . She had been so excited about the concert , according to her mother , that she posted the tickets on the refrigerator about six months ahead of time . She tried on three outfits before settling on what to wear , a crystal necklace and a black T-shirt with the word "  Pantera " spelled out in tan letters . Police say she left her friends to use the restroom during the concert . When she did not return , her friends called her cell phone . Harrington told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its re-entry policy but not to worry and that she would find a ride home . There are restroom inside the arena and , to this day , it 's not clear why she left . Witnesses later saw someone matching Harrington 's description walking along a nearby bridge . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , along with her identification and cell phone , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena . Her remains were discovered January 2010 on a nearby farm . Another link On a website dedicated to Harrington , the education major is described as a "  true original . " "  Time is moving on so very quickly , but we are not . We are stuck in the limbo of not knowing , the purgatory of no answers , no justice . How can it be possible that 4 years ! of investigation has not ferreted out your murderer  s ?  We are determined to do just that , find him . Frantic actually , to find him before he kills again , " it reads . Besides the connection to the Graham case , police have linked Harrington 's death with the kidnapping and assault of another woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 . That woman , who survived the attack , was able to provide police with enough of a description to make a sketch . Authorities have not publicly identified the woman who gave the description but have said her case was connected to Harrington 's case through DNA . If Matthew is linked to Harrington 's death , and Harrington 's death is linked to the kidnapping and rape of the woman in Fairfax , then is Matthew linked to the Fairfax case ? So many questions . So few answers . But there 's at least one thing Harrington 's family knows -- and for which it is grateful . "  I know where Morgan is . However this unfolds , I know where my girl is . She 's in a box in the living room , " Harrington 's mother told WSLS . "  Hannah Graham 's family do not know where their daughter is , " she said . "  We need to find her . The investigation needs to find her and , most of all , her family needs to find her . " HLN 's Nancy Grace and CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , disappeared in October 2009 Her remains were found on a farm the following year Authorities have linked her death to the disappearance of Hannah Graham
Chad Pregracke , an Illinois man who has dedicated his life to cleaning the Mississippi River and other U.S. waterways , is the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year . Pregracke organizes community cleanups across the country through his nonprofit , Living Lands & Waters . About 70,000 volunteers have pitched in , helping Pregracke collect more than 7 million pounds of trash in the past 15 years . "  The garbage got into the water one piece at a time , " Pregracke said earlier this year . "  And that 's the only way it 's going to come out . " Pregracke was recognized during Sunday night 's airing of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " along with the rest of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes -- everyday people doing extraordinary things to help change the world . He was chosen as Hero of the Year through a five-week public vote on CNN.com . "  I 'll just keep on cleaning up America 's rivers and loving every minute of it , " said Pregracke when he accepted the award . For being named CNN Hero of the Year , Pregracke receives $ 250,000 to continue his work . That is in addition to the $ 50,000 that each Hero receives for making the top 10 . During the show , Pregracke pledged to spread some of his Hero of the Year money to the rest of the top 10 Heroes : "  I 've met so many great people today , the other Heroes , and I 'm really moved by all their stories and all the things they do around the world . ... I 'm going to give 10 grand to each of them , because they 're awesome . " Pregracke , 38 , grew up in East Moline , Illinois , where the Mississippi River was in his backyard . As a teenager , he worked as a commercial shell diver and began to notice the heaps of debris in the fabled waterway , which supplies drinking water to 18 million people in more than 50 U.S. cities . "  I saw thousands of barrels , thousands of tires , cars , trucks and tops of school buses . ... I got sick of seeing it and just wanted to do something about it , " said Pregracke , whom some have called "  the rivers ' garbageman . " For nine months out of the year , Pregracke lives on a barge with members of his 12-person crew . They go around the country with a fleet of boats , and they try to make cleanup fun for the volunteers who show up in each city . They use skits , music and mock motivational speeches to get the volunteers amped up , and sometimes they even do a little karaoke . Teams also compete to see who can find the "  best " garbage . "  We do everything in our power to get people excited about it , " Pregracke said . "  We want people to leave feeling good about what they did so they 'll come back . " Close to 90 % of what they recover is recycled ; Pregracke said the rest gets disposed of properly . In addition to the river cleanup , Pregracke has launched a floating classroom barge where his staff educates high school students and teachers about the damages of pollution on river ecosystems . In 2007 , his nonprofit implemented a program to plant 1 million trees along river shorelines to protect and restore the natural environment . The group is halfway to its goal . Pregracke says his nonprofit has already held more than 700 cleanups on 23 rivers , but he says he 's just getting started . He views his work as a different kind of service to the country . "  A lot of people call me a conservationist or an environmentalist , but the thing is I 'm no different than anybody else , " he said . "  I just want to be known  as  a hardworking American . " This is the seventh year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those years , the campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . This year 's top 10 were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . In addition to receiving $ 50,000 , each will also receive free organizational training from the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . The Heroes will participate in a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program , which offers practical guidance to help strengthen organizations for long-term success . Here are the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 , in alphabetical order : Dale Beatty : Making life easier for disabled veteransAfter Dale Beatty lost his legs in the Iraq war , his community thanked him for his service by helping him build a home . To pay it forward , Beatty co-founded Purple Heart Homes , which has helped build or modify homes for dozens of disabled U.S. veterans . "  We would n't leave someone behind on the battlefield , " Beatty said . "  Why would we do it at home ? "  Read Beatty 's story Georges Bwelle : Bringing health care to the jungleFor decades , Georges Bwelle watched his father suffer , unable to get the medical attention he needed . Now a doctor , Bwelle travels into the jungles of his native Cameroon nearly every weekend , providing free medical care for those who do n't have access to good health care . "  To make people laugh , to reduce the pain , that 's why I 'm doing this , " he said.Read Bwelle 's story Robin Emmons : Creating an oasis in a ` food desert ` More than 72,000 people in Charlotte , North Carolina , lack access to fresh produce . When Robin Emmons discovered this problem , she took action . "  I decided to rip up my whole backyard and make it all a garden for people in need , " she said . Since 2008 , Emmons has grown more than 26,000 pounds of fruits and vegetables for area residents.Read Emmons ' story Danielle Gletow : Granting wishes for foster kidsFoster children do n't often get the things other children do , but Danielle Gletow is trying to help change that . She posts their wishes online so the public can help grant them . "  I 'm here to be the mom to all these kids who might not feel like they have one , " she said . Since 2008 , her group has helped grant more than 6,500 wishes in 42 states.Read Gletow 's story Tawanda Jones : Giving kids a way off deadly streetsTawanda Jones is using dance to empower the youth of Camden , New Jersey , one of the poorest cities in the country . Through Jones ' drill team program , at least 4,000 children have learned discipline , respect and community service -- and all of them have graduated high school . "  We need to take back our city and , most importantly , take back our youth , " Jones said.Read Jones ' story Richard Nares : Helping sick kids get to chemoFor many children fighting cancer , it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . But Richard Nares started a group that gives them transportation and support . "  No child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation , " said Nares , who lost his son to leukemia in 2000 . Read Nares ' story Kakenya Ntaiya : Educating girls for the first timeKakenya Ntaiya is inspiring change in her native Kenyan village . After becoming the first woman in the village to attend college in the United States , she returned to open the village 's first primary school for girls . "  Our work is about empowering the girls , " Ntaiya said . "  They are dreaming of becoming lawyers , teachers , doctors . "  Read Ntaiya 's story Chad Pregracke : Cleaning up American riversChad Pregracke has made it his life 's work to clean up the Mississippi River and other American waterways . Since 1998 , about 70,000 volunteers have helped Pregracke remove more than 7 million pounds of garbage from 22 rivers across the country . "  Picking up garbage , it 's tough , miserable and hot , " Pregracke said . "  We try to make it fun . "  Read Pregracke 's story Estella Pyfrom : Bringing computers to kids in needEstella Pyfrom used her life savings to create "  Estella 's Brilliant Bus , " a mobile computer lab that provides tutoring for thousands of low-income students in Palm Beach County , Florida . "  It 's not just a bus , it 's a movement , " Pyfrom said . "  And we 're going to keep making a difference . "  Read Pyfrom 's story Laura Stachel : Lighting the way for safe childbirthsLaura Stachel created a special "  solar suitcase " to help health care workers deliver babies in more than 20 developing countries . "  I really want a world where women can deliver babies safely and with dignity , " Stachel said.Read Stachel 's story	Chad Pregracke is the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year He has made it his mission to clean up the Mississippi River and other U.S. waterways For being named Hero of the Year , Pregracke receives $ 250,000 to continue his work Pregracke pledged to give $ 10,000 to each of the other top 10 Heroes
CNN  -- They 've long been considered topics that are n't polite to discuss at the dinner table . As it turns out , politics and religion can get touchy on Wikipedia as well . The two topics dominated a list of the most controversial pages on the crowdsourced Web encyclopedia . Topping the English-language version of the list ? Former President George W. Bush . To determine the most controversial pages , researchers from Oxford University looked at their number of "  reverts " -- instances in which an editor changes something on a page , only to have someone else come along and change it back to the previous wording . Alongside Bush , the political philosophy of anarchism made the list . So did global warming and the United States -- two topics that , while not exclusively political , certainly have political elements . As for religion , Mohammed , Jesus and Christianity were all among the top 10 . Circumcision and "  race and intelligence , " both with obvious controversy attached , made the list , alongside a possibly more surprising page : a list of professional wrestlers on the roster of World Wrestling Entertainment . The authors of the study , which will be part of an upcoming book , said that on a site as expansive and ambitious as Wikipedia , disagreements are bound to happen . "  While the common aim in the collaboration is clear , unavoidably differences in opinions and views occur , leading to controversies , " they wrote . "  Clearly , there is a positive role of the conflicts : if they can be resolved in a consensus , the resulting product will better reflect the state of the art than without fighting them out . "  However , there are examples , where no hope for a consensus seems in sight -- then the struggle strongly limits efficiency . " The guiding principle behind Wikipedia , which launched in 2001 , is cooperation . The thinking is that with a team of volunteer editors spanning the globe , rough edges will eventually be smoothed out and good information will triumph over falsehoods and misinterpretations . With more than 470 million unique visitors monthly , Wikipedia is one of the most-visited sites on the Web . It 's written and edited collaboratively by Internet volunteers , most of them anonymous . According to its own pages , the site has more than 77,000 active contributors working on more than 22 million articles in 285 languages . By default , any change that an editor makes on the site is published immediately , subject to cleaning up by editors who come afterward . But disagreements , even among well-meaning editors , are bound to happen and , over the years , Wikipedia has adopted rules to deal with them . On the English-language version , only registered users may create new articles . And certain controversial pages get "  protection " -- either full protection , which means they can only be edited by administrators , or semi-protection , under which they can only be edited by logged-in users whose accounts have been verified . When pages become home to "  edit wars , " as the entries for Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry did during the 2004 election , they may be given temporary protection by administrators . On the English-language version of the site , sweeping issues such as religion dominated the most-disputed list . But the study 's authors noted that with most other languages , more local or regional topics prevailed . "  The English Wikipedia , in particular , occupies a unique role , " they wrote . "  The language 's status as a ` lingua franca '  a widely used working language  means that English Wikipedia ends up being edited by a broad community beyond simply  those  that have the language as a mother tongue . " In German , the page on Croatia was the most controversial , with Adolf Hitler , Scientology and Austrian philosopher Rudolf Steiner making the top 10 . Socialist politician Segolene Royal topped the French list  followed , curiously , by UFOs  and "  Gypsy crime " topped the Hungarian list . In an interesting look at cultural interests , five of the 10 most disputed pages in Spanish were those of soccer teams -- Club America , Athletic Bilbao , Newell 's Old Boys , FC Barcelona and Alianza Lima .	George W. Bush tops list of most controversial English-language Wiki pages Analysis looked at Wikipedia pages with most frequent changes Politics and religions dominate the top 10 A pro wrestling page also made the list
In the aftermath of the presidential election , Republicans have been inundated with advice to moderate , equivocate , and even abandon their core principles as a necessary prerequisite for winning future elections . That is absurd . America already has one liberal political party ; there is no need for another one . Make no mistake : Despite losing an election , conservative ideals still hold true . Government spending still does not grow our economy . American weakness on the world stage still does not lead to peace . Higher taxes still does not create prosperity for all . And , more government still does not grow jobs . Politics : Jindal stays quiet on 2016 House bid The Republican party does have a lot of work to do . But changing our principles is not a winning strategy . We need to modernize , not moderate . Here are seven lessons Republicans should learn in order to move forward . 1 . Stop looking backward . We have to boldly show what the future can look like with the free market policies that we believe in . Conservative ideals are aspirational , and our country is aspirational . 2 . Compete for every single vote . The 47 % and the 53 % . And any other combination of numbers that adds up to 100 percent . President Barack Obama and the Democrats can continue trying to divide America into groups of warring communities with competing interests , but we will have none of it . We are going after every vote as we try to unite all Americans . 3 . Reject identity politics . The old notion that ours should be a colorblind society is the right one , and we should pursue that with vigor . Identity politics is corrosive to the great American melting pot and we reject it . We will treat all people as individuals rather than as members of special interest groups . 4 . Stop being the stupid party . It 's time for a new Republican party that talks like adults . It 's time for us to articulate our plans and visions for America in real terms . We had a number of Republicans damage the brand this year with offensive and bizarre comments . Enough of that . Opinion : It was n't only minorities voting Obama 5 . Stop insulting the intelligence of voters . We need to trust the smarts of the American people . We have to stop dumbing down our ideas and stop reducing everything to mindless slogans and tag lines for 30-second ads . We must be willing to provide details in describing our views . 6 . Quit "  big . " We are not the party of big business , big banks , big Wall Street bailouts , big corporate loopholes , or big anything . We must not be the party that simply protects the well off so they can keep their toys . We have to be the party that shows all Americans how they can thrive . We are the party whose ideas will help the middle class , and help more folks join the middle class . We are a populist party and need to make that clear . 7 . Focus on people , not government . We must stop competing with Democrats for the job of "  Government Manager , " and come up with ideas that can unleash the dynamic abilities of the American people . We need to lead the way with policies that can create prosperity . We believe in organic solutions , not big government solutions . We need a bottom-up government that fits the digital age . Right now we have an outdated centralized government trying to manage a decentralized economy . Politics : Jindal slams Romney for ` gifts ' comment about minorities , young voters There are many challenges facing our country . For example , our education system seems to be in the Stone Age and miserably outdated . It 's time to update traditional public schools , charter schools , home schools , online schools and parochial schools . Let the dollars follow the child instead of forcing the child to follow the dollars , so that every child has the opportunity to attain an education . Our energy policy is outdated as well , stuck in old ideological arguments which harm our ability to create a more sustainable future where energy independence can actually be achieved . We have to change that . We need an equal opportunity society , one in which government does not see its job as picking winners and losers . Where do you go if you want special favors ? Government . Where do you go if you want a tax break ? Government . Where do you go if you want a handout ? Government . This must stop . Our government must pursue a level playing field . At present , government is the un-leveler of the playing field . This is a pathway forward for the Republican party , one that honors our principles , the American people , and also , will help us win elections .	Bobby Jindal : Republicans have been inundated with advice to abandon core values Jindal : Despite losing an election , conservative ideals still hold true He offers 7 lessons that can help his party to move forward and win future elections Jindal : GOP must compete for every vote , reject identity politics , be more smart
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The scene was more reminiscent of a Hollywood production than an elaborate prank by the Punk 'd - master himself . A banner with Ashton Kutcher 's Twitter name , aplusk , was unfurled Wednesday over the CNN logo at CNN Center . Ashton Kutcher , along with his wife , Demi Moore , dropped by Atlanta , Georgia 's CNN Center on Wednesday to fulfill his promise to "  ding-dong-ditch " CNN founder Ted Turner 's house after winning last April 's race to attract 1 million followers on the micro-blogging site Twitter . With the precision of a Hollywood director , Kutcher barked into his two-way radio as his light and sound crews followed with the Twitter entourage hot on their heels and an Internet audience watching on Ustream . Moments after Kutcher yelled "  lights " into his two-way , his crew unfurled a banner with his Twitter name , aplusk , over the CNN 's neon logo on the building . Watch how Kutcher 's prank turned out " "  You know , CNN lost . That 's what happened , " Kutcher told a tag-along crowd of more than 100 fans whom he calls "  tweeps . " "  I 'm just fulfilling a promise I made ... that I 'd do this thing and I 'm doing it . " Kutcher had challenged CNN to the Twitter race , saying he would donate 10,000 mosquito bed nets to charity for World Malaria Day if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to do the same . Follow CNN Breaking News on Twitter Kutcher reached the goal about 30 minutes before CNN passed the mark . Kutcher acknowledged Wednesday that he would have to improvise to prank Turner . "  Ted does n't really have an accessible home , and Ted does n't really have an accessible doorbell , " he said . In an earlier prank Wednesday , Kutcher and his crew arrived at a Ted 's Montana Grill restaurant , which is named after the media mogul . The group neatly stacked hundreds of boxes of Ding Dongs in front of the restaurant , then each person banged a bronze bell out front . "  Do n't be shy ; get involved , " Kutcher crowed from the top of a U-Haul van filled with Hostess Ding Dongs . "  There are 800 boxes of Ding Dongs . There are approximately 9,600 Ding Dongs here , " said the former star of MTV 's "  Punk 'd " show . "  We have to deliver these to Ted . " Turner originally founded CNN in 1980 , but he is no longer affiliated with the company .	Ashton Kutcher puts banner with Twitter name , aplusk , on CNN Center Kutcher also brought 800 boxes of Ding Dongs to restaurant named after Turner Kutcher promised to "  ding-dong-ditch " Turner if he beat CNN in Twitter race
CNN  -- Sunday is a day of mourning in Afghanistan for the victims of two landslides that turned a village into a mass grave last week . TV and radio stations suspended the broadcast of entertainment programming to commemorate Friday 's tragedy . The first landslide , triggered by heavy rain , swallowed 300 to 400 homes in the Argo district of Badakhshan province in northeastern Afghanistan , where an estimated 2,700 people lived , authorities said . When as many as 600 people from a nearby village came to help dig people out , another landslide swept through , burying most , if not all , of the rescuers , according to provincial governor Shah Waliullah Adeeb . The governor 's office said at least 2,000 people died in all . Efforts are now focused on about 4,000 survivors and evacuees . United Nations humanitarian groups are rounding up food , water and medical supplies . A NATO team is sending a C-130 transport plane from Kabul airport with supplies , including tents and blankets , officials say . Afghans are also donating to charities to help the victims . Hamim Jalalzai , an Afghan journalist , said on Facebook that he was part of a group of people who went from shop to shop in Kabul , taking up donations . Meteorologists warn that potential rain forecast for Monday and Tuesday could further hamper rescue efforts and trigger another landslide . Michael Martinez , Yousuf Basil and Qadir Sediqi contributed to this story .	NEW : TV and radio suspend entertainment programming to mourn victims of landslides The site in Badakhshan province has been declared a mass grave Authorities are now scrambling to help 4,000 survivors and evacuees More rain in the forecast creates fear there may be another landslide
Hong Kong  CNN  -- While only the highest echelons of North Korea 's opaque leadership will know the full financial cost of Wednesday 's launch , South Korea 's government estimates Pyongyang spent $ 1.3 billion on its rocket program this year . The two rockets launched this year -- this week 's mission and a failed attempt in April -- cost $ 600 million , while the launch site itself is estimated at $ 400 million . Other related facilities add another $ 300 million , according to an official from South Korea 's Ministry of Unification . "  This is equivalent to acquiring 4.6 million tons of corn , " the official said . "  If this was used for solving the food shortage issue , North Koreans would not have to worry about food for four to five years . " Whatever the cost , what is known is that North Korea is one of the poorest countries in Asia , with an economy worth just $ 40 billion , according to the CIA World Factbook . But the price of North Korea 's rocket launches might be lower than government estimates because North Korean workers earn much less than their southern neighbors , says Cheong Wook-Sik , Director of South Korea 's Peace Network in Seoul . The Kaesong industrial complex , on the border with South Korea , has some of the country 's highest wage earners at about $ 100 per month , says Cheong , 14-year chief of the South Korean non-governmental organization . "  This is very high compared to the rest of North Korea . If you 're not working in Kaesong , the average worker salary drops to an average of perhaps $ 50 per month . " Prior to Wednesday 's launch , South Korea threatened tougher sanctions on North Korea in the footsteps of a 2007 freeze on North Korean funds held at Banco Delta Asia in the Chinese territory of Macau . Cheong says some $ 25 million are still frozen there -- illicit funds from money laundering and drug trafficking by the North Korean regime . "  But in order to impose further sanctions , China 's involvement is necessary " because Beijing is Pyongyang 's closest ally in the world , Cheong said . "  I do n't think financial sanctions against North Korea are the best course of action because that can make the situation out of control . " But the financial cost and any risk of further sanctions may be a tradeoff for internal political gain as leader Kim Jong-Un tries to solidify his grip on power , as Wednesday 's launch comes near the first-year death anniversary of his father , Kim Jong-Il , on December 17 . Read more : What does North Korea 's planned rocket launch mean ? Indeed , Cheong believes the main audience for Wednesday 's rocket launch is North Korea 's own citizens -- not the rest of the world . "  If North Korea succeeds in launching a satellite , North Korea propaganda may spin this by saying the country has become a prosperous and strong nation . That will help Kim Jong-Un both consolidate his power and help maintain the legacy of his father . " If there is a message to the international community , adds Cheong , it may be that North Korea is implying "  our satellite launch means we have nuclear weapons , we have a delivery system . " Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report from Seoul	South Korea : Cost of Pyongyang 's two rocket launches estimated at $ 1.3 billion North Korea appears to have successfully launched a rocket after a failed April mission Official : Cost of 2012 rocket program could feed North Koreans for "  four to five years " Analyst : main audience for Wednesday 's rocket launch is North Korea 's own citizens
EW.com  -- The July 20 shooting spree at a midnight screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises " in Aurora , Colorado , seems ultimately to have had a relatively modest impact on the release of the superhero blockbuster , at least in terms of its box-office performance . But it has thrown a major wrench into Warner Bros. ' plans for another film , the upcoming action-drama "  Gangster Squad . " In the immediate wake of the shooting , the studio pulled the trailers for the film , which -- in a grisly unintended echo of the Aurora tragedy -- featured a scene of mobsters bursting through a movie screen and firing machine guns at people seated in a movie theater . Days later , the studio and director Ruben Fleischer  "  Zombieland "  decided to cut , or at least extensively rework , that scene . Given that the movie-theater-gangland-massacre sequence was a key plot point in the film -- which stars Josh Brolin and Ryan Gosling as Los Angeles cops assigned to take down real-life 1940s mob kingpin Mickey Cohen  Sean Penn  -- any changes to it inevitably would necessitate script revisions and reshoots , jeopardizing the film 's planned Sept. 7 release date . Now a source confirms that Warner Bros. is pulling the film off of the fall schedule . No new date has been determined yet , though according to the Hollywood Reporter , the studio is eyeing dates in January as a possibility . Warner Bros. declined to comment on the decision , but clearly moving the film will both allow the filmmakers the time required to make changes to the movie and give the studio an opportunity to reboot a marketing campaign that was derailed by horrible circumstances no one could have foreseen . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Gangster Squad " has been postponed The trailer was pulled from "  The Dark Knight Rises " screenings because it featured a theater massacre Warner Bros. declined to comment on the decision
CNN  -- The mother of an 11-year-old boy who hanged himself after allegedly being bullied at a Georgia school says her daughter also has been a victim of taunting . Masika Bermudez-Carrasquillo , who Friday asked the White House for help in a campaign to end school bullying , said her daughter , 12 , was also recently harassed by a boy who kept referring to her dead brother . The boy was disciplined but still taunted the girl before he was suspended and his mother withdrew him from a middle school , she said . Since then , the boy 's mom has failed to meet with her , Bermudez said . "  I guess she does n't care . " The mother , who wrote a letter to President Barack Obama about bullying , held a news conference Friday to ask for help . Jaheem Herrera was found dead in his closet in April . "  Til this day , I live with that memory of seeing my son hanging in the closet ; my daughters are so hurt too , " Bermudez wrote in the letter . Bermudez told CNN that Jaheem , a fifth-grader , had been complaining about bullying at Dunaire Elementary School in DeKalb County . Bermudez said that at the time , she did not know that the bullying had gotten so bad . Friday , she indicated Jaheem once passed out after boys put him in a sleeper hold at the school . Administrators and others wo n't take responsibility for this and other incidents at the school , she said . "  I feel like I failed him , " Bermudez said of Jaheem . "  I ca n't get justice . A year has passed , and they keep denying it . " Her letter asked for assistance from the White House . "  Mr. President , bullying is still an issue here in Georgia , and all over the United States . Our children are dying , because they think this is the only way out . I think parents and administrators should be held accountable for the safety problems in the nation 's classrooms , " Bermudez said . She says her son 's case helped to get a new anti-bullying law passed in Georgia . The law , which pushes schools to aggressively investigate bullying incidents and provide counseling to victims , is scheduled to go into effect in 2011 . But Bermudez said more needs to be done . "  No other parent should feel the pain I feel . Mr. President , I need your help , " she wrote . "  It is my hope that you hear my plea and join the campaign for Justice for Jaheem . " Families of bullying victims should be able to file federal lawsuits against local officials and parents of those who bully , she said . Gerald Rose , who heads the nonprofit New Order National Human Rights Organization , said the type of discipline that might prevent bullying needs to begin at the home . "  We need to get justice for this mom , " Rose said . CNN 's Max Newfield contributed to this report .	Mother says her daughter also has been bullied Masika Bermudez says she wrote a letter to the president She says her son complained about bullying before he killed himself 11-year-old Jaheem Herrera was found dead in his closet in April
The auction room -- standing room only -- broke into applause when the hammer finally went down . On sale was a tiny , white cup decorated with chickens , and the buyer was a prolific art collector from Shanghai , Liu Yiqian . At a price of HK$ 281.24 million  $ 36.05 million  , it was a record sale for auction house Sotheby 's -- the highest price reached for a Chinese porcelain artifact . The previous record , HK$ 252.6 million  $ 32.4 million  , was reached in 2010 for a Qianlong period vase , also at a Sotheby 's sale . "  Holy grail " The 500-plus-year old Meiyintang Chenghua "  Chicken Cup , " is one of a reported 17 existing worldwide , most of which reside in museums , with a small number -- like Liu 's new acquisition -- in private hands . It is so-called because of the decoration painted on its surface , showing two roosters , and a chicken tending her chicks . "  About a hundred years after they were made , in the late Ming dynasty , they were already highly sought after by emperors , " Nicolas Chow , deputy chairman of Sotheby 's Asia and international head of Fine Chinese Ceramics and Works of Art , tells CNN . "  By the late 17th century they were considered the most expensive objects money could buy . " The record-breaking piece was the latest apogee in a spiraling global art auction market . The auction house describes it as "  arguably the most celebrated porcelain throughout the centuries . " The piece was fired in the imperial kiln during the 15th century . Liu will house the incredibly rare item , known in collectors ' circles as the "  holy grail " of Chinese ceramics , in his private Long Museum in Shanghai . Chinese money , Chinese art Liu is one of China 's ultra-wealthy with an estimated net worth of $ 900 million , a former taxi driver who made his fortune in finance . He has said he "  does n't care " about the price of the cup . Growing economic power from China , especially from super-rich Chinese collectors like Liu has contributed to Hong Kong 's transformation into one of the world 's auction hubs , and inflated prices around the globe . "  I think we 're in a one-way elevator upwards in terms of prices for Chinese art , " says Chow . "  I think there 's no possible drop in the price of Chinese antiques . " However , given the significance of this sale and the rarity and fame of the piece in question , Chow believes that the record is safe for a while . "  Objects of this kind of rarity ... there are n't many of them so I ca n't see  this record being broken  for a few years . " Art or garbage ? The sale does raise questions about the value of art in today 's market , especially coming hot on the heels of the news that cleaners in a luxury Hong Kong hotel accidentally threw out a painting valued at almost HK$ 29 million  $ 3.7 million  . The South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese ink wash painting , "  Snowy Mountain , " part of an auction hosted by the Grand Hyatt hotel , was seen being dumped by cleaners on security footage . The garbage was taken to a Hong Kong landfill but attempts to recover the painting so far have remained fruitless .	A small "  Chicken Cup " breaks the record for a Chinese porcelain artifact sold at auction An ultra-rich Chinese collector bought the object for more than $ 36 million Hong Kong , now an international auction hub , is popular among collectors from China Cleaners at a luxury hotel in the city mistakenly threw out a valuable painting
London  CNN  It flew for 10 years , crossed millions of miles of space , bounced over the surface of a comet and returned heaps of data ... and then quietly faded away . The little spacecraft Philae that has captured the imagination of thousands with endearing tweets to the comet-chasing mother ship Rosetta stopped transmitting when its batteries drained . " @ESA_Rosetta I 'm feeling a bit tired did you get all my data ? I might take a nap ... " The forlorn message was picked up by followers of @Philae2014 shortly before it fell silent . Rosetta and Philae 's love affair The Rosetta orbiter mission will continue to track Comet 67P on its journey around the sun in the coming months but after the final transmission from Philae , the lander mission appeared to be over . But is it ? Scientists from the European Space Agency  ESA  , which is leading a consortium that includes NASA to find out more about the composition of comets and how they interact with the sun , say there 's still a good chance that Philae will revive . And the malfunction that caused the probe to bounce in the very weak gravity might actually turn out to be a blessing . "  It 's good luck through bad luck , " said lander system engineer Laurence O'Rourke . "  Yep , we 're stuck against a wall . But when you look at the original location of where we were supposed to land -- it 's a beautifully flat area -- we would never have seen the images and the structures of the comet wall unless we landed where we did . We 'd have been in a dust field , " he told CNN . "  We 've had a number of happy accidents . It 's bad luck that we bounced but the good luck is that all the instruments were on ... so what you have is a major scientific benefit -- results from two different locations when we were only expecting one . " Lander problems started when a thruster and harpoons designed to anchor the small probe to the comet failed . Philae bounced away from the original target touchdown area and appears to have settled under the face of a cliff . Project scientists are still not exactly sure where , even though the lander performed its experiments and sent back data . Philae falls silent O'Rourke said the team are still searching for it and that the location will be key to estimating when a new signal might come from the spacecraft . He explained that the final resting place of Philae did not allow enough sunlight to fall on the solar panels so the probe ran out of power . It was able to complete its original mission , operating on the comet from the initial battery charge . But before Philae closed down , engineers managed to rotate the probe so a larger solar panel would be exposed to sunlight and they believe this will be enough to automatically restart the spacecraft when the comet 's orbit takes it closer to the sun . Again , scientists think this shadowy spot on the comet might be another stroke of luck . The original landing zone would have exposed Philae to temperatures that would have burned out the electronics -- probably after about three months . "  The lander has the ability of keeping itself warm but does n't have the capability to cool itself down , " O'Rourke told CNN . "  The current environment benefits the lander because we 're not worried about it overheating any more . We can keep it warm if we get enough power , " he said . O'Rourke believes that if the lander comes back online there 's a high chance it will survive until the comet 's closest approach to the sun in August next year . So how does Philae come back from the dead ? O'Rourke explains the sequence : - If enough sunlight falls on the solar panel , Philae will reboot - It then needs more energy to warm the batteries - Once warmed , the batteries will start recharging - When it has enough power Philae will try to contact the orbiting Rosetta -- for two minutes every 30 minutes . - If it fails to make contact , Philae will power down the transmitter and try again 30 minutes later The power it needs is tiny -- roughly equivalent to the output of two or three domestic AA batteries -- but it will be enough to restart the lander mission . When the Rosetta team find Philae they will then be able to estimate the point at which enough sunlight falls on the solar panel to expect a transmission from the probe , announcing that it 's still alive . As long as it does n't get too cold there 's still hope . In a statement , lander project manager Stephan Ulamec said he was confident that contact could be resumed -- probably in the spring of 2015 . In the meantime , scientists are sifting through the data from Philae 's 10 instruments to see what they may have already discovered . "  When you look at what Philae 's done -- it 's been quite extraordinary , " said O'Rourke . "  A little satellite placed on a comet so far away -- you 're always rooting for it . To give it that extra chance to have more power felt really good , " he said . Watch Rosetta 's 10-year chase across the solar system Interactive : Rosetta and its mission	The comet lander Philae fell silent when its batteries drained Scientists are confident communication can resume when sun warms the spacecraft Rosetta will continue to orbit Comet 67P into 2015 as it tracks around the sun Project members are trying to find Philae after it bounced across comet 's surface
CNN  -- Which football team has the best record in one of Europe 's elite leagues ? Well it is n't Barcelona or Real Madrid , Manchester United or Chelsea , or even one of the Milan giants . In fact , a 2-1 victory at the home of German champions Bayern Munich has put this particular side , who are virtually unknown outside their native country , on the verge of entering the record books . The "  Carnival Boys " of FSV Mainz 05 , the club that represents the city of the same name on the west bank of the Rhine , will equal a Bundesliga record of seven straight wins from the start of the season if they beat Hoffenheim this weekend . Mainz are nicknamed the "  Carnival Boys " for good reason . From November through to March , every year , the city plays host to the "  Mainzer Fastnacht " a traditional carnival that places an emphasis on political and literary humor and commentary . It is an important and long-standing event in the German calendar and the football club has embraced the cultural significance that the carnival brings with it . German football expert Rafael Honigstein told CNN that Mainz had risen to the summit of the Bundesliga by creating a similar party atmosphere around the club . "  The youth and exuberance of the side blends in perfectly with the party atmosphere that the city of Mainz cultivates , " said Honigstein . "  Mainz have always been known as the carnival club . The players have a close link with the fans and go and celebrate with them at the end of each game , win , lose or draw . "  In the past they were just happy to be members of the Bundesliga -- and that was worth a celebration in itself . But now with the success of this young team , some of the players have taken things one step further . "  Three of the players , Lewis Holtby , Andre Schurrle and Adam Szalai , have taken on the self-proclaimed title of the ` Mainz Boyband . ' When anybody scores a goal they start playing imaginary musical instruments . One is the guitarist , one the drummer and also the singer . "  It has become a big theme for the players and the team are riding the crest of a wave on the back of the atmosphere generated by coach Thomas Tuchel , himself only 37 . "  Basically Tuchel is a coaching genius , he is just like  Real Madrid coach  Jose Mourinho -- but minus the ego , " added Honigstein . That interaction with their supporters is another ingredient which sets Mainz apart from the majority of their Bundesliga rivals . Frank Trautman , a spokesman for the Mainz supporters ' club , told CNN : "  The atmosphere for home matches is unbelievable and I love the fact the profile of the team and the city has risen during this winning run . "  For a long time there has been a great rapport between the fans and the players -- and the media have really picked up on the fact that the players like to party with the fans . "  The image of Mainz , both the team and the city , used to be of people and players not to be taken seriously . But now , with our current success , we are being seen in a different light . " And Mainz 's success on the pitch is now translating to an increased awareness of the city off the pitch . With the carnival just over a month away , the city is now suddenly on the front pages , as well as the back pages , of national newspapers . "  We are starting to get more emails and queries about the carnival and the city , " Ralf Peterhanwahr -- a press officer for the city of Mainz -- told CNN . "  The team are now being viewed as being young , successful and good looking and that is a great image for the city to have , especially with the carnival almost upon us . "  The people of Mainz love to party and having the team making the headlines is the best advertisement the city can have . Everybody in Germany is talking about Mainz now . " And not just in Germany ; should Hoffenheim go the same way as Bayern Munich this weekend , the "  Carnival Boys " will once again be making headlines across Europe .	Bundesliga minnows Mainz have won their first six matches this season Their latest victory saw them stun giants Bayern Munich 2-1 at the Allianz Arena Mainz 's prominence has come under the guidance of young coach Thomas Tuchel They will equal the German record of seven straight victories if they defeat Hoffenheim
CNN  -- A communication breakdown has left people in anxious limbo around the globe with those outside Haiti not knowing whether loved ones there survived a major earthquake , and those in Haiti unable to get word out that they 're safe . With few phone calls going through in the Caribbean nation in the aftermath of Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake , people were driven to texting , social networking sites and other online communication . Thousands of people reached out through CNN 's iReport Web page , posting pictures of missing loved ones and asking anyone with information to contact them . Pleas for help filled page after page on iReports , including :  Johanna Neyra , who was trying to track down her cousin and his wife , Luis and Heidy Carazas . Luis Carazas works for the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince , in the Haitian capital . "  His family is very concerned in Peru , " said Neyra , who waited for word of their fate , knowing the official Vatican newspaper had reported that Joseph Serge Miot , the Roman Catholic archbishop of Port-au-Prince , had died in the earthquake .  Naeemah Carre of Garden City , New York , reported no success in trying to raise her brother and six other relatives via e-mail and Facebook .  New York City resident Marie Aline Sillice had not heard from her father , Frangel Victor Sillice , or her cousin Yvon Consean , who were to have been traveling outside the Haitian capital on Tuesday .  Chico and Kathleen Boyer waited in Brooklyn , New York , to hear from daughter Maureen , who moved to Haiti two weeks ago . A number of aunts and cousins also were missing . Maureen Boyer posted to her Twitter account late Tuesday afternoon , but had not been heard from since . "  When the earthquake hit , she may have been home already or on the road close to home , " Kathleen Boyer said in her iReport . "  We ca n't get through to the consulate to report her as a missing U.S. citizen . "  Renee Guercia of Muttontown , New York , waited for word about her 71-year-old father , Joseph , who was in Port-au-Prince on business when the quake hit . Joseph Guercia was meeting with an associate , John Scarborough , on the fifth floor of the Hotel Montana when the shaking began . "  They were having a conversation when the earthquake hit and the roof caved in , " Renee Guercia said . "  John called out for my dad and there was no response . " Scarborough -- knocked unconscious -- was later rescued from the rubble of the hotel and airlifted to Miami , Guercia said . The Red Cross , as part of its relief effort , has set up a Web page to assist people who have lost contact with someone in Haiti . More than 1,000 names were on the list early Thursday . Impact Your World : How you can help In Port-au-Prince , residents reached out to CNN reporters , pressing bits of paper into their hands with personal information , in the hope that television could tell of their survival after phone lines had failed them . "  It just rings , but nobody answers and we have no communication right now in Haiti , " Jean Desroches told CNN 's John Zarrella in the Little Haiti neighborhood in Miami , Florida . "  It 's worse not knowing . That is my problem right now . " CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Communication breakdown in Haiti leaves people around world anxious over fate of loved ones Few phone calls going through in Haiti in the aftermath of Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake People were driven to texting , social networking sites and other online communication Thousands reached out through CNN 's iReport Web page , asking for information
CNN  -- BUPA is an international health and care company with bases on three continents and more than eight million customers . BUPA began as The British United Provident Association in 1947 to preserve freedom of choice in health care . It believed that with a National Health Service being introduced a year later , there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where , when and by whom they were treated . Led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation BUPA initiated the Nuffield Homes Charitable Trust - later renamed Nuffield Hospitals . BUPA 's biggest and original business is health insurance in the UK , both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees . More than half of the UK 's top companies are BUPA customers . The company 's UK care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly , the mentally ill , young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as Parkinson 's and Huntington 's diseases . BUPA is a leading healthcare company in the UK , Spain , Australia , Ireland , Hong Kong , Thailand , Malta and Saudi Arabia . BUPA International supplies health cover to expatriates in over 180 countries . Sanitas , the BUPA business in Spain , has one million insured customers who have access to a network of 18,000 medical professionals and 450 medical centres . E-mail to a friend	BUPA was founded in 1947 in response to plans to establish the NHS The company 's biggest base is in the UK but has customers in three continents BUPA care homes cater for a number of conditions , including Parkinson 's
New York  CNN  -- It 's finally here ! No , not the post-Christmas store sales or the impending New Year 's Eve festivities . I 'm talking about the annual avalanche of "  Year in Review " articles re-telling us about the "  top " stories of 2011 : The Royal Wedding , Osama Bin Laden 's death , the Arab Spring , Occupy Wall Street , Charlie Sheen 's meltdown , blah , blah , blah . Why does the media feel compelled to explain to us yet again the events that we all collectively experienced and were already covered ad nauseum just a few months ago ? I prefer that we focus not on the past , but on the events we wish had happened in the past year . Or at least the ones I wish had occurred . Of course , I 'm a comedian , so the events I hoped for may not actually be good for our country , but potentially they would have been great for comedy . So here are the top political headlines that I would have loved to see in 2011 : 1 . "  Texas Gov. Rick Perry forgets his first name . " Who can forget  except for maybe Rick Perry  the November 9 presidential debate when Perry famously blanked when trying to remember the name of the third government agency he wanted to eliminate ? I wish Perry had done this more often -- forgetting dates , statistics , maybe even one of the names of the other presidential candidates during a debate , forcing him to cover with lines like : "  I have to disagree with the guy who has been married a bunch of times and has a really weird first name . "  Can you guess who I mean ? 2 . "  Joe Biden goes on a national speaking tour . " Vice President Biden is President Obama 's "  fat friend " who makes Obama look more attractive every time Biden opens his mouth . His penchant for putting his foot in his mouth is a bad trait for a politician , but as a comedian , I view Biden 's speaking gaffes as Christmas year round . Joe Biden is the guy who thoughtfully remarked : "  God rest her soul , " when speaking of the prime minister of Ireland 's mother . Only problem was that the prime minister 's mother was still very much alive . And who can forget when Biden exclaimed at a campaign event : "  Stand up , Chuck , let 'em see ya , " to Missouri state Sen. Chuck Graham , a man who uses a wheelchair . And earlier this year , Biden gave us even more comedy when he announced at an event in Indiana : "  Senator Gard is here , wan na recognize him , I was told he was here . " Which would 've been fine if Senator Gard 's first name was not Beverly and if "  he " was not actually a "  she . " In 2012 , we need to get Biden out of the White House and in front of a microphone as often as possible . 3 . "  U.S. Congress agrees to trial by combat to resolve disagreements . " Finally , something that is both potentially hilarious and could end the gridlock in Washington . This battle could have taken place at The Medieval Times theme restaurant conveniently located in nearby Hanover , Maryland . There , Democrats and Republicans from both the House and Senate would have squared off in epic battle of steed and steel as they waged attacks on each other armed with lances and armor piercing maces to determine which political party 's agenda would be adopted . 4 . "  Mitt Romney challenges every American to a $ 10,000 bet . " Romney -- fresh off challenging Texas Gov. Rick Perry to a $ 10,000 bet about his stand  s  on health care -- doubles down by offering to bet any American citizen $ 10,000 about any issue of their choosing . This could have been a mini-stimulus plan for many American families who might have prevailed on the bet . 5 . "  Democratic congressmen Anthony Weiner and David Wu remain in Congress and keep tweeting and emailing people . " These guys were both comedy gold but only while they were still in Congress . Weiner , of course , tweeted photos of himself partially nude to different people -- which on one level was the most original  and comedic  constituent outreach program in the history of Congress . David Wu 's troubles were not as well documented by the media . This Oregon congressman resigned because of a sex scandal but not before he had emailed to congressional staffers a photo of himself dressed like a tiger . If Wu had stayed in Congress , we could have been treated to him wearing even more costumes -- maybe Wu would have attended Congressional committee hearings dressed like the donkey from "  Shrek " or even as "  Harry Potter . " But alas we will never know the full comedy potential of these two because of their abrupt resignations from Congress . 6 . "  Rick Perry makes even more horrible campaign commercials . " Perry 's campaign ad opposing gays serving openly in the military may have statistically been one of the most "  disliked " videos ever on YouTube but it was loved by comedians . No ad ever featured such a bizarre mixed message : Perry bragging about his opposition to gay marriage while paradoxically wearing a jacket made famous by one of the gay cowboy characters in "  Brokeback Mountain . " I wish Perry would have done a new campaign ad talking about protecting the environment while dressed in a suit made of baby seal pups covered in oil . 7 . "  Sarah Palin announces her candidacy for president of the United States " This is the headline I most wished for in 2011 . Palin has the potential to eclipse the golden age of political comedy provided to comedians by George W. Bush . Her gaffes and missteps have secured her a place in the Dan Quayle political comedy museum -- which I hope to build one day . Who can forget Palin referring to the fighting in Libya as a "  squirmish " -- a word which sends my spell check into an endless loop . Or Palin sharing her foreign policy prowess with the comment : "  But obviously , we 've got to stand with our North Korean allies . " And just a few months ago , she gave us this comedy classic : Paul Revere warned the British during the Revolutionary war . Ahh ... I get a bit misty thinking about what could have been if Sarah ran for President . Do n't get me wrong , from a comedic point of view , 2011 was a pretty good year , but I think we all can agree that it could have been funnier . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah says 2011 was a good year for comedy , but it could have been better He says more forgetfulness by Rick Perry and more speeches by Joe Biden would have helped His biggest disappointment : Sarah Palin is n't running for president
CNN  -- On February 3 , the Baltimore Ravens beat the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII in what was a thrilling finale to the NFL season . While that game was played almost three months ago , do n't be fooled into thinking that the NFL went into hibernation . Quite the contrary -- teams , fans and pundits alike quickly turned their attention to this year 's NFL Draft . What is the Draft to the NFL ? Think of the Champions League group stage draw . While that takes place in Monaco , the NFL Draft is held in New York City , with neither event involving a playing ball . Over the years , the Draft has arguably been the second biggest single-day U.S. sporting event behind only the Super Bowl . That may be why league officials expanded it to three days back in 2010 . For months on end , team scouts , coaches , and officials do their best to evaluate young college talent from across the country in the hope of picking the right players that they are confident will turn into superstars . In the course of just three days , the NFL 's 32 teams get to pick in seven rounds , which amounts to over 250 players being selected . While many of the aforementioned players pan out and turn into stars , a large number of them flop on the biggest stage . Think of 1998 . The number one pick was Peyton Manning , who went on to become a four-time NFL Most Valuable Player and Super Bowl champion . But the number two pick that year was Ryan Leaf -- arguably the biggest bust in NFL history after he was released just a few years into his career . Do the latter rounds matter ? Most definitely , as one of the most famous diamonds in the rough -- Tom Brady -- was picked in the sixth round of the 2000 Draft and 199th overall . Brady has since guided the New England Patriots to five Super Bowl appearances , winning three of them . While the Super Bowl has always been "  the " event in the U.S. , the NFL Draft has steadily gathered more steam through the decades to be what it is today . The first one -- held in 1936 -- was held in Philadelphia and featured players ' names written on a blackboard from which teams would choose from . Fast forward to the present day . The event is held in New York City 's Radio City Music Hall , with rabid NFL fans allowed to attend , and most importantly , all three days televised nationally with non-stop coverage . The spectacle of young and promising college football players being selected by legendary NFL franchises now garners so much interest , that day one of the Draft is watched by more people than an NBA Finals game -- that 's including LeBron James and the Miami Heat 's triumph last season . How many of the more than 250 players selected will pan out ? Only time will tell . But one thing is certain : time has cemented the NFL Draft as must-see television in the U.S.	Top college talent is selected in NFL Draft Over 250 players are selected by 32 teams -- in reverse order according to the previous year 's standings The Draft is held in New York City 's Radio City Music Hall Event hugely popular with NFL fans
Washington  CNN  -- Top American officials welcomed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's decision to step down Friday but urged all sides in Egypt 's rapidly unfolding political drama to ensure a peaceful transition to democracy . "  The people of Egypt have spoken , " President Barack Obama said at the White House . "  Their voices have been heard , and Egypt will never be the same . " Obama said the sudden conclusion to Mubarak 's three-decade rule was not "  the end of Egypt 's transition . It 's a beginning . " The U.S. president warned that there are "  tough days ahead " for Egypt but declared his confidence in the ability of the Egyptian people to "  find the answers " they are seeking "  peacefully , constructively and in the spirit of unity that has defined these last few weeks . " "  Nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day , " he declared , promising that his administration is ready to provide assistance to America 's longtime Middle Eastern ally . Obama praised the Egyptian military for acting responsibly over the past three weeks and urged it to help ensure a credible transition that , among other things , ends emergency rule , ensures the enactment of key legal reforms and brings "  all of Egypt 's voices to the table . " "  The wheel of history turned at a blinding pace " the past few weeks and disproved the notion that "  justice is gained by violence , " Obama concluded . "  In Egypt , it was the moral force of nonviolence -- not terrorism , not mindless killing ... that bent the arc of history toward justice once more . " The president spent part of the afternoon huddling with his national security team in the White House Situation Room , said Tommy Vietor , a spokesman for the National Security Council . Obama was in a meeting in the Oval Office when he learned that Mubarak was stepping down , Vietor noted . The president watched television coverage of the events in Egypt for several minutes afterward , Vietor said . Obama did not talk to Mubarak or Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman before the announcement of Mubarak 's resignation , according to White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . Gibbs , however , also appeared to indicate that administration officials may have known Mubarak was stepping down before the official announcement was made in Cairo . The White House had indications "  that the last speeches may not have been given " by authorities after Mubarak delivered his poorly received address to the Egyptian people Thursday night , Gibbs said . Vice President Joe Biden , speaking earlier to an audience in Kentucky , said the developments in Egypt marked a day of "  historic " and "  dramatic " change . Violence and intimidation against protesters in the days ahead remains unacceptable , he warned . The universal rights of people "  must be respected " and their "  aspirations met . " Moments after the news broke , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , issued a statement urging a peaceful transition . "  I am pleased that President Mubarak has heard and heeded the voice of the Egyptian people , who have called for change , " Reid said . But "  it is crucial that Mubarak 's departure be an orderly one and that it leads to true democracy for Egypt , including free , fair and open elections . " He added , "  We caution all sides against violence during this transition . " Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , released a statement calling Mubarak 's resignation "  an extraordinary moment for Egypt . " But "  what happens next will have repercussions far beyond Egypt 's borders , " he said . "  We know from recent experience in Gaza that this requires not just elections , but hard work to build a government that is transparent , accountable , and broadly representative . " Gaza is currently governed by the militant Islamic group Hamas . Florida GOP Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , the chairwoman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , released a statement urging "  the unequivocal rejection of any involvement by the Muslim Brotherhood and other extremists " in the transition of power . Egyptians should reject those who "  seek to exploit and hijack these events to gain power , oppress the Egyptian people , and do great harm to Egypt 's relationship with the United States , Israel , and other free nations , " she said . Former President Jimmy Carter , a key architect of the 1978 Camp David accords between Egypt and Israel , noted that Mubarak 's resignation was "  only a first step toward self-governance " in Egypt and called for a "  genuinely competitive and credible democratic presidential and parliamentary election process " this year . Gibbs , expressing concern over relations between Egypt and Israel , said it 's important for the next government in Cairo to recognize the Camp David accords . Gibbs also took a swipe at the Iranian regime , saying "  there is quite a contrast " between the way "  the government of Egypt and the people of Egypt are interacting " and the way the Iranian government is treating its people . Tehran is "  scared , " Gibbs said . The Iranian government "  has met the concerns of its people with threatening to kill them . " As the Obama administration reacted , Washington was using a variety of intelligence assets to see what was happening in Cairo and other Egyptian cities , CNN has learned . The U.S. military and intelligence community are using "  national technical means " in the sky over Egypt to gather information about the demonstrations and the deployment of Egyptian security forces . The phrase "  national technical means " is used by the U.S. government to generally refer to the use of reconnaissance satellites to gather imagery or signals intelligence . A senior U.S. official with direct knowledge of the operation confirmed the intelligence-gathering but declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the matter . The official declined to say to what extent the Egyptian government is aware of the activity . The official would not say specifically which intelligence-gathering elements were being used but indicated that operations were being conducted in a manner that would not be visible to the Egyptian populace . The official said the decision to use intelligence-gathering assets came in part after violence erupted in the early days of the Cairo demonstrations . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Barbara Starr , John King , Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	"  The wheel of history turned at a blinding pace , " Obama says Vice President Joe Biden hails "  historic " and "  dramatic " change in Egypt Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , urges all sides in Egypt to refrain from violence The U.S. government is using various intelligence assets to keep tabs on the situation
Rome  CNN  A destination for the destitute , Sicily is the "  promised land " for thousands of migrants and refugees making the desperate journey from North Africa to Europe 's Mediterranean coast . More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone , according to the Italian Coast Guard . Stories of death at sea and unimaginable suffering are nothing new in the waters between North Africa and Italy ; boat people have been arriving on Italy 's islands for more than a decade . But what makes the current influx different is the increase in numbers and the absence of control from the ports of embarkation , specifically those in Libya , because when Moammar Gadhafi was in control , he also controlled the flow of migrant ships . In 2008 , the-then Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Gadhafi signed an historic friendship agreement in which Italy promised to invest $ 5 billion in Libyan infrastructure and Gadhafi promised to close what he described as a "  spigot " of migrants . During a three-day state visit to Italy in August 2010 , he famously threatened to "  turn Europe black " if Libya did not enjoy cordial relations with the European Union . After the agreement , Gadhafi kept his promise and the number of arrivals drastically decreased . For a time , almost all migrant arrivals came from Tunisia , just 70 miles from the Italian island of Lampedusa . Because Italy sent most of those migrants who did not qualify for political asylum back to Tunisia , the flow eventually tapered off . And once a new Tunisian government was in place , after the Arab Spring , Italy signed an accord with Tunisia in which they promised to help patrol Tunisia 's ports . But after Gadhafi was overthrown , the flow of migrants from Libya exploded again : the International Organization for Migration  IOM  in Rome told CNN that more than 140,000 migrants arrived from the North Africa coast in 2011 . In October 2013 , after a tragic boat accident off the coast of Lampedusa in which 349 people -- including an infant still attached to its mother by the umbilical cord -- died , trapped like sardines in their smugglers ' boat as it sank , Italy decided it had to act . In November of 2013 , the Italian Navy launched a $ 9M-a-month search-and-rescue program called Mare Nostrum , in which Italian naval ships patrolled the seas to rescue migrants . In just one year , the program rescued more than 160,000 migrants , according to the Italian Navy . Due to budget constraints and criticism from the European Union that the program itself was encouraging migrants to head across the Mediterranean , the mission ended in October 2014 . By the end of the year , more than 174,000 people had been rescued in Italy ; an estimated 3,072 people died making the journey , according to the IOM . In November last year , the European Union 's border control , Frontex , started its own mission -- Triton -- with a budget of less than a third that of Mare Nostrum . Frontex has no vessels or surveillance equipment of its own , so has to rely on European member states to lend them ships ; a ship from Iceland , at the far north of the continent , is currently involved in Frontex 's operations off southern Europe . When Italy ended Mare Nostrum , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres warned that some European governments were making "  keeping foreigners out a higher priority than upholding asylum standards . " "  This is a mistake , and precisely the wrong reaction for an era in which record numbers of people are fleeing wars , " Guterres told a UNHCR policy meeting . "  Security and immigration management are concerns for any country , but policies must be designed in a way that human lives do not end up becoming collateral damage . " Once migrants arrive in Italy , they are supposed to be processed for political asylum and monitored until it is granted or denied , but Italy has been sanctioned by the European Union for not fingerprinting new arrivals . By law , Italy has to take care of the arrivals , but many have no intention of staying in the country , and few of the reception centers are gated , meaning migrants can come and go as they please . And with no physical border controls between Italy and other European countries , they can then disperse across the continent . Moutassem Yazbek , 27 , an IT specialist who worked for six years in Dubai , arrived in Sicily in December on board a smuggler 's boat . He told CNN he was never fingerprinted in Italy , and eventually made it to Germany where he is studying to learn the language and find work . He says the human trafficking network is a finely-oiled machine that fills a growing need . "  I would have done anything to get here , " Yazbek said . "  It was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear . Hard as that may be to believe , it is a better life . "	Tens of thousands of migrants and refugees risk the perilous journey across the Mediterranean every year Many make the trip in dangerous boats owned by people smugglers ; thousands have died along the way in recent years
CNN  -- Last month I joined Earvin "  Magic " Johnson to watch the Los Angeles Clippers and Golden State Warriors at the Staples Center , and I became immersed in the excitement of a great NBA game . My excitement would later turn into disappointment and anger as a result of the controversial statements made by Clippers owner Don Sterling . All of his statements are troubling , but his most recent -- that Magic Johnson has n't done anything to help the black community -- is just dead wrong . That Sterling -- who has until May 27 to respond to the NBA 's charges and efforts to terminate his ownership rights -- equates help with handouts shows his flawed and outdated understanding of charity and philanthropy . While Sterling gave an inconsequential amount of cash to the L.A. chapter of the NAACP to help dilute his well-documented record of racism , Magic used his millions to bring economic development to struggling black communities , to create businesses and jobs , to encourage black entrepreneurship and to inspire other black businessmen and businesswomen to invest in inner cities . The protracted discourse this country has been having about race and the NBA offers a real opportunity to foster a more long-term solution to the economic disparity in black communities . The NBA and players should work together to create more pathways to team ownership and more business opportunities across the league 's supply chain for African-Americans and other minorities . This would be good not only for the league and players , but for minority businesses , fans , and the many youngsters who aspire to sports careers . I ca n't think of a better person to help lead such efforts than Magic . What Sterling does n't understand , but Magic does , is that "  help " in the 21st century economy is about investing in people and communities so that they can become economically empowered . It 's about providing opportunities that can make individuals more financially independent and make black families more financially solvent . It 's about creating businesses that bring money into black communities , and keeping the money there . Opinion : The 5 apology rules that Sterling broke Unlike many professional athletes , Magic has always understood the economic impact of sports and sought to extend his financial clout to the broader community . As he said in a recent interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  My whole life is devoted to urban America . We go back and educate others on how they can be successful . It 's not about giving them money . It 's about giving them tools . " Whether through real estate investments , Magic Johnson Theaters , restaurants , fitness centers , sports teams or Starbucks franchises , Magic has been transforming urban centers and in doing so may attract other businesses that wrote off black communities and their buying power . Over the last three decades , startups by entrepreneurs -- companies less than five years old -- have accounted for most of the new jobs in the private sector . Arguably , the scarcity of these new , dynamic , fast-growing companies in black communities has contributed to some of the chronic unemployment we see today , the very joblessness that often lies at the root of so many of our broader social problems , from drug dealing and gang violence to neighborhood decay and broken families . These challenges defy easy solutions . However , a new corner store here or a barbershop there ca n't create widespread economic opportunity . Targeted government programs can help , but long-term , private-sector investment is absolutely critical for economic sustainability . Magic understood early on the business of basketball . He leveraged his relationships and successfully made the transition from athlete to entrepreneur . He is an important role model to youngsters who are eager to be successful in sports but clueless about how to get there . Opinion : Sterling apology was an epic fail I witnessed firsthand the sway that Magic had as a surrogate during the 2008 presidential race , when I was a senior adviser to the Obama campaign , coordinating the involvement of many athletes and entertainers . Young people responded enthusiastically to Magic , energized by their hero and the prospect of a young black president who played ball himself . Few of these young people will become NBA players , but lots can own businesses . Magic represents an important nexus between the little boys who play on the neighborhood basketball courts and the big boys who play on Wall Street . His entrepreneurship represents the bridge from poverty to prosperity . Other professional athletes can build bridges , too , but they have to see themselves as modern-day entrepreneurs with real power to make a difference , as comfortable speaking in corporate boardrooms as they are playing ball , and as interested in owning businesses as they are in being big-ticket consumers with expensive homes and cars . The NBA generates over $ 4 billion annually and the top 10 players reportedly earn a combined $ 200 million dollars combined each year . With that kind of money they can afford to invest in high-growth companies in energy , technology and advanced manufacturing that create high paying jobs . Athletes also can challenge companies whose products they endorse to locate manufacturing and distribution facilities in distressed urban areas . While they 're at it , they should certainly work towards pooling their resources , buying teams , and ensuring a culture of diversity , integrity and mutual respect . Unlike Don Sterling 's shameful and insincere attempts to buy credibility in the black community , that 's something the players ' millions can actually attain . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rick Wade says Magic Johnson has put his money where his mouth is in the urban market Donald Sterling criticized Johnson : "  What does he do for the black people ? He does n't do anything . " Sterling , says Wade , is just dead wrong Johnson has invested in real estate , theaters , restaurants , sports teams and Starbucks franchises
CNN  -- Azerbaijan 's capital Baku might have an ancient heart , but it is getting a remarkable modern face . Funded largely by money from oil and gas exports , the city has become one of the most vibrant places on the planet for grand designs , with numerous head-turning projects towering above low-rise Soviet-era apartments and medieval walled city . One ground-breaking work of public planning is known as "  White City " -- an optimistic title and flip of Baku 's old moniker of the "  Black City " ; a title gained because of oil-related pollution . On a 220-hectare site that was formerly a storage hub for the industry , ground is being cleaned up and prepared for offices , hotels , homes and facilities for 50,000 Baku residents and 48,000 workers . Across the country improvements are being made in infrastructure . Within five years in Baku more roads , new parks , a new transit system , water supplies and internet connections will all be in place . Already dominating the skyline are the iconic Flame Towers that are close to completion , plus the Baku TV Tower . Joining these soaring landmarks are some even more eye-popping structures ; the towers of Crescent Place and the Hotel Crescent , designed by South Korean architecture firm , Heerim Architects and Planners . The firm won the rights to build the two projects , as well as the 39-story Crescent City and 38-floor future headquarters for the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic  SOCAR  , through an international competition . "  Azerbaijan  is considered to have the will and economic power based on high-growth that can widely accommodate new architecture designs , " wrote a spokesperson for Heerim . "  Many clients in Azerbaijan are actively accepting creative designs ... that will provide great advantages to their national development . " When completed in 2015 , Hotel Crescent will stand on the banks of the Caspian Sea , its 33-stories housed in a vast , down-turned crescent . A sister project was proposed called the Full Moon Hotel that would have brought something resembling the Death Star from "  Star Wars " to the Caspian coastline . The White City project may take decades to complete and be less radical in its design , but it and other projects in the city shows a commitment to give the Azerbaijan capital more than just a clean up .	Baku , capital of Azerbaijan , is undergoing a major face-lift Major project called ` White City ' is planned for old oil refinery site New iconic buildings like Hotel Crescent are also being built Infrastructure to make it a regional hub also being improved
CNN  -- Emoya Luxury Hotel in Bloemfontein , South Africa , has been all over the blogosphere in recent weeks . But the exposure might not be the type that the "  unique accommodation experience " had bargained for . Gizmodo called the hotel "  A Fake Slum for Luxury Tourists Who Do n't Want to See Real Poverty . " Steven Colbert coined the word "  glumming " -- glamorous slumming -- in his on-air dressing down . Christiane Amanpour examined it in the context of "  poorism , " or poverty tourism . The hotel does sound like something out of a Saturday Night Live sketch . At Emoya 's Shanty Town , guests stay in a re-creation of an "  informal settlement " -- shacks made of corrugated iron sheets . "  Millions of people are living in informal settlements across South Africa , " reads the Shanty Town homepage . "  Now you can experience staying in a Shanty within the safe environment of a private game reserve , " continues the website . "  This is the only Shanty Town in the world equipped with under-floor heating and wireless internet access ! " Read : Underwater hotel room opens on remote African island Each shanty in the "  town " goes for 850 South African rand  $ 82  a night , sleeps four people and has electricity and running water . In a clumsy play for verisimilitude , rooms are equipped with donkey geysers  water heaters  and long drops  outdoor toilets  . Scorn and outrage The hotel promises to deliver "  the full African Experience . " The concept hotel launched in March , according to the Emoya Estate 's Facebook page , but the backlash is recent . "  What were the creators of this thinking ? " wrote commenter Whitney Trotta on the hotel 's Facebook page on December 4 . "  Have they ever seen poverty ? Or lived in it ? This is such a slap in the face to anyone who actually lives in a shanty town . Emoya Hotel & Spa you should explain yourselves . You are getting a horrible reputation worldwide for this . " Emoya Hotel declined CNN requests for an interview or official comment for this story .	Emoya Luxury Hotel offers "  the only Shanty Town in the world with under-floor heating and wireless Internet access " Hotel re-creates millions of shacks of South Africa 's poor Media response has been incredulity and outrage
CNN  -- If Vladimir Putin wanted to get America 's attention , he 's done a pretty good job . The Russian president 's opinion piece arguing against military intervention in Syria , published on The New York Times ' website late Wednesday , set off a flurry of reactions -- some outraged , some impressed , and some just plain bemused . Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez said the piece made him almost want to throw up , and House Speaker John Boehner said he was "  insulted . " Putin said he wrote the article "  to speak directly to the American people and their political leaders . " But he appeared to have raised some hackles with the last paragraph in which he disputed the idea of American exceptionalism . It was a reference to President Barack Obama 's address on Tuesday night , in which he said that while America ca n't be a global cop , it ought to act when in certain situations . "  That 's what makes us exceptional , " Obama said . "  With humility , but with resolve , let us never lose sight of that essential truth . " Putin 's answer to that ? "  It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional , whatever the motivation , " he wrote . World reaction He concluded with the line , "  We are all different , but when we ask for the Lord 's blessings , we must not forget that God created us equal . " The White House shrugged off the fuss around Putin 's jabs at Obama , describing them as "  irrelevant . " Obama himself ignored a question about the op-ed on Thursday . His chief spokesman , Jay Carney , said that Putin has a right to his opinion , noting that America is an exceptional nation . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi questioned Putin 's views on equality . "  What I found interesting was the closing -- when he says when we pray to God he judges us all - I do n't know exactly what his words are but he says ` we are all God 's children . ' I think that 's great . I hope it applies to gays and lesbians in Russia as well , " Pelosi said . Putin signed a law earlier this year that bans public discussion of gay rights and relationships where children might hear it . Violators can be fined and , if they are foreigners , deported . ` Hey Putin ' There are others who took issue with Putin 's view . "  Hey Putin , next time you wan na write a letter to convince America about something , how about you skip saying we 're not exceptional ? #rude , " tweeted Sarah Rumpf , a political consultant in Texas . Is the U.S. really No. 1 ? Russia 's wars The Russian president also annoyed some people by warning against military action without U.N. Security Council approval . "  Man who launched military action in Georgia and Chechnya without UN say-so says wars without it are illegal ? " tweeted the journalist John Podhoretz . A report commissioned by the European Union said that Georgia illegally started the war with Russia in 2008 but that the Russian response , which involved occupying large parts of Georgian territory , also violated international law . The two wars between Russian forces and separatists in Chechnya are widely considered to be internal conflicts . Some Twitter users unearthed a previous op-ed that Putin wrote for the Times about the Chechen war in 1999 . Putin , then the prime minister of Russia , struck a different tone in which he sought to explain Russia 's military action . "  No government can stand idly by when terrorism strikes , " he wrote . "  It is the solemn duty of all governments to protect their citizens from danger . " "  Not a word on UN or Pope or Int ' l law , " Philip Gourevitch , a staff writer at The New Yorker , commented about the 1999 article .  Putin mentions the pope in his op-ed this week as being among those opposed to a U.S. strike against Syria . Senator 's stomach turns The overall tone of Putin 's latest broadside was too much for Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , who said he read the article at dinner on Wednesday . "  I almost wanted to vomit , " he said . "  I worry when someone who came up through the KGB tells us what is in our national interests and what is not . It really raises the question of how serious the Russian proposal is . " But plenty of people seemed to think Putin had scored points against Obama . "  I think it 's sad to see him acting with more common sense and humanity than Obama , " said Ashton Blazer . "  Putin made a compelling , though disingenuous , case against military strikes . Its effectiveness shows how badly Pres Obama was outmaneuvered , " tweeted Marc Lamont Hill . Power plays Others saw it in less subtle terms . " #Putin diplomatically serves it to Pres. Obama in the last paragraph . Ca n't believe the #nytimes ran this , " wrote Mary F. Mueller . For some people , the tension between the two presidents has become a spectacle in its own right . "  Putin plays his next move on our very own NYTimes . This is almost getting as good as Breaking Bad , " wrote Twitter user @MiketheEye . Others said the tone of the article brought to mind some of the famous photos of Putin in macho poses . "  Putin wrote his Times op-ed on an Underwood , shirtless , with hunting knife nearby , " joked Chris Regan .	Vladimir Putin argues against U.S. military action on NY Times opinion piece Disputes idea of "  American exceptionalism " raised by Barack Obama in speech Sen. Menendez says op-ed almost made him sick , House Speaker John Boehner "  insulted " Obama ignores question about Putin piece ; pushes diplomacy on Syria chem weapons
CNN  -- Eppley Airfield in Omaha , Nebraska , was closed Thursday night , stranding hundreds of passengers , after being struck by two violent storms packing high winds and massive hail , the airport director said . Omaha Airport Authority Executive Director Steve Coufal said that the airfield had been closed for several hours , with at least one reported injury : a pilot who was taken to a local hospital after being struck by hail . Southwest Airlines spokesperson Ashley Dillon said two of the airline 's planes were on the ground -- one of them Flight 751 to Chicago , which was being boarded -- when the first storm hit . The decision was made to deplane the 137 passengers from the Boeing 737 , and a male pilot was struck by hail while standing in the jetway . Dillon said he was conscious when he was transported to the hospital . Southwest discontinued its flights for the remainder of the night . Dillon said 13 flights were affected : eight arrivals and five departures . The first storms came through Omaha at about 5:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  . The airport was subsequently shut down so that airport officials could evaluate damage done to equipment . After about an hour-and-a-half , the airport was reopened , but was closed again minutes later when the second storm came through , packing very strong winds and heavy rains , Coufal said . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said hailstones were reportedly up 2.75 inches in diameter , or approximately baseball-sized . Video footage from local CNN affiliate KPTM seemed to confirm that estimate , as the windshields of several cars in the airport parking lot were either shattered or bore large holes and craters . The airport director said winds of about 100 mph were reported , and visibility was 5-10 feet . Airport officials were inspecting damage and meeting with transportation officials Thursday night to address passengers ' needs . Coufal said seven commercial planes received some degree of damage , and parked surface vehicles had extensive damage . Also , the roof , some windows and signage were damaged at the facility . One jet bridge was blown into an aircraft by the winds , according to Coufal . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Injured pilot was conscious when taken to the hospital , airline official says Two storms strike Eppley Airfield in Omaha , packing high winds , hail and rain Southwest Airlines discontinues all flights for the rest of the evening
CNN  -- There ca n't be many people who pick an air carrier based solely on the quality of their inflight food , but those who do might want to pay attention to the latest awards from New York food mag Saveur . The magazine 's annual dining survey ranks airlines for the quality of their chow while also doling out awards in 20 other categories . Saveur 's Culinary Travel Awards polled a panel of 36 experts and , separately , its readers to select winners . When it comes to economy class food , Singapore Airlines was crowned king by both readers and experts . Meanwhile , Australia 's Qantas was acknowledged by both as having the best inflight wine program . Readers and experts differed when it came to first and business class dining -- the experts chose Emirates , the readers went for Oman Air . The two groups had different views on the rest of the awards , except for the best city for markets , with Tokyo getting the unanimous nod . Best food and cocktail cities The experts voted Hong Kong  International  as the best large food destination . In addition to the usual suspects -- Michelin-star restaurants Lung King Heen , Tim Ho Wan and Bo Innovation for Chinese food in Hong Kong -- the experts also recommended eating at local seafood market Lei Yue Mun . New York 's Brooklyn borough was named best U.S. large city food destination for its "  close proximity to farms and food producers and a truly collaborative community of food lovers , artisans , and chefs . " The best small culinary destinations are Copenhagen  international  and New Orleans  U.S.  . The experts recommended NOMA , Kadeau and Restaurant Schoennemann in Copenhagen and called New Orleans ' dining options "  dizzying . " The readers ' food destination choices included Paris  large international city  , San Sebastian  small international city  , San Francisco  large U.S. city  and Portland  small U.S. city  . Echoing the world 's 50 best bars awards , London again outshone other cities to be chosen by the experts as the best cocktail city . The readers ranked Melbourne as the best . Best hotels for food For hotels with more than 100 rooms , Epicure at Le Bristol in Paris and Le Louis XV-Alan Ducasse at Hotel de Paris , Monte Carlo were named the best hotel restaurants for experts and readers , respectively . The Restaurant at Meadowood , St. Helena in California  experts  and Restaurant Le Gaiac , Hotel Le Toiny , St. Barth  readers  are the best hotel restaurants in smaller hotels . For visitors who do n't want to leave their hotel bed , The Dorchester in London is the experts ' choice and the Kempinski Hotel Barbaros Bay is the readers ' for best in-room meals . "  Room service at the Dorchester is like eating in a private restaurant , with some of the best service I 've ever had , " one panelist said . The full list of awards are available on Saveur 's website .	New York-based food magazine Saveur releases list of culinary travel awards The awards , in 21 categories , cover all travel aspects from the best food cities to the best economy meals Singapore Airlines voted best economy class inflight dining , Qantas named for best inflight wine program
CNN  -- It 's the Earth-orbiting research lab as big as a five-bedroom house , complete with two bathrooms , a gym and a huge bay window -- but how much do we know about what goes on at the International Space Station ? We watched as astronauts played football in space during the World Cup , we listened to Chris Hadfield croon his rendition of David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity , " and we 've all seen the odd space selfie snapped in zero gravity . Sure , the lucky few who have gone up to the International Space Station  ISS  seem to be having fun . But there 's also a serious side to the astronauts ' sojourns among the stars that we do n't often hear about . "  We are bettering the human experience on Earth . Going further , going beyond , " says Stephanie Buskirk Dudley , an ISS payload operations director  POD  who helps coordinate all the research conducted at the facility . "  We learn things by doing science that we never even knew we would learn . And it 's actually because we are there . " If the ISS is a crazy space circus , then Buskirk Dudley is one of the ringmasters leading the ever-changing scientific troupe . She explains : "  We 've got cameras looking at all over the Earth from the space station that are helping with disaster research and coastal erosion . We have one coming for ocean temperature and warming of the oceans . We are doing research that affects every single person on the planet . " Science among the stars It became humanity 's home away from home in October 2000 when the first six astronauts arrived on board and the ISS has been busy ever since . The permanently orbiting facility -- which has cost an estimated    100 billion  just under $ 135 billion  according to the European Space Agency -- has since been inhabited constantly by astronauts as they work tirelessly to answer some of science 's most intriguing questions . Often we see some of the more entertaining demonstrations appear on social media . Just last month U.S. astronaut Reid Wiseman uploaded the world 's first #SpaceVine of a spectacular fireball experiment called FLEX-2 , which examines how fuel ignites in space . Here on Earth , we thought it looked pretty cool . For scientists , the results could yield new insights into fuel efficiency for engines on Earth and safer future spacecraft production . Another seemingly quirky experiment involves sending 40 mice up to the station later this year , which will be their home for six months -- roughly a quarter of a mouse 's average lifespan . The rodents ' journey to space may look like an odd move for scientists but it is hoped the "  moustronauts " will provide valuable biomedical insight into how spaceflight affects the human body . These are just some of the hundreds of investigations taking place every day aboard the floating outpost by scientists from all around the world . The mammoth task is coordinated by the Payload Operations Integration Center  POIC  at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama . Buskirk Dudley is one of 23 certified PODs who plan every minute detail involving space station research . Pioneering research is conducted 24 hours a day , 365 days a year and the key to success is planning , she says . " -LSB- It takes -RSB- a great team of people doing many different jobs . Everybody is an expert in their own little field . It really takes a whole team with a lot of hard work and planning . "  We 've got , for instance , ultrasound on board the station and we have perfected training non-medical personnel -- astronauts -- to perform on themselves and get good results for doctors on Earth . And that is directly applicable to countries in which medicine is not as available as it is in the U.S. and the UK . " The success of ultrasound experiments by non-medical personnel in space has led scientists to believe that back on Earth , patients could be trained to perform their own ultrasound exams and send the images to doctors in situations where a medical facility is difficult to access . Buskirk Dudley adds : "  Over half of the population of the world , for instance , is a woman . We are doing research on bone health every single day and just that one experiment alone could help over 50 % of the world 's population . That is just human research : we 've got biological research , we 've got material research , combustion , particle physics -- the whole gamut of research we 're doing every single day . "  Today , the crew is upgrading the ` Robonaut '  a humanoid robot on the ISS  . Our eventual goal is to give him legs and have him do maintenance tasks to free up the crew for more science . When we originally flew him , he was just a torso and arms . And they are doing robot surgery to upgrade all his internal electronics so they can eventually add legs to him . " ` It 's research for the world ' But Buskirk Dudley is keen to point out that it 's a truly International Space Station , not simply an American enterprise . POIC is one of five international control centers working to synchronize the research at the ISS . Other similar control centers are located in Germany , Japan , Russia and , of course , back at Mission Control at Johnson Space Center in Houston . "  Even though it 's NASA science that we 're doing , the scientists are all over the world . It 's not just science in the U.S. , " says Buskirk Dudley . "  The scientists that we work with are not at those control centers . They are in their lab , in their university , in their house perhaps -- all over the world . We 've enabled them to do the science wherever they might be . " Cheryl Nickerson is a professor at the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University . She is one such trailblazing scientist at the forefront of cellular biomechanics , who has achieved remarkable success using the ISS to conduct unique spaceflight research into diseases such as salmonella . "  The microgravity environment of spaceflight offers a unique environment for ground-breaking biotechnology and biomedical innovations and discoveries to advance human health in infectious disease , cancer , aging , bone and muscle-wasting diseases , and advances in tissue engineering , " she says . "  Our research demonstrated that spaceflight increased the virulence of salmonella and globally altered the gene expression of this pathogen in unique ways that are not observed using traditional experimental approaches on Earth . " And she 's not done there . Later this year , commercial carrier SpaceX will fly the professor 's latest NASA-funded experiment , Micro-5 , to the space station , where her team will monitor the salmonella infection process in real-time when the human surrogate host and pathogen are simultaneously exposed to spaceflight . For Nickerson , the ISS is invaluable for the ongoing pursuit of knowledge . "  If properly implemented , the legacy of an ISS research portfolio consisting of hypothesis-driven , impeccably designed and executed experiments will have a lasting impact on our nation 's scientific capability , economy , and quality of our lives . " SEE : Capturing the Cosmos through a lens	The International Space Station  ISS  is a permanently orbiting research lab Scientists perform research 24 hours a day , 365 days a year "  We are bettering the human experience on Earth , " says ISS operative
CNN  Authorities at Sydney Airport stopped two Australian teenagers who were suspected of trying to leave the country to join ISIS . The brothers , aged 16 and 17 , raised suspicion when they attempted to pass through customs , Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said on Sunday . "  What we have here are two teenagers who have been intercepted on their way to a potentially very dangerous situation , " Dutton said . The teenagers had return tickets to unnamed "  conflict zones " in the Middle East , and a luggage search heightened suspicions that they were headed abroad to fight . The boys were later released into the custody of their parents , who were said to have no idea of their intentions . "  These two young men ... are kids , not killers , " Dutton said , who added the matter had been referred to the Australian Federal Police . Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the brothers were Australian citizens who had been lured by a "  death cult . " "  These were two misguided young Australians , Australian born and bred , who went to school here , grew up here , imbibed our values , and yet it seems they had succumbed to the lure of the death cult and they were on the verge of doing something terrible and dangerous . " The prime minister spoke directly to other susceptible Australians who were considering leaving to fight abroad . "  My message to anyone who is listening to the death cult is block your ears . Do n't even begin to think you can leave Australia , " he added . Australia estimates there are at least 90 citizens fighting and supporting terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria . Last month , the government announced plans to suspend or revoke citizenship for dual nationals involved in terrorism , and also strip certain privileges from Australian citizens who break anti-terror laws .	Authorities stopped two teenage brothers at Sydney Airport who were suspected of trying to join ISIS The boys raised suspicion when attempting to pass through customs They have been released into custody of their parents
CNN  -- A song about the joy of thrift shops put Macklemore & Ryan Lewis on the charts , but it 's their musical attack on homophobia that 's earning Grammy nominations . When the Recording Academy revealed nominations for the 56th Grammy Awards Friday night , the hip-hop duo was named in seven categories , including for best new artist , song of the year and album of the year . "  Seven is unbelievable , " Lewis told CNN . "  We came here hoping for one . " Only Jay Z 's nine nominations topped them . A testament to their popularity came from rocker Melissa Etheridge , who won her first Grammy two decades ago . She became a Macklemore & Ryan Lewis fan when her daughter asked her to listen to their song "  Same Love , " which is now contending for song of the year . Etheridge was so excited to meet the duo backstage at the Grammy nominations show , she stopped her interview with CNN to chase them down and hug them . "  I just had to tell them when something comes into the music scene , which then seeps into pop culture , you just ca n't take it away , " Etheridge said . Check the full nominations list English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran , who was also nominated for best new artist , said in a CNN interview that he 'd rather Macklemore & Lewis win the Grammy . "  They 've achieved so much this year in popular culture , " Sheeran said . "  They really changed things doing a song about homophobia . " The other new artist Grammy contenders are English electronic music producer James Blake , hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar -- who is nominated for seven Grammys overall -- and country singer Kacey Musgraves -- who has four nominations . Noticeably absent from the best new artist category is Lorde , whose smash hit "  Royals " did earn nominations for record of the year , song of the year and best pop solo performance . The 17-year-old New Zealand singer-songwriter 's debut album "  Pure Heroine " is also nominated for best pop album . Legendary producer Jimmy Jam , who is chairman emeritus of the Recording Academy , suggested that Lorde 's omission was because she , in effect , "  skipped a grade " by having such a successful debut song . "  She is still very new , " he told CNN . "  Sometimes I think the Grammy voters like to say ` Well , let 's see what else you have before we say you 're the best new artist . ' " Lorde 's song , which carries a message criticizing the materialism of the pop music scene , spent nine weeks at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart this year . She performed it live on the Grammy nominations telecast Friday . "  She 's pretty unstoppable right now , " Jimmy Jam said . "  She had a great performance tonight , which I think will resonate in people 's minds . She 's so young , but a great songwriter . I think the sky 's the limit for her . " He compared Lorde 's situation to that of Katy Perry , whose "  I Kissed a Girl " was a big hit five years ago . It earned her a best female pop vocal Grammy nomination , but she was passed over for best new artist . "  Grammy voters felt that one single was really good , but let 's see what else she has , " he said . Perry proved since then that she is the real thing . Grammy voters nominated her "  Roar " for song of the year and best pop solo performance this year . "  Blurred Lines , " the Robin Thicke summer hit with T.I. and Pharrell Williams , is up for song of the year and best pop duo/group performance . Their chances of taking home a Grammy might be hurt , though , by the legal battle with the heirs of the late Marvin Gaye , who argue it ripped off his "  Got to Give It Up " classic . Pharrell Williams could still win in those categories because he 's also nominated for other work in each . In all , he has seven nominations in four categories . Justin Timberlake is also up for seven Grammys . His "  The 20/20 Experience " was passed over in the album of the year category , but it is nominated for best pop vocal album . He shares a nomination with Jay Z in the best pop duo/group category for the song "  Suit & Tie " and his single "  Mirrors " is nominated for best pop solo performance . Drake was nominated for five Grammys , including for best rap performance for "  Started from the Bottom . " The rapper canceled plans to perform at Friday 's nominations telecast citing schedule complications . Daft Punk is up for four Grammys , including record of the year -- for their hit "  Get Lucky " -- and album of the year for "  Random Access Memories . " Bruno Mars earned four Grammy nominations . His "  Locked Out of Heaven " is up for record of the year and song of the year . Country crossover singer-songwriter Taylor Swift 's "  Red " is nominated for album of the year and country album of the year . She 's also nominated for best country duo / group performance and best country song . She performed on Friday night 's show from Australia . Fantasia 's latest album "  Side Effects of You " brought the 2004 American Idol winner three Grammy nominations . The nominations list , which has 82 categories , has several legendary names on it with new music . Paul McCartney 's "  Live Kisses " is nominated in the best music film category . The former Beatle is competing for the best rock song Grammy against Rolling Stones Mick Jagger and Keith Richards . The best rock album Grammy competition reads almost like the billing from a 1970s rock festival with Black Sabbath , David Bowie , Led Zeppelin and Neil Young with Crazy Horse nominated . Queens of the Stone Age and Kings of Leon are the youngsters in the race . The Grammys will be handed out in Los Angeles on January . Most of them will be announced in a pre-telecast ceremony , but the top awards will be presented in a music-filled three hour broadcast on the CBS network .	Jay Z gets nine nominations Justin Timberlake , Bruno Mars and Taylor Swift also receive multiple nominations Some of the nominees performed Friday night during a television special
Diego Mendieta was a man who needed help . There he lay , helpless . Alone . Dying . There were no news stories . There was no #prayforMendieta hashtag , not even a line on the internet . With the world oblivious to his plight , the Paraguayan , thousands of miles from home , passed away at the age of 32 in an Indonesian hospital on Tuesday . Mendieta was a footballer who formerly played for Persis Solo , a club based 90 minutes ' flight from the capital , Jakarta . He had longed to return home to see his wife and two children but had not been paid four months ' wages -- worth an estimated $ 12,500 . Mendieta fell ill and died of cytomegalovirus , a common infection that can be spread by coughing or sneezing . In his final days , without enough money to finance his medical treatment , he changed hospitals three times and lost about 17 kilograms  about 37 pounds  in weight before his death . His skeletal frame was left on a stretcher , covered by an old Real Madrid shirt , with a few football fans for company . It is a story that has spread around the globe and left another stain on the sport in Indonesia , where two rival organizations are battling for control of the game . "  After his contract expired in June and his former club had not paid his salary , Mendieta suffered financially . He played in some rough football matches to survive in Solo , " Indonesian journalist Sam Hadi of Kompas Daily said . "  He was unable to pay for his rented room in the last six months . He even had difficulties to pay for food , so his friends , colleagues and fans raised money to help him . "  His agent had advised Mendieta to go home by preparing the flight ticket for him . But Mendieta reportedly said that he was ashamed of not bringing back money to his country . " Having fallen ill in early November , Mendieta was first diagnosed with typhoid . By the time he reached his third hospital , where he could not afford his medical bills , the cytomegalovirus had crawled to his brain , Hadi said . "  It was very , very sad situation for him . " Football in the Asian country has been torn apart by infighting between the Indonesian Soccer Association  PSSI  and the breakaway Indonesian Soccer Rescue Committee  KPSI  . Football 's ruling body , FIFA , has threatened to impose sanctions unless an agreement is reached . Both bodies , which have their own competitions , have agreed to run just one league next season to avoid punishment from FIFA , whose executive committee expects to have to rule on the matter at its meeting next Friday . The PSSI did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . "  Unfortunately yet again , it seems that the set objectives will not be reached and we , therefore , anticipate that the PSSI will be sanctioned , " FIFA Secretary-General Jerome Valcke wrote in a letter to Indonesian sports minister Andi Mallarangeng . "  We are fully aware that Indonesia is passionate about football and that sanctions will have a major impact . We have tried tirelessly to solve the problems , but we are afraid that there will be no choice unless the objectives are met or that significant progress has been made . " The division has caused great ructions within Indonesian football , with players often the victims both financially and physically . "  Mendieta 's death raises questions of how he was treated by Liga Super 's management . Why was he not paid his salary for so long ? " PSSI official Rudolf Yesayas told AFP . "  Managing football is a complicated affair . Mendieta 's death highlights the importance of having one football association , not more . " The national team has also suffered , losing 10-0 to Bahrain in a World Cup qualifier in March , a result that was investigated by FIFA because of suspicions of match-fixing . "  It has been almost two years since Indonesian football split , " Hadi said . "  However , the financial problems do not only hit the breakaway clubs but also the clubs which play under the PSSI competition . " He said 13 clubs from both leagues are months late with payments , according to the players ' association . "  On this matter , PSSI said on its official website that they would help the cost of flying Mendieta 's body back to Paraguay , but they wo n't pay the players ' salary as Persis did not play under PSSI competition , " Hadi said . "  On the other hand , Persis officials said they have transferred Mendieta 's salary to his wife in Paraguay . " Hadi said an out-of-contract Brazilian footballer , Bruno Zandonadi , also died in similar circumstances three months ago after being infected during treatment in an Indonesian hospital . While Solo Mayor Hadi Rudyatmo has said he will pay Mendieta 's hospital bills , the act of charity has come too late for FIFPro , which represents footballers around the world , with a membership of 60,000 . FIFPro launched a "  Black Book " this year , detailing the abuse of players in Eastern Europe . It has repeatedly fought cases for players facing violence , arbitrary termination of contracts and non-payments of salaries . It has also taken up the case of 2010 World Cup finalist Wesley Sneijder , who has been asked to extend his contract for no additional pay by Italian club Inter Milan . "  FIFPro demands that the Indonesian football association make an end to the structural mismanagement of countless football clubs , " the Netherlands-based group said in a statement . "  It is a disgrace for the whole of professional football in Indonesia , " added Frederique Winia , secretary general of FIFPro 's Asia division . "  I know countless stories of players who are intentionally not paid by their club and have to wait for months for their salary . But I have never before heard a story where a seriously ill player has been left completely to his fate by a club . "  I assume that both the club and the national football association of Indonesia realize that they have seriously failed and that they have much to explain , particularly to the family and relatives of Diego Mendieta . The least the club can do is to pay the arrears in salary to his family . " Mendieta 's body has been transported back to Paraguay , where he will be buried . His wife , Valeria , remains adamant that the Indonesian authorities are solely responsible for Mendieta 's death . "  He was practically abandoned . The only help he received was from three Paraguayan companions , nothing other than that , " she told Radio Cardinal . Mendieta 's plight has drawn widespread sympathy . "  It 's a heartwrenching tale , " Indonesian football expert Antony Sutton said . "  As an expat myself , I know what it 's like to be on your own in a foreign country and left to fend for yourself , " said Sutton , author of the Jakarta Casual blog . "  He had n't been paid in four months and was all alone without anyone to pay the bills . The Persis Solo fans , who are extremely passionate , did their best to raise money and made about $ 300 . "  But before I found out about the story , it was too late and he was dead . It 's a real tragedy . " Emotional Muamba ` gets closure ' While the case of Fabrice Muamba , the former Bolton player who collapsed on the pitch after going into cardiac arrest , drew intense media coverage , Mendieta did not have the same fortune . Muamba 's collapse at Tottenham 's White Hart Lane in March was broadcast around the world after the midfielder 's heart stopped for 76 minutes . Twitter went into overdrive , players around the world wore "  Muamba " shirts to express their solidarity , and news channels jumped on the story . His subsequent recovery has also been well documented , with interviews beamed around the globe , and an autobiography recently released . But in Indonesia , where football is not king and the sport is in disarray , Mendieta had little chance . It is only after his death that his name has become commonplace . "  He always complained of being lonely , " said Guntur Hernawan , head of the internal medicine division at Moewardi Hospital in Solo . "  He said he wanted to go home because all of his relatives were in Paraguay . " Dutch teens charged in football linesman 's death	Paraguayan footballer dies at the age of 32 in an Indonesian hospital Diego Mendieta was owed $ 12,500 in wages , unable to pay for medical treatment Mayor of Solo to pay player 's hospital bills after his death His plight highlights a schism in Indonesian football
CNN  -- Here 's where things went wrong : On Tuesday , January 28 , 2014 , at 1:30 in the afternoon , in response to the sparkle of several snowflakes in the air above Atlanta , virtually the entire adult population of America 's ninth most populous metro area stood up , left their workplaces , got into their cars , and created a traffic deadlock of legendary proportions . Good news for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie that he was nowhere near here at the time , nor could he be linked via administrative assistants to our wintry surprise . But among Great Traffic Jams of the 21st Century , move over Fort Lee , New Jersey . My friend Johanna Norry , a Georgia State University grad student , tried to leave her parking place on a downtown parking deck and traveled -- in one hour and seven minutes -- 23 feet . My friend Elida Baverman posted on Facebook : "  Six hours and 18 minutes to get home from Perimeter Mall . Wish my car made it , too . " My husband 's law partner , Ed Garland , inched along I-75 north toward home from 5 p.m. Tuesday until 1 a.m. Wednesday , at which point his car ran out of gas . He abandoned it and set off on foot through the snowdrifts , reaching his home at 2 in the morning . What other cities can learn from Atlanta 's ice debacle By all accounts -- I was n't going out there -- the city 's throughways on Wednesday looked like parking lots , where cars with empty gas tanks sat frozen in the Arctic air .  It was 16 degrees Fahrenheit Wednesday morning .  Some of the cars had been abandoned ; others might have still had people in them . "  If you are stranded and can not get through to 911 , " announced the Atlanta Police Department , "  please send the Atlanta Police Department a message through Facebook or Twitter . " One can only imagine : #GetMeTheHellOutofAtlanta . A special Facebook page , "  SnowedOutAtlanta , " was created to connect the cold , stranded , and demoralized with the warm , housebound , and generous . People in vast traffic jams , with taillights twinkling in endless lines toward every horizon , not only sat in cars steadily running out of gas , they called for help and comfort on cell phones running out of juice . Thus most people seeking help online did so for third parties : "  My boyfriend has been stuck in traffic for nine hours now , " wrote a woman named Laura . "  He has a heart condition and told me he 's starting to feel lightheaded . " Some posted longingly : "  My husband left work yesterday at 4 p.m , " a woman wrote in at 9 a.m. Wednesday morning . "  Of all days he left his phone at home . ... He had no means of getting in touch with me . If anyone has seen or heard from him , please reply . " Scores of people wrote to offer beds and meals to freezing , stranded travelers . Many offered to drive to pickup points to meet the strangers . Home Depot announced all stores would remain open all night , offering warmth and shelter . Photos surfaced of people in their business clothes asleep on the floor in the aisles of CVS drugstores . A bakery owner offered to donate goods to any place stranded people were gathering . "  Warm home , food , and phone to anyone who needs it ! " posted a woman in Monroe , Georgia . Was Atlanta asleep at the wheel ? "  My sister has been stuck in her car since 4:30 p.m. yesterday , " posted a woman named Valencia on Wednesday , 17 hours after her sister got on the road . "  Nothing to eat . She 's nearly out of gas . She is diabetic . Does not have her meds . Can someone please help ? She 's at Memorial Drive by Alonzo Crim School . Please somebody ? " "  Lawd I 'm praying ! " was the first response , from a woman named Kye , after which a woman named Keirsten posted : "  I can walk to her ! Call me . Trying to find insulin ! " Then : "  Sending people that way now . What kind of car and where ? " "  Champagne-brown Infinity . She made it to the gas station across from AutoZone . " "  My friend Jessica is walking that way right now . " "  Thank you ! You found her ! " posted Valencia ; then , a bit later : "  She made it home ! Praise God !! ... Good people still left in this world ! " The landscapes and language of apocalypse -- many headlines compared Atlanta to a scene in "  The Walking Dead " -- bore no relation to the footage , the yardage , the square ... inchage of snow actually dumped on the city . How much snow fell ? What quantity of snow do you think it takes to paralyze a metropolitan area of 5,490,000 citizens ? What kind of whiteout does it take to halt every artery and interstate of this national traffic hub , this city that is home to a highway intersection known as "  Spaghetti Junction " and to a college  Georgia Perimeter  and a former Atlanta Braves player  "  Perimeter " Perez  both named after Interstate 285 ? How much snow did it take to strand thousands of children overnight in their schools , send trucks and buses spinning out of control on surface streets and highways , decree that a baby should be born in a car trapped by traffic gridlock , and inspire Gov. Nathan Deal to declare a statewide State of Emergency and to call out the National Guard ? It was 2.6 inches , OK ? Or , as some news sources reported , "  up to 3 inches , " a bit of forgivable inflation that would seem to suggest it might have been quantities up to and including 2.9 inches . Nearly 3 ! But it does n't take depth of snow to ice the streets , and it does n't take a blizzard to panic the citizenry in a city without snowplows , snow shovels , windshield ice scrapers , or even , seemingly , a product known as "  salt . " Just a sprinkling of snow will do , a delicate frosting , a few curlicues from Jack Frost -- and here we are , immobilized , freezing , turning in desperation to strangers and Home Depot . Opinion : Stranded in Atlanta I was n't on the road Tuesday . And I woke up to 46-degree weather , not 16 . But the 46-degree weather was in my bedroom because our furnace died during the night . Two weeks ago , when a deep freeze rolled across Atlanta , our pipes burst . We seem to be living in close synchrony with every national weather event . So while tens of thousands of our fellow citizens rumbled nowhere , I screened "  How to Fix Your Own Furnace " videos on Youtube . Inspired , I descended into the freezing basement and spent 15 minutes trying to remove the front of the furnace . Then my husband unscrewed a protruding screw and it fell off . I peered deep into the machinery of the still and very cold machine and confirmed by phone that no repair person south of the Mason-Dixon Line could travel the treacherous roads to our house . My husband , children , two dogs , two cats , and I huddled around electric space heaters all day . As I type , my feet are wrapped in a blanket and a space heater is warming a 4-inch stretch on the side of my right leg . My teenage daughter has spent the day wrapped in an electric blanket on the sofa , with the dachshund wrapped inside it , too . But it could be worse . I could be on I-285 . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Fay Greene .	Melissa Greene : Fort Lee , New Jersey , traffic jam was nothing compared with Atlanta 's Greene : Everybody tried to go home at once with the first snowflake in 16-degree weather Greene : "  SnowedOutAtlanta " connected the stranded with help from those at home Greene woke up to 46-degree weather , but that was the temperature of her bedroom
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A construction company and three supervisors were indicted Monday on manslaughter and related charges in the deaths of two firefighters battling a 2007 blaze at the Deutsche Bank building in lower Manhattan . Firefighters Joseph Graffagnino , left , and Robert Beddia died in the Deutsche Bank building blaze . Prosecutors also reached an agreement with the city of New York requiring the implementation of new fire safety measures . "  Our goal is to put in place procedures which will prevent a disaster of the magnitude of the Deutsche Bank fire and to make sure that firefighters are never again exposed to the risks they faced in that fire , " Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said . The indictments against the John Galt Corp. , Jeffrey Melofchik , Mitchel Alvo and Salvatore DePaola also allege negligent homicide and reckless endangerment . The indictment is the result of an investigation into an August 18 , 2007 , blaze that consumed nine floors of the Deutsche Bank building . The building had been scheduled for demolition after being contaminated by debris , asbestos and other hazardous substances after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center buildings . The two firefighters killed in the blaze -- Robert Beddia , 53 , and Joseph Graffagnino , 33 -- were caught in a smoke-filled stairwell that prosecutors say was improperly blocked off by barriers erected to seal off floors being stripped of contaminants . In addition to the deaths of Beddia and Graffagnino , 105 other firefighters were injured combating the blaze . The agreement with the city of New York mandates the creation of a new civilian inspection unit at the city 's fire department , the sole purpose of which will be to perform inspections at construction sites throughout the city . "  The regulatory measures we have put in place and the additional reforms set out today are designed to prevent any firefighter again confronting the conditions that firefighters faced at the Deutsche Bank building that tragic day , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a written statement . The father of one of the firefighters killed in the blaze , Joseph Graffagnino Sr. , said the indictments did not go far enough . "  I do n't understand if the -LSB- city -RSB- agency ca n't be indicted , why ca n't individuals be indicted who we already know should have been responsible for doing their jobs and did not do their jobs , " he said to reporters . Graffagnino was referencing the lack of criminal charges brought against employees of the city fire department , the city 's department of buildings and the building 's landlord , the Lower Manhattan Development Corp. .	John Galt Corp. , three supervisors indicted ; city to change procedures Firefighters died when caught in smoke-filled stairwell Prosecutors allege doorway was improperly sealed 105 other firefighters were injured fighting blaze
CNN  -- The death of Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , who succumbed to Ebola in a Dallas hospital , is of course tragic . But the extraordinarily poor way his case appears to have been handled may also inadvertently have done the United States an enormous service -- not just in shining a light on the threat posed by this virus but also by revealing the profound problems both in our health care delivery system and the public health programs supposed to help prevent outbreaks , track contacts and control the spread of disease . Some of the hospital 's actions -- including failing to communicate the level of concern for Duncan as a possible Ebola case , sending him home before properly evaluating him and possibly delaying in getting him medications that might have helped if given earlier -- were judgment errors that should never have happened . We can , I hope , presume that every hospital in the country took note -- and none would repeat those steps . And we should probably presume , as well , that the Dallas and Texas health departments will get their collective acts together . The fact that terrified family members and friends who had been in direct contact with Duncan were left to fend for themselves in an apartment filled with contaminated bedding , towels and surfaces for days is inexplicable . Then there was the announcement by top officials in Dallas that they were desperately trying to find good Samaritans to take the family into their homes . Really , was there no empty apartment in the city that could accommodate this family ? I wish I could be confident that a similar set of problems would not have occurred elsewhere , but there is ample reason to believe that some version of the Dallas story could have happened in many other cities around the nation . So beyond the drama and attention directed at a single disease and foul-ups in care , the Obama administration and Congress have bigger and far more important actions to take with respect to making sure that we are ready to manage future large-scale public health crises . First , we need to restore -- if not increase -- federal funding for the Hospital Preparedness Program . The purpose of this program is to bolster hospital readiness to deal with major disasters , including serious epidemics . In 2003 and 2004 , the program provided $ 515 million each year to fund preparedness initiatives in America 's approximately 5,000 hospitals . A decade later , funding is forecast to fall to $ 255 million -- essentially half of what it had been . This is a problem because it takes money to develop disaster protocols , hire staff and do ongoing training to make sure our health care system is -- and remains -- ready for whatever catastrophe the future holds . And with more than one in three U.S. hospitals facing severe financial crises , this is not something that can happen without federal support . Congress needs to restore full funding for the Hospital Preparedness Program immediately . Second , while there may be some notable exceptions , like in New York and Los Angeles , severe funding cutbacks have put the vast majority of the nation 's public health agencies in a state of serious fragility , truly lacking sufficient capacity to surge up at a time of a major public health crisis . How did this happen ? Importantly , a federal initiative known as the Public Health Emergency Preparedness program has been cut back from a peak of about $ 900 million in 2005 to $ 610 million estimated this year . As a result , and exacerbated by many other program cutbacks , we are seeing a loss of some 50,000 public health workers in less than a decade . It 's no wonder that so many health departments are struggling to keep up with routine functions , no less be adequately prepared and trained to respond to disasters . Ebola is clearly the latest "  disaster wake-up call . " But if history is any indication , we are likely to treat this by hitting the snooze button on the alarm . That means lots of media coverage -- and public anxiety -- until the reporters leave . Then it 's back to our usual state of complacency without making the definitive changes we desperately need . Hopefully , this time will be different . But it will only be so if the administration and the Congress restore critical disaster preparedness funding and , simultaneously , restore the confidence of the American public that deserves better than what we saw in the weeks following Duncan 's arrival in Dallas .	Death of Ebola patient in Dallas highlights problems in health system , Irwin Redlener says Federal funding for the Hospital Preparedness Program has been slashed , he says U.S. has seen loss of 50,000 public health workers in less than decade , Redlener says
CNN  -- Portugal will avoid a second bailout when its current financial aid program expires in the spring of 2014 , according to the boss of the country 's largest energy provider . Speaking with CNN 's Isa Soares , Antonio Mexia , head of Energias de Portugal -LSB- EDP -RSB- , said : "  I do n't believe and I do n't want to believe -LSB- in -RSB- the needs of a second bailout . " He added : "  At the Portuguese level overall we are doing what we need to do to avoid a second bailout . " READ MORE : Europe fractures even as it shakes off recession Mexia 's comments were made on October 2 before the troika -- made up of the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank and the European Commission -- approved Portugal 's economic progress . The latest visit from creditors means the embattled eurozone nation will receive the next tranche of its 78 billion euro  $ 111 billion  financial aid package . However , government official were unable to convince creditors to ease the country 's deficit reduction target for next year . Portugal 's coalition government , led by Pedro Passos Coelho , must find billions of dollars in additional spending cuts , despite juggling an already austerity-fatigued electorate , mass unemployment and questions over political stability . But Mexia said : "  I think today politically you have higher stability than 6 months ago , that 's clear . Political stability has a lot to do with the results of let 's say , this bailout package . " READ MORE : Could Germany 's nuclear gamble backfire ? With the Portuguese economy forecast to contract 2.3 % this year , according to Eurostat , Mexia believes the government can spur growth by lowering taxes , particularly on corporations . He added that changes need to be made at European level to solve the region 's debt crisis . Mexia told CNN : "  You can not have a common currency without having additional fiscal policy integration , without having a higher budget at European level , without a new mechanism for the structural funds . " READ MORE : Mutti Merkel no Iron Lady In recent years , European leaders have taken steps to deepen financial ties including the signing of a Stability and Growth Pact in 2011 and plans for a banking union in the eurozone . Mexia added : "  You need to create long term conditions to have the transfer of wealth between the North and South in a positive way because also the South is a significant market for the wealth in the North . "	Boss of Portugal 's largest energy provider says country will avoid second bailout Antonio Mexia told CNN ' I do n't want to believe ' in the need for more financial help European leaders have taken steps to deepen financial ties in the eurozone Mexia said long-term conditions needed to be created for the transfer of wealth between North and South
CNN  -- Bayern Munich produced a spirited fight back to knock 10-man Manchester United out of Europe 's Champions League and set up a semifinal against Lyon . Trailing 2-1 from the first leg , United raced into a 3-0 lead , but goals from Ivica Olic and Arjen Robben saw Bayern progress on the away goals rule as the tie finished 4-4 on aggregate . English Premier League champions United were in control until the sending-off of Rafael Da Silva early in the second half handed Bayern the initiative and Robben 's stunning volley was worthy of winning any match . United manager Alex Ferguson sprung a surprise before kick-off by naming Wayne Rooney in his starting line-up just eight days after the England striker twisted his ankle during the first leg . Rooney landed awkwardly on the same ankle after 20 minutes and seemed to struggle for mobility before he was replaced after 55 minutes . It was one of Ferguson 's other surprise inclusions who opened the scoring . Darron Gibson , selected ahead of Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes , picked up Rooney 's pass and fired a shot past the unsighted Bayern goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt . Four minutes later , United were 2-0 ahead as Antonio Valencia crossed for Nani to score with a sublime backheel . The German Bundesliga leaders almost leveled the aggregate score when Olic 's shot was smothered by United goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar . Moments later , United went 3-0 up as Valencia 's low cross was smashed into the roof of the net by Nani . Bayern were given a lifeline before half-time when Croatian striker Olic shrugged off Michael Carrick and fired past Van der Sar from a narrow angle . United were reduced to 10 men early in the second half when Rafael received a second yellow card for a foul on Franck Ribery . Nani and Darren Fletcher both went close for United before Van der Sar produced a fine reflex save to keep out Ribery 's effort . United seemed content to soak up Bayern pressure but their resistance was broken by a moment of individual brilliance from Robben . Ribery 's corner picked out the former Chelsea winger on the edge of the area and his volley arrowed past Van Der Sar and into the bottom corner . Ferguson threw on Dimitar Berbatov and Ryan Giggs in pursuit of a winner but Bayern kept possession with ease to see out a victory that went some way to avenging their defeat to United in the 1999 final . The defeat capped a miserable few days for United , who lost 2-1 to Chelsea on Saturday to fall two points behind the Londoners in the race for the Premier League title . "  The key thing was losing a goal just before half time and the young boy getting sent off , " Ferguson told ITV1 . "  It took an exceptional goal to win the tie - it was a fine strike by Robben . " Lyon went into their all-French quarterfinal with Bordeaux carrying a 3-1 lead from the first leg . But striker Marouane Chamakh gave Laurent Blanc 's side hope when he bundled home on the stroke of half-time . Bordeaux pressed for a goal that would have taken them through , and Lyon were grateful to goalkeeper Hugo Lloris , who produced a one-handed save to keep out Wendel 's header . The home side held on for a 1-0 defeat that saw them progress 3-2 on aggregate .	Bayern Munich knock Manchester United out of the Champions League . The Germans fight back from 3-0 down to lose 3-2 but progress on away goals rule . Lyon lose 1-0 to Bordeaux but advance 3-2 on aggregate .
Singapore  CNN  -- Singapore 's presidential candidates may all share the same name -- the common Chinese surname of Tan -- but with four candidates now officially in the race , this presidential election is the most contested in Singapore 's history . Singapore is a nation that 's been ruled by one party since its independence in 1965 . But the recent general election showed a growing interest by Singaporeans in politics and some point to a growing willingness of Singaporeans to speak out . According to presidential candidate Tan Jee Say , "  People are more open now in expressing their views against the government . In the past they were a bit apprehensive about being open . But now I think the election showed they are prepared to share their anger " he said , over the government 's economic policies . He said the Internet , and movements in other countries like the "  Arab spring " has had an effect on Singaporeans too . While all candidates are officially non partisan , Tan Jee Say stands out as the most opposition candidate , having run in the recent general election with the Singapore Democratic Party . Another candidate Tony Tan has the closest links to the ruling party PAP and has been endorsed by Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong . While Singapore 's presidency is a largely ceremonial role , the job has several important functions including the power to veto key government positions and to tap the government 's financial reserves . The latter role came into the spotlight in early 2009 when current President SR Nathan gave approval for the government to draw S$ 4.9 billion  $ 4.1 billion USD  to combat the global downturn . Singapore 's president also commands an eye popping salary -- now more than S$ 4 million  Singapore dollars  or $ 3.3 million USD . Singapore 's top officials all draw some of the highest government salaries in the world , attributed by the government as a draw for top talent and considered by some a strategy to keep out corruption . The four candidates are Tan Kin Lian , a former executive of insurer NTUC Income , Tan Cheng Bock , a medical doctor , former member of Parliament and former chairman of a marine transport company , Tony Tan , a former deputy prime minister , a former defense minister and deputy chair of the government 's sovereign investment fund , and Tan Jee Say , an investment adviser and former senior civil servant . Singapore 's Presidential election is scheduled for August 27 .	NEW : Singapore 's presidential election is August 27 The presidential election is the most contested in Singapore 's history The president can veto key government positions and tap the government 's financial reserves The highly paid president makes millions each year
CNN  -- A goal from Japan defender Yuto Nagatomo handed Inter Milan a 1-0 win at Genoa that lifted them to seventh in the Italian Serie A table . Claudio Ranieri 's side made it two wins in three days after Saturday 's triumph over Fiorentina but despite going above Genoa Inter still lie ten points behind leaders Juventus . The away side dominated the match , having 17 attempts on goal compared to Genoa 's four , but wasted chances to take the lead before the hour mark through Marco Faraoni , Andrea Poli and Diego Milito . Is Mancini the right man for Manchester City ? But Nagatomo struck the decisive blow for the 2010 European Champions League winners on 67 minutes as he headed home a cross from Riccardo Alvarez . Alvarez came close to wrapping up the match soon after as he rattled the post with a shot from the edge of the penalty area . Genoa had a late chance to claim a point but Miguel Veloso spurned the opportunity to ensure Inter made it four wins out of five in the league . Meanwhile , Real Madrid cruised past third division opponents Ponferradina 2-0 in the first leg of their Spanish Cup last 32 tie . Jose Mourinho 's side got back to winning ways after their crushing 3-1 defeat to Barcelona on Saturday that saw their arch rivals leapfrog Real to go top of La Liga . Barcelona stars meet tsunami survivors But Ponferradina never looked like causing an upset after Jose Callejon put the defending champions ahead in the 29th minute from Sami Khedira 's cross . Cristiano Ronaldo , who was criticized in the aftermath of the defeat to Barcelona for missing two clear chances , latched onto Gonzalo Higuain 's pass to seal the win on 74 minutes . The only disappointment for Real was the dismissal of defender Raul Albiol for two bookable offenses in the second half . The second leg is at Real 's Bernabeu stadium next week . Elsewhere , Valencia were held to a 0-0 draw by Cadiz , while Villarreal drew 1-1 away at Mirandes .	Yuto Nagatomo 's goal hands Inter Milan victory at Genoa in Serie A Japan defender scores the only goal of the game in the 67th minute Inter 's win takes them seventh in Serie A table , 10 points off top side Juventus Real Madrid beat third division Ponferradina in the Spanish Cup
CNN  Police in Long Beach , California , are asking for the public 's help to find a 3-week-old who was abducted after the child 's mother , father and uncle were shot Saturday . Two victims remain in critical condition at an area hospital , according to the police , and a third has been treated and released . Authorities told CNN that the attacker possibly knew the family and that immediately after the shooting , a man fled the home with the child . The baby 's name is Eliza Delacruz . The suspect has dark skin , law enforcement said , but provided no other details . Investigators do n't have any information about a vehicle the attacker might have used , they said . Anyone with information should call the police communications center at 562435-6711 . Anyone wishing to remain anonymous may call 1-800-222-TIPS  8477  , or text TIPLA plus your tip to 274637  CRIMES  , or visit www.LACrimeStoppers.org . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Long Beach Police say 3-week-old Eliza Delacruz is missing A person who shot her parents and uncle Saturday took the child , police said Anyone with information should call 562435-6711 , or anonymously 1-800-222-TIPS  8477
Washington  CNN  -- For several fear-filled minutes last Friday , three passengers on board American Airlines flight 2332 in Dallas called emergency dispatchers to report a flight attendant 's apparent meltdown , asking for help and trying to make sense of her strange rant . The flight , which was on the ground , never took off , and no passengers were hurt . But the 911 calls , released Tuesday , show the mutual confusion of the callers and the 911 dispatchers as they tried to piece together information , which was sparse on both sides of the phone line . "  We 're on flight 2332 and , um , they 're talking over the radio about crashing our plane , " the first caller , a woman , told the emergency dispatcher . "  OK , who is talking about crashing your plane ? " the dispatcher asked . "  The attendants , over the PA , " the caller said . "  Please help us . " Obviously perplexed , and wanting to confirm the bizarre report , the dispatcher repeated the information . "  You 're currently on board the flight , and the attendants are announcing over the PA system ... " "  Yes , " the caller interjected . " ... that they 're going to crash the plane ? " the dispatcher asked . "  Yes , " the caller said . "  Did they say why ? " "  No , " the caller answered . The dispatcher implored the caller not to hang up , asked for her name and phone number , and asked precisely what the flight attendant said . "  Her specific words were , ` This plane is not going to take off before it crashes , ' " the passenger said . A second female passenger called , and the dispatcher told her help was on the way . "  Listen , we 've got people that are coming to you . I need you to give me some information so you can help me fill them in , OK ? " the dispatcher said . "  You are  going to be OK . As long as that plane does n't take off , you are still fine . You are still on the ground , right ? " The passenger confirmed the plane was still on the ground and said a passenger in the back of the plane had just gone up front . "  OK , do n't be alarmed . He may be a sky marshal , " the dispatcher said . "  They fly armed and they are in plainclothes . So do n't be alarmed . " The man , it was later learned , was another passenger who helped detain the flight attendant . The third 911 caller , a man , asked "  Are you all aware of what 's going on on flight 2332 right now ? " "  It looks like they 're physically restraining a flight attendant , " he said . "  She 's lost it . People are helping out . " Finally , another call came from the airport control tower , saying the matter was nearing a resolution . "  Flight 2332 returning to the gate . Altercation on board . Fight being reported , " the control tower official reported . Friday morning 's event at Dallas-Ft . Worth International Airport was a rare disruption blamed on a flight attendant , but did not appear to involve any criminal intent . Local and federal officials said they had not filed charges against the airline employee , adding to speculation she had suffered a mental breakdown . One passenger later told CNN the flight attendant appeared confused even before the flight pulled away from the gate . The passenger said she overheard the flight attendant say she was bipolar and had not taken her medication . As the plane taxied towards the runway , the flight attendant made references to needing to perform "  cross-checks , " and then appeared to be attempting to reach the pilots . Unable to reach the pilots , she announced on the plane 's public address system that she was no longer responsible for the safety of the aircraft and that it might crash . Fellow crew members scuffled with the woman for control of the microphone , and passengers moved in to restrain her . The flight attendant and a colleague were taken to a hospital for treatment , American Airlines said .	Flight attendant reportedly suffered mental breakdown on American Airlines flight Three passengers called 911 , asked dispatchers for help ` They 're talking over the radio about crashing our plane , ' said one caller No charges have been filed against the flight attendant , local and federal officials said
CNN  -- Egypt goes to the polls on Saturday for a referendum on a new constitution that has divided the country in recent weeks , prompting mass demonstrations reminiscent of those that ousted former president Hosni Mubarak . Thousands of protesters , both for and against President Mohamed Morsy , have taken to the streets over the past three weeks , with tensions occasionally boiling over in violent clashes that have left at least seven people dead and hundreds injured . What 's behind the latest unrest ? The protests were sparked by a November 22 presidential decree issued by Morsy -- the first freely elected leader of this country of 83 million -- which prevented any court from overturning his decisions until a new , post-Mubarak constitution was passed . The ruling has essentially given him unchecked power , protecting from judicial review any decisions he has made since assuming office . What was Morsy 's rationale ? Insisting the order is temporary -- it will last only until a new constitution is put in place -- Morsy claimed the move was intended to safeguard the revolution . He said the edict would only apply to "  sovereign " matters . In particular , Morsy said , the edict was aimed at preventing interference from the courts in the work of Egypt 's Constituent Assembly , the body charged with drafting a new constitution . The judges , many of whom were holdover loyalists from the government of Mubarak , are widely viewed as hostile to the Islamists who now dominate the assembly that has been charged with framing a new constitution . Some had threatened to shut down the assembly . Morsy 's move , which has concentrated power in the hands of the executive , is a continuation of the power struggles between Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood -- the Islamist movement that is Egypt 's most powerful political force and won nearly half the seats in parliamentary elections -- and the remnants of the military-dominated establishment of the Mubarak years . In June , just weeks before Morsy 's election , Egypt 's military leaders declared parliament invalid and dissolved the body , a ruling which was upheld by Egypt 's highest court in September . After his election , Morsy defied the military leadership by calling parliament into session . Morsy 's edict ruled out the possibility of repeat interference . In August , the president moved decisively against the military leadership , sending into retirement Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi -- who , as Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , had acted as the country 's de facto ruler in the wake of Mubarak 's ouster and prior to Morsy 's election . What has been the response to the presidential decree ? Morsy 's decree has sharply divided Egyptians . While the Muslim Brotherhood is standing by their man , holding large rallies to show support , many other Egyptians have seen the order as an alarming and undemocratic power grab -- a lurch back towards an authoritarian style of leadership the country had only recently overthrown . Left-leaning and liberal Egyptians -- who had played a large part in the revolution but were sidelined by the success of Islamists in subsequent elections -- made up a large component of the protestors in Tahrir Square . Many of their chants accused Morsy , the first democratically elected president , of becoming a "  new pharaoh " and "  dictator . " "  In some ways , the liberal and left-wing forces are trying to stake a claim to the revolution again through the protests , " Laleh Khalili , a reader in politics at the University of London 's School of Oriental and African Studies , told CNN . The demonstrators , who have been calling on Morsy to resign , also included some of those sympathetic to the military and the old regime , she said . Why has this come about now ? Morsy issued his edict the day after the November 21 cease-fire between Israel and Hamas , which he had played a central role in brokering . Khalili said that , buoyed with new found political capital from his successful foray on the international stage , the Egyptian president may have miscalculated , underestimating the level of outrage his actions would provoke . The anger on the streets , she said , also reflected a level of public dissatisfaction with progress made since the revolution in addressing issues of poverty and inequality in a country with an unemployment rate of more than 12 % , a median age of about 24 years , and a per capita GDP of $ 6,500 . "  Many of the original grievances behind the revolution were derived from questions around extreme inequality and corruption , " she said . "  Those issues have not been addressed . " The protests represented "  a perfect storm of many grievances coming to the fore , " she said , and it was not clear how it would play out . "  It 's a fundamental challenge to the legitimacy of the regime . " What else was in the declaration ? Other aspects of Morsy 's edict are likely to prove popular with many of those who have taken to the streets against him . In his decree , Morsy also announced that all deaths and violence connected to the uprising against Mubarak would be investigated again , with those responsible retried if necessary . This raised the possibility that Mubarak , currently serving a life prison term , could be re-prosecuted , along with a number of regime figures who were previously acquitted . Some Egyptians have expressed disappointment that security forces and officials have escaped punishment over last year 's violent crackdown on protestors . Morsy also sacked the prosecutor-general in his declaration , and extended the timeline for drafting the constitution by two months . But while those resolutions may be welcomed by many , the unilateral manner in which Morsy has gone about expanding his powers has alarmed many . "  It 's the way he 's doing it that has gotten people upset , because it reminds them of the way Mubarak used to govern , " Peter Jones , a Middle East expert at the University of Ottawa , told CNN . One popular slogan during the current protests has been "  Morsy is Mubarak . " If Morsy 's new powers are only temporary , why the outrage ? Protesters claim he has used the edict to hijack the process in order to produce a document that reflects his Islamist vision and consolidates his power in the new Egypt . Liberal , left-wing and Christian members of the assembly boycotted the body over concerns that their views were not being given enough consideration by Islamists -- with many of them subsequently replaced by Islamists . What is happening with the constitution now ? The Islamist-dominated assembly has now passed a finalized 234-article draft of the constitution , which is due to go for a public vote on Saturday , December 15 . But there has been sharp opposition to the document , with critics fearing it could lead to excessive restrictions , and claiming it offers inadequate protection of the rights of religious minorities and women . "  Morsy  put to referendum a draft constitution that undermines basic freedoms & violates universal values , " wrote Mohamed ElBaradei , a Nobel laureate and head of the liberal Constitution Party , on his Twitter account . "  The struggle will continue . " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch , said that "  moving a flawed and contradictory draft to a vote is not the right way to guarantee fundamental rights or to promote respect for the rule of law . " The draft constitution maintains the principles of sharia as the main source of legislation -- a position unchanged from the constitution under Mubarak . But Mohamed Naeem , a member of the Egyptian Social Democratic Party , said he fears the proposed constitution would open the way for a theocracy by moving the country even closer to codifying sharia law . What is the military 's position ? Despite Morsy 's struggles with remnants of the old regime within the military establishment , the armed forces -- which ruled Egypt for more than a year after the fall of Mubarak -- has largely stayed out of the stand-off . But on Saturday , December 8 , it issued its first statement , urging the parties to enter into dialogue to resolve the crisis and vowing to protect public institutions and innocent people . "  Anything other than that will lead us into a dark tunnel with catastrophic consequences , which we will never allow to happen , " it warned . Will the opposition participate in the referendum ? In an apparent attempt to defuse the crisis , Morsy canceled most of his decree on Sunday , December 9 , but vowed to press ahead with the referendum . The cancellation of the decree was not retroactive , which meant that any decisions he had made since its announcement still stood -- including the decision to approve the draft constitution . This led to speculation the opposition would boycott the vote . But leading opposition group the National Salvation Front -- a coalition formed of liberal and secular parties -- subsequently urged its supporters to participate if it was not successful in delaying the referendum by a month . The opposition Dignity Party said its members would participate , but wanted assurances that the vote would be fair , while other parties , including the 6 April youth movement , which backed Morsy in the June elections , have urged members to vote against the draft constitution .	Five people have been killed as Egyptians protest a presidential edict and draft constitution The decree gave President Morsy unchecked power until a new constitution was in place Morsy has been locked in a power struggle with factions of the old regime Demonstrators accuse him of acting like autocratic former president Mubarak
CNN  -- The waters of the Blue Nile have for millennia flowed down from the Ethiopian highlands enriching the countries on its banks . The rocks that make up its riverbed have been eroded by Ethiopia 's past and now that the construction of Africa 's largest hydro-electric dam has begun , these same rocks are helping to build the country 's future . The Grand Renaissance Dam project was announced last year by the Ethiopian government , in a unilateral move that is not sitting very well with its downstream neighbors . Egypt and Sudan say Ethiopia is threatening their greatest natural resource . What 's undisputed though is the sheer size of this undertaking close to Ethiopia 's border with Sudan . "  It 's not very easy to build a project of this magnitude in a remote area , " explains Francesco Verdi , who oversees this project for Salini , the Italian construction firm that has been contracted by the Ethiopians to build the dam . According to Verdi , 10 % of the dam has been completed so far and teams are working day and night to stay on schedule . "  This is one of the largest dams in the world , " Verdi says . "  The effort of this country is really , really impressive . They will produce clean energy using natural resources . " More from MPA : Kenya PM : Sudan conflict threatens world oil prices If construction stays on schedule the dam will be complete in six years . Ethiopia says the dam will generate 6,000 mega watts of electricity and it will sell a proportion of that to its neighbors and use the rest to fuel its own growth . Semegnew Bekele is the Ethiopian engineer in charge of overseeing this mammoth project . He has worked on three other dams in Ethiopia , but this will be his and his country 's first attempt at damming the Blue Nile . "  This Nile river originates from our country and flows without giving any benefit to us so now we are able to utilize this river , " he explains . Meeting Bekele , it becomes obvious that this project is a source of immense personal and national pride and in Ethiopia at least he has become a bit of a celebrity -- he regularly gets stopped in the street by people congratulation him on the dam and asking how it is progressing . It might be a source of pride for Bekele and Ethiopia , but for Egypt and Sudan this project is deeply contentious . Egypt with its population time bomb is particularly worried -- nearly 85 % of its water originates in Ethiopia . Egyptians say they will not be held hostage over water , explains Yarcob Arsarno , who is an expert on hydro-politics at Addis Ababa University . "  Sudan and Egypt have got their concerns . Building a huge project on the water that goes down to Sudan , they would think that water would be controlled by Ethiopia and Ethiopia would be much more powerful in terms of influence in the Nile basin . " The Nile Treaty that is meant to govern the use of the Blue Nile between the three nations was in fact signed by colonial powers in the region . Ethiopia says it never signed the agreement and the so-called Nile Basin Initiative only provides a framework for the use of the Nile waters . More from MPA : Using the web to fight corruption Egypt and Sudan are particularly worried that this dam will allow Ethiopia to control the flow of water . Ethiopia denies this and says it will use machines to monitor and ensure the flow remains stable . Ethiopia 's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has dismissed these concerns and warned against what he called "  dam extremists . " Zenawi and his government stress that this dam project could potentially transform Ethiopia 's economy . It is a view shared by some of the diplomatic community in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia 's capital . One diplomat told Marketplace Africa that this dam will be "  like an ATM of hard currency for Ethiopia " . Many economists also agree on the dam 's economic potential . See also : Old car tires fuel green shoe revolution "  Hydropower is the cheapest electricity you can generate anywhere so Ethiopia has huge advantages for that and Ethiopia will export enough power to make a difference in the economy , " says Henock Assefa , an economist and managing partner of Precise Consult International based in Addis Ababa . "  This is a signal of self-reliance . This is a signal of Ethiopia moving from an aid dependent economy to a can-do economy . We 're going to do this with or without you . The Ethiopian government is issuing bonds and the population , all 85 million of us , are buying bonds in order to chip in to this huge Nile project . " But will Ethiopia be able to raise enough money to continue to build this dam ? Some economists believe the country has only raised 10 % of the project 's total cost . There are also reports that civil servants have been forced to contribute one month 's salary towards the project . These are accusations the government denies . International Rivers , an organization working against destructive riverside projects , says that the Ethiopian government has not allowed an open discussion about the funding and merits of this dam . International Rivers points to the case of an Ethiopian journalist Reeyot Alemu who has been jailed for daring to criticize the government 's centerpiece project . Ethiopian authorities say Alemu is on trial over terror charges . What is not up for debate is how determined Ethiopia is to fulfill its aspiration as the "  battery of East Africa . " All over Addis Ababa , new buildings are rising . According the African Development Bank , Ethiopia 's economy last year grew by 7.5 % and although inflation also rose to 31.5 % the country has successful grown its average income by 50 % over the past decade . The International Monetary Fund , though , is ringing alarm bells . Given this region 's history of drought , the IMF is recommending that governments avoid dependency on hydropower as an engine of growth . As they dig into ancient bedrock for their futuristic dam , it seems the Ethiopians believe this is a risk worth taking .	Ethiopia is building the largest hydro-electric dam in Africa The country says the Grand Renaissance Dam project could transform its economy But neighboring Egypt and Sudan fearful that their water supply is under threat Ethiopia says it will use machines to monitor and ensure the flow of water is stable
CNN  -- The mayor of Portland , Oregon , publicly apologized Tuesday for lying about a sexual relationship he had with an 18-year-old male in 2005 , and for asking the teen to lie about it . "  This was a serious error that happened about four years ago , " Portland Mayor Sam Adams tells reporters . "  I want to apologize to the people of Portland for my dishonesty and for embarrassing them , " Mayor Sam Adams , a Democrat , said at an afternoon news conference . But the mayor -- who is openly gay and whose election last year possibly made Portland the largest U.S. city to elect an openly gay mayor -- said he has no plans to resign . "  This was a serious error that happened about four years ago , " Adams said . "  My job now is to come clean -- I mucked it up -- and to press forward . " Adams returned to Portland from Washington , where he had planned to attend the inauguration of President Barack Obama , to hold the news conference . A day earlier , Adams issued a statement saying : "  In the past , I have characterized my relationship with Beau Breedlove as purely nonsexual . That is not true . Beau Breedlove and I had a sexual relationship for a few months in the summer of 2005 after he turned 18 years of age . " Adams issued the statement Monday after a local newspaper , the Willamette Week , published a story about the relationship between Adams , who was a city commissioner in 2005 , and Breedlove , then a legislative intern . During the mayoral campaign , questions had emerged about whether Adams and Breedlove had a sexual relationship . Adams said he had lied about the relationship during the campaign , and had asked Breedlove to lie , because of "  untrue rumors being circulated saying that I had broken the law regarding sex relations with a minor . " "  The allegation coming at me was ` sex with a minor , ' " Adams said . "  But still , I should have told the truth at the time and taken the consequences . " The relationship was consensual and "  although inappropriate , was legal , " Adams said . "  I 'm the one that should be held accountable . I 'm the older adult , " he said . Adams was 42 and Breedlove was 17 when the two met , according to the Willamette newspaper . Adams emphasized that what he called a "  romantic " relationship with Breedlove did not begin until after Breedlove was 18 . Adams said the two had "  maybe three or four dates " over two or three months in 2005 before the relationship ended . The mayor apologized to Breedlove for asking him to lie , and to Portland 's gay community "  for embarrassing them . " It was not clear whether Breedlove was in attendance at Tuesday 's news conference . Adams said that "  this is fundamentally an issue of a public official lying . " "  I do n't think this fundamentally is an issue about sexual orientation , " he said . "  Other people can debate that but , for me , it 's about an error in judgment and then seeking to make amends for that and being very up-front about the mistake and then carrying on , " he said . Asked by a reporter if he lied to get elected , Adams said : "  I definitely lied to avoid what I thought was another lie that I could n't overcome . So , in a way , yes . " Asked if he had thought he could get away with lying , Adams responded : "  I think that 's going to be up to my colleagues and the people of Portland . "	NEW : Portland Mayor Sam Adams says he has no plans to resign "  I want to apologize " for mistake , Adams says at news conference Adams had affair with 18-year-old intern in 2005 , then asked him to lie about it Adams makes admission after newspaper reports relationship
CNN  -- Usain Bolt bids to become the first man to win the Olympic sprint double twice while World Cup champ Japan seeks to win a second major soccer title . Here are five things to watch at the Olympics on Thursday : 1  Men 's 200 meters : Jamaica vs. Jamaica Before you go giving Bolt the gold medal , Yohan Blake has something he wants to say . "  I 'm not really focusing on beating him . I 'm concentrating on running my race . My plan is just to execute , " says the Jamaican champion . Wallace Spearmon of the United States will try to spoil the race , but after Blake and Bolt looked so impressive in their heats , it 's hard to see anyone challenging the training partners and friends . When athletes succeed , but judges fail Final is at 8:55 p.m. London time  3:55 p.m. ET 2  Soccer : U.S. looks for revenge in the Olympic final , again The World Cup "  loss " in 2011 was one of the most heartbreaking results ever for the U.S. women . The U.S. led with nine minutes left in regulation and with three minutes left in extra time but lost the penalty-kick shootout to Japan 3-1  the match result is deemed a draw  . The Americans , twice World Cup champs and three times winners of the Olympics , have several factors going for them in their revenge bid . No World Cup champion has ever won the Olympics the next year . And since 1995 , each time a team has knocked the United States out of World Cup , they 've met in the Olympics a year later . The United States has won every time , twice in the final . Sex , Games and Olympic Village life Gold medal match begins at 7:45 p.m. London time  2:45 p.m. ET  . 3  Decathlon : Eaton needs a good nap Ashton Eaton appears ready to grab the title of world 's greatest athlete that comes with winning the Olympic decathlon title . After the first day of the competition , the world record holder in the event had a nice 220-point lead over his countryman Trey Hardee . You 'd think Eaton would be thrilled after breaking the Olympic record for the decathlon 100 meters and topping the pack in three events . Not so , after all , he 's only halfway home . And after a 12-hour day , he was in a hurry to go get some sleep . "  So far I am somewhat satisfied . I am in a good position . It has been a long day , " he said . Jessica Ennis : I 'd do it for nothing The first of the five events on Day 2 , the 110-meter hurdles , is at 9 a.m. London time  4 a.m. ET 4  Women 's water polo : Upstarts vs. U.S. Perhaps the fourth time will be the charm for the United States . Since women 's water polo became an Olympic sport in 2000 , the Americans have medaled three times , but none are gold . Teenager Maggie Steffens leads the United States with 16 goals against Spain , which has never won a major tournament . Spain is led by Anni Espar Llaquet , who has 13 goals . The gold medal match is at 8 p.m. London time  3 p.m. ET  . Water polo placement matches begin at 2:30 p.m. London time  9:30 a.m. ET 5  Women 's 4x100-meter relay : Trying to get a handle Passing the relay baton seems like it should be an easy thing to do . But in the past two Olympics  and several world championships  the U.S. women have botched a pass and not finished a race . The Americans begin their London quest with a qualifying heat Thursday night . Jeneba Tarmoh , who passed on a runoff for a place in the 100 meters after tying Allyson Felix at the U.S. trials , is part of the six-member pool . She might run in the early rounds . But Tarmoh ran with an "  A " relay squad in a tuneup meet and the result was familiar : a missed handoff . Felix floors Jamaican rivals Round 1 of the relays begins at 8:20 p.m. London time  3:20 p.m. ET	Usain Bolt goes for unprecedented double double Americans 1-2 after first day of decathlon Spain seeks another upset to win the women 's water polo gold
CNN  -- In tiny Bishop , California , Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , wants to build a museum honoring the mule . Bishop , California , celebrates "  Mule Days " every Memorial Day weekend . McKeon has requested a $ 50,000 earmark to explore the possibility of building a museum in the town that every Memorial Day weekend holds the biggest mule celebration in the United States . It might sound preposterous , but McKeon is doing what many of his House colleagues are doing -- appropriating federal funds for pet projects back home . McKeon has requested funds for studying the feasibility of building the museum and providing support for operations . McKeon defended the earmark in a statement sent to CNN as supporting economic development in his district . "  Bishop is a classic western frontier city which survives on tourism . Adding a museum to its community will increase tourism by bringing sightseers and visitors to Bishop year-round , benefiting the area economy , " McKeon 's statement said . "  If CNN chooses to make a mockery of small-town , western heritage , that 's its prerogative , but I 'm going to remain focused on the economic development of my district . " According to congressional spending watchdog group Americans for Prosperity , House members this year alone seek to spend $ 13.7 million in tax dollars on 63 museum-related expenses . And the requests are n't limited to one party . Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , whom critics often call the "  King of Pork , " has asked for $ 150,000 to restore the W.A. Young and Sons Foundry to a "  key historic property , " according to a description posted on Murtha 's Web site . Watch why taxpayers might be paying for a mule museum " The Rices Landing foundry in Murtha 's economically distressed district is right next to Gary Smith 's home . Smith parks his car in front of the building because as he says "  they got a tour in there -LSB- only -RSB- once a year . " Murtha declined to talk to CNN about his earmark requests . That is not uncommon . Earlier this year , CNN asked House members to disclose their earmarks . Of the more than 430 members , 47 provided earmark requests , 68 said they would not release their requests and six said they had not made any requests . The others did not return CNN 's request for a list of their earmarks . Earmarks have been a political hot button for years . Commonly derided as "  pork , " pet projects are tucked into spending bills . In 2006 , Congress approved a record $ 29 billion in earmarks . Watchdog groups , citizens and the media have tried to figure out which members of Congress were asking for money to fund pet projects . When Democrats swept into power in January , they vowed a more ethical , open and transparent government . Earmark reform was at the top of the list . But the party leaders have struggled to make the earmark process more transparent . Democrats have agreed to attach names to earmarks -- letting the public know which representative is asking for what -- before votes on bills . That will be a first , and Democrats have touted the move as a sign of their openness . But there is no law or rule that requires senators or members of Congress to release their requests . In his statement , McKeon called himself a "  staunch supporter of earmark transparency and accountability . " "  A light needs to be shined on the hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars spent on ` bridges to nowhere ' and projects that serve no real purpose , unlike our community museum request , " McKeon said . "  I do not shy away from , nor do I take any issue with , the public knowing that federal dollars went to support the economic development of a small town on the western edge of the country . " McKeon 's and Murtha 's requests come at a time when Rep. John Boehner of Ohio , the Republican minority leader , is trying to force reforms in how congressional members ask for and receive funding for pet projects . Boehner is gathering signatures in hopes of forcing a vote to make public every earmark in every bill . Boehner said it would be unreasonable to force a vote on each of the 16,000 expected earmarks Congress will approve in this year 's spending bills . But he said some amount of exposure will cut down on the more outrageous requests . Boehner recently wrote an editorial urging his fellow Republicans to return to their fiscally conservative roots and stop asking for so many pork-barrel projects . But he admits he has limited power , even among fellow Republicans . "  I 'm elected to be their leader , " Boehner said . "  I 'm not elected to be their dictator or lay out all the rules . All I can do is lead by example . I 've never asked for one -LSB- earmark -RSB- . I think there 's an incredible amount of waste . I 'm doing my best to control it . " Democratic House leaders , including Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California and Rep. David Obey of Wisconsin , the Appropriations Committee chairman , declined to answer questions concerning earmark funding . E-mail to a friend	California Republican has requested $ 50,000 for a mule museum Congress has requested $ 13 million-plus for museum-related earmarks Democrats have vowed to make earmark process more transparent GOP House leader pressing for more disclosure of 16,000 expected earmarks
CNN  -- Robin van Persie and Javier Hernandez began 2013 as they ended the old year by grabbing two goals apiece as Manchester United won 4-0 at Wigan Tuesday to stay top of the English Premier League by seven points . Mexico 's Hernandez , who scored the crucial Boxing Day winner in the 4-3 victory over Newcastle , grabbed the opener and the third for United at the DW Stadium . Van Persie , the key summer signing for United , made it 19 for the season for his new side , with 16 coming in the EPL , the leading tally . Hernandez , taking his share of responsibility in the absence of the injured Wayne Rooney , tapped home a 35th minute opener after Ali Al Habsi saved from Patrice Evra . Dutch ace van Persie scored the second eight minutes later , fielding a pass from Hernandez before curling the ball home . Hernandez added a third just after the hour mark with a neat finish before van Persie took advantage of slack defending with two minutes to go . It was United 's eighth win in their last nine EPL matches and manager Alex Ferguson is delighted by his new acquisition . "  Van Persie 's first goal was magnificent . We expected him to be a major player and add something to us , and that 's exactly what he 's done , " he told BBC Sport . Defending champions Manchester City kept pace with a 3-0 home win over Stoke City , with Pablo Zabaleta , Edin Dzeko and Sergio Aguero on target against a team who had been on a 10-match unbeaten run . But Argentina 's Aguero limped off with a hamstring injury after converting a second half penalty . He is likely to be sidelined for about two weeks , said the club . Tottenham Hotspur continued their recent strong run with a 3-1 home win over struggling Reading . Pavel Pogrebnyak gave Reading a surprise fourth minute lead but Michael Dawson canceled it out five minutes later . Togo star Emmanuel Adebayor and American international Clint Dempsey scored in the second half as Spurs went a point clear of Chelsea , who are at home to QPR Wednesday . In other matches , Aston Villa put a half to their alarming slide with a 2-2 draw at Swansea , the home side grabbing a point through Danny Graham 's injury time equalizer . Dimitar Berbatov scored the opener as Fulham returned to winning ways with a 2-1 win at West Bromwich Albion in the early kick off , while West Ham saw off Norwich 2-1 . Arsenal , who hit seven at home to Newcastle last Saturday , could not repeat the magic at Southampton where they were held 1-1 in the late kick off . Gaston Ramirez took advantage of poor defending to put the Saints ahead in the 34th minute . Theo Walcott , who scored a hat-trick in their big win , took the free kick which led to a Guly do Prado own goal before half time , but Arsenal could not force a victory and lost ground in the race for a Champions League place .	Manchester Utd beat Wigan 4-0 to stay seven points clear in EPL Second placed Manchester City ease past Stoke to keep pace Tottenham back into third spot with 3-1 home win over Reading Arsenal held at Southampton in late kick off on New Year 's Day
CNN  -- Nigeria 's ruling party has set its presidential primaries for next month , a spokesman said Thursday . The primaries will be held between October 18 and 20 , said Rufai Alkali , a spokesman for the People 's Democratic Party . A single candidate will be ratified on October 23 , Alkali said . On Wednesday , President Goodluck Jonathan said he intends to run , and will make a formal declaration on Saturday . "  In presenting myself for service , I make no pretense that I have a magic wand that will solve all of Nigeria 's problems or that I am the most intelligent Nigerian , " Jonathan wrote on his Facebook page . "  Far from it . What I do promise is this -- if I am elected president in 2011 , I will make a covenant with you , the Nigerian people , to always do right by you , to tell you the truth at all times , to carry you along and most importantly to listen to you , fellow citizens in our communities , and also those of you on this page . " Jonathan 's eligibility was in question until last month , when the Peoples Democratic Party said he could run in an open race with other candidates next year . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to different regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket of the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . Yar ` Adua 's death in May , after a long illness , upset the order of the zoning . Yar ` Adua was elected in 2007 and his southern replacement threatened to halt the north 's turn at holding power . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	President Jonathan says he will formally declare his candidacy Saturday He made the announcement on his Facebook page Authorities approved his eligibility last month
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay will serve three years in prison on his November conviction on money laundering and conspiracy charges , a Texas judge ruled Monday . Judge Pat Priest sentenced DeLay to three years on the conspiracy charge and five years on the money-laundering charge . But the judge will allow DeLay to serve 10 years probation with community service on the laundering charge in lieu of the prison sentence , and the two sentences will be served concurrently . Priest remanded DeLay into custody and set a $ 10,000 bond pending appeal . Defense attorney Dick DeGuerin left the courthouse quickly after the sentence was announced but he spoke briefly , saying , "  If I told you what I thought , I would get sued . This will not stand . " Addressing the court prior to the sentencing , DeLay argued that he still does n't believe he did anything wrong and never did anything for personal gain . "  I always intended to follow the law , " he said . "  I 'm not stupid . Everything I did I had accountants and lawyers telling me what to do and how to follow the letter of the law , even the spirit of the law . " DeLay was found guilty in November of illegally funneling corporate money to help elect Republican candidates to the Texas legislature . "  Judge , I ca n't be remorseful for something I do n't think I did , " he said . Earlier , prosecutor Steve Brandt urged the judge to send DeLay to prison , saying the once-powerful Republican showed too much disregard for the law to warrant community service and probation . "  He has shown no remorse , no remorse whatsoever , " said prosecutor Steve Brandt in his closing arguments . "  The man , according to him , does nothing wrong . " "  He needs to go to prison , your honor , and he needs to go today . " "  If he gets probation , " Brandt said , "  and those people who read the newspaper tomorrow ... will say , ' I told you . He wears a tie , he gets probation . ' " "  I 'm going to use a quote from Alexander Hamilton , " he said . " ` No one is above the law . ' " DeGuerin countered that "  no purpose would be served today by sending Tom DeLay to prison ... He lost it all already . " DeGuerin stressed DeLay 's lifetime of public service , detailing "  his good works for his party , his state and his country , " and claimed that the prosecution was "  political . " "  We accept the jury entered its verdict , but we do not accept it , " he said . "  We will challenge it ... and we have the right . " DeGuerin said the prosecution was based on the redistricting that took place by the new Texas legislature after the 2002 election -- an effort that changed district lines and cost several Democrats their congressional seats . "  I say that the redistricting that came about ... is what motivated the prosecution to go after him , " the attorney said , "  because for the first time in decades , the representation represented more of the voters ' make-up of Texas . " At the outset of the trial , DeLay predicted he would be proclaimed innocent and called his conviction "  an abuse of power " and "  a miscarriage of justice . " DeLay was found guilty of money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering , after being accused of funneling $ 190,000 to help elect Republicans to the state House and Senate in 2002 . He faced a possible maximum prison term of 99 years on the money-laundering charge and 20 years on the conspiracy charge . The prosecution had asked for the full extent of punishment or "  no less than 10 years confinement . " The defense sought only probation . Two other men facing charges in the case are awaiting trial . DeLay , a conservative Republican , helped Newt Gingrich spearhead the GOP revival in 1994 that won control of the House and Senate in the first midterm election under Democratic President Bill Clinton . While serving as the GOP 's congressional whip , DeLay earned the nickname "  The Hammer " for his strict enforcement of party discipline . In 2004 , he was admonished three times by the House ethics committee , which warned him to "  temper " his future actions to comply with House rules . DeLay stepped aside as majority leader after his 2005 indictment on the money-laundering and conspiracy charges and resigned from Congress the following year . He fought the charges on procedural grounds for several years seeking unsuccessfully to have the trial held in his home county in suburban Houston instead of in the state capital , Austin , and blaming the indictment on a partisan prosecutor . This past summer , DeLay said a separate , long-running federal criminal investigation of his ties to lobbyist Jack Abramoff had been closed with no charges . Abramoff pleaded guilty in 2006 to charges of fraud , tax evasion and conspiracy to bribe public officials . Two former DeLay aides who joined Abramoff 's lobbying team after leaving Capitol Hill , also pleaded guilty during the wide-ranging influence peddling investigation . The Justice Department has declined to comment on the status of the Abramoff investigation , which also resulted in prison time for Ohio Republican Rep. Bob Ney and for Steven Griles , the No. 2 official in the Interior Department for much of the administration of President George W. Bush . On Monady , DeLay told the judge that his legal bills have topped $ 10 million . Despite his legal troubles , DeLay found time last year to appear as a short-lived contestant on the television show "  Dancing with the Stars . " He dropped out of the demanding dance competition due to stress fractures in both feet . CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	DeLay sentenced to 3 years on the conspiracy charge , 5 years on the money-laundering charge The judge will allow 10 years community service and probation in lieu of the laundering sentence DeLay faced up to 99 years for money laundering and 20 years on the conspiracy charge DeLay : "  I ca n't feel remorseful for something I do n't think I did "
