CNN  -- British boxer Amir Khan has retained his WBA light-welterweight title after winning the much-hyped "  battle of the faiths " by stopping challenger Dmitriy Salita in the first round on Saturday night . Khan , a devout Muslim , knocked down his Jewish opponent three times before the referee stopped after just one minute and 16 seconds . Salita , an American citizen who was born in Ukraine and is nicknamed "  Star of David " , was unable to follow up his bold claims made in the build-up to the fight , which took place in Newcastle in the north-east of England . The 22-year-old Khan was successful in his first defense of the belt that he won in defeating Andreas Kotelnik in July . He is trained by American Freddie Roach , who also guides Filipino star Manny Pacquiao , considered by many to be the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world . "  It was very explosive . The fight was just what we asked for , what Freddie asked me to do . We had too much power for this guy , " a delighted Khan told reporters after the fight . "  I 'm a growing young man and developing as a man . Freddie said to take it easy , pick the right shots and you 'll take this guy out and we did . "  Freddie is a great trainer , he 's like a father figure to me and to have him in my corner means a lot . Everyone knows I 'm a hard-working fighter and if you put the hard work in you 're going to get the benefits . "  After the first shot I could see his legs buckling and I just had to take my time . I knew he was going . " Roach has helped the Olympic silver medal winner to rebuild his career after a humiliating defeat by unknown Colombian Breidis Prescott last year . "  It was a blessing in disguise what happened against Prescott , I got beat and came back stronger , " Khan said . Roach was equally impressed with his young charge . "  I would give him an A + . I said if you hurt him , finish him . We 've been working on that power and the fight was really over after that first punch , " he said .	British boxer Amir Khan retains his WBA light-welterweight title in his first defense Khan , a devout Muslim , destroys Jewish opponent Dmitriy Salita in the first round He knocked down the Ukraine-born American three times in the opening minute
CNN  -- Next month , the Vidalia Onion Committee , a Georgia group that promotes the consumption of sweet onions , will roll out 6-foot cardboard cutouts of the ogre Shrek as a tie-in to the latest film in the series , "  Shrek Forever After . " In turn , the Georgia-based growers group hopes the green guy will turn children on to eating Vidalia onions . "  We do like to market to younger audiences and teach them about our product , " said Wendy Brannen , the committee 's executive director . Although it 's not the first time movie advertising has taken to the produce aisle  Disney promoted the DVD release of Peter Pan a few years ago with stickers on fresh tomatoes  , it 's definitely one of the most prominent displays . It 's become almost commonplace to see the latest cartoon character pop up on a cereal box or a Happy Meal , but these characters have been creeping up among fresh fruit and vegetable displays in recent years , which industry officials say is all good if it gets children to eat more produce . In a study published last year by the Journal of the American Dietetic Association , researchers at Ohio State University found that adolescents do n't meet guidelines for fruit and vegetable consumption , and fruit and juice consumption drops once children turn 6 . Popeye and the characters from Disney and Peanuts are among the cartoons that have been featured by produce companies , says Patrick Delaney , communications manager for the United Fresh Produce Association in Washington . And last summer , Sesame Street 's Cookie Monster teamed up with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to promote children eating a rainbow of fresh produce . Shrek seemed an obvious choice for the Vidalia campaign , Brannen says , because the ogre compares himself to an onion in the first Shrek film . "  Ogres are like onions , " Shrek tells Donkey : "  Onions have layers . Ogres have layers . Onions have layers . You get it ? We both have layers . " Beginning in late April when Vidalia onions are harvested and up through the movie 's May 21 premiere , Shrek cutouts will decorate produce aisles in thousands of stores , Brannen says . Along with taking home kid-friendly recipes , shoppers can enter to win a 50-inch television , a Nintendo Wii game system and a Shrek video game . In the meantime , here are our five favorite produce spokescartoons : Donald Duck Imagination Farms tapped Disney 's wubbable Donald Duck to tout the wonders of cauliflower to the young generation under its Disney Garden line . Donald 's got a big bowl of cauliflower florets that he looks very excited to quack down . Snoopy Hinkle Produce uses Charlie Brown 's beagle to sell young shoppers on the merits of its juicy watermelons . Though there 's no special Snoopy plastic wrap , the watermelons come in Snoopy-covered watermelon bins . Cookie Monster Not content to scarf down cookies , Sesame Street 's crumby blue monster joined Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and an animated stalk of broccoli for a public service announcement geared to PBS 's youngest viewers on the benefits of eating a wide variety of veggies . Charlie Brown Well , if you 're waiting for the great pumpkin , look no further than Charlie Brown in the produce aisle . Hinkle Produce of Cissna Park , Illinois , puts its pumpkin haul in big orange bins with Charlie , Snoopy and Linus proclaiming , "  It 's the Great Pumpkin ! " Popeye It could be argued that Popeye has been selling kids on spinach since his inception in 1929 . California producer River Ranch Fresh Foods has been using Popeye to tout its array of fresh packaged spinach and salad blends under the Popeye Fresh ! label since the mid-2000s .	Vidalia Onion Committee to place cutouts of Shrek in grocery stores Industry officials say it 's good if it means children eat more vegetables Popeye , Disney characters have also done partnerships with produce companies
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration is in the process of firing six checked-baggage screeners and suspending 14 others at Boston 's Logan International Airport . The workers were all responsible for screening baggage in one of the 10 screening rooms in the airport , a TSA spokesperson who could not be identified due to the sensitivity of personnel actions told CNN . The six people the agency has proposed firing did not always send bags that needed a secondary screening to agents in another room to perform those inspections , the spokesperson said . TSA behavior detection officers retrained after profiling complaints The 14 workers , including two managers , who the agency proposed suspending allegedly did not pay complete attention to the screening machines . They allegedly read newspapers or talked on the phone while they worked , or did not report the behavior . The suspensions are slated to last three to 14 days and will be unpaid . The alleged misconduct was discovered by a routine internal review , and additional investigations showed it was not happening in the other baggage inspection rooms at the airport , the spokesperson said . "  All TSA employees are held to the highest standards of conduct and accountability . These standards are critical to our work and TSA 's commitment to the safety of the traveling public , " read a TSA statement provided to CNN by another agency spokesman , David Castelveter . No security incidents were found related to any of the bags that should have been physically inspected , and the first agency spokesperson noted there are additional layers of security besides the inspections . The employees recommended for termination or suspension have the right to appeal under TSA employment rules . Those who complete a suspension will undergo retraining . TSA agents assigned to a behavior detection unit in Boston were ordered to undergo intensive retraining after allegations earlier this month that they were targeting minorities for questioning based on their race or ethnicity . The baggage screening investigation was unrelated to the behavior detection unit , the spokesperson said . TSA to speed flight attendants through security	The TSA action affects a total of 20 checked-baggage screeners The screeners work at Boston 's Logan International Airport The TSA is moving to fire six of the screeners and suspend the other 14 Job performance is the issue , an agency spokesperson says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Cardinal Roger Mahony visited Bryan Stow Tuesday to pray for the 42-year-old , who remains in a medically induced coma nearly two weeks after he was attacked after a baseball game between the Los Angeles Dodgers and San Francisco Giants , a hospital spokeswoman said . "  His condition remains critical and doctors are hoping Bryan 's condition improves over the next 24 hours , " said hospital spokeswoman Rosa Saca , a spokeswoman for Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center Relatives of the Giants fan launched a website -- www.support4bryanstow.com -- in part to provide daily updates on his condition . Stow 's sister , Bonnie Stow , told CNN that one priority of the neurosurgeons is keeping him sedated to prevent seizures and swelling in the brain . In a recent Web posting , she wrote : "  The doctors want to limit visitors , noise and physical contact with Bryan . They 're wanting to keep his brain calm and just ... quiet ... to see how that works . ... That way the neurologists can get a better reading of brain activity . Fever down . " Bonnie Stow said her brother 's seizures have subsided , and over the next 24 to 48 hours doctors want to gradually reduce the sedation he is under and , hopefully , bring him out of the medically induced coma . "  We ca n't wait for Bryan to wake up so he can see for himself just how much people love him , whether they are family , friends or strangers . " Since the unprovoked attack after the March 31 game at Dodger Stadium , money has poured in from numerous donors and fundraising events to help pay for medical costs and provide support for his two young children . Bonnie Stow said the website also identifies fundraising activity endorsed by Stow 's family . L.A. officials ask two suspects to surrender "  We are trying to post only legitimate fundraisers that we can confirm because unfortunately there are those trying to take advantage of this tragic situation , " said Bonnie in a posting . At a dual fundraiser Monday at Dodger Stadium and AT&T Park in San Francisco , where the Giants and Dodgers played Monday , more than $ 120,000 was raised , said American Medical Response spokesman Jason Sorrick . More than $ 200,000 has been raised for Stow , who works for AMR . Meanwhile , investigators continued their search for the two suspected assailants , who fled after the beating in a light-colored , four-door car driven by a woman with a young boy inside , authorities said . Since the release of composite sketches , police have investigated more than 100 clues based on calls and tips , said Los Angeles Police Detective PJ Morris . About 100 witnesses saw Stow attacked as he left the stadium parking lot , and Morris said some of them have provided useful information . Officials are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to arrests and convictions . "  Whether it 's the reward money or a Good Samaritan who wants to help solve a horrific crime , there has been a tremendous outpouring of calls from people who might have useful information , " Morris said . Morris said detectives have compiled and presented photographic lineups of possible suspects to witnesses in the Los Angeles area but no one has identified Stow 's attackers . Another team of detectives has been showing the photos to witnesses in the Bay Area . "  Every call and tip is helpful in some capacity , even if it eliminates someone who may resemble the composite sketches , " Morris said . "  There is no forensic evidence in this case , therefore that person who comes forward is most likely how we 're going to solve this thing . " LAPD officials released a tip line for anyone with information : 1-800-222-TIPS  8477  .	Cardinal Roger Mahony visits Bryan Stow , 42 , to pray for the injured father of two Doctors want to gradually reduce the sedation keeping him in a medically induced coma Stow , a paramedic , was attacked after a baseball game at Dodger Stadium on March 31 Police have gotten many tips , and money has poured into funds to help with medical bills
CNN  -- The feds call industrial hemp a controlled substance -- the same as pot , heroin , LSD -- but advocates say a sober analysis reveals a harmless , renewable cash crop with thousands of applications that are good for the environment . Industrial hemp , left , looks a lot like its cousin in the cannabis family , marijuana . Two North Dakota farmers are taking that argument to federal court , where a November 14 hearing is scheduled in a lawsuit to determine if the Drug Enforcement Administration is stifling the farmers ' efforts to grow industrial hemp . The DEA says it 's merely enforcing the law . Marijuana and industrial hemp are members of the Cannabis sativa L. species and have similar characteristics . One major difference : Hemp wo n't get you high . Hemp contains only traces of delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , the compound that gets pot smokers stoned . However , the Controlled Substances Act makes little distinction , banning the species almost outright . Marijuana , which has only recreational and limited medical uses , is the shiftless counterpart to the go-getter hemp , which has a centuries-old history of handiness . The February 1938 issue of Popular Mechanics magazine heralded hemp as the "  new billion-dollar crop , " saying it had 25,000 uses . Today , it is a base element for textiles , paper , construction materials , car parts , food and body care products . It 's not a panacea for health and environmental problems , advocates concede , but it 's not the menace the Controlled Substances Act makes it out to be . Watch why a North Dakota official thinks the U.S. should be in the hemp business " "  This is actually an anti-drug . It 's a healthy food , " explained Adam Eidinger of the Washington advocacy group Vote Hemp . "  We 're not using this as a statement to end the drug war . " Rather , Eidinger said , Vote Hemp wants to vindicate a plant that has been falsely accused because of its mischievous cousin . North Dakota farmers Wayne Hauge and Dave Monson say comparing industrial hemp to marijuana is like comparing pop guns and M-16s . They 've successfully petitioned the state Legislature -- of which Monson is a member -- to authorize the farming of industrial hemp . They 've applied for federal permits and submitted a collective $ 5,733 in nonrefundable fees , to no avail , so they 're suing the DEA . North Dakota is one of seven states to OK hemp production or research . California would have made eight until Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger last week vetoed the California Industrial Hemp Farming Act , citing the burden on law enforcement which would have to inspect hemp fields to make sure they were marijuana-free . Administration skeptical of initiatives The DEA claims the farmers ' lawsuit is misguided because the agency is obligated to enforce the Controlled Substances Act . "  Hemp comes from cannabis . It 's kind of a Catch 22 there , " said DEA spokesman Michael Sanders . "  Until Congress does something , we have to enforce the laws . " The difference between marijuana , industrial hemp " Asked if the DEA opposes the stalled House Resolution 1009 , which would nix industrial hemp from the definition of marijuana , Sanders said the Justice Department and President Bush would make that call . "  When it comes to laws , we do n't have a dog in that fight , " he said . The Justice Department has no position yet on the resolution , said spokesman Erik Ablin . The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , however , is skeptical because of the burden hemp would place on law enforcement resources . Also , hemp advocates are regularly backed -- sometimes surreptitiously -- by the pro-marijuana movement , the office alleges . "  ONDCP cautions that , historically , the hemp movement has been almost entirely funded by the well-organized and well-funded marijuana legalization lobby , " said spokesman Tom Riley . "  All we do is ask people not to be naive about what 's really going on here . " Often , the hemp movement -- like hemp legislation -- is inextricably tied to marijuana . Pot advocates like actor Woody Harrelson and activist Jack Herer have double or ulterior agendas when they expound the virtues of hemp . Not so with Monson , 57 . The assistant GOP leader in the state House , who returned to the family farm where he was reared in 1975 , said he became interested in hemp in 1993 when scab , or Fusarium head blight , devastated his wheat and barley crops . Monson grows canola , too , but wants another crop in his rotation . Soybeans are too finicky for the weather and rocky soil . Monson also tried pinto beans , fava beans and buckwheat with no luck . "  None of them seemed to really be a surefire thing , " he said . "  We were looking for anything that was potentially able to make us some money . " Hemp , said the lifelong farmer , seemed an apt fit . It likes the climate , its deep roots irrigate soil , it does n't need herbicides because it grows tall quickly and it breaks the disease cycles in other crops , Monson said . States follow Canada 's lead About 20 miles north of Monson 's Osnabrock farm lies the Canadian border , the hemp dividing line . Just over the border in Manitoba , farmers have been reaping the benefits of hemp since 1998 , when Health Canada reversed a longtime ban . In a Vote Hemp video , Shaun Crew , president of Hemp Oil Canada Inc. , a processing company in Sainte-Agathe , praised Canada 's foresight in differentiating between hemp and marijuana . While marijuana THC levels can range between 3 and 20 percent , Canada demands its hemp contain no more than 0.3 percent . In some hemp , the THC levels can sink as low as one part per million , Crew said . "  There 's probably more arsenic in your red wine , there 's more mercury in your water and there 's definitely more opiates in the poppy seed bagel you ate this morning , " Crew said on the video . The North Dakota Legislature is convinced , as are the general assemblies in Hawaii , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Montana and West Virginia . With his state 's blessing , North Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson is backing the farmers and has proposed modeling North Dakota 's hemp laws after Canada 's strict regulations . "  We were n't just going to tell the DEA to take a hike , " Johnson said . "  We 're serious about this , and we want to do it in concert with the DEA . " In a March 27 letter to Johnson , Joseph Rannazzisi of the DEA 's Office of Diversion Control , said the permits were denied because the state had n't satisfied the agency 's security and logistical requirements . Security aspects require careful evaluation because "  the substance at issue is marijuana -- the most widely abused controlled substance in the United States , " Rannazzisi wrote . "  We 've been terribly brainwashed " Hemp was n't always banned in the U.S. Jamestown Colony required farmers to grow it in 1619 . Even after Congress cracked down on marijuana in 1937 , farmers were encouraged to grow the crop for rope , sails and parachutes during World War II 's "  Hemp for Victory " campaign . Jake Graves , 81 , heeded the call . Graves , whose father grew hemp in both world wars and whose grandfather grew it during the Civil War , was a teen when his father died in 1942 . At the time , Graves ' family was growing hemp for the Army . The Graveses continued growing hemp on their 500-acre Kentucky farm until 1945 , when the market dried up after the advent of synthetic fabrics and the post-war reinvigoration of international trade . But Graves stands by the crop and its versatility and says that by lumping hemp in with marijuana , lawmakers "  threw the baby out with the wash . " "  We 've been terribly brainwashed as a society , " Graves said . "  Man did n't use it for all those hundreds and hundreds of years without knowing what they were doing . " In the U.S. , tapping hemp 's versatility relies on imports . The DEA clamped down on most hemp imports in 1999 and 2001 , but relented after a Canadian company sued , saying the ban violated its rights under the North American Free Trade Agreement . Though advocates considered it a victory , Johnson said hemp wo n't be fully utilized until it can be grown and researched stateside . "  For us to grow it is n't enough . You have to build that infrastructure , " Johnson said . "  None of those uses is really going to develop to any great degree until we 're able to grow this commodity . " Johnson said the farmers ' Vote Hemp-funded lawsuit has no hidden agenda . It 's aimed solely at allowing farmers to grow hemp -- without going to jail because federal law says hemp and marijuana are the same . "  I 've got a state Legislature saying they are n't and the entire world saying they are n't . This is about a crop that is a legitimate crop every place else in the world , " Johnson said . "  It 's not a crusade thing . It 's a crop . Let farmers grow it . We do n't want anyone to be growing drugs . " E-mail to a friend	Fast-growing hemp used for food , paper , textiles and car parts Hemp and marijuana have tetrahydrocannabinol , but the level in hemp is lower North Dakota is one of seven states that have OK 'd production or research The DEA will not approve permits for two farmers in that state
Editor 's note : Audrey Kurth Cronin , a professor at the U.S. National War College and research associate of the Changing Character of War program at Oxford University , is the author of "  How Terrorism Ends : Understanding the Decline and Demise of Terrorist Campaigns "  Princeton University Press , September 2009  . This article represents her views only , not necessarily those of any U.S. government agency . Audrey Kurth Cronin says recent events have raised new concerns about terrorism and al Qaeda . CNN  -- President Obama entered office hoping to displace the global war on terrorism with a new age of engagement , thereby replacing fear with hope and relinquishing terrorism as the centerpiece of U.S. foreign policy . Yet terrorism is once again in the center of the bull 's - eye for Washington policymakers . The war in Afghanistan is at a watershed . Having been relatively neglected in favor of the intervention in Iraq , the administration must now decide whether to recommit to a full-fledged counter-insurgency , perhaps with an additional 40,000 U.S. troops on top of the more than 60,000 already slated for the conflict . Alternatively , some argue for a strategy that focuses on the original problem -- of al Qaeda and its extremist associates rather than more ambitious state-building . The former would appear to be more costly and perhaps a slippery slope to a protracted war that might not be winnable ; the latter could be ineffective in halting the potential resurgence in an unstable region of an al Qaeda threat to the United States and its allies . Meanwhile , in the past few weeks it seems clear that the United States has foiled a series of terrorist plots that collectively constituted the gravest threat to the American homeland since 9/11 . Najibullah Zazi , a 24-year-old Afghan immigrant , has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction in New York , while a Jordanian has been arrested , accused of attempting to destroy a Dallas , Texas , skyscraper . In addition , charges have been made against three men in North Carolina for plotting to attack a Marine Corps base and another man has been charged with conspiring to blow up federal buildings in Illinois . Is al Qaeda resurgent ? Is the United States under threat because of the failure to capture or kill Osama bin Laden ? Americans need to take a deep breath , because the answer to both questions , while requiring some caveats , is no . Al Qaeda is facing more negative trends than what international forces are facing in Afghanistan , although it is always possible that U.S. missteps could rekindle the extremist terror narrative and organization . Similarly , killing bin Laden will not end al Qaeda , but neither will his fugitive status sustain it . To answer the question of how al Qaeda will end , we can draw upon decades of experience with how other terrorist campaigns have fizzled out . The history of terrorist groups points to various ways they may decline and end : the destruction of leadership , failure to transition between generations , achieving their stated cause , negotiating a settlement , succumbing to military or police repression , losing popular support and transitioning to other malignant activities such as criminality or war . Not all of these pathways are probable for every group , and they are not all relevant to al Qaeda . For example , it is clear that al Qaeda will not end if Osama bin Laden is killed . Groups that have ended this way such as Japan 's Aum Shinrikyo or Peru 's Shining Path have been hierarchical , reflecting to some degree a cult of personality and lacking a viable successor , none of which describes al Qaeda . It also will not die out between generations , as did many of the left-wing groups of the 1970s . Al Qaeda has transitioned beyond its original structure and is a multigenerational threat . Likewise , achieving the cause or reaching a negotiated settlement does not apply to al Qaeda . Groups that have achieved their ends have had limited goals . Al Qaeda seeks maximalist goals : Using violence to mobilize the global Muslim community , throw off the influence of the West , eliminate support for Arab regimes and establish a new world order  sometimes called a Caliphate  is hardly realistic . The remaining pathways deserve greater scrutiny . Although the campaign against al Qaeda has yielded gratifying results , the limits of driving the core into hiding and reducing its capacity to operate have been demonstrated . Democracies find it hard to sustain policy of repression at home or abroad , as it can undermine civil liberties and strain domestic support . American use of military force signified Western resolve , killed al Qaeda leaders and prevented attacks , all of which were vital ; but force alone can not drive this group to its end . A loss of popular support has ended many terrorist groups , and it is a plausible scenario for al Qaeda . Support can be compromised through miscalculation , especially in targeting , and popular backlash . The Real Irish Republican Army and India 's Sikh separatists come to mind . Or a campaign can fail to convey a positive image or progress toward its goals , which amply applies to al Qaeda . While the group continues to be dangerous , the faltering popularity of this campaign with most Muslims provides clear evidence of this dynamic underway . For instance , a Pew Global Attitudes Project poll released in September showed a remarkable drop in support for suicide bombing and Osama bin Laden in key Muslim-majority countries such as Pakistan , Egypt , Turkey and Jordan . In Pakistan , whereas some 41 percent approved of suicide terror attacks five years ago , that number has fallen to a mere 5 percent today . Finally , groups can transition from terrorism to other kinds of violence , escalating to insurgency or even conventional war , for example -- especially if there is state sponsorship . Some argue that this may already have happened in the case of al Qaeda and link the current debate over Afghan strategy to this concern . In this regard , it is counterproductive to consider al Qaeda as a global insurgency . This concept bestows legitimacy , emphasizes territorial control , encourages our enemies to join forces and puts the United States into an us-versus-them strategic framework that precludes clear-eyed analyses of the strategies of leverage that are being used against the United States and its allies . In short , if we are thinking about classic pathways to the end , the secret to undermining this campaign is not "  winning hearts and minds " but enhancing al Qaeda 's tendency to lose them . More terrorist attacks will be attempted and a few will no doubt succeed in parts of the world , conceivably even in the United States . But it makes a significant difference whether such attacks are undertaken by a few recruits without proper training or support or by those who have managed to visit an al Qaeda training camp in a safe haven with full support . Thus far , the trends are heading in a favorable direction . Even in its diminished state , al Qaeda and its franchises remain armed and dangerous . This group can still hurt us . But appreciating how terrorist campaigns actually end offers the greatest promise for removing ourselves from the strategic myopia that currently grips much of Western counter-terrorism efforts and for clarifying our political objectives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Audrey Kurth Cronin .	Audrey Cronin : Terror arrests and Afghan debate make it seem al Qaeda is gaining She says the reality is that the terror group is losing support Cronin : U.S. should encourage the disillusionment with al Qaeda in Muslim world
London  CNN  -- Latin goodbyes sometimes lack the finality of Anglo-Saxon ones . In Italian , for instance , the expression "  arrivederci " does n't mean a definite adieu but rather "  until we meet again . " Yet even in Italy there are occasions when people want their farewells to be lasting , as the country 's ultimate comeback king may finally have to concede . After being convicted for tax fraud and facing more legal woes for cavorting with an underage call girl , Silvio Berlusconi will likely be banned from public office soon . A desperate attempt by the three-time prime minister to thwart a vote on his exclusion backfired in spectacular fashion , when even his anointed heir refused to follow orders and torpedo the government . The message to Berlusconi this time was not just "  goodbye , " but "  good riddance . " Still , as lifelong opponents prepare to raise a glass to a fresh era , one ca n't help but wonder what this new Italy will look like without its familiar Silvio sideshow . READ MORE : Monti says Berlusconi will not be part of Italian parliament again If the 77-year-old 's antics were a welcome distraction from the country 's slide down the world league tables , then what vision -- if any -- will this disparate bunch of successors have ? Since rising to prominence during the power vacuum that followed Italy 's corruption scandals in the 1990s , Berlusconi has dominated the political and business arena for more than two decades . His detractors will say he has done countless damage to their nation 's reputation and taken a wrecking ball to its economy -- leaving generations to come with a hefty price to pay . READ MORE : The end for ` Il Cavaliere ' ? Furthermore , Berlusconi has undermined the rule of law by pursuing a personal vendetta against the judiciary and used parliament to pass bills that protected his interests . But for all his pantomime charades at home and abroad , one has to acknowledge the ex-premier has earned some quiet respect for at least staying the course . He may have been a polarizing figure but that cheeky charisma and flagrant disregard for the rules left no one unaware of who he was . Sly old Silvio , for all his schoolboy jokes , held together some of the longest-serving governments in the history of the Italian Republic and though his agenda today may not tally with that of a serious country , his party 's latest incarnation won a third of the vote at the last elections . In Italy , one quickly learns that few actually admit to supporting Berlusconi yet each time the country votes his followers flock to the ballot box in droves . READ MORE : A look at Berlusconi 's life The truth is in years gone by Berlusconi 's confidence and swagger were contagious . His secret : In the absence of any committed opposition to appeal to voters ' guilty pleasures , even if that meant offending everyone from ethnic minorities to Angela Merkel along the way . Millions of Italians were lulled into a false sense of security by the kind of populist rhetoric only the really , really rich like Berlusconi can spout with a straight face . But in an age when Italy needs to re-establish its credibility and pay off its debts his views are outdated , vacuous and inappropriate . The tycoon 's recent attempt to jeopardize his country 's future wellbeing merely to save his fading political career was nakedly selfish and fatally misjudged . It bore the hallmarks of an increasingly desperate septuagenarian who faces the prospect of retirement with fear and dread . Not even the prospect of a fiancee almost 50 years his junior will be enough to keep him at home , much to Italy 's chagrin . Even if he is ejected from the state 's decision-making bodies , it 's unlikely what 's left of Berlusconi 's clout will disappear overnight . His vast media empire will lobby from behind the scenes in print and on TV , employing guerrilla tactics to undermine the tough austerity Italy 's new leaders must pursue if they have a hope of fixing its perilous finances . And so , as Berlusconi contemplates his future and a year 's sentence under possible house arrest , the Italians may have finally realized this entertaining former leader is no longer good for their country . What they certainly know though is life will be more mundane without him .	Silvio Berlusconi , Italy 's ultimate comeback king , might finally be out of politics for good Nina dos Santos says the political message is now more than just goodbye -- this time it 's good riddance For all his pantomime charades however , he did earn some respect for staying the course But Italians appear to have finally realized he is no longer good for the country
Washington  CNN  -- Most Americans think Supreme Court justices base their rulings on personal political views rather than legal interpretation , polls show , and Thursday 's ruling on the politically charged health care reform law will probably reinforce that . By the narrowest of margins , the high court upheld almost all of President Barack Obama 's signature legislative achievement : the 2010 Affordable Care Act despised by conservatives as an expansion of government . The 5-4 decision prompted immediate criticism from the political right and the dissenting justices that it was an improper judicial overreach . Meanwhile , the reaction on the left was jubilant , with the Democratic National Committee executive director tweeting in exuberance : "  it 's constitutional . Bitches . " Republicans have new rallying point With justices clearly identified as conservative or liberal , based on their rulings and the party affiliation of the presidents who nominated them , any decision on a high-profile , emotional issue such as health care reform seemed certain to exacerbate the perception of politics motivating the ruling . A recent CBS News/New York Times poll found that 55 % of respondents believed Supreme Court justices would decide the health care cases based on personal or political views , compared with 32 % who said the rulings would be based on legal analysis . The same poll found only 13 % of respondents believed that justices generally base their decisions on legal analysis , while 76 % believed they were sometimes influenced by personal views . At the same time , polls show public approval of the nation 's highest court dipping near or below 50 % , which is on the low side of a rating that has exceeded 70 % in the past but is historically volatile . For example , a CNN/ORC International poll in April showed that 50 % of respondents approved of how the Supreme Court handled its job , with 41 % disapproving and 9 % offering no opinion . Ruling cements Obama 's political legacy To Nan Aron , president of the left-leaning Alliance for Justice , the Supreme Court 's role in the 2000 presidential election through the Bush v. Gore case cemented the perception that the justices were guided by political ideology . "  Clearly the public sees the courts as similar to Congress -- the branch where politics trumps everything else , " Aron told CNN before the health care ruling was handed down . Now-retired Justice John Paul Stevens warned of that very eventuality in his dissent in the Bush v. Gore ruling , writing that although the nation may never be completely certain of who won the 2000 election , the identity of the loser was "  perfectly clear . " "  It is the nation 's confidence in the judges as an impartial guardian of the rule of law , " Stevens wrote . Such a dynamic may seem inevitable in an era of stark partisan divide in the country , but court watchers said it should n't be that way . "  Precisely because everything is so polarized , there should be one branch of government that people on both sides of the aisle can view as deciding on the basis of law rather than politics , because these issues are so contested , " said Jeffrey Rosen , the legal affairs editor for The New Republic , in a recent interview on NPR . Opinion : Ruling a Frankenstein 's Monster Connie Severino , chief counsel and policy director for the right-leaning Judicial Crisis Network , said on the same NPR program that the Supreme Court "  has always maintained a position of being the most revered branch of government . " "  What you 've seen is a general decrease of public perception of government , and the court has kind of been dragged down along with it , " Severino added . In one way , Thursday 's ruling altered a perception in recent years that a conservative majority on the court led by Chief Justice John Roberts held sway . This time , Roberts joined the court 's liberal wing in the health care ruling and wrote the majority opinion , which Scotusblog.com founder Tom Goldstein predicted would change the public view of the court . Roberts ' role in the decision "  insulates the court and by extension him from criticism for the next 10 years that it 's just a partisan place that 's looking for political outcomes , " Goldstein told Bloomberg Law . Had Roberts sided Thursday with the other four conservatives -- Samuel Alito , Clarence Thomas , Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy -- the liberal reaction would surely have been as heated as the anger on the political right . "  This is truly a turning point in American history . We 'll never be the same way again , " complained Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , a leading tea party voice against the health care law . She called the ruling "  a more far-reaching decision than anyone had expected or imagined . " Gergen : Are voters ready to move on ? Scalia added to the perception of politicized justices this week in his dissent of a Monday case on Arizona 's immigration law in which he , Alito and Thomas opposed the majority , which included Roberts and Kennedy . In the dissent , Scalia criticized the Obama administration 's recent policy shift to halt deportations of some young illegal immigrants and complained that the government failed to enforce immigration laws , leaving border states unprotected . A Washington Post editorial Thursday said Scalia 's "  lapses of judicial temperament " hurt the dignity of his office and endangered "  not only his jurisprudential legacy but the legitimacy of the high court . " In recent years , 5-4 decisions reflected the conservative majority in some high-profile cases such as Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission of 2010 , which opened the electoral process to unlimited private funding without full disclosure . Roberts sided with his fellow conservatives in those cases , while four justices considered to the left -- Stephen Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor and the now-retired Stevens -- supported the politically liberal stance . Since then , Elena Kagan , another perceived liberal , succeeded Stevens on the high court . The party affiliation of the president who nominated the justices matches the political affiliation now associated with each . Roberts , Alito , Thomas , Scalia and Kennedy all were put forward by Republicans , while Breyer , Ginsburg , Sotomayor and Kagan were nominated by Democrats . "  The court is agreeing to hear many more controversial cases and rendering 5-4 rulings in these cases , which have the effect of politicizing its decision-making , " Aron said , adding that "  with Citizens United , the inside game has become much more apparent now to many more Americans . " What the ruling means to you Asked if Bush v. Gore had instigated the shift in public perception that the high court was politically motivated , Aron responded : "  I think that 's right . " Severino , however , rejected the argument that a single ruling or set of rulings showed any particular political leaning by justices . Harsh reactions follow rulings in any high-profile case , she said , noting the continued public division over the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973 that legalized abortion . "  The fact that a decision like Roe v. Wade was 7-2 , something none of us would consider a close case ... and yet has continued to be possibly the most divisive case certainly in this last century by the court , I think that shows that it 's not all about just the vote count , " she said on the NPR program . "  It 's about the public perception of whether the court is really being political or is actually deciding based on the law . " An even more one-sided ruling , the 9-0 decision on Brown v. Board of Education that ended school segregation in 1954 , also prompted a public outcry , including calls to impeach then-Chief Justice Earl Warren , Aron noted . The desegregation ruling "  galvanized a base of people particularly in the South who were very opposed to that , " she said . She added that Roe v. Wade led to further right-wing dissatisfaction with the high court that manifested itself in the nominations of conservative justices by Republican Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush in the 1980s . Opinion : The Supreme Court punts More recently , major rulings have followed the 5-4 breakdown , including the Parents v. Seattle School District and Meredith v. Jefferson Co. . Board of Education affirmative action cases in 2007 , the District of Columbia v. Heller gun control case in 2008 and the Citizens United case . Shortly after the Citizens United ruling , Obama added to the politicizing of Supreme Court issues by challenging the decision in his State of the Union address as six of the nine justices sat nearby in the packed Congress chamber . "  With all due deference to separation of powers , last week the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests -- including foreign corporations -- to spend without limit in our elections , " he said to applause . "  I do n't think American elections should be bankrolled by America 's most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities . " As Obama spoke , Alito appeared to mouth the words "  not true . " Severino , speaking to CNN before the health care rulings , questioned Obama 's public criticism of the justices back then , saying the court 's role is to decide if "  a law is within the constitutional authority of the Congress " and nothing more . "  We do n't have a Supreme Court to gauge which way the country 's going , " Severino said . "  We have an elected legislature for that . " Rosen , however , said in the NPR interview that "  if it 's really a novel argument , and reasonable people can disagree , courts are supposed to defer to the political process and not second-guess it . " CNN 's Keating Holland and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Thursday 's health care ruling angers the political right Recent poll says public thinks justices base rulings on personal views , rather than the law Analyst : The Supreme Court gets dragged down by party politics in Washington Bush v. Gore case increased the perception of a politicized high court , analyst says
London  CNN  -- As a nation prepared for next week 's funeral of Margaret Thatcher , hundreds of demonstrators took to Trafalgar Square on Saturday condemning the political legacy of Britain 's "  Iron Lady . " Meanwhile , as authorities planned a public funeral with full military honors , her daughter talked of her heartbreak and grief over the loss of her mother , the first woman to have become the country 's prime minister . "  This is going to be a difficult and and tearful week , even for the daughter of the ` Iron Lady , ' " Carol Thatcher told reporters outside her mother 's central London home . With high-profile guests , the funeral on Wednesday will rival those given to Princess Diana of Wales and the Queen Mother . Meanwhile , protesters staged anti-Thatcher gatherings in central London and elsewhere despite earlier heavy rains . At Trafalgar Sqaure in central London , activists and former miners rallied around an effigy of Thatcher , whose orange hair was made out of plastic bags . The effigy was paraded around the square , which in 1990 was the scene of rioting against a hugely unpopular poll tax introduced by Thatcher . Protesters chanted "  Maggie , Maggie , Maggie , dead , dead , dead . " Opposition groups called their event a "  party " Saturday to celebrate the death of the conservative leader . The T-shirt on the back of one man said : "  We 're having a party , Thatcher is dead . " Participants carried a makeshift coffin labeled "  Society . " That was a reference to Thatcher 's controversial remark in 1987 that "  there is no such thing as society . " Workers unfurled a "  National Union of Mineworkers " banner , evoking memories of the yearlong coal miners ' strike during the Thatcher years . One person held a placard stating in part : "  War-Monger Destroyer of British Industry . Architect of Casino-Capitalism . " Others popped champagne . London 's Metropolitan Police said its officers will be monitoring the event but that officers would not get involved as long as it remained peaceful . One minor scuffle occurred when police removed equipment from the square . The guerrilla theater Saturday served as a reminder that Thatcher 's political legacy remains highly divisive , partly because many blame her for creating staggering unemployment as she battled unions and reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to businesses . Tight security for funeral More information emerged Saturday about Thatcher 's involvement in planning her own funeral . Her spokeswoman , Gillian Penrose , said she asked for whoever was prime minister at the time of her death to give a reading . Thatcher also specified that she wanted the hymn "  I Vow To Thee , My Country " to be sung , Penrose said . Police plan to intensify security Wednesday . More than 2,000 guests have been invited , including UK and foreign dignitaries , British military veterans and prominent artists , journalists and business people . The threat of demonstrations by anarchists or anti-Thatcher activists , on top of fears that dissident Irish Republicans may try to act , have heightened security concerns . Thatcher was the target of a hotel bombing in Brighton by the Irish Republican Army in 1984 , and two of her close colleagues were killed in IRA attacks . Police were called Monday in London 's Brixton neighborhood , as well as in Bristol and Glasgow after people gathered to "  celebrate " the news of her death . Politicians have condemned such behavior , saying it shows a lack of respect to her grieving family and friends . "  I feel like anyone else who has just lost a second parent . It 's a deeply sad and rather thought-provoking landmark in life , " Carol Thatcher said . She thanked people for their messages of sympathy and support , as well as the appreciation given for her mother 's achievements . "  My mother once said to me , ` Carol , I think my place in history is assured . ' The magnificent tributes this week ,  from  the wonderful words by President Obama to others from colleagues who once worked alongside her have proved that , " she said . Carol 's twin brother , Mark , appeared briefly beside her for photographers . Margaret Thatcher was leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990 , and served as prime minister for 11 of those years . CNN 's Fred Pleigten and Laura Smith-Spark contributed from London . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Laura Perez Maestro also contributed . Smith-Spark and CNN 's Michael Martinez in Los Angeles wrote this report .	NEW : Opponents hold a public "  party " with Thatcher in effigy NEW : Guerrilla theater by anti-Thatcher activists is a sign of her divisive legacy NEW : Participants carry a makeshift coffin labeled "  Society . " Daughter Carol Thatcher says next week 's funeral will be "  tearful "
CNN  -- Belts off , coats off , shoes off and placed in the bin . Every traveler is familiar with the process and the queue that defines TSA security checkpoints at airports across the country . But that procedure may become a thing of the past . The Department of Homeland Security wants to make airport security faster for fliers . To do that , it will need technology companies to develop a new generation of security scanners . The agency recently posted what amounts to a "  help wanted " ad on the website Fedbizopps.gov . The government website posts federal government business opportunities . In this case DHS is seeking advice and information from technology companies who would develop a newer , more efficient wave of airport security scanners . DHS wants scanners that would add speed to the security process , allowing 250 passengers through per hour without having to remove their shoes and outer garments . "  TSA is always looking for new technology and procedures that will enhance security and increase efficiency , " the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . TSA , which is part of the Department of Homeland Security , began deploying state of the art advanced imaging technology to airports in 2008 . Current scanners detect metallic and nonmetallic threats , including weapons and explosives , that may be concealed under clothing . The government wants the new scanners to screen passengers as they walk without passengers being required to "  significantly alter walking paths " or shed clothing . DHS also wants the new scanners to be able to scan shoes . "  The system will automatically detect the required threats with no operator interpretation required . " That means no need to wait for a TSA officer to review the X-ray images on the monitor . Travelers should n't expect fast moving TSA security lines just yet . The government 's call to tech companies is just the first step in what could be a multiyear process .	Department of Homeland Security exploring more efficient airport screening The agency put out a call to technology companies for scanning ideas The government would like to eliminate the need to remove shoes and outerwear
CNN  -- It was a frustrating day for many holiday fliers as almost 3,000 flights were postponed due to rain and poor visibility . Chicago , Dallas and Philadelphia all were hubs of harried travelers anxiously waiting for announcements that it was time to go . At some points , those did n't come for up to two hours . At Reagan National Airport in Washington , traveler Gregory Simpson had to wait an extra hour for his flight to Toronto . "  If you want to see family , you got ta do what you have to do , " he said , taking the weather delay in stride . "  It 's unfortunate that this tends to happen this time of year , but there 's not a whole lot you can do about it . " One man at LaGuardia International Airport in New York took advantage of the extra time . He hit the airport shops to do some last minute gift buying . "  Anywhere and everywhere I can , " he told CNN affiliate WCBS with a wry smile . At least one holiday flight does n't have to worry about such annoyances . Santa 's aircraft , Candy Cane One , was cleared by the FAA for gift deliveries . There were more than 2,800 delays because of weather and other reasons for flights with U.S. points of departure and/or arrivals , according to the flight tracking website FlightAware.com . More than 380 were canceled . White Christmas for some There was good news for snowplow drivers in Chicago as a storm system that was forecast to bring snow ended up to the east of the city . It was also weaker than expected , the National Weather Service office in Chicago said . The folks that clear the roads Thursday in the Rockies wo n't be as lucky . A storm system that is moving eastward will drop snow on the mountains and the High Plains , the NWS says . Snow totals in some areas of Idaho , Montana , Utah , South Dakota and Wyoming could be significant . The sun should return to a broad section of the southern and central United States on Thursday . AAA projects that 98.6 million Americans will travel 50 or more miles this holiday season , a 4 % increase from last year . Those traveling by car can take advantage of plummeting gas prices -- which , averaging $ 2.25 nationwide , are down 69 cents a gallon from a year ago . Storms kill four in Mississippi People grieved Wednesday and cleared rubble in southern Mississippi , where a tornado system killed four people Tuesday night and packed an emergency room with dozens of injured . That storm tore to pieces a mobile home in the countryside of Jones County , Mississippi , killing two people , Sheriff Alex Hodge said . "  There were other brick and mortar homes that had major damage , but we have no other injuries reported , " he said . The storm also wrecked a church . A few dozen miles to the southwest , two more people died in storms in Marion County , police said . The hospital overflowed with injured people . "  Fifty patients were seen in the ER today because of the storm , " said Marion General Hospital spokeswoman Millie Swan . "  We are operating on generator power . Columbia is completely out of power . " At least 6,300 households lost power and roads were cut off . Emergency operators have heard of people injured and trapped . Swan expects more injured patients to come into the hospital in coming days , once they can make it in . State of emergency Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant issued a state of emergency for Marion and Jones counties . On a highway in between the two counties , the storm damaged a children 's day care center , but spared the children inside . Unharmed , they were moved to a nearby bank building . In Louisiana , not far from the town of Amite , authorities said a windstorm damaged 15 homes . Civil defense sirens howl from the distance on a video posted to YouTube on Tuesday purportedly of a tornado in Mississippi that day . "  See it spinning ? " a woman asks another . Something on the grainy image seems to be circling in a mass of dark gray clouds on the nearby horizon . Tornadoes are not unusual this time of year in the Deep South , said CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . "  Actually , this is a secondary peak for tornado activity . The first is during the spring months . " CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Devon Sayers , Tony Marco , Monica Garrett , Mayra Cuevas , Rene Marsh and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 2,800 flights delayed on Wednesday NEW : One traveler uses extra time to buy gifts at airport shops NEW : System steers away from Chicago , sparing Windy CIty from snowfall Tornado system kills four in Mississippi
CNN  -- The final game of one of the most memorable matches in Wimbledon history , featuring two fan favorites , took on a life of its own . Back in 2001 -- in the 16th game of the fifth set -- members of Goran Ivanisevic 's entourage asked for divine intervention as the Croatian sought to close out the encounter against Australia 's Patrick Rafter and end years of Wimbledon heartache . Ivanisevic himself asked for help from above , he wanted the same ball when serving , and Australian and Croatian spectators on Centre Court roared encouragement between points to make for a football like atmosphere . Ivanisevic had lost three previous Wimbledon finals and seemed destined to miss out on glory at the All England Club given he had struggled with a shoulder injury earlier in 2001 and contemplated retirement . His ranking of 125th was n't even high enough to land direct entry into the tournament . Wimbledon gave Ivanisevic a wildcard , however , and he proceeded to work his way through the draw with a little help from Wimbledon 's famed and all too frequent rain gods . So there he was against Rafter on "  People 's Monday , " leading 8-7 in the fifth set , four points from winning the most prestigious tennis tournament in the world . No ordinary player -- and character -- one sensed that if Ivanisevic held serve , he would do it the hard way . He had to overcome a resilient Rafter -- and painful memories of defeats to Pete Sampras , twice , and Andre Agassi . It proved to be the case . A forehand volley went long by a large margin for 0-15 . At 15-all , he double faulted . Having hit an ace to get to championship point , he subsequently double faulted again -- by a yard . A second championship point came and went with another double fault , this time into the net , and a third was saved by Rafter with a lob that was good enough against an Ivanisevic too frozen to jump . Rafter finally buckled on a fourth match point , the pressure from Ivanisevic 's destructive serve finally too much to repel . A return sailed into the net and Ivanisevic was the Wimbledon champion and the only wildcard to bag the men 's title at noted postcode SW19 . Dedication to a fallen friend He worked his way into his players ' box and exchanged hugs with his team , which included father Srdjan , who had recently undergone a triple heart bypass . Ivanisevic dedicated the victory to former NBA star Drazen Petrovic , who died in a car accident in 1993 . "  The best moment is when you hold the trophy , " Ivanisevic told CNN 's Open Court before the start of Wimbledon . This year 's men 's final will be played on Sunday . "  I was watching too many guys holding that beautiful trophy . I had this  runner-up  plate at home , " added Ivanisevic . "  It 's a nice plate but you do n't want to have that plate at home . "  Nobody cares for second place . If you want to go back now and think of Wimbledon finalists in the past 15 years , to be honest , I have no idea . " Ivanisevic almost did n't get that far . He trailed Britain 's Tim Henman two sets to one in the semifinals , losing the third 6-0 in about 15 minutes . He was out of sorts . That 's when the unpredictable British weather saved Ivanisevic and hurt the local darling . With Henman holding a 2-1 advantage in the fourth set on the second Friday of the fortnight , rain fell and the contest was suspended . They returned Saturday and Ivanisevic , mentally fresher , claimed the fourth set in a tiebreak . A further suspension ensured the nervy affair had to be completed Sunday , with Ivanisevic eliminating Henman 6-3 in the fifth to disappoint a nation . A Monday final beckoned against Rafter , himself a loser to Sampras -- the king of Wimbledon prior to Roger Federer 's arrival -- in the 2000 finale . Fans queued up overnight to land one of the 10,000 unreserved tickets made available for the final , leading to a more vocal climax than usual . "  It was good that it was on a Monday because three finals I lost on Sunday , so finally I played on Monday , " Ivanisevic said . "  Unbelievable atmosphere , probably never again because now they have a roof . "  Patrick is a very good friend , a great guy . We both should have won Wimbledon before , him in 2000 in the final , and I was supposed to win a long time ago . " After Ivanisevic beat Carlos Moya in the second round he sensed something special was about to happen . Did it the hard way Besides Henman and Rafter , Ivanisevic also topped Andy Roddick , Greg Rusedski and Marat Safin in a difficult draw . Of his seven victims , only one -- first-round opponent Fredrik Jonsson -- would never feature in the top four in the rankings . "  It was an unsolved mystery how I won , but I felt after the second round that I was going to win , " Ivanisevic said . "  I could not say it loud because they would think I was completely nuts . "  I felt for the first time after so many months , actually a year , the racket  that I played with had a special sound  . I lost the sound for a year and a half and that  first  Monday I got the sound back . I said , ` This is a good sign . ' " The sound had vanished when Ivanisevic began the year by playing in qualifying at the Australian Open . Stuck on a back court after playing in some of the world 's grandest stadiums , he tanked -- a tennis term for not trying . Although unpleasant at the time , it proved to be that year 's turning point for Ivanisevic . "  I had a long journey to think about what I was going to do , then I went to play a challenger in Germany , " Ivanisevic said . "  I played the final . Then I started to play better . I did n't have great results but I started to enjoy it again . "  Wimbledon came and it was actually my time , " added Ivanisevic , who can still be seen on the seniors ' tour , while he also helps run a tournament in Zagreb and dabbles in commentating . "  It was written somewhere that it was my time . I did everything in my life the harder way . Why do it easy if you can do it the hard way ? " But by doing it the hard way , the larger-than-life Ivanisevic has ensured his achievement at Wimbledon will never be forgotten .	Twelve years after his Wimbledon triumph , Goran Ivanisevic is n't sure how he won Ivanisevic needed a wildcard to enter the tournament because his ranking was n't high enough Ivanisevic beat Patrick Rafter in a ` People 's Monday ' final after losing three other finals Ivanisevic , hampered by a shoulder injury , contemplated quitting tennis before his title
CNN  -- Police on the Dutch Caribbean island of St. Maarten are investigating the killing of an American couple found stabbed in their home , authorities said Sunday . The bodies of Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were discovered Friday at their residence in Cupecoy , according to Taco Stein , St. Maarten 's solicitor general , who described it as "  an ugly scene . " An unidentified suspect was taken into custody early Sunday and is being interviewed , Stein said . "  It 's too early to reveal any more details because we are in the early stages of the investigation , " he added . The killings occurred in an area popular with tourists , according to Stein . "  It 's generally considered a safe area , " he told CNN . "  There are a lot of apartments there . This was an ugly scene . This is something that does not happen every day . " Chief Prosecutor Hans Mos told the island 's Daily Herald newspaper that the victims appeared to have been stabbed to death . Thelma King was found tied to a chair and her husband was lying on the floor , Mos told the newspaper . Topper Daboul , a restaurant owner on the island , said he was a friend and business partner of the couple . "  They were beautiful people , " he said . "  They were kind to everybody . " Daboul said he believes robbery might have been a possible motive . "  I 'm shocked , I 'm still in shock , " he said , adding , "  I break down and I 'm back up and I break down again . "	Michael and Thelma King were found dead Friday A suspect is detained and is being interviewed in the case "  This was an ugly scene , " an official says
CNN  -- When 34-year-old Puspanahtan Subramaniam was leaving his home in Kuala Lumpur to board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , his two young children did n't want him to go . They clung to his legs and refused to let go until the IT specialist promised to bring them chocolates and presents when he returned from his trip to Beijing , said his father . "  Surely they must find the plane . That is all I hope for , " said Gurusami Subramaniam , who is waiting in agony for updates on the missing plane that carried 239 people , including his son . "  He was responsible for everything . These clothes I 'm wearing even . Whatever country he was in , he would call . Once a week , he would come see us with the whole family . He really took care of us . " Subramaniam hardly sleeps , he says . He never turns his phone off , not even for a moment . He says he worked 20 years as a security guard to put his son through college . His younger sister followed in his footsteps . Puspanahtan 's wife is also waiting for any news . "  God only knows , " he said "  It is God 's hands . It 's fate . "	A father in Malaysia waits for news of his son who boarded the missing Malaysian plane Puspanahtan Subramaniam , 34 , is an IT specialist who was going to Beijing His two young children did n't want their father to leave , his father says
CNN  Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week . Literally , this means dinner with co-workers . In practice , it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues . For the foreign business traveler , using foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action only goes so far . The pressure to participate is intense . Drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests , " says Bryan Do , a Korean-American director at the South Korean branch of a U.S. company . "  It was shocking when I first arrived in Korea . "  My boss was a graduate of Korea University -LSB- renowned for its hardy drinking culture -RSB- and at my first hoesik , we started out with everyone filling a beer glass with soju , and downing it on the spot . That was just the beginning . " For Koreans , drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like . "  I did n't really like it in the beginning , " says Charles Lee , a Korean-Canadian who came to Seoul to work for a South Korean company . "  I was like , ` Why are you making me drink something when I do n't want to ? ' But once I understood the meaning behind it , I appreciated it more . "  There are just some things you ca n't say at work or talk about over lunch -- people who talk about work at lunch are losers . But when someone offers you a glass of soju , it 's an invitation that means that they want to listen to you . "  I thought Koreans were impersonal before I drank with them , so the whole context is important . " Drinking is such a big part of Korean life that Seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture . Mondays are a big night for hoesik , so there are fewer cars during evening rush hour , as most office workers leave them at work so they can go drinking . Tuesdays are a rest day , while Wednesday and Thursday nights are also big nights for company drinking . Fridays have the worst evening traffic , as everyone is taking their cars home to use with their families over the weekend . So how do you avoid offending someone  worst of all , a superior or client  at a Korean drinking extravaganza ? Follow these seven handy rules . Koreans always identify the "  higher " person in the relationship , and defer to them accordingly . One of the first things Koreans often ask when meeting someone new is their age . Even someone just a year older is afforded a language of respect , though age is always superseded by a higher position . It 's considered rude for anyone to have an empty glass . If a senior person is pouring -- this usually pertains to hard liquor only -- others should n't drink until someone has poured the senior a shot . After all glasses are full , everyone says "  Gunbae ! " and chugs -- usually "  one-shotting " the entire glass in one go . While downing alcohol , you should turn your body away from senior figures so that your body visually blocks your drinking action from your senior . Always hold bottles or shot glasses with both hands . By raising your glass or pouring alcohol with one hand , you are establishing yourself as a senior person . If you 're not , well , you 've just breached protocol . It 's always a good idea to find out people 's drinking habits beforehand . It should n't be difficult to find out what people like to drink or how they behave when intoxicated . Hoesik usually involves changing venues for a different type of alcohol -- i.e. , round one is dinner , accompanied by beer , round two is soju , round three is for whiskey , and so on . Be ready for each . Unless you have an airtight reason , refusing alcohol is considered a mood killer and deemed rude . Sorry , but "  I do n't like soju " does n't qualify as a good reason not to punish your liver . Neither would "  I 've been on the wagon for three years . " In fact , unless you 're pregnant or already puking , what might be a "  good reason " not to imbibe elsewhere often wo n't fly here . It 's generally best to accept and discreetly get rid of unwanted alcohol  under the table , into your water cup , out the window  than to refuse it . One of the most popular venues in Korea for business drinking is the karaoke bar . Koreans love singing , as evidenced by the country 's staggering number of karaoke bars , as well as the rush of audition programs on Korean television . Your companions wo n't rest until you sing . They 'll coax , threaten , push and cajole until you finally take that mic . Be prepared to crack under the immense peer pressure . If you simply can not take any more , you can call a black knight  male  or a black rose  female  to your rescue . This entails a person of your choosing drinking your glass for you , but it also means they get a wish . As in , you might soon wish you 'd just taken that last shot as you 're spelling your name out with your butt in front of your client . Bottoms up . Christopher Cha is a Korean-American writer based in Seoul .	Hoesik is the Korean tradition of eating and drinking together Anthony Bourdain travels to Korea for the season five premiere of "  Parts Unknown "
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Postal Service does not have the money to meet an obligation to a retiree health care trust fund coming due at the end of the month , but if there 's a default , officials promise no interruption in the mail , the payroll , or payments to suppliers . Commenting in response to a New York Times article Monday suggesting the Postal Service may have to shut down within months , spokeswoman Yvonne Yoerger told CNN there 's "  nothing actually new in the Postal Service 's position . " "  We are required to make this $ 5.5 billion dollar payment into the future retiree health benefits fund , and probably wo n't be able to make it when it comes due September 30th . " The fund was mandated by a 2006 postal reform act that postal officials today believe does not match the reality of declining revenues and a smaller workforce . Tuesday , congressional lawmakers will address the matter in a hearing on postal operations . Yoerger said at that hearing , Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe will insist that the fund be re-scaled from the days when there were 900,000 people on the payroll . The mandated funding level has not changed in the years since then , although the Postal Service has trimmed 250,000 jobs . She said "  the fact is , no other government agency , and few corporations in the private sector are required to fund retiree health benefits 75 years out . " The newspaper quoted U.S. Sen. Thomas Carper , D-Delaware , as saying the financial problems are so dire the Postal Service may close later this year . Yoerger agrees her agency does not have a sustainable business model , but stopped short of saying a shutdown is possible . One answer is to adjust those mandated payments . "  We want to have the pre-funding mandate eliminated , and have the money already paid into it used for those purposes " of covering health care benefits for future retirees . She said , "  We 've overpaid into our retirement funds , and we 'd like some of those overpayments refunded and used for future funding . " She acknowledged the basis for the advance payments were mandated in 2006 because lawmakers wanted assurances the Postal Service could cover benefits for its future pensioners . In addition to relief from the future retiree payment mandate , Yoerger said the proposed business plan of the Postal Service would include a combination of closing post offices , expanding joint ventures with private industry , and changes in how often you get the mail . "  Right now we are required to deliver six days a week , " she said , "  if it can go to five days a week , as proposed , we could better match the declining volume of mail . "	Postal Service may miss September 30 payment to retiree fund Officials vow no interruption in payroll , mail , or payments to suppliers Postmaster general to plead for more flexibility in Tuesday hearing on Capitol Hill
CNN Student News  -- Parents and Teachers : Watch with your students or record "  Gary + Tony Have a Baby " when it airs on CNN on Thursday , June 24 at 8 p.m. ET . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . For licensing information , please contact CNN ImageSource at 866-462-4350 or cnnimagesource.com . Special Note : "  Gary + Tony Have a Baby " is a documentary that follows the journey of a gay couple as they attempt to become parents . We recommend that you preview this program and determine whether it is appropriate before showing it to students . Program Description : Gary Spino and Tony Brown have fought for gay rights all of their lives , but these days , one of the most radical things a gay person can do is form a traditional family -- and that 's precisely what they want . We follow Gary and Tony on their struggle to have a baby , which has a biological and legal connection to both of them . They spend a small fortune hiring an egg donor and a surrogate , and facing a string of court battles . But all the medical miracles and legal maneuvering ca n't guarantee the approval of the people around them , or even a baby . Recommended grades : 11-12 , College Subject Areas : Biology , Civics/Government , Ethics Curriculum Standards Social Studies V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions VI . Power , Authority and Governance VII . Science , Technology , and Society The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Before-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to initiate discussion with your students before they watch "  Gary + Tony Have a Baby . " 1 . How would you define the traditional American family ? Can you think of any examples of non-traditional families ? What role , if any , do you think that these types of families play in American society ? Explain . 2 . What challenges do you think that gay people might face when revealing their sexuality to friends and family ? How do you think that your family might react if a family member revealed that he or she was gay ? How would you react ? 3 . What political and social issues do you think might be important to gays and lesbians in the U.S. ? 4 . What is a civil union ? How might a civil union be different from a marriage ? What is your opinion of civil unions ? Of gay marriage ? What do you think is the future for gay marriage in America ? 5 . What impact have advances in reproductive technology had on some families ? Why do you think that some of these technologies have generated controversy ? What is your opinion of these technologies ? 6 . What are some reasons why people might choose to adopt a child ? 7 . What challenges do you think that parents face in raising children ? Do you think that gay parents might face additional challenges ? If so , what are those challenges ? If not , why not ? 8 . Why do you think that some people are opposed to adoptions by gay couples ? What is your opinion on the issue ? 9 . In your opinion , what factors help shape people 's values ? How do you think that values may influence relationships between people from diverse backgrounds ? 10 . What is your definition of tolerance as it relates to relationships between people from different backgrounds ? Would you describe your community as tolerant of people who are different ? Why or why not ? Post-Viewing Questions , Media Literacy Questions and Learning Activities Post-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to talk about the program and to promote critical thinking after they have watched "  Gary + Tony Have a Baby . " 1 . What is your definition of a "  traditional " family ? Did you think that Tony Brown and Gary Spino had a traditional family at the beginning of the documentary ? Why or why not ? 2 . Where did Gary and Tony grow up ? What stories do they tell about their childhoods ? Why do you think that Gary 's mother says that people who live in small towns "  are not as open as they are in the big cities " ? Do you agree or disagree with her ? Explain . In what ways do you think that growing up in a small town might differ from growing up in a city ? In your opinion , would Gary 's and Tony 's relationships with their peers have been different if they had grown up in a city ? Explain . 3 . According to the documentary , how have Gary and Tony shown their support for gay marriage ? Why do you think that some people might be opposed to gay marriage ? What is your opinion of gay marriage ? 4 . What is Piper 's relationship to Tony ? According to Tony , who are Piper 's parents ? How might you contrast the definition of a biological parent with Tony 's definition of a parent ? What rationale do he and Gary give for wanting a baby ? What is your response to their rationale ? 5 . Who are Holly and Cindy ? Why do you think that they were chosen for their respective roles in the adoption process ? How do Gary and Tony describe the screening process for their egg donor and surrogate mother ? 6 . Why do you think that the couple wants to keep in touch with Holly and Cindy throughout the process and in the future ? What do you think might be the benefits and drawbacks of this decision ? 7 . According to the program : What is egg donation ? What does Holly say was her reaction when she learned that she would be donating eggs to a gay couple ? Why do you think that her company asked her not to use her last name in the documentary ? Why do you think that some people are opposed to egg donation ? What is your opinion on this issue ? 8 . What role do Gary and Tony play in Cindy 's pregnancy ? What preparations do they make for bringing the baby into their lives ? In what ways do you think that their actions might be similar to or different from the ways that other families prepare for a new family member ? 9 . According to the documentary : Why does Cindy keep her pregnancy quiet ? How do some people react to her decision to be a surrogate ? Why does Cindy say she will not get attached to the baby ? How do you think that she might feel after the baby is born ? 10 . What is a pre-birth order ? Why does a judge order Gary and Tony to get a pre-birth order ? Whom do they have to sue to get custody of the baby before birth ? Why do you think that the law requires them to take this action ? 11 . After the lawsuit , who does the judge declare is/are the baby 's parent  s  ? Why do you think that the judge ruled this way ? 12 . What complications occur during the baby 's birth ? After the birth , why does Cindy say that she is attached to the baby ? 13 . What does Gary 's brother Michael say about gay men raising children ? What is your reaction to his concerns ? 14 . How do you think that this documentary might be different if Gary and Tony were a heterosexual couple ? What steps in the adoption process do you think might be similar for all parents ? What steps in this process do you think are unique to Gary and Tony 's case ? Why ? 15 . In your opinion , how did life change for the couple from the beginning to the end of the program ? What support do you think that their family will need as the baby grows up ? Do you think that this support is different from that required by other families ? Why or why not ? 16 . Do you think that Gary and Tony have a traditional family at the end of the documentary ? Do you think that they would consider themselves as having a traditional family ? Why or why not ? Media Literacy Questions From whose perspectives are the stories in "  Gary + Tony Have a Baby " told ? What do you think are the benefits and drawbacks of telling the story from these perspectives ? Would you have included any other perspectives ? Why or why not ? Learning Activity Addressing the Issues Surrounding Gay Adoption What are the ethical , legal and medical issues presented in this documentary ? In your opinion , what other issues should be addressed in a discussion of gay adoption ? Pose this scenario and question to students : You are congressional representatives who are about to serve on a committee to study the issues surrounding gay adoption . What questions would you want answered ? Divide students into three groups : a medical issues subcommittee , an ethical issues subcommittee , and a legal issues subcommittee . Referring back to the documentary and other resources , have each group generate a list of questions it would want answered and a list of possible witnesses who might be able to respond to those questions . Reconvene the class and have each subcommittee share its questions and list of witnesses . Note any common lines of questioning among the three subcommittees . Discuss what factors individuals and elected officials might consider in formulating an opinion on gay adoption .	"  Gary + Tony Have a Baby " is a documentary that follows the journey of a gay couple as they attempt to become parents Parents and educators can use this guide to initiate discussion with students about the documentary
EW.com  -- When Cameron Diaz , a type-A corporate attorney -- you know this because she wears power skirts and taps officiously on a laptop in a skybox office the size of a swimming pool -- gets swept off her feet by a dashing businessman  "  Game of Thrones ' " Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  , it all seems too good to be true . Because of course , it is : It turns out he 's got a wife in Connecticut  Leslie Mann  and a barely-legal blond  Sports Illustrated model Kate Upton  in the Hamptons . Mann , a maniac in floral capri pants , actually makes her mannerisms work here ; she 's so stunned by her husband 's betrayal that she latches onto Diaz like a kewpie-doll barnacle , and the movie becomes an inspired oddball buddy comedy for a good half hour , until the pair track down Upton and all three -- " the wife , the lawyer , the boobs " -- join forces to take Coster-Waldau down . That 's when the movie  directed by Nick Cassavetes , probably best known for "  The Notebook "  gets sillier , and a lot more slapstick . Yes , the guy 's a cheating a ** hat , but do we really need Wile E. Coyote tricks like laxatives in his Scotch and female hormones in his morning smoothie ? Nikki Minaj , as Diaz 's ruthlessly bodacious assistant , and Taylor Kinney , as Mann 's sane , handsome brother , both have nice turns , but "  The Other Woman " really is , in its own broad-strokes way , about just these women , and female friendship . Sisterhood comedies , as rare as they are in the testosterone glut of sequels and superheroes , have been done smarter and better . Still , this one has its own wonky charm and intermittent moments of genuine , depraved hilarity ; it 's like "  Bridesmaids " drawn in crayon . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film stars Cameron Diaz as a corporate attorney Leslie Mann is the shocked wife Reviewer says it has "  wonky charm "
CNN  -- I like to joke that the difference between other places I 've lived and Indiana is that seeing a goat or a chicken used to be a field trip ; now it 's my commute . Humor aside , though , one of the perks of living much closer to farmland is the access that we have to amazingly fresh food . I have n't always been the healthiest of eaters , but in recent years that has changed . Two summers ago , we participated in a "  farm share , " where every week we would get a box of organically raised produce . It 's not an understatement to say that this completely redefined the eating habits of my family . We went from a meat-heavy diet to a much more vegetable-oriented one . My wife became much more concerned with how our food was raised and processed . Before long , she was near-obsessed with whether our food was "  organic . " We 're not alone . Organic food , or food grown without synthetic pesticides , fertilizers , antibiotics or hormones , now accounts for more than $ 31 billion in sales each year . More than 4 % of all food sold is organic , and whole industries have sprung up around its production and sale . Most people who buy organic food do so for its purported health benefits . Often , people will claim that it 's more natural production leads to better nutrition . Others cite pesticides and other substances in nonorganic food as being hazardous to your health . Those who believe this are willing to pay a premium  and organic food usually comes with one  for those benefits . A recent study , though , calls into question whether those benefits are actually real . In this month 's Annals of Internal Medicine , a manuscript examined all the studies published in the medical literature from 1996 through 2009 that compared organic and conventionally grown food . There were 223 such studies that compared these foods for nutrient and contaminant content . There were no significant differences in vitamin content between organic and nonorganic foods . Of the 11 other nutrients studied , none were significantly different once adjustments were made for study quality . Although some differences existed between levels of detectable pesticides , in only three studies did contamination exceed the maximum allowed limits , and none of those were in the United States . There was no statistically significant difference in bacterial contamination , fungal toxins or heavy metal contaminations . An additional 17 studies looked at the effect of organic and nonorganic foods in human beings . Three looked at whether organic foods in pregnant women and children might protect against allergies  they did n't overall  . Two found that children on organic diets had lower organophosphates  compounds used in herbicides and pesticides  -RSB- in their urine , but no actual health benefits could be detected from that difference . Of the 11 reports in nonpregnant adults , only one reported a clinical outcome . It turned out that people who ate organic meat in the winter were more likely to get a campylobacter infection , which could lead to food poisoning . This is a lot of research . I 've done systematic reviews before , and I can tell you that reviewing hundreds of studies is not only a lot of work , but it also shows that this domain has been researched extensively . Organic food has almost no evidence showing health benefits . This comes as no surprise to many detractors of organic food . None other than Norman Borlaug , who arguably saved more lives than any other person in human history by deveolping disease resistant , high-yielding plant varieties  earning him a Nobel peace prize in 1970  , claimed that organic food was "  ridiculous . " He , along with others , has long argued that there is no way to feed the world 's population without chemical fertilizers and technological advancements , and that with no proven benefits from avoiding those components , we are only hurting ourselves and the chance of others to eat cheaply and easily by advocating for them . My wife remains unmoved . So do my friends . I 'm sure many of you who believe in the benefits of organic food are similarly unimpressed . The continued focus on organic food has potential problems , though . Because it does n't use as many fertilizers , organic farming requires more land to grow the same amount of food as conventional industrial farming . A Scientific American article asserted "  nothing has been more disruptive to the planet 's ecosystem and its inhabitants than agriculture , " and included in its assessment organic farming . Organic farming can even result in a disrupted ecosystem , according to one report . Moreover , some scientific advancements have even engineered food with more nutrients than organic farming produces . Making healthy food more expensive also potentially puts it out of reach of those with limited means . I 've watched this debate intensify in the last week . This is a subject that stirs deep passions in both those who favor and disdain organic foods . I think we 're missing the point , though . The benefit of organic food is that it tends to help us to eat more healthily . But it 's the focus toward fruits , vegetables and less processed foods themselves that 's the benefit , not the lack of pesticides . My eating habits changed because I was eating a wider variety of healthy foods -- and they tasted good . That 's not because of how they were fertilized as much as it was that they were fresh and nonindustrial . Once you 've tasted a home-grown tomato , then the ones you buy in the store are never tolerable again . People who try locally grown produce are often amazed at the difference in taste . It turned out that I liked some vegetables more than I knew , and that helped me to want to eat them more . The current argument over organic food is somewhat of a waste . Most of those people who are quibbling over it are already eating reasonably well . They do n't need the extra benefits , even if they did exist . But there are whole swaths of people out there who have never had a locally grown vegetable , and think they 're all tasteless Those are the people who might benefit from changes in diet . If we could focus on the added benefits of more vegetables and less meat period , and recognize that organic food might help convert some from one to the other , then we 've won . Perhaps more backyard growing when possible , or farm shares when not , might do the trick . We should celebrate good food for what it is -- good tasting and good for you . We should spend less time arguing over minutiae that are irrelevant both in theory and in practice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : A local "  farm share " program introduced his family to local grown produce It changed the way they ate . New study shows little health benefit to organically grown food He says organically grown food takes up more space , can price out people who ca n't afford it Carroll : Better to focus on getting people to eat healthy food at all , not necessarily organic
CNN  -- Forty-four years after the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was gunned down on the balcony of a Memphis hotel , the Tennessee city is overcoming what some call protracted guilt and embarrassment , and naming a street in his honor . A nearly 1-mile stretch of Linden Avenue will be renamed Dr. M.L. King Jr. . Avenue on April 4 , the anniversary of the civil rights leader 's assassination . The honor has been a long time coming . More than 900 U.S. cities have streets named after King . The largest concentration is in the South , led by Georgia which , according to an article by Derek H. Alderman of East Carolina University in the New Georgia Encyclopedia , has more than 70 roads named after the Atlanta native , But in the city where he died , the omission has been , to many , glaring . "  We never wanted to address losing Dr. King 's life here , " said former Memphis City Councilman Berlin Boyd , who helped lead the street-naming effort . Born and raised in Memphis , Boyd , 34 , said he always wondered why there was no official street tribute for King . During his brief five-month term in a vacated council seat -- from August to January -- Boyd decided to get the ball rolling . "  I had the opportunity to do something , and we got it done , " Boyd said . The east-west Linden Avenue , while less famous than Beale Street with its many blues clubs and restaurants just a block north , was selected because that was where King marched in support of striking sanitation workers . The avenue also was a pivotal location during the strike . A photo shows the civil rights leader on Linden , Boyd said . The council proposal was approved earlier this year by a land-use control board . "  He marched along this street ; we wanted something that had a real nexus to this city , " said Mayor A.C. Wharton . One of Dr. King 's associates during the 1968 sanitation workers ' march was the Rev. James Netters , a former city council member . Netters advocated for an intersection in honor of King in the early 1970s ; The council decided to rename a portion of Interstate 240 as a substitute , he said . "  Naming Linden is better than nothing , " Netters said . The downtown thoroughfare is close to the historic Clayborn-Ball Temple , a focal point for many meetings of the sanitation strikers . King was scheduled to speak there on April 3 , 1968 , but , because of a large crowd , the rally was moved to Mason Temple . It was there that he delivered his famous "  I 've Been to the Mountaintop " address . Linden Avenue is a busy downtown thoroughfare and is on one side of FedExForum , home of the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies . The area around the street is undergoing a significant transformation , Wharton said . "  This is the right time " to rename the street , the mayor said . Demolition of a public housing project is making way for a mixed-use development , and other projects will change the landscape . Long-term plans include naming up to 5 miles of Linden Avenue for King . King was killed April 4 , 1968 , by James Earl Ray . The National Civil Rights Museum , located at the Lorraine Motel where he was killed , will sponsor a commemoration on the anniversary date . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , who was with King at the Lorraine , said the assassination left Memphis with a deep sense of pain and guilt . He contends the city could "  do more to memorialize Dr. King 's legacy . " For the city , the street naming is a large symbolic step in honoring King . "  There is no way we could do enough for him ... that would measure up to what he gave up the United States of America , " Wharton said .	A 1-mile stretch of Linden Avenue will be named after the civil rights leader Ceremony will take place on April 4 , the 44th anniversary of King 's death It was on this street that King led a march in support of striking sanitation workers "  We wanted something that had a real nexus to this city , " says Mayor A.C. Wharton
CNN  -- New York Fashion Week is set to bloom on Thursday , and fashion forecasters are once again peering into their chic crystal balls for an early glimpse of the spring 2014 women 's collections . Sheila Aimette , of fashion forecaster WGSN , says fashion followers are in for a sweet surprise with candy-colored pastels .  WGSN is the official trend sponsor of the bi-annual Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . Amidst garden party hues of blush rose and bold peony , Aimette also expects designers to add a vivid splash of blue -- from icy aqua to classic navy -- to liven up the softer hues . Fall trends at the top of the class "  I suspect we will see a continuation of resort  wear  -- big florals , art-inspired prints , offbeat pastel combinations and architecturally minded separates and sportswear-inspired ideas , " predicts Anne Slowey , fashion news director of Elle Magazine . Aimette agrees : Flora and fauna will be flourishing , even in mismatched patterns on top and bottoms . "  There will be a lot happening in print and pattern because the silhouette is architectural and sleek , " Aimette says . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage Denim will also be on double duty ; expect to see the wardrobe staple in skinny-legged , dark washes , paired with a boyfriend-fit chambray shirt . Aimette says colored denim 's appeal will fade , while basic indigo is back . When it comes to bottoms , there 's no middle ground -- or hem . Expect pleated-kilt miniskirts or midcalf skirts . The former , an ode to The Met 's spring 2013 Costume Institute exhibition , "  PUNK : Chaos to Couture , " the latter inspired by the upcoming film "  Grace of Monaco , " starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly . Aimette says the asymmetric hem 's allure will taper off , along with studded accessories . Photos : Punk fashion at the Met Gala Let 's not forget about the footwear , where black-and-white loafers , graphic printed flats and Lucite wedges step right up . As for designers to watch , Slowey says Dion Lee , Rosie Assoulin and Tome are three brands to keep eyes on for their sophisticated , clean lines , while NewbarK , the brainchild of sisters Maryam and Marjan Malakpour , will be any downtown gal 's go-to for understated accessories . "  I 'm really in love with the idea of anonymous luxury -- beautiful luxurious separates that resist being easily identified , " Slowey said . Follow Sarah LeTrent and CNN Living on Twitter for dispatches from New York Fashion Week .	Fashion trend forecasters share predictions of spring fashion Trends to look out for include florals , designer denim and punk-inspired items New York Fashion Week runs September 5 through 12
CNN  -- Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger played down his status as an iconic rock 'n' roller during an interview to be broadcast Tuesday night , crediting his band 's longevity to luck , hard work and loyal fans . "  You know , you always need a lot of luck , " Jagger told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  And I think -LSB- the Stones -RSB- were in the right place at the right time . And ... when we work , we work very hard . " The Stones have been rocking for nearly 50 years , and even though its members are now at an age when most people have retired , the band shows no signs of slowing down . Tuesday marked the re-release of one of the Stones ' most famous albums , "  Exile on Main Street . " The new album features previously unreleased tracks culled from recording sessions in a basement in France nearly 40 years ago . The album 's release coincides with a documentary , "  Stones in Exile , " out on DVD next month . "  Exile " is "  a special album for me , " said Jagger . "  It 's one of the real good ones , " he told King . "  And it 's a real favorite of people . And we do play a lot on stage of this album . So , you know , I rank it right up there . " He said Stones fans are one reason the band is able to continue doing world tours . "  What really keeps it going is the audience , because ... you feed from the audience and their enthusiasm , " Jagger said . "  And if you have an enthusiastic audience , you feel that ... you could give more , you know ? " Jagger said he and his bandmates learned how to play to an audience when they first started playing small clubs in England and developed an early following . "  We had a super enthusiastic club audience , " he said . "  And that audience really taught us how to behave , how to have , you know , repartee with the audience and so on . Even from those early days , it 's not really that different to the exchange that you get with a big audience . " And he also gave credit to the Beatles , calling them both "  rivals " and "  trailblazers . " "  They were both rivals and they were also ... showing the way , " he said . "  They were big international stars . ... Most English people have never really been stars outside of England . ... And the Beatles kind of showed that you could be international . " Jagger told King he does n't know when the band will tour again , but promised when it does , it will be an international tour . "  It 's always worldwide , " he said .	Rolling Stones classic , "  Exile on Main Street , " re-released Tuesday with bonus material "  Exile " is "  a special album for me , " says Jagger on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Jagger gives credit to the Beatles , calling them both "  rivals " and "  trailblazers " Jagger to CNN 's Larry King : Stones "  in the right place at the right time "
New York  CNN  -- A carpenter whose former Manhattan basement is the scene of an exhaustive search for clues about Etan Patz said Friday through his lawyer that he had no involvement in the 6-year-old boy 's disappearance more than three decades ago . Attorney Michael Farkas told CNN that Othniel Miller , 75 , who has not been charged with a crime , has long cooperated with authorities and plans to continue to do so . "  Mr. Miller has been cooperating with this investigation for over 30 years , " said Farkas . "  He has continued to cooperate on multiple occasions . And I am going to assist him in cooperating to the fullest extent possible . " Investigators recently relaunched their probe of the cold case , often described as a milestone effort that helped draw the plight of missing children into the national consciousness . Patz disappeared May 25 , 1979 , a block from his home in the city 's SoHo neighborhood . It was the first time he walked to the bus stop by himself . Authorities said both new and old information led them to Miller , a part-time handyman , who met Patz the day before he disappeared and gave him a dollar . Miller faces no charges in connection with the disappearance . Miller 's daughter , Stephanie Miller , told CNN affiliate WCBS that her father had cooperated with federal agents , saying he "  does n't have anything to do with it . " Police and federal agents resumed their search of the Lower Manhattan basement Friday . It was interest in the carpenter that prompted authorities to bring a cadaver dog about 10 days ago to a SoHo basement , where Patz apparently had encountered the carpenter , then 42 , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The dog picked up a human scent in the basement , where the man had a workshop . When agents interviewed the man about his connection to the basement , the source said the carpenter blurted out , "  What if the body was moved ? " Farkas , the attorney , said he will speak to authorities about that alleged remark . "  I do n't know that he asked that , " Farkas told reporters . Late Thursday , authorities set up a grid in the basement and planned to rip up the concrete floor . They also took out part of the back wall of the basement , an unoccupied area beneath what was once a restaurant . The floor was "  newly poured " at the time Etan disappeared , according to another law enforcement source . It was not dug up during the original investigation . Miller was picked up by the FBI again Thursday , but is not in custody . He was questioned and returned to his Brooklyn apartment , the source with knowledge of the investigation said . "  We 're looking for human remains , clothing or other personal effects of Etan Patz , " New York police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said of the current investigation . "  It 's a very painstaking process . " In 2010 , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said his office decided to take another look at the decades-old mystery . FBI leads were then culled from that case file , sources said . The investigation garnered national headlines as authorities splashed the child 's image on the sides of milk cartons in the hopes of gathering more information , then a novel approach . Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , said the investigation into the decades-old disappearance is "  very encouraging . " "  We think it sends a message to searching families everywhere that just because it 's been a month , or year or 10 years or even 33 years you never close the case until you learn with certainty what happened , " Allen told CNN . Etan was officially declared dead in 2001 as part of a civil lawsuit filed by his family against a drifter , Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's babysitter . A judge found Ramos responsible for the death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million . He never paid the money . Though Ramos has been considered a key focus of the probe for years , he has never been charged in the case . He is serving a 20-year sentence in a Pennsylvania prison for molesting another boy and is set to be released later this year . A source said investigators now also want to expand the pool of possible suspects beyond Ramos . Stan and Julie Patz , Etan 's parents , still live a block away from the scene and would n't comment on the new developments . A notice on the apartment building said , "  To the hardworking and patient media people : The answer to all your questions at this time is ` no comment . ' Please stop ringing our bell and calling for interviews . " Lisa Cohen , the author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive , " told CNN that "  the family 's been living through this for 33 years . They 've had many moments like this . They 've learned how to deal with it . " Dozens of police and federal agents gathered outside the building on Manhattan 's Prince Street on Thursday and are expected to continue their search over the next five days . FBI Special Agent Peter Donald said the bureau 's Evidence Recovery Team is at the scene . "  We are cautiously optimistic " that the search will be helpful , " FBI Special Agent Tim Flannelly said . Forensic evidence uncovered at the scene will be analyzed at the FBI laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , sources said . It is not clear whether authorities searched the basement in 1979 , though a source said it "  figured into " the investigation . Authorities have reason to think the new search could lead to the discovery of the boy 's remains at that location , though they remain wary after past leads in the case failed to pan out , according to two sources familiar with the probe . "  I hope they find something , " said resident Sean Sweeney , who says he 's lived in the neighborhood since 1976 . SoHo , a Lower Manhattan neighborhood now known for its boutique shops , art galleries and loft apartments , at the time was considered a grittier locale , where abandoned storefronts dotted the city streets . Sweeney said he remembers the initial investigation into Etan 's disappearance when police first knocked on his door in search of clues . "  That 's odd , is n't it , " he said , referring to the fact that 33 years later , police are again in his neighborhood searching for the boy . On the day of his disappearance , Etan 's mother , Julie Patz , learned after her son failed to return home from school that he had n't been in classes that day . She called the school , then called the homes of all his friends . When she found no one who had seen her son , she called police and filed a missing person report . By evening , more than 100 police officers and searchers had gathered with bloodhounds . The search continued for weeks , but no clues to Etan 's whereabouts were found . The boy 's disappearance was thought to raise awareness of child abductions and led to new ways to search for missing children . President Ronald Reagan named May 25 , the day Etan went missing , National Missing Children 's Day . CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	New York carpenter said he had no involvement in child 's disappearance Etan Patz encountered carpenter the day before disappearing , sources say Sources : A cadaver dog apparently picked up a scent of human remains in the building The 6-year-old boy disappeared in 1979 on his way to a bus stop in New York
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- There is a "  maker 's movement " gaining prominence on a global scale . Mister Jalopy works out of converted hot-rod repair shop . This is where he builds "  the stuff of my dreams . " One of its pied pipers is a man known by his pen name , Mister Jalopy . His agenda is simple . "  You need to be able to modify , hack , repair , rebuild and reuse the stuff that you buy . " Mister Jalopy 's name comes from a blog he started years ago . From his Web site : "  When I started the Hooptyrides blog , I pictured a modest used car lot of broken-down , flat-tired junkers that represented great promise and little else . Lit with strings of bare light bulbs , I dreamed of a little desert lot of plucky automobiles and a faded neon sign that erratically blinked ` Mister Jalopy 's Hooptyrides . ' " Mister Jalopy owns a laundromat and a used-bicycle store , and he operates out of a converted hot-rod repair shop along an industrial strip of land in the shadow of Interstate 5 . He calls his workshop "  Hooptyrides World Headquarters . " "  It 's my personal shop where I do my writing , think up my crackpot business schemes , repair bicycles and do my auto maintenance ... where I build the stuff of my dreams . " It 's brimming with high-quality tools , odds and ends from 20 years of harvesting garage sales , and machines like a lathe and welder that would delight a working tradesman . He created the "  world 's largest iPod . " It 's housed in a 1950s record console that can now digitize his music off the turntable , and the original buttons control the iPod . He also made an "  urban guerrilla movie theater " -- a handmade movie projector sitting on an adult tricycle . Watch Mister Jalopy at work " His used-bike shop , Coco 's Variety , is named after one of his two dogs . "  The credo of my store is ` Faded champions reborn for another chance at glory . ' " He adds : "  These old bikes , already manufactured , -LSB- are -RSB- tenderly brought back to life for someone to love anew . The best bike for the environment is one that already exists . Not one made fresh . " Mister Jalopy goes to garage sales every week . "  Some of my favorite stuff ... are the things that were made or worn by human hands . There 's an incredible feeling of soul . " His most treasured find ? "  It was a lowly glass Skippy jar filled with all of the earthly treasures of a kid from the '50s . " There was a chunky eraser , toy soldiers , and caps for a cap gun . Mister Jalopy has a practical approach to saving the environment and surviving in a downturn economy . "  The hands-off era is over . We were seduced by low prices . Our landfills are filled with cheap plastic fans , broken vacuum cleaners . We 're feeling the crunch economically . Maybe this stuff should be repairable . " He wrote an article for Make magazine called the "  Maker 's Bill of Rights . " It outlines the need for manufacturers to make products that are repairable , modifiable , have replaceable parts and come with a manual . Of products that are glued shut , he has this to say : "  The idea of the Maker 's Bill of Rights was to say , if you ca n't open it , you do n't own it . " Dale Dougherty is the creator of Make magazine , which is at the core of the movement . "  We live in a complex world . I wanted to make a magazine to showcase innovation and ideas around the world ... even in Third World countries . " Make magazine sponsors the annual Maker Faire in Northern California . More than 500 exhibitors will showcase their ideas and innovations on the last weekend in May . Families are a big part of their business . "  There are no famous rock bands or stunts to bring people in , " Dougherty says . Last year 65,000 people attended . Mister Jalopy will be there hosting the main stage . "  There 's this amazing community of people that are makers : carpenters , fabricators , mechanics , electronics repair people , designers of products , garden designers ... that 's the great thing about the maker movement . It is passionate individuals willing to make mistakes and build the stuff of our dreams . " "  I 'm a professional amateur . I have n't been trained to do anything . I 'm not an expert carpenter , metalworker or mechanic . I 'm fearless , though . I 'll jump into anything . My hope is everyone becomes a professional amateur , that we have the passion and courage to fail . " Mister Jalopy tinkers with a dusty jukebox given to him by a friend . He presses selection "  D5 . " The electronics strain to move the parts that pull a 45 onto the needle . Elton John 's "  Bennie and the Jets " warbles along . The speakers grind out the tune . As the song ends , the needle arm unexpectedly skips to another disc . "  Uh ... oh , these old machines are fascinating . There 's a visceral quality . It seems like I 'm chasing a ghost through the machine . "	Mister Jalopy : "  You need to be able to modify ... repair , rebuild and reuse " "  Makers " want manufacturers to produce items that can be repaired One of their slogans : "  If you ca n't open it , you do n't own it " Maker Faire in northern California expected to draw thousands of innovators
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Two South Korean soldiers fired at a civilian airplane after mistaking it for an aircraft from North Korea , a South Korean military official said Saturday . No damage was caused by the firing Friday morning , said the official , who requested anonymity in keeping with South Korean military custom . The two soldiers were stationed off the coast of Gyodong Island , near the North Korean border , when they fired their rifles at an Asiana Airlines flight , the military official said . The plane was not damaged because it was about 500 meters  547 yards  out of the range of the K-2 rifles used by two soldiers , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said , citing an unidentified military source . According to the Yonhap report , the plane was carrying about 119 crew and passengers from China , and was making its descent to Incheon International Airport . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee in Seoul contributed to this report .	NEW : A South Korean military official tells CNN two soldiers fired at the plane Yonhap : The plane was not struck because it was out of range
CNN  -- Getting a foothold on the property ladder can be a challenge at the best of times , and the prospects for many of us have been battered further by the global recession . But necessity is the mother of invention and there are routes to home ownership that are not blocked by estate agents and eye-watering fees . For the aspirational , willing to bend their backs and broaden their minds , the materials for a dream house are all around us ; in tin cans , tires and scrap metal , ready for construction projects anywhere from city centers to tropical islands at minimal expense . Cooler containers High concept architects Infiniski of Spain have carved a niche in recycled construction that does not compromise on aesthetics . Their stylish designs are spreading through Europe , Asia and Latin America , with around 85 % of the materials pre-used . The basic components are shipping containers supplemented with wooden pallets , which in addition to dramatically reducing cost , also have the benefit of providing a cooling effect in hot climates . Cano 's Castle Thousands of square meters of scrap aluminum came together for this towering complex in Colorado , courtesy of Donald ` Cano ' Espinoza , a Native American veteran of the Vietnam War . Beer cans , hubcaps and window frames provide much of the raw material for four separate buildings , with four floors in the largest . Cano uses the gleaming site as a farm and reportedly does not encourage visitors . Save the Beach hotel Launched in Madrid in 2010 , the brainchild of German ` garbage artist ' H.A. Schult -- who had also produced a whole army from trash . The hotel was constructed from the contents of landfills and beaches to highlight the environmental impact of waste . The rooms were fully disinfected to allow guests to sleep safely , and the hotel took an international tour to raise awareness . How to build your home from scratch for $ 35,000 Don Justo 's Cathedral An astonishing labour of love , for over 50 years former monk and farmer Justo Gallego has been singlehandedly creating a cathedral close to Madrid , modeled on St Peter 's basilica in Rome . Standing over 40 meters high , complete with cloisters , crypt and grand domes , the epic structure has been built entirely from discarded materials ; broken bricks and tiles for the walls and oil drums for the columns . Despite working from 4am each day , 89-year-old Gallego may still require another decade to complete the project . Joyxee Island British artist Richart ` Rishi ' Sowa built himself one floating island in Mexico , but when that was destroyed by a hurricane , he replaced it with Joyxee . Measuring a spacious 20 meters in diameter , the island floats on 100,000 plastic bottles with cabins of recycled wood . Complete with beaches and waterfall , the island has become a popular tourist attraction as well as an extravagant home for Sowa . Home sweet homeless Designer Gregory Kloehn re-purposed a New York dumpster into an apartment , featuring a separated kitchen , bathroom and sun deck . He then expanded the concept , accessorizing waste disposal units further with abandoned washing machine , bicycle tires and scrap wood , for as little as $ 30 a time . Several of these have been made available for the city 's homeless community . Earthship Biotecture Originating in New Mexico , the Earthship designers are now exporting their sustainable building principles as far afield as Malawi and Haiti . Steel-belted rubber provides the primary building component for the distinctively shaped off-grid structures , with interior walls composed of colored glass from reclaimed bottles . Energy is also harvested from the immediate environment at minimal cost . The company run courses across the world teaching their methods adapted to local resources . Would you live in a house made of sand and bacteria ? Toothbrush house An entirely recycled concept creation in the British city of Brighton draws on an imaginative range of construction materials . Thousands of toothbrushes and video tapes make up the wall insulation , bicycle tires hold the windows in place , with supporting roles for denim jeans and chalk waste . The "  house of waste " will be monitored over a trial period to determine whether the design could be reproduced at scale . A place in the woods American artist Ethan Hayes-Chute makes found wood his foundation , which have been displayed around the world in a series of inhabitable installations . The designs explore themes of "  quiet , solitude and isolation " , leaning to a rough-edged aesthetic that the average hermit could realistically aspire to . Maison Gomme Dutch artist group Refunc made use of locally-sourced car tires for the walls of a chic garden cabin , completed with the windows of a bankrupted local business and recovered steel . The group have become masters of tire re-purposing , having also used them as a building block of furniture and vehicle construction in South Africa . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : How to build your home from scratch for $ 35,000 Would you live in a house made of sand and bacteria ? The artificial leaf that could power the world	From Islands to hotels and treehouses , ideal homes from waste materials Madrid Cathedral built single-handed from scrap over 50 years by ex-monk New York City dumpsters adapted for homeless people British project based on thousands of toothbrushes and videotapes
CNN  -- The Brazilian National Council of Justice , which oversees the nation 's judiciary , passed a resolution Tuesday that denies notaries the right to refuse to perform same-sex marriages . In Brazil , notaries officiate marriages and civil unions . Recently , 12 Brazilian states began allowing same-sex couples to marry or convert their civil unions into marriages . However , since the Supreme Court does not carry legislative powers , it was up to each notary to officiate at their discretion , and many refused , citing the lack of law . Same sex marriage : Who will legalize next ? Joaquim Barbosa , president of the Council of Justice , said in the decision that notaries can not continue to refuse to "  perform a civil wedding or the conversion of a stable civil union into a marriage between persons of the same sex . " Barbosa , who also presides over the Supreme Court , says the resolution merely follows the transformation of society . "  Our society goes through many changes , and the National Council of Justice can not be indifferent to them , " he said . Civil unions between same-sex couples have been recognized in Brazil since 2011 , after the Supreme Court ruled that the same rights and rules that apply to "  stable unions " of heterosexual couples would apply to same-sex couples , including the right to joint declaration of income tax , pension , inheritance and property sharing . People in same-sex unions are also allowed to extend health benefits to their partners , following the same rules applied to heterosexual couples . Brazilian lawmakers have debated same-sex marriage , but in most cases , the bills introduced have not progressed through Congress . Brazilian neighbors Uruguay and Argentina are the only other two countries in Latin America that have laws allowing same-sex couples to marry .	In Brazil , notaries officiate marriages and civil unions , including same-sex ones Notaries had refused to perform such marriages and civil union conversions , citing lack of law Council of Justice president says resolution reflects changes in society
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong will give his first television interview since being stripped of his Tour de France titles to Oprah Winfrey , her network announced Tuesday . A news release from the Oprah Winfrey Network said the 90-minute "  no-holds-barred " interview will air at 9 p.m. ET January 17 and will be simulcast on Oprah.com . Winfrey will ask the disgraced cycling star to address the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's report , which said there was overwhelming evidence he was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program , the statement said . The International Cycling Union , which choose not to appeal the USADA 's lifetime ban , stripped Armstrong of his record seven Tour victories in October . The World Anti-Doping Agency also agreed with the sanctions , which means Armstrong may not compete in sports governed by WADA code . Before the ban , he was competing in Ironman triathlons and had won two of the five events he had entered . Since the ban he has entered two non-sanctioned events . Report : Armstrong offered to donated $ 250,000 to anti-doping agency According to his Twitter feed , Armstrong has been biking , running and swimming in Hawaii . The Winfrey interview will take place at Armstrong 's home in Austin , Texas . The New York Times reported last week that Armstrong , 41 , was contemplating publicly admitting he used illegal performance-enhancing drugs . Such an admission might lead toward Armstrong regaining his eligibility . One of his attorneys denied Armstrong was in discussion with the two anti-doping agencies . Attorney Tim Herman , in a recent e-mail to CNN Sports , did not address whether Armstrong told associates -- as reported by the newspaper -- that he was considering an admission . Armstrong has repeatedly and vehemently denied that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs as well as illegal blood transfusions during his cycling career . In the past , Armstrong has argued that he took more than 500 drug tests and never failed . In its 202-page report that detailed Armstrong 's alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions , the USADA said it had tested Armstrong less than 60 times and the International Cycling Union conducted about 215 tests . The agency did not say that Armstrong ever failed a test , but his former teammates testified as to how they beat tests or avoided the tests altogether . The New York Times , citing unnamed associates and anti-doping officials , said Armstrong has been in discussions with USADA officials and hopes to meet with David Howman , chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency . The newspaper said none of the people with knowledge of Armstrong 's situation wanted to be identified because it would jeopardize their access to information on the matter . Under World Anti-Doping Agency rules , an athlete who confesses to using performance-enhancing drugs may be eligible for a reinstatement . Awaiting Armstrong 's ` last word ' Armstrong has been an icon for his cycling feats and celebrity , bringing more status to a sport wildly popular in some nations but lacking big-name recognition , big money and mass appeal in the United States . He fought back from testicular cancer to win the Tour from 1999 to 2005 . He raised millions via his Lance Armstrong Foundation to help cancer victims and survivors , an effort illustrated by trendy yellow "  LiveSTRONG " wristbands that helped bring in the money . But Armstrong has long been dogged by doping allegations , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test -- making a series of claims in 2011 . Armstrong sued the USADA last year to stop its investigation of him , arguing it did not have the right to prosecute him . But after a federal judge dismissed the case , Armstrong said he would no longer participate in the investigation . In October 2012 , Armstrong was stripped of his titles and banned from cycling . Weeks later , he stepped down from the board of his foundation , Livestrong . It is unclear whether Armstrong would face criminal prosecution for perjury should he confess . Armstrong was involved in several cases where he gave sworn testimony that he never used banned drugs . CNN 's Jillian Martin and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Lance Armstrong has agreed to 90-minute interview , Oprah Winfrey 's network announces Release says Armstrong is expected to talk about doping allegations Armstrong has been working out in Hawaii , doing triathlon training
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Phillip and Nancy Garrido pleaded guilty Thursday to the kidnapping and sexual assault of Jaycee Dugard , whom they held captive from age 11 through 29 , the El Dorado County , California , district attorney said . Both Garridos will receive life in prison at a sentencing hearing scheduled for June 2 , District Attorney Vern Pierson said in a statement . Through a representative , Dugard , now 30 , expressed relief that her abductors "  confessed . " "  I 'm relieved that Phillip and Nancy Garrido have finally acknowledged their guilt and confessed to their crimes against me and my family , " Dugard said in a statement released by her representatives at Nancy Seltzer & Associates , Inc. , in Los Angeles . The married couple abducted Dugard when she was 11 , and they held her in a hidden compound on their home 's grounds in Antioch , California . Dugard was snatched from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 . Authorities found her in 2009 . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . "  The enormity of the defendants ' actions has caused tremendous pain and suffering to Jaycee , her mother , Terry Probyn , and their family , " Pierson said in a statement . "  With a guilty plea by both defendants , Terry , Jaycee and her children can now be spared the grief and trauma of having to be dragged into the court process to testify at a jury trial , " Pierson said . "  Additionally , were it not for Jaycee 's strong cooperation with our office and the prosecution of the Garridos , we would not have been able to firmly stand by our position to take this case to jury trial . Jaycee 's courage and willingness to confront her abductors in court directly led to the Defendants ' plea and life sentences , " Pierson added in his statement . California law does n't provide for a death penalty or a life sentence without possibility of parole for the offenses committed by the Garridos , Pierson said . Phillip Garrido , 60 , pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 13 counts of sexual assault , Pierson said . He faces a maximum possible sentence of 431 years to life in prison and he has waived his right to appeal , Pierson said . Nancy Garrido , 55 , pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping , one count of rape by force , and to California 's "  one strike " rape law , Pierson said . She will be sentenced to the negotiated disposition of life in prison , Pierson said . She will receive a 25-years-to-life sentence under the "  one strike " rape law , plus 11 years , which is the maximum possible sentence for the kidnapping charges based upon the sentencing laws in 1991 , Pierson said . Nancy Garrido also has waived her right to appeal , prosecutors said . Her plea was offered contingent upon Phillip Garrido pleading guilty and waiving his right to appeal , prosecutors said .	Phillip and Nancy Garrido pleaded guilty to kidnapping and sexual assault Their sentence will be life in prison , the prosecutor says They abducted Jaycee Dugard when she was 11 in 1991 Phillip Garrido fathered two daughters with Dugard during her 18-year captivity
CNN  -- Three months after leaving Barcelona following a trophyless season , Gerardo Martino has been appointed coach of the Argentina national team . Affectionately known as "  Tata , " Martino replaces Alejandro Sabella after he led Argentina to an agonizing 1-0 defeat against Germany in last month 's World Cup final . Martino arrived in Catalonia as a replacement for Tito Vilanova , who was forced to step down in July 2013 as he battled throat cancer . Vilanova passed away earlier this year . Despite signing a two-year contract , Martino lasted just one season at the Nou Camp , missing out on the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid on the final day of the season having been eliminated at the quarterfinal stage of the European Champions League by the same opposition . The 51-year-old now has the chance to manage a national team for the second time in his career following a five-year stint in charge of Paraguay between 2006 and 2011 . Martino enjoys a good relationship with Argentina captain and Barca star Lionel Messi , having managed Argentine club Newell 's Old Boys while the four-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner was in its youth team . The primary focus for Martino and the Argentina team will be the 2015 Copa America , which takes place in Chile during June and July next year .	Gerardo Martino appointed as new coach of the Argentina national team Martino spent last season in charge of Barcelona Barca ended the season trophyless , losing the title to Atletico Madrid on the final day Argentina lost 1-0 to Germany in last month 's World Cup final
CNN  -- A former Bolivian dictator has been arrested on a charge that he exposed himself to a group of children and has been sent to a drug rehabilitation center , the state-run news agency reported . Former air force Gen. Juan Pereda Asbun , who ruled the South American nation for four months in 1978 , was arrested Tuesday after a father and a group of young people detained him because he tried to get a girl to get into his car after exposing himself to other children , the government 's ABI news service reported Wednesday . After his arrest , authorities said , officers found he was carrying two boxes of cigarettes loaded with cocaine , commonly known as "  pitillos . " "  After taking his statement , Pereda , who identified himself as an air force general , underwent a series of clinical exams , primarily urine , to determine the extent of drug consumption affecting him , " said Col. Ruben Suarez , head of the Special Force to Combat Narcotrafficking . The result of the urine test was positive for drugs , Suarez said in a news conference broadcast Wednesday by CNN affiliate Unitel TV . Pereda , 79 , was admitted to a rehab facility to treat a cocaine addiction , ABI said . He also underwent a psychological examination , Suarez said . The cocaine found on the former dictator was for personal use and not for sale or distribution , Suarez said , adding that Pereda had not been linked to any narcotrafficking organization . In a TV interview at the police station , Pereda denied any wrongdoing with the girls . "  I say that it is false , " Pereda said in the interview , broadcast on Unitel . The silver-haired Pereda said he had not talked with the girls or had any contact with them . "  I do n't know them , " he said before being led away . Pereda was arrested in Santa Cruz , the largest city in Bolivia , with a population of more than 1.6 million . Neighborhood residents told Unitel they had seen Pereda cruising the area before and that he had previously accosted the girls , who ranged in age from 12 to 14 years old . Pereda ruled from July to November 1978 , taking power after overthrowing dictator Hugo Banzer and losing the presidency in another coup . He has not served in any public capacity since then . Bolivia was ruled by military dictatorships from 1964 to 1982 , with the exception of two brief democratic governments in 1979 and 1980 . The last dictator , Gen. Guido Vildoso , ordered the military back to their barracks in October 1982 and re-established civilian rule . Bolivia is now ruled by democratically elected President Evo Morales , a leftist indigenous politician who has held power since January 2006 .	NEW : The former president denies in a TV interview having contact with the girls Juan Pereda Asbun exposed himself to a group of children , officials say He was sent to a drug rehab facility after he was found with cocaine Pereda ruled Bolivia for four months in 1978
CNN  -- Desperation and a rapidly growing death toll serve as a backdrop for a new effort dozens of countries are launching in hopes of finally stemming the brutal crackdown under way in Syria . At a meeting Friday in Tunisia , world leaders will look to mount pressure against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The meeting of the "  Friends of Syria " group is "  part of our ongoing efforts with our friends , allies , and the Syrian opposition to crystallize next steps to halt the slaughter of the Syrian people and pursue a transition to democracy in Syria , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . More than 70 countries have been invited . Russia , which recently vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution aimed at stopping the violence in Syria , is not taking part . Saudi King Abdullah spoke about Syria during a phone call Wednesday with Dmitriy Medvedev , telling the Russian president that any dialogue would not work , according to the official Saudi press agency SPA . And Lebanese Foreign Minister Adnan Mansour said Lebanon would not participate in the Friends of Syria conference , according to the official news agency NNA . China , which also vetoed the resolution , has not announced a decision . "  If , in fact , China chooses to accept the invitation , that will certainly be a positive sign of its willingness to work with the rest of us to try to end the violence , " Nuland said . The meeting 's location is significant because it was in Tunisia last year that the uprisings that became known as the "  Arab Spring " began . "  The failure to get a U.N. Security Council resolution , blame for that rests on two countries , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters Wednesday . "  So the international community is fairly united in trying to help the people of Syria . The question is , what do we do ? "  We talked about humanitarian assistance and trying to work those avenues , cease-fires , we need to get the Syrian regime to stop the onslaught of Homs . These are immediate goals and immediate objectives as we head into Tunis . " The death toll in Syria is edging toward 9,000 , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria  LCC  . On Thursday morning , two people had been reported killed , according to the group , which identified one of them as an army recruit who was shot dead after refusing to open fire on on demonstrators in Zabadany and the other as an 8-year-old boy from Aleppo . Sixty people were killed Wednesday including two journalists -- one American , one French -- according to the LCC . The deaths included 20 in the Baba Amr neighborhood of Homs , 13 in Hama , 22 in Idlib , one in Daraa , two in Aleppo , and two in Damascus suburbs . Journalists ' deaths highlight dangers YouTube videos corroborated by activists ' accounts showed hundreds of students at the University of Aleppo marching to the campus center -- Clock Square -- and taking down the Baath party 's flag , then raising the pro-democracy flag , referred to by activists as the "  independence flag . " It was used by the Syrian republic before Hafez al-Assad took power in 1971 . Shortly after that , security forces and pro-government supporters opened fire to disperse the protesters , the activists said . Protests in Aleppo are significant because the city 's population , along with areas in Damascus , represent the upper-middle class who traditionally have benefited from the al-Assad regime . In Damascus , security forces closed entrances and exits and then arrested more than 800 civilians at the Hal Market in the middle of the capital city , activists said . The forces then launched a campaign during which shop owners and laborers from Daraa and Idlib provinces were targeted , the activists said . About 500 soldiers defected from the Syrian army 's 17th Regiment and joined the opposition Free Syrian Army , forming a brigade in Idlib , opposition leader Mohamad al-Sayed told CNN . Some of the worst violence Wednesday was in the besieged city of Homs , where many residents have been unable to move and have been without critical supplies for weeks . U.N. officials have said updating a death toll is nearly impossible given current conditions . "  This level of brutality is something that I have n't ever seen in my life , " activist Wissam Tarif told CNN Wednesday . He is in Beirut , in contact with many in Syria . There is an urgent need for ambulances to be allowed into stricken areas , he said . Particularly in Baba Amr , many wounded people were being denied access to medical care , he said . The two Western journalists were killed in Homs amid heavy shelling from government forces . The Sunday Times of London said one of the journalists was reporter Marie Colvin , the only British newspaper journalist inside Baba Amr . Read Marie Colvin 's final report for the Sunday Times French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said journalist Remi Ochlik was killed in a bombing . Syrian state TV showed a banner Wednesday saying the ministry of information had no knowledge of the presence of the journalists , and it requested that officials in Homs look for them . The Syrian regime has severely limited access to the country by foreign journalists , making it impossible to verify many opposition or government reports . But some journalists have managed to get into Syria without the government 's knowledge . The night before , Colvin was on air with CNN describing the onslaught in Homs . "  The Syrian army is shelling the city of cold , starving civilians , " she said . Colvin , a veteran correspondent who also covered last year 's Libyan civil war , said the Syrian crisis was the worst conflict she had covered , partly because of the volume of ammunition and shelling falling on Homs . "  There 's a lot of snipers on the high buildings surrounding the Baba Amr neighborhood . You can sort of figure out where a sniper is , but you ca n't figure out where a shell is going to land , " she said . The deaths Wednesday followed that of New York Times reporter Anthony Shadid , who was reporting in eastern Syria when he died last week , apparently from an asthma attack , the newspaper said . Opinion : The world owes a debt to slain journalists Syria routinely blames the violence on "  armed terrorist groups . " The state-run news agency SANA said Wednesday that "  competent authorities " had killed three members of such a group Monday and arrested five in Idlib . Also , a group assassinated an engineer and wounded his 16-year-old son in Hama , the SANA report said . Five members of the army and law enforcement were buried Wednesday , SANA said . The vast majority of accounts from inside Syria indicate al-Assad 's forces are slaughtering civilians in an attempt to wipe out opposition members , who are demanding his ouster and democratic reforms . Colvin , interviewed hours before her death , described the heartbreak of watching a boy die after being struck in the chest by shrapnel -- one of the many children killed in the conflict . She said it was important to share his story and images . "  That little baby is one of two children who died today , " Colvin said . "  That baby probably will move more people to think , what is going on , and why is no one stopping this murder in Homs that is happening every day ? " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Arwa Damon , Holly Yan , Josh Levs , Joe Sterling , Yousuf Basil and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	"  The question is , what do we do ? " says State Department spokesman About 500 soldiers defect and create an opposition brigade , an opposition leader says Two journalists were killed by government shelling in Baba Amr Syria says authorities killed and arrested "  terrorists "
CNN  -- South Korea 's Inbee Park entered the golfing record books Sunday as she wrapped up a four-shot victory in the U.S. Women 's Open at Sebonack . It made it three out of three majors this season for the World No. 1 , matching the record of the legendary Babe Zaharias , who achieved the feat in 1950 . Park , who won the Kraft Nabisco Championship in April and the Wegmans LPGA Championship earlier this month , will be looking to complete the grand slam in the upcoming British Women 's Open and the Evian Championship in France . When Zaharias achieved her milestone only three majors were on the schedule . Mickey Wright  1961  and Pat Bradley  1986  are the only other players in LPGA history to win three majors in a season . The 24-year-old Park was always in control in testing last day conditions on the course in New York State . She shot a two-over par 74 for an eight-under 280 aggregate . Fellow South Korean I.K. Kim matched her 74 to finish runner-up . The remarkable Park was completing her sixth victory of the season and adding a second U.S. Open title to the crown she won back in 2008 at just 19 . On the men 's European Tour , England 's Paul Casey finished with a spectacular eagle to end a two-year victory drought by claiming the Irish Open at Carton House . The Ryder Cup star was four back overnight but ripped through the field with a six-under 66 to finish three shots clear on 14-under-par . England 's Robert Rock shared second with third round leader Joost Luiten of the Netherlands . Bill Haas also shot a 66 to win the AT&T National on the PGA Tour by three shots . He finished on 12-under with Roberto Castro second after a 69 . Tiger Woods , whose foundation is a beneficiary of the tournament , sat out the event with a left elbow injury , but was on hand to congratulate Haas at the end .	Inbee Park clinches victory in U.S. Women 's Open Historick third win in three majors for South Korean Paul Casey snaps victory drought with Irish Open win Bill Haas storms to AT&T National triumph
Never in her worst nightmares did Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff imagine such a crushing soccer defeat , she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview on Wednesday . "  My nightmares never got so bad , Christiane , " she said through an interpreter . "  They never went that far . As a supporter , of course , I am deeply sorry because I share the same sorrow of all supporters . But I also know that we are a country that has one very peculiar feature . We rise to the challenge in the face of adversity . We are able to overcome . " Brazil , she said , will recover from this "  extremely painful situation . " "  Being able to overcome defeat I think is the feature and hallmark of a major national team and of a great country . " Watch Rousseff 's interview in Portuguese Tuesday 's semi-final match against Germany was always going to be a tough challenge for the home side , but no one predicted the 7-1 thrashing that sent rival Germany to the finals . "  We came into this match without two of our main players , Neymar , a major attacker , and our captain , Thiago Silva . " Brazil 's World Cup performance is important to Rousseff not only as a matter of national pride , but as a matter of politics . "  If we had won , " one Brazilian told CNN 's Isa Soares , "  the people would have forgotten all the money spent ; at least now the realities are back in focus . " The country saw widespread anger and protests against what many viewed as excessive spending on stadiums and infrastructure for the World Cup . Rousseff , who is bidding for re-election this October , put a big emphasis on the World Cup as a chance for Brazil to prove itself on the world stage . "  One has to bear in mind that from all different aspects , the fact is that Brazil has organized and staged a World Cup , which I do believe is one of the world 's best World Cups . And that is largely due to the Brazilian people 's ability to offer and extend hospitality and welcome supporters from all over the world . "	Brazilian President tells CNN she never imagined severity of defeat against Germany Brazil lost to Germany 7-1 in World Cup semi-final on Wednesday Brazil proved itself in another way by putting on first class World Cup , says President
CNN  -- For the group calling itself FreeZimActivists it is back to the drawing board after its planned protest against President Robert Mugabe 's rule in the style of Egypt and Tunisia flopped in Zimbabwe . The group launched an internet campaign for the so-called Zimbabwe Million Citizen March apparently planned for Tuesday to protest the 31-year reign of Mugabe . But at the Harare Gardens park which would have been Zimbabwe 's Tahir Square it was peaceful and generally empty on Tuesday . In fact , all the streets of Harare were largely empty and peaceful , apparently over people 's fears of being caught up in any protest which might be crushed violently by government allied forces . Zimbabwe 's state media made no reference to the planned demonstration that was supposed to be similar to ones that toppled the long-serving leaders of Tunisia and Egypt last month and caused similar demonstrations throughout the Middle East and North Africa . The Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi is battling to retain his 41-year-old dictatorship in the wake of demonstrations in that country . Armoured cars carrying riot police and water cannon vehicles have been seen shuttling through Harare since weekend when news of the planned protests filtered through . Political analyst John Makumbe said the organisers might have announced the date to test the state 's preparedness . "  I am sure it will happen . When it happens , the state structure will be caught napping , " said the University of Zimbabwe political scientist . "  Given the way the state responded by bringing out its toys  armoured cars and police  you can tell that it was not going to make it easy for the protests . " One activist said the planning team and the protesters in Zimbabwe might have backed off reacting to the riot police patrolling the streets of Harare . "  There is need to avoid all the information getting into the hands of those opposed to the cause if the protests are to be anything as what happened in Egypt or Tunisia , " he said . The campaigns in Egypt and Tunisia were organised on Facebook and Twitter . Last week , Zimbabwe authorities charged 46 people with treason . The group was arrested after authorities said they were caught watching footage of the protests that led to the ouster of Tunisian leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia in January and of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in February . "  On 16 February they held a meeting and the purpose of the meeting was to organise , strategize and implement the removal of a constitutional government of Zimbabwe by unconstitutional means , the Tunisian-Egyptian way , " prosecutor Edmore Nyazamba said in court on Thursday . At least 12 of the 46 activists were beaten with broomsticks on their buttocks and the soles of their feet , defense attorney Alec Muchadehama told a packed courtroom on Thursday . The charge carries a death sentence in Zimbabwe .	FreeZimActivists apparently planned Zimbabwe Million Citizen March for Tuesday Protest was apparently to end 31-year reign of President Robert Mugabe Planning team in Zimbabwe might have backed off because of riot police , says one activist
CNN  -- A nephew of the Dalai Lama died in northeast Florida Monday evening after he was hit by a car while walking along a highway . "  Yes , it is true unfortunately , " said Tempa Tshering , a representative of the Dalai Lama in New Delhi , India . Jigme Norbu , 45 , was walking southbound along A1A in Flagler County when he was hit by a car driven by Keith O'Dell , the Florida Highway Patrol said . Norbu was taking part in a "  Walk for Tibet " from St. Augustine to West Palm Beach , according to the Ambassadors for World Peace website .	Jigme Norbu was taking part in a "  Walk for Tibet " from St. Augustine to West Palm Beach He was walking along a highway in northeast Florida when he was hit by a car
CNN  -- There is a phrase that has long been used in certain big-city political circles . It has always been said with an implied -- and sometimes literal -- sneer : "  They think it 's on the legit . " It refers to people who are trusting by nature -- occasionally novice political adversaries , often the general public -- and who make the mistake of actually believing a proposal that is being presented to them . People who , hearing a promise , take it on faith . "  They think it 's on the legit . " Meaning : "  Suckers . " This is Thanksgiving week . For all the heated talk about , and blame-placing over , the deeply troubled federal health care initiative -- for those who blame President Barack Obama and the Democrats for the screwed-up rollout , for those who blame the Republicans for their longstanding opposition to the White House plan and their determination to combat it at every turn , for those who are furious that the early pledge about being able to keep current insurance was not real , for those who take delight that the website has been a disaster because it makes one side come off as incompetent -- this may be a good moment to step back and think , with real-life compassion , about what sometimes gets lost in the partisan back-and-forth . To think about the people who do n't care much about Beltway haggling , but who desperately need dependable health care for their families , and who were hoping against hope that readily available medical care was at last going to be theirs . The people who heard the promises . They thought it was on the legit . At base , this is n't -- or should not be -- a matter of politics , of Washington winners and losers . The families to whom reliable health care has been an unattainable dream do n't care which party finds a way to that health care for them . And both parties , at least in their public statements , agree that while they might not concur at all on the method of getting there , they concur on the goal . Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida : "  As policymakers , we must focus on making health care more affordable and accessible for all Americans . " Let the ideologues on both ends of the right-left continuum make a game of this , if they wish . But do you think , when a person with a sick child finds a doctor who will help and who will bring peace of mind , the parent cares whether the physician is a Republican or a Democrat ? The same goes for how a person in such need would feel about a member of Congress who helped him or her find a path to decent care . For those among us fortunate enough to have doctors we can go to , and the means to pay for them , this Thanksgiving week is a time to remind ourselves how grateful we should feel to be in such a position . Because it is only when you 're not in that position -- when you are sick and have nowhere to turn , or , worse , when it is your son or daughter who is sick and you have to explain that you have nowhere to turn -- that you fully understand the fear and helplessness that kicks in in the middle of the night . Come October 1 , the people who yearned for a way to take care of their families ' health were told , such a way will be yours . Well-to-do people are always going to have more options for finding the best health care for their families . That is a fact of life . But -- and here is where political leaders of both parties , whatever their differences , should find common ground -- access to health care should n't be a luxury . Health care is not a Mercedes , or a mansion on a hill . A family should not be deprived of it merely because they lack wealth , or have lost employment . Republicans and Democrats , Americans all , should acknowledge that health care is not a diamond bracelet to be gazed at with longing through a store window . It 's time to cool down the rhetoric and the finger-pointing . Before we get any deeper into the recriminations about rollouts and delays and extensions and penalties and startovers and repeals , we might want to pause , this Thanksgiving week , to put ourselves in the shoes of the people to whom the promise was profound and real . There but for the grace ... . The people who need health care and who wait for this mess to be cleaned up are the people who have always been asked to wait . They will wait again , because they have little choice . For the rest of us , perhaps this is a week not only for prayers of thanksgiving for what we have , but also a week for thoughts of those families who believed it when they were told that things were going to change for the better . Who thought it was on the legit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene	Bob Greene : In politics , to take something on faith is to believe it is "  on the legit " It 's another way of saying : Suckers . People thought health reform was on the legit , he says He says at Thanksgiving , politicians should recall who gets left out in health care bickering Greene : It 's the people who ca n't afford health care , but believed things would change for better
It was clear that Dianna Hanson was thrilled to be at the Cat Haven sanctuary . Her Facebook page boasted more pictures of lions and tigers than it did of her friends . Hanson had been at the 100-acre wooded Northern California facility since January -- working as an intern , bonding with the big cats it 's home to . On a Facebook photo of her petting a tiger cub , a friend commented , "  You have met your calling . " "  My calling , " Hanson jokingly responded , "  drools on my pants . " On Wednesday , the 24-year-old Seattle woman was killed when she was mauled by a 5-year-old , 350-pound African lion inside a cage . Hanson 's grieving father said the lion , Cous Cous , was one of her favorites . The sanctuary did not release details of why Hanson was in the lion 's cage , but said it would investigate whether safety protocols were followed . The Fresno County Sheriff 's Office said that when the lion attacked , another employee at the sanctuary tried to distract him away from Hanson into another enclosure . "  But all attempts failed , " it said . A sheriff 's deputy shot and killed the lion to reach Hanson and give her medical assistance . It was too late . "  The victim died at the scene . " Facility ` well run , professional ' Hanson 's father said he and his daughter took a two-day road trip from Seattle to Dunlap , California , at the beginning of the year when Hanson 's internship began . She was supposed to be there for six months . "  Once there , she gave me the tour and showed me all the big cats there with which she would be working , " the father , Paul , said in a statement Wednesday night . "  Of course , Dianna being Dianna , her favorites were the tiger and the lion ... who killed her today , " he added . Cous Cous once appeared on Ellen DeGeneres ' television show when he was about three months old . The comedian fed him from a bottle as a handler stood by . Late Wednesday , some who knew the lion , who had been raised in captivity , were shocked . Jenny Michaels , the head of The Jungle Jenny Foundation , said she had been in the lion 's cage before , accompanied by a park worker . Watch video of the lion from 2012 "  I did n't see any type of aggressive behavior , " Michaels told CNN 's Piers Morgan . She said the workers at the park were top-notch . "  It was really well run , very professional , " she said . "  I do n't know the circumstances  of the attack  but I can tell you that in my interaction over at Project Survival they have been professional and ... they have run their protocol strictly . " Noted animal expert Jack Hanna said that even if Hanson knew the lion , a big cat can be unpredictable in the way it reacts to what it sees or hears . "  They are wild animals , end of story , " he said . "  No matter what anyone says , they are wild animals . " Hanna said it would be unusual for someone to enter an adult lion 's cage without another person accompanying them or close by . From the archives : White tiger kills zookeeper as tourists watch Big cat attacks Twenty people , including five children , have been killed by big cats in the United States in the past 21 years , according to figures kept by Big Cat Rescue , a nonprofit cat sanctuary in Tampa , Florida . Another 246 people were mauled in the United States during that same time period , 1990 to 2011 , the group said . The group 's website did not have figures for 2012 . In California alone , 14 people were mauled , but Hanson 's is just the second death . In 2007 , an escaped Siberian tiger attacked and killed one person and injured two others in a cafe at the San Francisco Zoo . Leopard killed after mauling six in India Love of lions started early Hanson 's love for big cats began when she was very young . "  As my mother can tell you , I have had the goals of working with big cats since she adopted a tiger in my name when I was seven , " Hanson wrote in a 2011 letter . While working at a Washington ski resort while in college , she met a little boy who told her his grandparents owned four tigers . She befriended the family . When she graduated from Western Washington University , her father presented her with a plane ticket to fly to Nukuru , Kenya , with the family and see the work being done with the animals there . "  I will be volunteering at the Cheetah research center , which is run by Project Survival , " Hanson wrote in a college graduation letter . "  They  also  have a facility in California known as Cathaven . The owners of Cathaven have invited me to see this facility , so I 'm hoping to get down there this summer . " In the letter , Hanson thanked her family and friends for helping her get close to her dreams . "  This was her dream come true , " her father told CNN affiliate KCPQ . "  Working with big cats all day long , nothing but big cats . " Get the latest news from CNN.com	Conservationist says she had been in the cage with the lion before The victim of the attack was a 24-year-old intern A deputy shot and killed the adult male African lion The lion was once on the Ellen DeGeneres show
CNN  -- The body of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il will lie in state in the Kumsusan Memorial Palace in Pyongyang , which houses the corpse of his father , Kim Il Sung , North Korean state-run media reported Thursday . The secretive state also plans to erect a statue of Kim Jong Il and build towers across the country to symbolize his "  immortality , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported , citing orders from the leaders of the ruling Workers Party . North Korea announced Kim Jong Il 's death on December 19 , putting the region on edge as observers speculated about the nuclear-armed regime 's stability and future direction . Pyongyang held an elaborately choreographed funeral procession and memorial ceremony the following week that served to underline the elevation of Kim Jong Un -- the youngest son and chosen successor of Kim Jong Il -- to the position of "  supreme leader " of the country . On Thursday , the regime also announced that February 16 , Kim Jong Il 's birthday , will henceforth be known as "  the Day of the Shining Star . " His father 's birthday is dubbed "  the Day of the Sun " in the North Korean calendar .	North Korea plans to erect a statue of Kim Jong Il and build towers across the country His body will lie in state in the Pyongyang palace that houses the corpse of Kim Il Sung Kim Jong Il 's death , announced last month , has put the region on edge The regime says his birthday will now be known as "  the Day of the Shining Star "
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's cabinet met at the base of Everest on Friday to highlight the impact of climate change on the Himalayas and adopted a 10-point Everest Declaration . "  The Himalayas are important not only for the people of Nepal but for 1.3 billion people who depend on waters from the mountains for their livelihoods , " said Nepal 's Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal at the cabinet meeting broadcast live by state-owned Nepal Television . Wearing oxygen masks and warm jackets , the cabinet met for about half an hour at Kala Patthar at an altitude of 5,242 meters surrounded by the world 's highest mountains and glaciers . The ministers flew in to Lukla , in the Everest region where the nearest airstrip is , a day earlier to acclimatize to the rarefied atmosphere of Kala Patthar . The cabinet met out in the open where tables had been set up . The ministers spoke through microphones because it was difficult to hear even over a short distance with the wind blowing . Of the 27 cabinet ministers , 24 were present at the meeting and they were wearing blue sashes that said "  Save the Himalayas . " The sun was shining bright during the meeting in the morning but in the afternoon fog descended and the wind grew fiercer . Before they were airlifted by helicopters to Kala Patthar the ministers ' health was checked to ensure they could withstand the high altitude and not suffer from acute mountain sickness because of the low amount of oxygen in the atmosphere at that altitude . "  This is a very important and historic meeting , " Prime Minister Nepal said . The meeting comes ahead of the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen next week . The Himalayas have an important role in the world 's environmental balance , he added . The melting of the glaciers in the mountains due to global warming would bring about a scarcity of water in the river systems in South Asia , affecting more than a billion people in Nepal , India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and China , according to various experts . "  But there has not been enough study to say exactly how much of the river water comes from the melting of the snow and ice in the mountains , " said Ajay Dixit , a climate change expert from the Institute of Social and Environment Transition , a Kathmandu-based think tank . "  Estimates vary between four to 10 percent . " Dixit , however , added that in specific areas in the mountains where people depend on the melting of specific glaciers for irrigation , the change in the snow system will affect livelihoods . There has been an annual increase of temperature by 0.06 degrees Celsius over the past decade , according to a study conducted earlier this year by Dixit together with Oxford University . It it estimated that the temperature in Nepal could rise by as much as two Celsius by 2030 . Rainfall patterns have also been erratic and this affects the livelihoods of almost two thirds of Nepal 's population of 28 million who depend on rain-fed agriculture . "  Various global circulation models show that precipitation could go down by 14 percent or increase by as much as 40 percent by 2030 , " Dixit told CNN . Although the contribution of Nepal , one of the poorest countries in the world , to carbon emissions is negligible , the poor and the marginalized bear the brunt of climate change , Prime Minister Nepal said at a press conference after the cabinet meeting . The 10-point Everest Declaration the cabinet adopted includes increasing the protected area of Nepal 's land from 20 percent to 25 percent , developing communities ' capacity to cope with climate change and working together with other countries to mitigate the impact of global warming . The declaration also supported developed countries ' plans to contribute 1.5 percent of GDP to a climate fund and bring down greenhouse gases to pre-industrialization levels . "  The earth is our common abode , " said Prime Minister Nepal . "  To save the earth the biggest sacrifice is needed from nations producing large amounts of carbon . "	24 of Nepal 's cabinet members met at base of Everest to highlight impact of climate change Ministers wore oxygen masks and used microphones because wind made it difficult to hear It is feared melting glaciers could cause water scarcity affecting one billion people Adopted 10-point Everest Declaration which increases area of Nepal 's protected land
CNN  -- Reclusive author J.D. Salinger has emerged , at least in the pages of court documents , to try to stop a novel that presents Holden Caulfield , the disaffected teen hero of his classic "  The Catcher in the Rye , " as an old man . J.D. Salinger has stayed out of the public eye for most of the past half century . Lawyers for Salinger filed suit in federal court this week to stop the publication , sale and advertisement of "  60 Years Later : Coming Through the Rye , " a novel written by an author calling himself J.D. California and published by a Swedish company that advertises joke books and a "  sexual dictionary " on its Web site . "  The Sequel infringes Salinger 's copyright rights in both his novel and the character Holden Caulfield , who is the narrator and essence of that novel , " said the suit , filed Monday in U.S. District Court in New York . Published in 1951 , "  The Catcher in the Rye " is an iconic take on teen alienation that is consistently listed among the greatest English-language novels ever written . Salinger , 90 , who has famously lived the life of a recluse in New Hampshire for most of the past half-century , last published in 1965 . With the exception of a 1949 movie based on one of his early short stories , he has never authorized adaptations of any of his work , even turning down an overture from director Steven Spielberg to make "  Catcher " into a movie . "  There 's no more to Holden Caulfield . Read the book again . It 's all there , " the court filing quotes Salinger as saying in 1980 . "  Holden Caulfield is only a frozen moment in time . " The filing refers to the new book 's author as "  John Doe , " saying that the name John David California probably is made up . The first-time novelist 's biography on Amazon.com says California is the son of a Swedish mother and American father who was named after the state where he was born . It claims he is a former gravedigger and triathlete who found a copy of Salinger 's novel "  in an abandoned cabin in rural Cambodia " and that it helped him survive "  the most maniacal of tropical fevers and chronic isolation . " The Web site 's description of the book is written in the same choppy , first-person stream of consciousness that Salinger employs as Holden wanders the streets of New York . It describes a character , "  Mr. C , " who flees his nursing home and "  embarks on a curious journey through the streets of New York . " The lawsuit names Swedish publisher Nicotext ; its offshoot , Windupbird Publishing Ltd. ; and California-based SCB Distributors as defendants . The Web site for Nicotext advertises such books as "  The Macho Man 's  Bad  Joke Book " and "  Give It To Me Baby , " which it describes as an erotic "  flick book . " Marcia Paul , Salinger 's New York-based attorney , declined to speak on the record , citing her client 's private nature . E-mail messages to Nicotext were not returned Wednesday . Aaron Silverman , president of SCB Distributors , said the people behind the new book plan to defend it against the lawsuit . "  We believe we have the right to distribute this book and the publishers believe they have the right to publish it , " he said . Silverman , whose company distributes books by about 150 publishers , called "  60 Years Later " a work of "  social science fiction , " saying that California does n't plagiarize , but sets a well-known character in an alternate place and time -- as literature has done for centuries . "  It 's amazing , " he said of the book . "  If it was something else , or it felt like a knock-off or whatever , I would have told the publisher we would n't do it . But it 's really just amazing . " Despite his cloistered lifestyle , Salinger nods to the contemporary marketplace in the lawsuit , noting that , as of last week , " ` The Catcher in the Rye ' currently sells more copies on Amazon.com than ` Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , ' ` The DaVinci Code , ' ` To Kill a Mockingbird ' or ` Of Mice and Men . ' " A hearing in the case is expected Monday . Salinger 's lawyers will ask a judge to freeze publication of the book until a final ruling is made . The book is already available in Europe and the United Kingdom , and is scheduled to be released in the United States in September . The lawsuit asks that sales be halted and that books already distributed be recalled and destroyed . The argument is reminiscent of the legal tussle over the 2001 novel "  The Wind Done Gone , " a parody of Margaret Mitchell 's "  Gone With the Wind " told from the perspective of a slave . Mitchell 's estate argued that the book , by novelist Alice Randall , infringed upon her copyright . But the 11th District U.S. Court of Appeals ruled in Randall 's favor , saying the book was protected as a parody of a well-known work . Salinger 's lawyers say "  60 Years Later " deserves no such protection . "  The sequel is not a parody and it does not comment upon or criticize the original , " the lawsuit argues . "  It is a rip-off pure and simple . "	Lawsuit seeks halt to "  60 Years Later : Coming Through the Rye " J.D. Salinger says "  sequel " infringes on copyright of his classic novel New author says he 's former gravedigger , discovered "  Catcher " in Cambodia Court hearing scheduled for Monday in New York
CNN  -- You 're engaged ! Congratulations ! Here 's how not to go broke , and still show your guests a fantastic time . Rank your priorities What facets of your wedding are most important to you ? Focus on areas that make your heart go pitter-patter , and you 'll feel OK about skimping on the rest . As for what guests tend to remember , according to a survey conducted by St. Louis Bride and Groom magazine , 81 % of guests say the entertainment is the most memorable part of a wedding . Recruit friends Think of it as cost-free outsourcing . Gather your inner circle , play to their strengths  e.g. , assign lettering to the friend with the most beautiful handwriting  , and turn the prep into a party . Martha Stewart Weddings : The New Bridal Shower Rules  Toilet Paper Dresses and Awkward Icebreakers Not Included ! Be ruthless with the head count Quick tips for whittling your guest list : Omit children and coworkers  making cuts categorically is less likely to cause rifts  ; and when it comes to couples , invite spouses , fiances , and live-ins only . Keep the numbers down for your wedding party as well : Fewer attendants means less money spent on bouquets , boutonnieres , presents and transportation . Think out-of-the-banquet-hall "  Pick a venue that already has a chic ambience , " suggests Abby Larson of wedding blog Style Me Pretty . "  Restaurants are usually the best option . They have gorgeous tables and chairs , and the decor is often easy to fall in love with . You 'll save an absolute bundle . " Martha Stewart Weddings : 7 Old-School Wedding Rules You Can Break Seek free fonts Finding the perfect typeface that 's also free is a bit like searching for the Holy Grail . Here 's reason to rejoice : four decidedly un-tacky fonts that do n't cost a hard-earned dime . Top row from left in slide five : Customize place cards , coasters , menus , or thank-you notes with simple Kontor serif or Lane sans serif , from dafont.com . Bottom row : Use the more stylized Monogram kk and Hoedown fonts from abstractfonts.com to stand in for a calligrapher or give a "  Just Married " sign a retro Western kick . Forgo a program "  A lot of my clients are opting for no printed program , " says San Francisco wedding planner Pamela Fishman Cianci , owner of Outlined Productions . "  It 's an extra cost and extra stress , and it 's unnecessary . The most important words are the vows , and those are never in there . " Martha Stewart Weddings : Common Wedding Traditions and Superstitions You 've Never Heard Before Think monochromatic From your invites  using one shade of ink means big savings on letterpress  to your flowers , choosing a single overall hue creates an instantly chic party at a fraction of the price . Notes Denise Vivaldo , a caterer and author of "  Do It for Less ! Weddings : How to Create Your Dream Wedding Without Breaking the Bank " , "  Color is cheap , and it can become your theme . " Take up hunting Bargain hunting , that is . You can find everything from fabric and trim to antique Mason jars on eBay , Etsy , Craigslist or at a local flea market , for half the price and twice the charm . Martha Stewart Weddings : 21 Gorgeous Engagement Rings of Real Brides Buy in-season "  My best tip is to stay seasonal and local . I made this bouquet for $ 50 , using anemones , parrot tulips , and ranunculus , all spring flowers , " says Maxine Siu , of Stem in San Francisco . Pick the right kicks Buy shoes that you 'll actually wear again after the wedding -- something you likely wo n't do with white heels . Stunners like the ones pictured above in slide 10 by Loeffler Randsall , J.Crew , and Badgley Mischka are good for the long run . Martha Stewart : Kate Bosworth 's Wedding : Behind-the-Scenes Photos Supersize your flowers Choosing bigger buds means you 'll need fewer stems , thereby helping your bottom line . In "  Wedding Chic : The Savvy Bride 's Guide to Getting More While Spending Less , " author Nina Willdorf recommends blooms such as African marigolds , gladiolus , and "  Stargazer " lilies , which easily fill a room . Make your flowers work overtime One of the simplest ways to save can also be one of the loveliest . Let potted flowering plants -- whichever ones are in season -- act as both living centerpieces and favors that guests can tote home . Martha Stewart Weddings : Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Got Married , Their Exclusive Wedding Photos Did you save cash in any creative ways when you were planning your wedding ? We 'd love to hear all about it in the comments below , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Wedding costs can quickly add up , but creative thinking can save you a bundle . Do n't reinvent the wheel : opt for free fonts and decorated restaurants that suit your taste Online sleuthing at sites like Etsy can yield unique elements at a fraction of the price Sit down with your beloved and assess your priorities to eliminate extra spending
CNN  -- One of the prosecutors in the Casey Anthony trial said Wednesday there could be perjury charges against Casey 's mother , Cindy Anthony . Cindy Anthony testified that she was responsible for Internet searches on the family 's home computer for information about chloroform . But records indicated she was at work at the time . Prosecutors had alleged that Casey Anthony , 25 , killed her daughter , Caylee , in 2008 by rendering her unconscious with chloroform , putting duct tape over her nose and mouth so she would suffocate , or a combination of the two acts . Asked by NBC 's "  Today Show " whether legal action will be taken against Cindy Anthony for allegedly perjuring herself on the witness stand , Jeff Ashton responded , "  I think there could be . That will be a decision made by another branch of our office . " Ashton himself is leaving his post , proceeding with a retirement that he had delayed to take on the Casey Anthony case . The trial ended Tuesday with Casey Anthony acquitted of murder , manslaughter , and child abuse in the death of her daughter . She was convicted of lying to police , a misdemeanor that usually results in no jail time . Asked by NBC whether he would pursue Cindy Anthony for perjury if he were staying , Ashton responded , "  I honestly do n't know . That would be a very , very difficult decision to make . As a prosecutor -- I 've been a prosecutor for 30 years -- I hate to say this , but you 're somewhat accustomed to family members trying to help their fellow family members . So you 're kind of used to that . "  This , of course , was a rather important , you know , deception , if you will , that obviously was proven to be so by the other evidence . What they do with it is going to be a difficult decision that I 'm glad I do n't have to make . " Ashton was on HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " Wednesday evening at 9 p.m. ET . Holly Hughes , a criminal defense attorney analyzing the Casey Anthony trial for CNN , said she believes "  they 've got enough evidence to prove " perjury , but "  from a personal , human standpoint , I do n't think we 're going to see it happen . "  Remember , no matter what we think of Cindy Anthony , she is a victim here . She is a grieving grandmother . ... So we know that she truly truly loved that little girl and misses her . And , at this point , all she was trying to do was save her daughter 's life and it worked . So at this point I think any prosecution is going to look like sour grapes . " Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	"  There could be " perjury charges , Ashton says A CNN analyst says perjury charges are unlikely Ashton is stepping down , having delayed his retirement for this case
Four people have been arrested in connection with last week 's coal mine fire in Soma , Turkey , that killed 301 miners , the country 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . Soma Coal Mining Company operating manager Akin Celik , engineers Yalcin Erdogan and Ertan Ersoy , and security chief Yasin Kurnaz were taken into custody Sunday , the agency said , citing Turkish prosecutor Bekir Sahiner . Twenty-five people were detained and questioned , Anadolu reported . The search for victims of Tuesday 's fire ended Saturday . Authorities believe they have now recovered the bodies of all the workers who perished . The investigation into what caused the deadliest disaster in Turkish mining history continues , the Natural Disaster and Emergency Coordination Directorate said . The last bodies were pulled out Saturday afternoon , Turkish Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said . However , as the recovery effort comes to an end , controversy over Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's response to the tragedy refuses to blow over . On Friday , police in Soma used tear gas , plastic pellets and a water cannon on protesters angered by the government 's response . The protesters , dressed mostly in black , chanted "  Do n't sleep , Soma , remember your dead ! " as they passed through city streets a few miles from the disaster site trying to reach a statue honoring miners . Amid a rising tide of discontent , local authorities have banned protests in Soma and apparently clamped down on those taking part . Lawyers ' representatives told Turkish broadcaster DHA that eight lawyers and 25 other citizens were detained Saturday . The lawyers were in town to try to help represent families of the dead miners . Abdurrahman Savas , the governor of Manisa province , where Soma is located , declined to say how many people had been detained over the protests . But he told reporters that the authorities decided Friday to ban rallies and demonstrations in Soma to maintain peace and security . "  This is not to prevent freedom of expression , " he said . Distrust of the government is running high in certain sectors of society , with some voicing doubts about the official count of those missing , while others question the fact no one has yet taken responsibility for the tragedy . Some are also critical of the authorities ' use of tear gas and the water cannon against demonstrators . Erdogan 's missteps Public anger has been fueled in part by Erdogan 's own missteps while visiting the scene of the disaster Wednesday . First , Erdogan 's comments to relatives of dead and injured miners , in which he described the disaster as par for the course in a dangerous business , were seen as highly insensitive and drew scathing criticism . Then video taken on the same day in Soma showed Erdogan telling a man "  do n't be nasty , " according to the footage aired Friday by DHA . The remarks initially reported and translated by DHA were confirmed by a CNN native Turkish speaker . "  What happened happened . It is from God . ... If you boo the country 's prime minister , you get slapped , " Erdogan is heard saying . That was after another video clip emerged showing a crowd outside a grocery store angrily booing Erdogan . As the Prime Minister entered the crowded store , he appeared to put his arm around the neck of a man who was later identified as a miner . After the confrontation , the video captured what appeared to be Erdogan 's security guards beating the same man to the floor . The miner said later that Erdogan slapped him , possibly by mistake . He wants an apology for the way he was treated by the Prime Minister 's staff . In addition , a photograph of an aide to Erdogan kicking a protester surfaced Wednesday , an image that quickly became a symbol of the anger felt by many against the government , and amid mounting questions over safety practices at the mine . Huseyin Celik , a spokesman for the ruling Justice and Development Party , dismissed the grocery store incident and said the image of the aide , Yusuf Yerkel , kicking the protester was misleading . Yerkel was quoted by the Anadolu news agency Thursday as saying that he had been deeply saddened by the previous day 's events . "  I am sad that I could not keep my calm in the face of all the provocation , insults and attacks that I was subjected to that day , " he reportedly said . Questions over safety chambers The mine complex exploded in flames for unknown reasons Tuesday , trapping many miners deep underground . Among other issues , mine officials indicated Friday that workers may not have had access to an emergency refuge where they could have taken shelter from the flames and choking fumes . The owner of the company , Alp Gurman , said the mine met the highest standards laid out by the law in Turkey . The company , he said , had no legal obligation to build safety chambers . Asked about that issue , Minister of Labor and Social Security Faruk Celik defended Turkey 's workplace safety act and said it was set up within the framework of EU regulations , according to CNN Turk . "  This is a dynamic area , " he said , adding that it is the duty of each company to ensure workers ' safety needs are met . "  Could people be sent to death because a certain sentence is not in the regulations ? " he asked . Istanbul Technical University said it had dropped Gurman and a fellow Soma Holding manager , Ismet Kasapoglu , from an advisory panel in its mining faculty , following protests and an occupation by students at the university , CNN Turk reported . Political bonfire Hundreds also took to the streets last week in anti-government protests in Istanbul and Ankara , with police answering , in some cases , with water cannons and tear gas . As Erdogan took a stroll through Soma , onlookers showered him with deafening jeers as well as chants of "  Resign , Prime Minister ! " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu defended Erdogan in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  He was feeling all these pains in his heart , " he said . "  Everybody knows that our Prime Minister is always with the people , and always feels the pain of the people . Otherwise , he would n't get such a high support in eight elections in  the  last 10 years . " But the disaster opened up an old political wound . Opposition politician Ozgur Ozel , who is from the Manisa region , which includes Soma , filed a proposal in late April to investigate Turkish mines after repeated deadly accidents . Erdogan 's government rejected the proposal . It claimed that the mine , owned by Soma Komur Isletmeleri A.S. , had passed recent inspections . A Turkish engineers ' association criticized mine ventilation and safety equipment last week as being "  insufficient and old . " A lack of safety inspections has caused 100 coal mines to be closed in the last three years , according to Turkey 's Energy Ministry . President Abdullah Gul , speaking as he visited Soma on Thursday , said he was sure the investigation already begun would "  shed light " on what regulations are needed . "  Whatever is necessary will be done , " he said . Despair , anger , dwindling hope after Turkey coal mine fire	Four people , including engineers and a manager , are arrested , says prosecutor Search efforts are now over with a confirmed death toll of 301 , government officials say "  If you boo the country 's prime minister , you get slapped , " Turkey 's PM says in video Mine owner says the Soma site met the standards required by Turkish law
CNN  -- The family of a woman who died three years ago wants to know whether she is the victim of a suspect accused of locking up four people in a Philadelphia basement . Maxine Lee , who died in 2008 in Norfolk , Virginia . was a roommate of Linda Weston , the accused ringleader of a group charged with locking up four mentally disabled adults in an apartment 's boiler room . "  I want police to re-open this . I do , " her sister , Tracey Lee , told CNN . Lee said her family believes she died under suspicious circumstances . The suspects are charged with kidnapping , aggravated assault , false imprisonment , unlawful restraint , criminal trespass , and conspiracy . The alleged victims were discovered severely malnourished , without food , and left with buckets to go to the bathroom . A landlord discovered them and called police . Maxine Lee died after disappearing several years earlier . She had last worked as a security guard after jobs with the post office and the IRS , her family told CNN . Her relatives did n't know what happened to her until they got a call in November 2008 from Virginia police saying Maxine was dead . She rushed to Norfolk from Philadelphia to get whatever information she could from police . "  I was surprised that they were n't at all supportive , " Lee said . Lee said police told her they could n't find Weston or another man who had been in the apartment . When she asked about whether they had any of her sister 's belongings , she said police "  printed me a map to find her house on my own . " "  I felt like I was a reporter trying to find out what happened , " Lee added . Lee says she was taken to identify her sister 's body . "  Her hair was falling out , " she said . She was told her sister died of acute bacterial meningitis with a contributing factor of malnutrition . Her manner of death is listed as "  natural causes . " Tracey Lee says her family was devastated . She was frustrated police said they could n't find the people living with her sister . When she heard Weston 's name in connection with the bruised , malnourished , allegedly mistreated disabled woman and three men imprisoned in a basement , she immediately recognized the name . "  I said ` it ca n't be . It ca n't be . ' I was distraught , " Lee said . After hearing about Weston 's charges , Tracey Lee wonders whether her sister could be another possible victim of Weston 's . "  I think she played a role  in her sister 's death  . "  Maxine probably went days without water . And if she was so sick , why did n't she take her to the ER ? " she said . Norfolk Police tell CNN they 're looking at Maxine Lee 's case again but have n't formally re-opened it . Philadelphia police spokesman Lt. Ray Evers says they 're aware of Maxine Lee 's death and her connection to Weston . They 've set up a task force to investigate every aspect of the Philadelphia case , looking for more people who might have been victimized by Weston and her co-defendants . Investigators found about 50 different identification cards among Weston 's belongings . Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey told CNN on Monday that Weston had IDs for about 50 people in her possession : "  Social Security information , power of attorney information , those kinds of things . " "  We 're looking at everything , " Evers said . ` Are these people dead , alive ? " He says they have to track down each person and look for any connections to Weston and her three co-defendants . Police say Weston 's motive may have been befriending needy victims and eventually ripping off their Social Security checks . The case continued to develop Friday when CNN uncovered new information that shows the Philadelphia case was not the first time Weston has drawn scrutiny for possible Social Security fraud . The Social Security Administration 's Office of Inspector General confirmed to CNN that it investigated Weston in 2009 for continuing to collect benefits for her roommate , Maxine Lee , after she died of acute meningitis . When the administration finally cut off benefits , Weston appeared at a Philadelphia office seeking to have the benefits reinstated , the Office of Inspector General said in a statement to CNN . The money -- totaling less then $ 3,000 -- was repaid to the Social Security Administration , the inspector general said . The acknowledgment by the inspector general 's office has raised questions about why the Social Security Administration allowed Weston , a convicted murderer , to serve as a "  representative payee " for a Social Security recipient . Under Social Security Administration policy , certain individuals convicted of criminal offenses are prohibited from serving as representative payees . The Social Security Administration is reviewing its handling of Weston . After initially asking for questions for comment in writing from CNN , a spokeswoman for the administration declined to provide details of the Weston case , including whether Weston was the representative payee for any of the people found in captivity in Philadelphia . "  We are very concerned about this situation . As this is an ongoing investigation , we ca n't provide you any details at this time , " spokeswoman Kia Green said . As for Tracey Lee and her mother , they plan to attend Monday 's first public court appearance for Weston and the three other defendants in Philadelphia . "  I plan on getting up early and sitting in the first row , " Mary Lee said . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	Maxine Lee , 39 , died in 2008 in Norfolk , Virginia She was a roommate of Linda Weston , the alleged ringleader of a group of suspects The group is charged with locking up four mentally disabled adults in an apartment 's boiler room
CNN  -- Rioting near the northwestern Chinese city of Kashgar on Tuesday left 12 people dead , according to China 's official Xinhua news agency . The news agency said that 10 people were killed in riots in the restive Xinjiang province and police shot dead a further two people in the disturbance . The report , which could not be independently verified , gave no details about what could have sparked the violence . It said a group of knife-wielding assailants attacked people in a market in Yecheng county . Chinese authorities have blamed militants of Uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in recent years . Uighurs are ethnic Turks who are linguistically , culturally and religiously distinct from China 's majority Han population . Beijing claims overseas-based militant Uighur groups linked to the East Turkistan Islamic Movement that allegedly trains in Pakistan have been fomenting trouble in the region . The rioting coincides with the opening of a new 3.64 billion yuan  $ 579 million  highway linking Kashgar to Yecheng which lies 155 miles  258 km  to the south of the city . In December , Chinese authorities killed seven Uighurs in a bid to free two hostages kidnapped in the rural county of Pishan , near Yecheng , in an incident which the Stockholm-based World Uighur Congress disputes . The WUC said the deaths occurred when police opened fire on a demonstration outside a police bureau where Uighurs were protesting a recent security crackdown in Hotan city . Xinjiang was rocked by the worst violence in decades in July 2009 when rioting between Uighurs and Han Chinese left nearly 200 people dead and 1,700 injured in the regional capital Urumqi . The massive security clampdown in the wake of the violence has angered many Uighurs , who make up more than half of the 9 million people that live in the far western region of China , who say police have been behind a series disappearances . Authorities in Xinjiang said last month they plan to recruit 8,000 extra police officers as China strengthens security in the run-up to a major leadership transition later this year .	China 's Xinhua news agency reports 12 killed in rioting near Kashgar The report says 10 were killed in the disturbance and police shot dead another two Beijing has blamed militants of Uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in recent years Uighurs are ethnic Turks distinct from China 's majority Han population
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For the fifth time this year , a U.S. Air Force nuclear weapons unit failed an inspection , this time because of failure to document its handling of nuclear missiles and other critical issues , Air Force officials said . In an Air Force file photo , an airman inspects a missile part at a training site . A "  nuclear surety inspection " and "  unit compliance inspection " was conducted this month on the 90th Missile Wing at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming by an Air Force inspector general . There was no risk to the unit 's Minuteman III nuclear missiles , Air Force officials said . The unit has 90 days to correct the problems and pass another inspection . In the wake of recent problems , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and top Air Force officials have indicated a zero tolerance for failing inspections , but no punishments are expected in this case , officials said . The inspection report found the maintenance unit failed to document tests conducted on missiles correctly , including tests on safety devices . The inspector general told the unit the failures indicated either a "  lack of competence " or "  disregard for procedures , " according to a source who has seen the report . Additionally , failures included having some personnel on duty without proper medical clearance and failure to inspect radiation detectors . Other units that failed inspections this year included two bomb wings and two missile units .	Unit at Wyoming base fails to document missile handling , Air Force officials say The 90th Missile Wing has 90 days to make corrections No risk to Minuteman III nuclear missiles , officials say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The apocalyptic tales of nature 's impending demise are as well worn as they are numerous . Dr. Joseph Adelegan has pioneered new energy sources , including using cow waste to create cooking gas . But while our leaders wrangle over quotas for greenhouse emissions over banquets at lavish summits , there are remarkable individuals who are doing their small bit to prevent our planet from peril . Take Nigerian civil engineer , Dr Joseph Adelegan for instance . He firmly believes that the world 's future fuel demands can be met through renewable energy . And he is using increasingly innovative methods to achieve these results . Three years ago Adelegan won plaudits for his "  Cows to Kilowatts " project , which used effluents and waste products from abattoirs to produce cooking gas . The project was a winner of the prestigious 2005 Supporting Entrepreneurs for Environment and Development  SEED  International Awards . It is still going strong and being used to provide cooking fuel for nearly 6000 homes in Ibadan , southern Nigeria . Adelegan tells CNN there are now plans to roll it out across most of Africa , including Zimbabwe , Kenya and Egypt . This time he 's back with another groundbreaking idea to use waste from the cassava plant , a staple food of Nigeria , to generate electricity . His project "  Power to the Poor : Off-Grid Lighting from Cassava Waste in Nigeria , " was awarded a $ 250,000 grant in May from the World Bank after being named one of the best projects in Africa . According to Adelegan , Nigeria produces over 20 percent of the world 's output of cassava , it is a $ 5 billion industry and provides the third largest source of carbohydrates for human food . However , waste from cassava refining is a major public health problem in Nigeria , causing water pollution and emitting noxious greenhouse gases . Through innovative biogas technology , zero emission bioreactors at specially constructed plants treat the cassava waste and produce biogas which drives microturbines for low cost , safe and reliable off-grid efficient lighting to thousands of rural homes . Using this method , Adelegan says he hopes to generate 200kw daily , which will provide basic electricity for more than 2000 households initially . He told CNN : "  There will be four lighting points in their homes . We 're thinking in terms of basic lighting , they will be able to use their TV , cassette player , that sort of thing , but it will not be able to power a refrigerator . "  These people currently rely on kerosene lamps that are very bad for emissions and pollution . We also plan to provide them with low wattage lamps that use just 5kw to bring down usage . " Through his not-for-profit organization -- Global Network for Environment and Economic Development Research  -- Adelegan has achieved the impressive feat of galvanizing the notoriously bureaucratic Nigerian government into action . He told CNN that the governor of Kwara State , in northern Nigeria has donated a plot of land for the launch of the project , scheduled to start next month . The scheme will cost $ 310,000 and will become profitable in little over three years , Adelegan says . "  This can never replace fossil fuels because of the huge demand we have for them , but we can help to reduce greenhouse emissions by creating alternative sources of energy , " he said . The Ice Man Cometh In the furthest reaches of northern India , glaciers once stretched far down the mountains , now they are all but gone as global warming takes its devastating toll . Hardworking but impoverished farmers in the Ladakh region have watched as their sole source of fresh water slowly melts away . But one man is taking matters into his own hands . Enter Chewang Norphel , a softly-spoken but sprightly 72-year-old has created artificial glaciers and managed to generate water and greenery in this barren landscape . Perched high up in the remote cold deserts of the Himalayas , Norphel has mastered the art of harvesting water by using just a few hundred meters of iron pipes and stone embankments . "  Fifty to sixty years ago , we used to have huge glaciers here , the retired civil engineer , told CNN . "  They have been reduced now because of global warming and now they are on high peaks . " The idea of the ` artificial glacier ' was born after he noticed that taps were left running in winter to stop the water from freezing in the pipes . The water then flowed into the drains surrounding the taps and froze . "  And it then occurred to me : ` why not try and make artificial glaciers in the winter ? ' So that local farmers get a real headstart when they need it most , " Norphel says . The result was a device which traps the waters which melt down the high mountains by turning them into chunks of ice . The largest artificial glacier Norphel has built so far is near the village of Phuktsey . About 1,000 feet  300 meters  long , 150 feet  45 meters  wide , and four feet  1 meter  deep , it supplies irrigation water to the entire village of around 700 people . For Norphel , there are several advantages of an artificial glacier over a natural one . Firstly , it is closer to the village and at a comparatively lower altitude . Natural glaciers , on the other hand , are located way up in the mountains and they melt slowly in summer , releasing water to the villages quite late . Now engineers from other mountainous regions in India and Afghanistan have visited to learn his methods . One artificial glacier costs just $ 7,000 , compared to $ 34,000 for a dam . Only local materials are needed , and the villagers themselves can build and maintain them . For his efforts , Norphel has been awarded the Far Eastern Economic Review 's 1999 Gold Asian Innovation Award , twelve years after he created the first one . However , he is frustrated at the lack of investment and funding to help modernize the design . "  The funding is not sufficient , " he said . "  We are getting very little amounts and we need a lot more . I hope to get more as this year I want to make two or three more glaciers , with a new design to improve the efficiency . " In 1996 , one year after he had retired , Norphel joined the Leh Nutrition Project , a non-governmental organization , as project manager for watershed development . "  Watershed development is the only solution for Ladakh 's rural economy . Otherwise , you will have rural folk flocking the city in search of jobs . And there are not many to go around , " he says . Do you have other examples of how people are using innovative ways to create renewable energy sources ? Share your views and experiences in our sound-off box below .	Individuals around the world are devising innovative ways to save the planet Joseph Adelegan has created fuels using cow waste and cassava plant Chewang Norphel is known as the "  Ice Man " after creating artificial glaciers
CNN  -- The Disney Channel 's "  Girl Meets World " will meet its eager audience in June . The cable network has announced that "  Girl Meets World , " a spinoff of '90s comedy "  Boy Meets World , " will have its official debut on June 27 following a four-hour marathon of "  Boy Meets World " on June 15 . "  Boy Meets World " ran for seven seasons on ABC between 1993 and 2000 , and starred Ben Savage and Danielle Fishel . The two actors played Cory Matthews and Topanga Lawrence , a pair of friends who later become love interests and eventually marry . The "  Girl Meets World " spinoff has Fishel and Savage reprising their characters , except they 're no longer the story 's main focus . Instead , "  Girl Meets World " follows the coming-of-age tale of Cory and Topanga 's tween daughter , Riley  Rowan Blanchard  . The couple also have a young son , Auggie , played by August Maturo . The new Disney series is expected to hit many of the same themes as "  Boy Meets World . " That show followed the mischievous adventures of Cory and his best friend , Shawn  Rider Strong  , and "  Girl Meets World " pairs Riley with a "  bold " best friend of her own , Maya . And also like its predecessor , the central characters start off in middle school , where Cory Matthews works as the girls ' history teacher . While the plot will focus on Riley and her friends , there will be no shortage of "  Boy Meets World " characters in the spinoff . Rider Strong , William Daniels  Mr. Feeney  , Lee Norris  Minkus  and the actors who played Cory 's parents , William Russ and Betsy Randle , are all expected to appear . For fans who ca n't hold out until June , Disney 's also offering the series premiere via its digital service , Watch Disney Channel , starting May 21 for verified subscribers . "  Girl Meets World " will premiere June 27 at 9:45 p.m. ET/PT before moving to its regular time slot of 8:30 p.m. ET/PT on July 11 .	The Disney Channel 's "  Girl Meets World " will premiere June 27 The series is a spinoff of ABC 's "  Boy Meets World " It will focus on the tween daughter of "  Boy Meets World 's " star characters
CNN  -- We all understand that the closer Congress gets to an election , the more risk-averse it becomes . Members just want to get re-elected and are n't looking to take any chances . That 's why lame-duck , post-election sessions are sadly often the most productive : Once members feel safe  or are even on their way out of office  , they can actually do some real work . So the aerodynamics of Congress as it gets close to an election are this : Stop . Go home . Avoid real votes . Par for the course . Except for this : Republicans have recently made a fetish of complaining that President Barack Obama wo n't let them vote on things . He does too much without us , they say . Too many executive actions . Too many new regulations . They even voted to sue him over his so-called abuse of power . "  Are you willing to let any president choose what laws to execute and what laws to change ? " House Speaker John Boehner intoned mightily on the House floor . "  Are you willing to let anyone tear apart what our founders have built ? " But wait . Are these the same people who now are , um , ducking a vote on congressional authorization for action against ISIS ? While Boehner told CNN 's Dana Bash that while "  it would be in the nation 's interest " to "  speak " on this question , he said it was up to the President to request it . "  We 've not gotten that . " So , does the White House intend to send something wide-ranging to Boehner ? Not exactly . Instead there will be a vote to authorize the arming of the Syrian rebels . While the President would "  welcome " further congressional action , a senior administration official says , "  we believe we have the authority that is necessary " to wage war against ISIS . Alphonse , meet Gaston . Hagel : If ISIS allowed to continue it will be threat to ` homeland ' Not that it 's a surprise . We all know that in the world in which we live , Congress -- with an approval rating of 14 % -- wants to take responsibility for things that are good and avoid responsibility for things that are risky . But here 's where each party makes us scratch our heads . In the past , Republicans have believed -- strongly -- in the thesis that the chief executive has strong unilateral war-making authority .  George W. Bush went to Congress to approve the Iraq war , but only after much debate and pressure -- and even his vice president opposed the idea .  So Boehner 's position has historical precedent . Except when you consider it in terms of the recent domestic debate : Obama ca n't issue a domestic regulation , but he can unilaterally decide to go to war ? Huh ? The Democrats take the exact opposite posture . The President can issue strong policy regulations and orders when it comes to health care and the environment , but he should n't act without Congress when it comes to war . Ah , except in this case , because a Democrat is President . And because Democrats are worried a vote on the use of force could hurt them with their base in the election , which already looks perilous for their party . Some unendangered Democrats have publicly called for a vote , but their leaders are much more sheepish . "  Right now we believe , as the President has stated , that he has the authority he needs , " says House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi . For now , at least . So case closed ? Not quite . There are plans this week to vote on the narrower proposition that has bipartisan support : arming the Syrian rebels . But what about the larger issue of voting to authorize war against ISIS ? Yea or nay ? Check back -- after the election . That 's when politicians vote .	Borger : In topsy-turvy world of Washington , parties doing their best to avoid Congress vote on ISIS Republicans suing Obama for overuse of authority yet giving him a free pass on military action Democrats fear a congressional vote 's impact on midterms , conflicted on presidential authority Borger : Governing will have to wait until the election is over
CNN  -- Four gunmen attempted to attack the Indian consulate in Afghanistan 's western Herat province early Friday , a spokesman for the governor 's office said . A member of the Indian Tibetan Border Police  ITBP  , who was guarding the consulate in Herat City at the time , fired at the assailants as they attempted to barge into the building , said Deepak Kumar , a spokesman for the ITBP in New Delhi . The attackers were armed with machine guns and grenades , he said . A car bomb also exploded near the scene but caused no damage . The attackers were eventually surrounded by Afghan security forces as they approached the consulate , according to Herat governor 's spokesman Abdul Rauf Ahmadi . Two of the gunmen were killed , Ahmadi said . The consulate was not damaged and no one there was injured . The identity of the attackers or motive for the attack is not yet known . Meanwhile , India 's external affairs spokesman , Syed Akbaruddin , said in post on Twitter that New Delhi was in touch with Kabul and that Indian Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh was monitoring the situation . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul and Harmeet Shah Singh in Delhi contributed to this report .	Four gunmen attack Indian consulate in Afghanistan 's Herat province Two gunmen shot dead , two captured by Afghan security forces The motive for the attack is not yet known
A military plan to retake the northern Iraqi city of Mosul from ISIS could begin as soon as January using Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces , a U.S. official confirmed to CNN . The current plan is to assemble about 1,000 troops , with Iraqi forces approaching Mosul from the south and Peshmerga forces from the west , said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . But everything in the plan is "  conditions based , " and the exact timing and size of the force to be used remains to be determined , the official said . It 's unclear how long such an operation would take to be successful . The idea is for groups to enter Mosul and attempt to establish initial footholds . They would then seek to expand their areas of military control , pushing out the militant terror group that also refers to itself as Islamic State , according to the official . U.S. and coalition aircraft would provide support from the air . It is not expected that any U.S. troops would be on the ground to locate targets for aircraft to strike , but Iraqi and Peshmerga commanders could communicate targets to the coalition , the officials said . The U.S. military is planning to train 12 Iraqi and Peshmerga brigades and plans to start arming members of the Sunni Anbari tribe , according to a military officials . All of this will be a series of judgment calls and agreements with Iraqis as to how many troops are involved and when they 're ready to go , the U. S. official said , and should not be thought of as set in stone . ISIS released a new video Friday titled "  A visit to Mosul " , which shows peaceful scenes in the city and claims that Christians and Yazidis there have now "  entered Islam . " The video is in stark contrast to the violence usually shown in ISIS propaganda .	U.S. military official says there is a plan to retake Mosul from ISIS Mosul would be attacked by Iraqi and Pershmerga forces , officials said U.S. would only provide air support , no ground troops are planned , official said ISIS issues new propaganda video showing peaceful scenes in Mosul
Paris , France  CNN  -- The French parliament begins debate Tuesday on a bill that would ban women from wearing Islamic veils , such as the burqa , that fully cover the face and body . A vote is not expected until next week , after which the measure , if passed , will go to the French Senate for a vote likely in the fall . The French Council of Ministers approved the measure in May , saying veils that cover the face "  can not be tolerated in any public place . " Their approval sent the bill to parliament . The parliamentary debate starting Tuesday is the latest step in France 's efforts to ban the burqa , niqab and other Muslim garments that cover a woman 's face . A panel of French lawmakers recommended a ban last year , and lawmakers unanimously passed a non-binding resolution in May calling the full-face veil contrary to the laws of the nation . "  Given the damage it produces on those rules which allow the life in community , ensure the dignity of the person and equality between sexes , this practice , even if it is voluntary , can not be tolerated in any public place , " the French government said when it sent the measure to parliament in May . The bill envisions a fine of 150 euros  $ 190  and/or a citizenship course as punishment for wearing a face-covering veil . Forcing a woman to wear a niqab or a burqa would be punishable by a year in prison or a 15,000-euro  $ 19,000  fine , the government said , calling it "  a new form of enslavement that the republic can not accept on its soil . " The measure would take effect six months after passage , giving authorities time to try to persuade women who veil themselves voluntarily to stop . The French Council of State has warned that the ban could be incompatible with international human rights law and the country 's own constitution . The council advises on laws , but the government is not required to follow its recommendations . Amnesty International urged French lawmakers in May not to approve the ban . "  A complete ban on the covering of the face would violate the rights to freedom of expression and religion of those women who wear the burqa or the niqab in public as an expression of their identity or beliefs , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's expert on discrimination in Europe . Belgium 's lower house of parliament passed a similar ban in April . If that bill is approved by the upper house and signed into law , it will be the first national ban in Europe on the burqa , a full-body cover that includes a mesh over the face , and the niqab , a full-face veil that leaves an opening only for the eyes . The hijab , which tightly covers the hair and neck but not the face , and the chador , which covers the body but not the face , apparently would not be banned by either law . The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimates that France has about 3.5 million Muslims , or about 6 percent of the population . France does not keep its own statistics on religious affiliation of the population , in keeping with its laws requiring the state to be strictly secular .	French law would bar women from covering faces with Islamic veils Lower house of parliament expected to vote next week ; Senate approval also required to become law Government says veils harm human dignity and equality between sexes Ban could violate human rights law , Council of State and Amnesty International warn
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Maj. Nidal Hasan 's three standby attorneys made clear Friday they 're still trying to leave the case , despite a military judge 's earlier ruling keeping them on the job . As the admitted Fort Hood gunman 's trial reconvened Friday morning , two of the attorneys asked to be excused so they could work on asking a higher court to overrule Judge Col. Tara Osborn 's decision . Osborn allowed Maj. Christopher Martin and Maj. Joseph Marcee to leave the court while the third attorney , Lt. Col. Kris Poppe , remained with Hasan , who is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in a November 2009 shooting rampage at the Army post near Killeen , Texas . The three attorneys had asked on Wednesday to drop out of the case , saying they believed Hasan -- who is representing himself but has the three attorneys as backup -- was trying to help the prosecution achieve a death sentence . But Osborn ruled Thursday that they must continue , saying it was "  nothing more than their disagreement with Hasan 's strategy in conducting his defense . " With Martin and Marcee away from the courtroom Friday , prosecutors continued a brisk march through the witness list , planning to call 17 more people for testimony -- among them , a number of wounded survivors of the massacre . By the end of Friday , prosecutors had called 48 of their 80 witnesses in three days -- a fast pace enabled in part by Hasan 's declining to cross-examine anyone in the first two days . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist who was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage , admitted at the start of the trial Tuesday that he was the shooter at the Fort Hood medical building where soldiers were being prepared for deployment to Afghanistan and Iraq . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . In a military capital trial , a guilty plea is not an option . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors allege the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . Hasan did not want to deploy to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " Col. Michael Mulligan , the lead prosecutor in the case , said during opening statements . Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions Investigations that followed the Fort Hood killings found Hasan had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . The case was first set to begin in March 2012 but was delayed repeatedly , notably over a previous judge 's unsuccessful demand that the beard Hasan has grown while in custody be forcibly shaved . Soldier on Soldier Attacks : Fast Facts Prosecution witnesses have painted a horrific picture of what unfolded inside the deployment processing center on the morning of November 5 , 2009 , as soldiers and civilians prepared to leave for Afghanistan and Iraq . Spec . Logan Barnett told the court his initial thought when he heard the shooting and the screams was that it was a training exercise because of a deadly shooting earlier at a mental health clinic at Iraq 's Camp Victory . "  As the shots continued being fired repeatedly , the room filled with the smell of gunpowder and blood , " Barnett said . Barnett dropped to the ground for cover , and then saw a friend , Staff . Sgt. Shawn Manning , take a shot to the chest and fall . "  Chaos . Horror . There was nothing but people falling down , " he said . Barnett began to crawl toward nearby cubicles for cover . "  I was crawling over the bodies of people who were n't moving , " Barnett said . "  There was a soldier with the back side of his head blown off . " Amid the killing , there were moments of heroism . Barnett told the court how he saw Capt. John Gaffney get up from the floor with a folding chair to attack the shooter . "  He was shot and killed in front of me , " said Barnett , who picked up a folding table to throw at the shooter as he reloaded . "  I stood up , charged and prepared to throw the table . " But by then the shooter had reloaded and pointed his gun at Barnett , shooting him in the head . Barnett told the court he managed to crawl toward the cubicle , even as Hasan shot him three more times . Two soldiers hiding under a desk offered him aid . "  I told the two soldiers , ` We ca n't stay here and die , ' " he said . "  I told them to go , to run through the south entrance and not look back until they found help . " Barnett used his body to act as a shield as the two soldiers made a run for it . Then , according to Barnett , he started to crawl over broken glass and bodies toward another exit . Barnett made it out of the building on his own before being grabbed by the collar and dragged to safety . Fort Hood witness on Hasan : ` His punishment will come ' The court-martial was scheduled to resume Monday at 9 a.m. local time . CNN 's Josh Rubin reported from Fort Hood . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Josh Levs and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Maj. Nidal Hasan 's standby attorneys are appealing order to stay on case The prosecution is going through more than 40 witnesses in two days Hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder counts Hasan has admitted being the shooter in the 2009 rampage at Fort Hood
Washington  CNN  -- The much-maligned , color-coded Homeland Security Advisory System is about to be consigned to the proverbial dustbin of history . Not that anyone is really paying attention . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is expected to announce Thursday that the almost 9-year-old threat alert system will go away in April . It will be replaced by the new National Terror Advisory System that will focus on specific threats in geographical areas , a department source said Wednesday . The source did not provide details of the new system , which Napolitano will unveil at what the department is calling "  the first annual ` State of America 's Homeland Security ' address " at George Washington University . The top Democrat and Republican on the House Homeland Security Commission reacted positively to the news , although committee chairman Rep. Peter King , R-New York , reserved judgment on the specifics . "  Though the system served a valuable purpose in the terrible days and months following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , it was clearly time for the current color-coded system to be replaced with a more targeted system , " King said . "  I know they have been working on this for a long time . It sounds to me like the changes they are proposing make sense . We will have to wait and see how they implement this new , more targeted system . I expect the biggest challenge for DHS will be balancing the need to provide useful and timely information with the need to protect sensitive information . " "  The old color coded system taught Americans to be scared , not prepared , " said ranking member Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi . "  Each and every time the threat level was raised , very rarely did the public know the reason , how to proceed , or for how long to be on alert . I have raised concerns for years about the effectiveness of the system and have cited the need for improvements and transparency . Many in Congress felt the system was being used as a political scare tactic -- raising and lowering the threat levels when it best suited the Bush administration . " President George W. Bush established the Homeland Security Advisory System by presidential directive on March 11 , 2002 , just a few months after the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington . The five levels -- green for low , blue for guarded , yellow for elevated , orange for high and red for severe -- were intended to identify the risk of terrorist attack . The initial level was yellow , which the system retained until September 11 , 2002 , when it was raised to orange to cover the first anniversary of the attacks . It was lowered back to yellow on September 24 . In its lifetime , the threat level has been raised to orange/high five times , although it went to that level three other times for specific industries . The threat level was raised to red/severe once -- on August 10 , 2006 , and only for commercial flights from the United Kingdom to the United States -- when British authorities announced they had disrupted a major plot to blow up aircraft . The level went down to orange on August 16 , 2006 , where it remains . The general threat level is yellow/elevated . The two lower levels have never been used , and task force looking at the system recommended in 2009 eliminating them altogether and making yellow the lowest threat level but renaming it "  guarded . " Almost from the start , the threat level system was the butt of jokes and multiple parodies . The "  Democracy Threat Advisory Level " went from green/low  "  Wow , clean money systems really work "  to red/severe  "  Martial law , but it 's for your own good "  . A "  Total Headcase Advisory System " began with "  George Soros is arrested " and ended with "  Hillary Clinton is elected president . " Still another announced that Homeland Security and Crayola had jointly revised the system , changing green to aquamarine , blue to raw umber , yellow to burnt sienna , orange to neon carrot and red to cotton candy . The public did n't care much for the system either , with polls conducted at the time indicating most Americans found it confusing and not very useful . More seriously , however , some critics accused the Bush administration of using using the system to generate fear at politically sensitive times , such as just before the 2004 election . And just days after his 2005 resignation , then-Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge told a Washington forum that he sometimes disagreed with the rationale for raising the alert but was overruled by others on the Homeland Security Advisory Council , which made the decisions . The council included Attorney General John Ashcroft , FBI chief Robert Mueller , CIA director George Tenet , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell . "  More often than not we  the department  were the least inclined to raise it , " Ridge told reporters after the forum . "  Sometimes we disagreed with the intelligence assessment . Sometimes we thought even if the intelligence was good , you do n't necessarily put the country on  alert  . ... There were times when some people were really aggressive about raising it , and we said , ` For that ? ' " And in 2009 , Ridge wrote in a tell-all book that sometimes officials such as Ashcroft and Rumsfeld pressured the department to change the level , describing a 2004 event in which his arguments against raising the alert worked . "  I believe our strong interventions had pulled the ` go-up ' advocates back from the brink . But I consider the episode to be not only a dramatic moment in Washington 's recent history , but another illustration of the intersection of politics , fear , credibility and security , " he wrote . "  After that episode , I knew I had to follow through with my plans to leave the federal government , " he wrote . Ridge announced his resignation on November 30 , 2004 , and left office on February 1 , 2005 . The Bush administration denied Ridge 's assertions , however . "  Nobody 's more surprised than I am , " then-Homeland Security adviser Fran Townsend told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Of course , Tom Ridge never expressed those concerns while he was in the administration , nor did he when I spoke to him after he left ...  He  was n't the only one in that meeting who suggested the terror alert should n't be raised . At no time was there a discussion of politics in that meeting . And the president was made a consensus recommendation from the council that he accepted -- not to raise the terror alert . " Townsend is now a national security contributor for CNN . CNN 's Fran Townsend contributed to this report	Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will make official announcement Thursday The new system will focus on specific threats in geographical areas , a source says The current color-coded system was established in 2002 in wake of 9/11 attacks The system was often criticized as confusing by public and parodied by comics
CNN  -- I 've often said I 'd like to smother my entire body in soy sauce . But enough about my eHarmony profile . The truth is I 'm completely smitten with one particular sauce from Trader Joe 's called Island Soyaki . It 's a little gift from heaven made with pineapple and ginger and garlic and sesame seeds . And if given half a chance I 'm fairly certain it could ultimately lead to world peace . "  Damn , this is delicious ! Why are we even fighting ? " "  Your God is different than our God . " "  Ah , right . That . " Perhaps it 'll take more than just Island Soyaki to bring us all together . But it 's a starting point . Unfortunately , however , the revolution wo n't begin in Canada -- because they do n't have Trader Joe 's . Instead , what they do have in Vancouver , British Columbia , is a place called Pirate Joe 's , which is an "  unaffiliated unauthorized re-seller of Trader Joe 's products . " Essentially , it 's like an eBay store for chocolate-covered nuts . I 'm pretty sure there 's also a place for that on Craigslist . But it 's waaaaay different . So I 've heard . Naturally , this imposter store is now being sued . Trader Joe 's , who declined to comment for this article , filed their complaint in Washington state in May . Then , earlier this month , lawyers for Pirate Joe 's fought back , delivering a motion to dismiss . And that 's when the whole thing finally made news all over the Web . It 's a good old fashioned food fight ! Basically , Trader Joe 's is n't too pleased that the owner of Pirate Joe 's literally crosses the border into America , purchases tons of food from their stores , hauls it all back to British Columbia , and then re-sells it for a higher price . Of course , Pirate Joe 's does n't feel they 're doing anything legally wrong -- it 's the basic principles of import/export , and their website specifically points out that they even "  add Canadian compliant ingredient and nutrition facts labels . " Calories 110  Sorry . Fat 7 g  Sorry . Cholesterol 30 mg  Sorry . So , as someone with six functioning brain cells and zero business sense , I have to ask : What 's the problem ? Because , really , it all seems very win-win-win . Trader Joe 's sells a lot of product . Pirate Joe 's makes a little money . And people in Vancouver can have soup from a box . Ai n't life grand ? Let 's all get naked in a tub of Island Soyaki ! But apparently it 's not that simple , for this is about trademark infringement , false advertising and a host of other legal issues arguing that Pirate Joe 's hurts the Trader Joe 's brand . That said , life is still pretty grand . And I 'm totally game for filling up the tub . Now , what makes this all so truly weird and amazing is that the owner of Pirate Joe 's , Michael Hallatt , calls himself Trader Joe 's "  best customer , " and claims to have spent more than $ 350,000 with them over the past two years to supply his similarly-themed shop in Vancouver . And Trader Joe 's is basically saying , "  Hey , thanks for giving us heaps of money . But go to hell . " Because , clearly , it 's not about earnings . It 's about branding . Trader Joe 's has worked hard to create a positive public image , and they certainly have every right to protect that . To Hallatt 's credit , though , he has at least stopped selling perishable goods , for he says he understands that if something were to spoil , it could lead to health risks that might tarnish the reputation of Trader Joe 's . So , he really is trying . But with all the legal back and forth , things are getting rather intense . So much so , in fact , that Hallatt recently dropped the "  P " from the name on his store front so that it reads _ IRATE JOE 'S . Which is to say , he 's not overjoyed about the lawsuit . On top of that , running his business has become increasingly difficult . Some Trader Joe 's stores in the Pacific Northwest have begun asking him to leave . So he 's resorted to shopping with cash while dressed in drag so as not to be noticed . I do it to feel pretty . Anyway , it 's all sort of a moot point for me here in America . Trader Joe 's is right down the street from my house , their shelves are always stocked with plenty of Island Soyaki , and a red , white and blue bald eagle soars over my really large tub . Ai n't life grand ? Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Trader Joe 's is suing copycat Pirate Joe 's in Vancouver , Canada The owner of Pirate Joe 's re-sells products from Trader Joe 's that he imports from America Bellini : Island Soyaki from Trader Joe 's could lead to world peace
CNN  -- Getting ahead in your career is not just about being successful ; it 's about being noticed . So how do you stand out to be hired by potential employers ? How do you stand out for a promotion to a superior ? How do you stand out as loyal to the people you are leading ? It 's simple : do the things that others are n't willing to do . Whether you 're a leader , a team member , or a candidate , success comes from having the discipline to do the things that you know you should be doing , even when you do n't feel like doing them . When you practice this kind of self discipline regularly , you 'll naturally stand out from the pack -- because most people avoid the hard stuff . It 's just easier to put it off . But the truth is that what feels easy now creates problems down the line . And what feels hard now -- doing the stuff you do n't feel like -- makes everything easier in the long-term . Self discipline does n't have to be hard -- you just have to change the way you think about it . Read more : Ambition could make you reach , but not happy Successful people have mastered the art of self discipline . I 've spent the last 10 years studying and coaching some of the most successful people in business , figuring out what makes them different . They 're not smarter or more talented than the average person -- they just consistently do what others are n't willing to do by keeping three principles in mind : Do it scared . Fear is one of the biggest saboteurs of our goals , because it inhibits action . The next time you feel yourself putting something off because you 're afraid -- of uncertainty or failure -- just "  do it scared . " I once heard a true story of a woman who was trapped in a burning building on the 80th floor . She was terrified of heights and enclosed spaces , and when the fire alarm went off , she refused to follow her colleagues into the stairwell to evacuate to safety . The firemen did a sweep of the building and found her hiding under her desk , waiting to die . She was screaming "  I 'm scared , I 'm scared ! " as the firemen insisted she walk down the stairwell . Until one fireman said : "  that 's OK , just do it scared . " He repeated it all the way down the 80 flights of stairs , until he brought her to safety . We 've all faced these moments in our careers -- when you know what has to be done , but your fear holds you back . In order to stand out , you must develop the habit of acting in the face of fear . It 's fine to be scared -- do it scared . It 's fine to be unsure -- do it unsure . It 's fine to be uncomfortable -- do it uncomfortable . Just do something . This is the attitude of the most disciplined and successful people on the planet . They might be scared , but they do it anyways . And by just doing something , you create movement and momentum that will lead to progress and results . Read more : Realize your potential , ` dare to be different ' Habits , not results . Perfectionism is one of the most common reasons people procrastinate , and we 've all done it at some point . The best way to overcome this impulse is to put your self esteem into stellar work habits instead of results . It can take a while to see the fruits of your labor -- whether you 're spearheading a new initiative , trying to launch a business , or planning a second act career . To keep yourself motivated , take pride in sticking to your work habits , rather than looking for immediate results . In time , success will follow . Remember the big picture . The pursuit of any goal will inevitably face a number of obstacles . The difference between those who stand out in the careers and those who blend in lies in what you do when you reach these critical turning points . Do you hesitate and turn back ? Or do you press forward ? When you feel frustrated , depressed , or disappointed , do n't give up -- just get some perspective . I have a mental reminder that helps me push past these hurdles . I hold my pen up to my eye and stare directly down the barrel . Then , I pull it away and look at it in its entirety . It 's a quick way to remind myself to look at my life in the same way . Stop fixating on the here and now , and think about the big picture . Today 's challenges may not make sense , but you must have faith that over the long-term , they will be nothing more than blips on the radar screen . Having this perspective and faith will help you press forward at the moments when others turn back . Contrary to popular belief , people who have reached the highest levels in their careers are n't necessarily better educated , more talented or better connected . Neither are they simply more motivated or harder workers . Rather , successful people have realized that getting to the top means that they first have to do the things that they do n't want to do related to their goals . It 's not about enjoying self discipline -- it 's about adopting a few new ways of thinking that simply make discipline easier to endure . And when you develop the habit of doing things that others wo n't do , you 're putting yourself on the fast track to the route to the top . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rory Vaden .	Successful people consistently do the things that others are n't willing to do , says Rory Vaden If you feel yourself putting something off because you 're afraid , do it anyway , he says Vaden argues that we must stop fixating on the here and now , and think about the big picture
CNN  -- Beatles star Paul McCartney became the latest high-profile figure to sign a letter calling on Scottish voters to choose to remain part of the United Kingdom in a vote on independence next month . Other famous signatories to the so-called "  Letter to Scotland , " organized by the Let 's Stay Together campaign , include Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger , physicist Stephen Hawking , actress Dame Judi Dench and celebrity TV producer Simon Cowell . The campaign describes itself as a UK-wide effort giving a voice to "  everyone who does n't have a vote in the decision to break up Britain . " Anyone living in Scotland who is aged 16 and over on September 18 will be able to vote in the referendum . However , Scots living outside Scotland do n't have a vote , nor do the residents of England , Wales and Northern Ireland . Scotland has been part of the United Kingdom for more than 300 years . McCartney added his name to the open letter while the campaign was canvassing for support in Liverpool . National treasure Addressed to the voters of Scotland , the letter reads : "  The decision on whether to leave our shared country is , of course , absolutely yours alone . "  Nevertheless , that decision will have a huge effect on all of us in the rest of the United Kingdom . "  We want to let you know how very much we value our bonds of citizenship with you , and to express our hope that you will vote to renew them . "  What unites us is much greater than what divides us . Let 's stay together . " "  We are absolutely delighted to be able to have Sir Paul 's support for Let 's Stay Together , as he is not only a national treasure but somebody who loves Scotland for what it is : a beautiful and inspiring country , and one that we are proud to count as part of the United Kingdom , " a post on the Let 's Stay Together blog said . McCartney , who owns a farm in Scotland , co-wrote the hit song "  Mull of Kintyre " there in 1977 with his band Wings , formed after the Beatles split . ` Bad for business ' On Wednesday , more than 120 business leaders , employing 50,000 people in Scotland , published an open letter in The Scotsman newspaper in which they said the "  business case " for separation had not been made . "  Uncertainty surrounds a number of vital issues including currency , regulation , tax , pensions , EU membership and support for our exports around the world ; and uncertainty is bad for business , " it said . Prime Minister David Cameron backed their appeal in a speech Thursday to business leaders in Glasgow . "  Scottish businesses deserve the security and opportunities a United Kingdom brings , " he said on Twitter . The "  Yes " campaign , led by the Scottish National Party , has its own celebrity backers who are calling for independence , such as Sean Connery and fellow Scottish actors Brian Cox and Alan Cumming , and comedian Frankie Boyle . Scotland 's First Minister and SNP leader Alec Salmond has been a vocal proponent of independence . The Scottish government , led by the Scottish National Party , says this is a "  once-in-a-generation opportunity " for Scotland 's people to take control of the decisions that affect them most . Scotland independence debate heats up ahead of referendum	Paul McCartney signs an open letter urging Scotland to stick with the United Kingdom "  We want to let you know how very much we value our bonds of citizenship , " the letter says Scotland is holding a referendum on independence on September 18 Anyone over 16 living in Scotland has a vote , but residents of other UK countries do not
Nailah Winkfield does n't know what a new court-appointed independent doctor will say about her daughter , who was declared brain dead after tonsil surgery this month . But she has no doubt about one thing : her plan to keep fighting for her daughter to stay on life support . "  I 'm her mother . I 'm going to support her . It 's my job to do it . Any mother would do it , " Winkfield said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's The Lead on Monday . "  I just want her to have more time . There are so many stories of people waking up in her situation . " Doctors at Children 's Hospital & Research Center in Oakland , California , have said 13-year-old Jahi McMath is brain dead and wo n't wake up . "  We have the deepest sympathy for Jahi 's mother , who wishes her daughter was alive ; but the ventilator can not reverse the brain death that has occurred and it would be wrong to give false hope that Jahi will ever come back to life , " Dr. David Durand , the hospital 's chief of pediatrics , said in a statement on Monday . McMath was declared brain dead December 12 , three days after the surgery . The case has drawn national attention and sparked protests from some local leaders who say the hospital should have provided better care . On Monday , a judge appointed Dr. Paul Fisher , chief of pediatric neurology at Stanford Children 's Hospital , to evaluate McMath . Fisher is expected to testify on the case in a closed hearing Tuesday , according to court documents . Alameda Superior Court Judge Evelio Grillo also ruled that the hospital must hold off on any decisions regarding discontinuing life support until December 30 . And he encouraged both sides to work together . "  This is a very , very charged case . The stakes are very high . There is a young girl involved , and I think it would suit both parties well if you would speak with each other about how we are going to get through the next few days , " Grillo said . Ultimately , the fight pits the family 's faith against what the hospital calls false hope . Winkfield told CNN Monday that she 's seen recent improvements in her daughter 's condition . A hospital monitor suggests her daughter is trying to breathe on her own , she said . "  They told me without your brain , you ca n't take your own breath , " Winkfield said . "  Well , she 's trying , so that means something 's working . " Winkfield said the memory of watching her daughter bleeding profusely after the surgery remains seared in her mind . The hospital has n't done enough to explain to her what went wrong , she said . "  They have not given me a reason yet of why she went into cardiac arrest . They have n't even given me a reason for her bleeding . They have n't given me a reason that they could n't stop the bleeding , " she said . "  The only thing they keep pushing for me is to get her off their ventilator . " Durand said Monday that hospital officials are looking into the matter and are "  committed to learning what led to this catastrophic outcome . " "  We are sorry that Jahi McMath suffered tragic complications from her complex surgery , " he said . "  Our hearts go out to the grieving family and community about this sad situation . We look forward to the independent expert 's evaluation of the patient . " Douglas Straus , an attorney for the hospital , told the judge that McMath could n't be brought back to life . "  This is obviously a tragic situation , " he said . "  A young lady has died and no one takes that in a callous or uncaring manner , but she is dead . " Winkfield , meanwhile , said she still has faith . "  I will not stop fighting for Jahi , because , like I said , I see signs of improvement , " she said . "  I really feel that my child needs time to heal . "	"  I just want her to have more time , " Jahi McMath 's mom says The 13-year-old is on life support after tonsil surgery An independent , court-appointed doctor will evaluate her Doctors declared her brain dead three days after operation
CNN  -- HTC 's new flagship smartphone , the One , is an impressive bit of hardware and a big step forward for the company in three significant ways . The One is a top-notch , beautifully designed handset packed with the best specs and a ton of compelling features . It also runs a unique , fresh take on Google 's Android operating system . And it 's available in exactly the same configuration across the three major U.S. carriers . This is the phone that could close the gap between HTC 's flagship and those from Apple and Samsung . We spent a couple of hours with the One before its big unveiling in New York today , and were thoroughly impressed by the luxurious materials used on the handset , the expert build quality holding it all together , and a slew of thoughtfully crafted software features . Although the phone carries the branding established last year with the One X , One S , and other HTC phones , the One amounts to a reboot of the company 's vision for Android . The One X , HTC 's previous flagship , won critical praise , but as an AT&T exclusive it failed to generate the sales the company had hoped for . "  We think about the One X and we think ` Wow , it was big , and it was one of the best phones we 've ever done , ' " Scott Croyle , HTC 's vice president of design , said . "  But if I were to compare it to , say , other stuff that was out there , I would n't say it was a step-change different . " The company set out to build a phone that could surpass , not just meet , the performance and quality of the Apple iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy SIII . So it put a huge effort into nailing the Sense user interface , packing the phone with the best tech and broadening its reach across carriers . Sense 4 , the previous generation of HTC 's Android customization , has been thrown out . Every aspect of Sense has been rethought and redesigned . The result is a slick , clean user interface , full of artful icons that match the flat , understated look Google has been trying to push with its own stock version of Android . And there 's a focus in the new Sense on making things that users commonly do easier and more intuitive -- such as sifting through social media and news apps , or snapping photos and video . "  I think we came to this recognition that , ` Wow , there are these two other companies that are going to spend a lot more money than HTC , ' " Croyle said . "  This is the reality of the business . They have much deeper pockets and they can carpet bomb the industry and they have a tremendous amount of inertia there , particularly with Apple in the U.S. So , for the One , we really had to get it right , we really had to just go for it . " While it 's easy to see the chamfered edges found on the One and think of the iPhone 5 , the One is far from a copycat product . It has a massive -- and gorgeous -- 4.7-inch 1080p display with a pixel density of 468 pixels per inch . As with nearly every flagship phone out there nowadays , pixels are indiscernible on the One 's generous display . Colors look vivid and crisp as well . The touchscreen dominates the front of the One , with aluminum capping each end . Rows of pinholes are machined into each strip of aluminum , serving as pathways for sound coming from a set of dual front-facing speakers . Every phone speaker we 've ever heard has sounded like hell . While the One wo n't replace your Jambox anytime soon , its onboard speakers sound immensely better than anything we 've heard from a phone . Inside , the One features a 1.7 GHz , quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU , 2GB of RAM , and NFC chip , Bluetooth 4.0 and connectivity to both HSPA and LTE networks . Everything is packed into a sleek , aluminum unibody -- shipping in either silver or black -- that features a subtly curved back with inlaid antennas . The One weighs 5.04 ounces , and is just 0.36 inches thick . The One will also sports a beefed up camera , with a ton of photo and video features -- which are so plentiful we 've written a separate story focusing on the One 's camera . Along with all new hardware , HTC is using the One to introduce an all new take on Android . Sense 4 , HTC 's last skin , was among the best versions of Google 's mobile OS thanks to its simplicity and gimmick-free implementation . The latest version -- now just called Sense -- brings users from a lock screen to a new Flipboard-like app called BlinkFeed , which displays a feed of information , stories , photos and video from various sources of your choosing . HTC has worked in integration with a few news outlets , so news stories by topic or by outlet can show up in your BlinkFeed . And the app can be connected to Twitter , Facebook , Flickr and other social networks as well . See a news story you 're interested in reading ? Just tap the tile in your feed and you 're taken to a view that shows the story and its accompanying artwork in a presentation that makes reading clean and easy -- again , very much like Flipboard , Pocket , Pulse and other "  read it later " services . Tap a tweet or post from Facebook you 'll be launched into that corresponding social network 's Android app . You can even set up BlinkFeed to pipe in your photos and videos . Everything is displayed in reverse chronological order , just like your Twitter timeline , Facebook feed and everything else that 's sorted online . While BlinkFeed is a pre-installed app , it 's also the default view any One user will see once they unlock their phone . If you want to get to a traditional Android homescreen view -- with apps , widgets and folders of apps -- just swipe in from the right on BlinkFeed and Android as you know it will appear . "  If you want regular Android , it 's there , " Croyle said . "  But , everybody 's snacking on information , whether it 's from their social networks or some news source that they 're just interested in . So -LSB- BlinkFeed -RSB- really is geared around that recognition of how people are actually using their phones . " AT&T , Sprint and T-Mobile will sell the One , along with many smaller regional telecom companies . The significance of this ca n't be overstated . Currently , only Apple 's iPhone and Samsung 's Galaxy S III are offered as widely . The iPhone is sold through AT&T , Sprint and Verizion -- and it 's on it 's way to T-Mobile . The S III is sold by all four of the nation 's top carriers . All too often , a great phone , like last year 's One X , was confined to a limited audience due to carriers wanting exclusive rights to phones . The fact that the One is joining it 's biggest rivals in a new paradigm that bucks the idea of exclusive phones is a good thing for HTC -- because they get to sell their best device in more places -- and consumers -- because you have more choice when you go to buy your next phone . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	HTC 's One phone could be the one that closes the gap with Apple and Samsung The One , unveiled Tuesday , has a massive 4.7-inch touchscreen display It 's camera ignores sometimes-meaningless megapixel count for "  UltraPixels " The One will be available on AT&T , T-Mobile and Sprint
A fraternity at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is being investigated on suspicion that members put "  date rape " drugs into drinks served at a party , according to search warrants issued by campus police . Police started investigating after three women and a man were hospitalized after consuming drinks at the September 12 party at the Tau Kappa Epsilon house , the search warrant said . The warrants sought , among other things , drugs that cause loss of memory or "  other intoxicating effects . " One student who went to the hospital told police that "  she had a weird feeling and sensation prior to blacking out which she had never felt before . -LSB- The student -RSB- stated she feels victimized by TKE and that she is sure some sort of drug or other intoxicant was given to her against her will and unbeknownst to her , " according to the warrant . The student said the fraternity had a reputation for putting "  roofies " into women 's drinks but "  she thought it was all in the past , " the warrant stated . Roofies , a street name for Rohypnol , is a tasteless and odorless drug . Alex Baker of the Tau Kappa Epsilon International Fraternity said : " ... These alleged actions do not align with our values of love , charity and esteem . "  We have temporarily suspended the Zeta-Zeta chapter of Tau Kappa Epsilon . We are currently working with university officials and local authorities to ascertain all of the information of the incident . " Schools preach ` enthusiastic ' yes in sex consent education In the search warrants , another woman student said a male poured her a drink and then moved "  the cup under the bar out of sight ; after a few moments the male pulled the cup back on top of the bar and gave her the mixed drink . " She said she blacked out 30 to 45 minutes after consuming the drink , the warrant said . The third female student who went to the hospital said the fraternity sold "  all access " cards that provided women with unlimited drinks . The female student said , "  The cards were only for sale to females ` and you have to be hot ' to get one , " according to the warrant . When asked whether the party was a "  ladies night party , " the student said , "  No . This is how it usually is , girls always get wasted there , " the warrant stated . When police officers went into the fraternity house about 1:30 a.m. on Sepember 13 , they found 42 people in the basement under the legal drinking age of 21 , all with a red or black "  X " marked on their hands , the warrant said . The warrants said fraternity members marked guests ' hands with the X 's but do n't explain what the marks meant . The university suspended the fraternity while the investigation is under way , said Tom Luljak , vice chancellor of university relations and communications . "  We are deeply concerned about these allegations because the safety of our students is our number one priority , " he said . "  Our police are aggressively pursuing this investigation to determine exactly what happened and who may have been involved . " The university noted that no sexual assaults were reported in connection with the party .	Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is investigated 3 women and a man were hospitalized after consuming drinks at a party , police said Woman "  sure some sort of drug or other intoxicant was given to her against her will "
A 20-year-old California man who told authorities he wanted to travel to Syria to join the militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has been arrested , according to federal documents . The detention order said Adam Dandach of Orange County told federal agents he planned to travel to Syria to join ISIS , "  a known terrorist organization , that he would assist ISIS with anything the ISIS asked him to do , and that he believed the killings of U.S. soldiers are justified killings . " ISIS is waging war against the Iraqi government and has taken over several major cities in Iraq . It is seeking to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses portions of Iraq and Syria and has begun imposing Sharia law in the towns it controls . Dandach was charged with two felony counts of making a false statement on a passport application . The criminal complaint said Dandach was arrested July 2 at the Orange County Airport , where he planned to board a flight for Istanbul . He was traveling with a replacement passport that he obtained by saying he 'd accidentally thrown away his original passport , the complaint said . But federal agents discovered Dandach 's mother , Sawsan Ghannoum , had actually taken away his original passport and hidden it to prevent him from taking an overseas trip in December , the complaint said . The detention order said Dandach admitted to his brother that he perjured himself on the passport application . "  Dandach stated that he was more disappointed that he did not get to go to Syria than in getting in trouble with law enforcement , " the detention order said . Dandach is being held in custody until his next court appearance , scheduled for Monday in Santa Ana . CNN made calls to Dandach 's mother , who hung up , and left a voice mail with his brother , Ghassan Ghannoum . A voice mail was also left with his public defender . The voice mails were not returned . In April , a Colorado woman was arrested at the Denver airport and charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , according to court documents . Shannon Maureen Conley , 19 , allegedly told FBI agents before her arrest that she was going to be with a member of ISIS whom she had met through the Internet .	Adam Dandach of Orange County told agents he wanted to join ISIS He was charged with making a false statement on passport application Authorities say he gave false information in applying for a replacement passport
CNN  -- Pablo Sandoval 's record-tying three home runs led the San Francisco Giants to an 8-3 victory over the Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of the World Series . Barry Zito gave up just one run in 52/3 innings to earn the win for San Francisco . He also had a run-scoring single in the fourth inning . Tigers pitching ace Justin Verlander only managed to go four innings , allowing five runs on six hits . Sandoval , who had 12 home runs during the regular season , hit a solo home run in the first and a two-run shot in the third off Verlander . In the fifth , he added another home run off Al Alburquerque . He has six home runs in the postseason . "  In this situation you 're going to face the best . For me I just go in there and do n't thinking too much or try to do too much , get a pitch you can hit , take advantage of the mistakes he be making . That 's a part of my game . " Sandoval said . His manager said Sandoval has been swinging the bat well for weeks . "  He 's been locked in for a while , and the home runs , really where he hit them , too , it 's not easy to hit them where he hit them , " Giants skipper Bruce Bochy said . Three other players have homered three times in one World Series game . Babe Ruth did it twice , and Reggie Jackson also achieved the feat . Last year , St. Louis Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols had three home runs in Game 3 . Sandoval broke his bat on his third home run . "  I used that bat all postseason , " he said , adding he was n't very superstitious . "  There 's more bats in there to swing . It 's not the bat . It 's you . It 's everything you 've got inside you . If you have faith , you have to believe in yourself . " He also singled in the bottom of the seventh . "  I think you start with giving the Giant hitters credit , " Tigers manager Jim Leyland said . "  They did a good job . They 're very pesky , and obviously the big guy had one of those unbelievable nights that happens once in a while in a World Series . What a night for him . " The Giants led 8-1 going into the top of the ninth before the Tigers ' Jhonny Peralta hit a two-run homer off George Kontos . Marco Scutaro had two RBI singles for the Giants , who will host Game 2 at 8:07 p.m. ET Thursday . Doug Fister is scheduled to be the starting pitcher for Detroit , facing off against San Francisco 's Madison Bumgarner .	Giants take a 1-0 lead in World Series with 8-3 win Pablo Sandoval hit home runs in his first three at-bats He tied Babe Ruth , Reggie Jackson and Albert Pujols for most in one Series game Sandoval 's homers helped San Francisco take a 6-0 lead through five innings
CNN  -- The Toyota-owned Fuji International Speedway circuit will stop hosting the Japanese Grand Prix from next year -- the track operators have announced . The Toyota-owned Fuji circuit will not be hosting the Japanese Grand Prix due to financial concerns . Fuji Speedway hosted the Formula One race in 2007 and 2008 . The race is set to return to the Honda-owned Suzuka circuit this year , and was due back at Fuji for the 2010 race -- as the 16th leg of the 18-race Formula One series . The two venues were originally due to alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix but , due to the current downturn in the global economy , Fuji Speedway have confirmed they will no longer host the event . Fuji Speedway opened in 1965 . It staged F1 races in 1976 and in 1977 , when a spectator and steward died after a Ferrari driven by Gilles Villeneuve ploughed into the crowd . "  We decided it would be extremely difficult to continue holding the F1 Japanese Grand Prix in view of sharply deteriorating business conditions and few signs of a rapid economic recovery , " Fuji International Speedway said in a statement . "  I apologize deeply for being unable to live up to expectations . It is truly heartbreaking , " Hiroaki Kato , president of the the company that runs the circuit , told reporters . Kato said the economic downturn was causing a dramatic fall in the number of people attending motor sports events as the world 's second-largest economy struggles through its worst recession since World War II . "  We are afraid that unless we circuit operators and promoters grit our teeth and support domestic motorsports , it will not be able to keep on going , " he added . Toyota 's decision to pull outcomes as the global economic crisis forces Japanese automakers to slash costs . Honda has sold its Formula One team while Suzuki and Subaru have withdrawn from the world rally championship . Motorcycle maker Kawasaki has exited the MotoGP and Mitsubishi is quitting the Dakar Rally despite a dozen victories . Toyota overtook American rival General Motors in 2008 as the world 's top selling automaker but fell into the red for the first time in the year to March with a net loss of 436.9 billion yen  $ 4.6 billion  . It expects a bigger net loss of 550 billion yen this year .	Fuji International Speedway circuit will stop hosting the Japanese Grand Prix The Toyota-owned track staged the Formula One race in both 2007 and 2008 Suzuka will stage the race this year but it was due to return to Fuji in 2010
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Male singers regularly photographed wearing a hat are usually covering up a receding hairline . Jason Aldean has had six Top 10 country singles . His new album , "  Wide Open , " is just out . But not Jason Aldean . He has a full head of hair , and wears a cowboy hat to signify his commitment to country music . The same is true for his well-fitting jeans and cowboy boots . It 's a formula that seems to be working . The 32-year-old rising star has just notched his sixth Top 10 country single with "  She 's Country , " the lead track off his third CD , "  Wide Open "  Broken Bow  . We caught up with the Georgia native in his dressing room before a recent sold-out show at the House of Blues in Los Angeles , California . The following is an edited version of the interview . Jason Aldean : Definitely a cowboy hat in L.A. makes you stand out a little bit . CNN : It 's a fashion statement in L.A. Aldean : It is ! You 've got to wear it with confidence , too . Watch Aldean talk about his new album " CNN : Are you nervous about your new album ? Aldean : I would n't say I 'm nervous . If you have an album that you 're kind of on the fence about , then yeah , you would be kind of a little nervous . CNN : Have you ever had one of those -- or if you had , would you admit it ? Aldean : When we went in to record the second album  2007 's "  Relentless , " which went gold  , I think it was a good album , but I felt like I was under a lot of pressure recording that album -- more than the other two . You hear people talking about the sophomore slump and all that stuff , and so I think all that stuff sort of got to me after a while . Combined with being on the road 200 to 250 days -LSB- a year -RSB- , I just did n't have that much fun recording it . I was exhausted . And so going into this third album , I just feel like mentally , I was back in the right place . CNN : As an artist , do you ever really think you got it right ? Aldean : If at any point you 're recording an album and you think it 's the greatest thing that you 've ever done , and you 'll never be able to top it , then you should probably quit . Michael Jackson -- he made "  Thriller , " so I can see why he might have said , "  I 'm done . " But even he kept making records . CNN : Were you a Michael Jackson fan growing up ? Did you moonwalk as a kid ? Aldean : Of course ! I had my glove and everything . Used to wet my hair so it looked like a Jheri curl .  Cracks up CNN : Who else did you listen to as a kid ? Aldean : Guns N ' Roses -- the '80s rock stuff . Then I was into John Mellencamp , and Bob Seger and a lot of the Southern rock stuff -- the Allman Brothers , Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Marshall Tucker Band . I listened to a lot of different kinds of music . CNN : Are you finding that the economy has affected ticket sales ? Is it harder to sell out shows these days ? Aldean : I think everybody has kind of seen a little bit of a hit . We 're no different . We 've tried to make it more affordable for people to come to a show with lower ticket prices -LSB- most of the time in the $ 20-40 range -RSB- . Maybe go in and play a show for less money than we would normally go in to play a show for , just so people can afford to come out and buy a ticket . I mean , you 're looking at 200 bucks if you 've got a wife and two kids -- and then by the time you come there and buy a couple of T-shirts , or some drinks or whatever , you 're spending three , four hundred dollars , and right now , people are a little hesitant to do that . CNN : What do you consider an expensive ticket ? Aldean : If Elvis was still around , I do n't know if I 'd pay 80 bucks to go see him . I surely would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! CNN : From a financial standpoint , touring is more important to an artist than selling records these days . Aldean : The music industry is so different now than it was even when I hit the scene in 2005 . If you go to Wal-Mart and you want a song , you 've got to buy the whole album for ten bucks -- or you can go to iTunes , and if you want a song , you can pay a dollar to get it . So in return , the record label is going to make less money , which is us making less money to pay them back . The way it works is the record label basically fronts the money for us to record an album . As the money comes back in off of that , they take that and repay the debt that we owe them . So if they 're not making enough to repay that debt , they 're not going to keep us employed on the label for very long . CNN : As an artist , do you worry about that ? Aldean : Oh , absolutely . I think every artist worries about that . As a consumer , I think iTunes is a great thing . As an entertainer , not so much . I would much rather have somebody buy an album as a whole . Bad thing about purchasing singles -- if you have an artist you like and you keep doing that , there 's not going to be music enough for you to go and get , because they 're not going to have a deal anymore . But who knows ? Record labels may one day be out all together , and people may be making their own music and selling it on their Web sites . CNN : That seems to benefit established artists more than up-and-coming ones . Aldean : Radio 's really accepted us , and proven that they 're really going to play my stuff as long as I give them something good to play . Fans are coming out to the show , so I mean what more could I ask for ? My original plan when I got started in this deal was just to be able to make a good living for my family and play music . I 've been able to do that , which is all I 've ever wanted .	Jason Aldean riding high with new hit , "  She 's Country " Georgia native conscious of ticket prices , giving value Aldean : " -LSB- I -RSB- would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! "
CNN  Odin Lloyd , who a jury found was murdered by former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez , carved a reputation as a trophy-accumulating athlete with a mischievous streak , according to relatives . Lloyd , 27 , found ways to keep smiling outside the family home in Boston 's largest and most diverse neighborhood , Dorchester . "  He was always a class clown , " his sister , Olivia Thibou , told CNN affiliate WHDH . "  Everyone knew him to always make jokes , to laugh . " "  Anybody who knows my brother would say that he 's just a funny guy , " she said . "  He 's very respectful . He never really disrespected anybody . " Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder charge in Lloyd 's death . Prosecutors told the jury that Hernandez orchestrated and covered up the killing of Lloyd , a former friend . Hernandez 's attorney , James Sultan , told jurors that Hernandez "  witnessed " Lloyd 's killing , "  committed by somebody he knew , " and that the former NFL player "  really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another " and moved on with his life . Two other men who were drug dealers allegedly killed Lloyd , Sultan told the jury . Lloyd , who was working for a landscaping firm , also played football for the Boston Bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winners of four championships in the New England Football League , the team 's website says . The team 's Facebook page features several photos of Lloyd and lists him as an outside linebacker with jersey number 53 . Lloyd 's family home features his trophies in baseball and basketball , as well as football . One trophy said "  MVP , " most valuable player . They were all on display on the family 's front porch during news conferences when the family pressed investigators to find out who killed him . Lloyd 's body was found riddled with gunshot wounds on June 17 , 2013 , in a secluded area of an industrial park near Hernandez 's house , authorities said . A jogger discovered the body . Investigators later found five shell casings at the scene . Inside Lloyd 's pocket , authorities said , they found a wallet and keys to a car that Hernandez had rented . Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiance , Thibou told CNN . Her brother and Hernandez went to a Boston nightclub together a few days before his death , she said .	Odin Lloyd played linebacker for the Boston Bandits , the city 's oldest semi-pro team A jury on Wednesday found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder in Lloyd 's shooting
A combination of hard work , raw talent and destiny took an impoverished Elvis Presley from a two-bedroom Tupelo , Mississippi , home , transformed him into a international icon and left his legacy at Graceland in Memphis , Tennessee . Graceland is the second-most-visited home in the United States after the White House . But Presley , who never forgot his humble beginnings , is also celebrated in Tupelo , where the Elvis Presley Birthplace Museum opened in 1992 . The museum draws from 75,000 to 80,000 people each year to its exhibits , the house where Elvis was born and the church where he first sang gospel music . Tupelo will kick off this year 's Elvis Week with Fan Appreciation Day on August 10 , and Ben Portsmouth , last year 's Elvis Ultimate Tribute Artist winner , will perform during the evening . Elvis week continues at Graceland from August 11 to 17 , with daily events including a Memphis music tour , Elvis movie screenings , memorial services and concerts .	Elvis Week coincides with the anniversary of Elvis Presley 's death on August 16 , 1977 The week kicks off in Tupelo , Mississippi , where the singer was born Elvis ' Memphis home , Graceland , will fete the late artist with daily events August 11 to 17
CNN  -- "  The International Olympic Committee has the honor of announcing that the 23rd Winter Olympic Games in 2018 are awarded to the city of Pyeongchang . " The date was July 6 , 2011 . The speaker was International Olympic Committee  IOC  President Jacques Rogge . It might have been third time lucky for the South Korean city , having lost narrowly to Vancouver in 2010 and Sochi in 2014 , but the name of Pyeongchang probably had many of us reaching for an atlas . Important point : it should not be confused with Pyongyang , the North Korean capital . ` Korea 's Alps ' Located approximately 113 miles  182 kilometers  southeast of Seoul , in the spectacular southern part of Gangwon Province , Pyeongchang sits at 700 meters above sea level in one of the most rugged , mountainous regions of the country , an area often referred to as "  Korea 's Alps . " It seems like a reasonable choice . South Korea also has previous Olympic form -- though admittedly of the summer variety  Seoul 1988  . It 's also arguably a less puzzling choice than Sochi , a crumbling Soviet-era beach resort on the Black Sea coast -- ironically one of the few places in Russia where snow is actually scarce . The looming Caucasus Mountains nearby were not exactly known for snow sports either , so virtually everything -- from competition venues to road and rail links -- had to be built from scratch . 15 top Sochi moments Yet the Sochi games went reasonably well -- from a sporting perspective at least . The action was at times exhilarating , visitors overcame hotel horror stories , and the security threat from extremists never materialized . Yet critics will point to the $ 50 billion price tag -- the largest ever for a summer or winter Olympic Games -- and protests against Russia 's human rights record and its stance on gay rights . The sight of the Pussy Riot punk group being attacked with whips and teargas by Cossack militia making headlines across the world would have made President Vladimir Putin wince . ` Flat-pack ' games The 24th Winter Olympic Games promises to be much less controversial . It also wo n't have Sochi 's "  flat-pack " construction feel as Pyeongchang already boasts established infrastructure , with six major ski resorts , including Alpensia , Pheonix Park and High1 , making it one of the country 's top skiing and snowboarding destinations . Pyeongchang was also the site of South Korea 's first official ski resort in 1975 . Russia 's Sochi gold rush - paradise lost , or found ? Seven of the 13 competition venues required by the IOC , including those for cross-country skiing , ski jumping and biathlon , are already in place , while snow is less likely to be concern as the region typically experiences heavy winter snowfall -- something that organizers in Sochi and Vancouver could not be as confident about . Unseasonably mild temperatures bedeviled the Canadian host city in 2010 , disrupting many of the ski events . Fearing similar problems , organizers at Sochi stockpiled huge amounts of snow from the previous season . Olympic legacy Yet the South Korean government wo n't be sitting on their hands either , as it seeks to turn this area into a world-class winter sports destination well beyond 2018 . It currently takes more than three hours by road from Seoul to reach Pyeongchang -- a journey that will shorten to just 50 minutes when a new high-speed rail network opens in 2017 . Last month , the South Korean government unveiled a comprehensive plan to develop the city and the surrounding areas in Gangwon Province . Designating the region of some 27.4 square kilometers as a special district , the government announced plans to invest 3.3 trillion won  US$ 3.1 billion  by 2032 to turn it into "  a mecca of winter sports and a major tourist destination , " according to the prime minister 's office . Most of this investment will be made by 2018 to host a successful Winter Games , it added . Stressing the importance of preventing any waste of resources after hosting international events , Prime Minister Chung Hong-won told the Yonhap news agency : "  The plan  should be aimed at a continued regional development after a successful hosting of the Pyeongchang Olympics . " Pyeonchang 's 2018 destiny was never really in doubt , as it won the right to become the first Asian city outside Japan to host the Winter Olympics . It comfortably beat off the challenge of two other bid cities : Munich in Germany , and Annecy in France . Had it won , Munich would have been the first city to host both the Summer and Winter Olympics . The city attracted the Summer Games in 1972 . Annecy , meanwhile , met with many difficulties in its bid for the 2018 nomination , including a small budget and change in leadership on the bid committee .	Third time lucky for Pyeongchang , which lost out to Vancouver in 2010 and Sochi in 2014 Located southeast of Seoul in an area known as "  Korea 's Alps " Many of the required venues already in place as Pyeongchang is an established destination Government plans to invest heavily in region , including high-speed rail link with capital
In Wimbledon 's second week , tennis seems to be all over the place , even in the sewer . On Thursday , engineers arrived in the English town of Melton Mowbray to unclog a blocked sewer intake that was causing floods in the area . The root of the problem left experts puzzled , according to BBC News . Piled up in a grate , under a layer of waste , were hundreds of tennis balls . "  We expect sewers to get blocked with fats or baby wipes , " said sewerage network manager Scott Burgin to the BBC . "  But not tennis balls . " Staff from the Severn Trent Water firm were dispatched to clear the blockage , using both shovels and their hands . But if history is any indicator of what is to come , they will soon be back . "  How on Earth people have managed to flush quite so many  balls  , I do n't know , but this is just one example of amazing things we find blocking the sewers , " Burgin said . According to The Independent , the list is nothing short of "  staggering . " Perhaps the most ironic denizen of the British sewers was a large Pooh , a stuffed Winnie the Pooh teddy bear , that is . Pooh 's subterranean counterparts found blocking drains and manholes include a pair of trousers , a snake , a traffic cone , a tractor tire , a still-functional clothing iron , a live badger , a mattress and a fully grown dead cow , The Independent reported . These drains are not large , either . "  The wastewater drain which runs from your house to the public sewer is usually only about four inches wide , which is less than the diameter of a DVD , " Chris Wallace , director of communications at Scottish Water , told The Independent . According to the BBC , Severn Trent Water said around 75 % of sewer blockages stem from foreign objects  see : Winnie the Pooh , hundreds of tennis balls  introduced into the system .	Tennis balls cause sewer blockage , flooding Sizable Pooh teddy bear , among others , also clog sewers 75 % of UK sewer blockages are caused by foreign objects
CNN  -- Just another big name for Zach Galifianakis and his comic Web series , "  Between Two Ferns . " In March , the actor and comedian had on President Barack Obama . Thursday , the guest was Brad Pitt . In classic "  Between Two Ferns " style -- that is , the style of an early - '80s public access show -- Galifianakis made Pitt awkward from the beginning . The "  Fury " actor was introduced as "  Bradley Pitts "  and ID ` ed as "  Bart Pit " from "  12 Years a Salve "  and immediately asked how old he was when he lost his virginity and why he does n't shower . Pitt accepted most of the insults with a blank good nature , even when Galifianakis called his new movie "  Furry . " At one point , Galifianakis brought him a tightly wrapped gift that looked suspiciously like a bong . "  It 's a bassoon , " said Galifianakis . "  You know I 'm a dad now , " Pitt responded . "  We do n't ` bassoon ' in my house anymore . " Published Wednesday to comedy site Funny or Die , the clip had 3 million views by late Thursday afternoon . Things turned ugly when Galifianakis asked Pitt about the focus on his looks and how it distracts people from realizing "  that you 're just a sh *** y actor . " Pitt 's reaction was full of , um , spit and vinegar . The actor did get a chance to put in a plug for Make It Right , his charity . But he was quickly interrupted by Galifianakis , who ushered comedian Louis C.K. onstage for a cameo standup routine .	Brad Pitt is latest guest on comic Web series "  Between Two Ferns " Host Zach Galifianakis asks him several insulting questions Pitt did get a gift -- an , er . . "  bassoon " Galifianakis ' last guest was Barack Obama
CNN  -- Feet stumbling in the pitch darkness over the uneven ground we make our way with a group of women to one of the bathrooms in the Zaatari camp . "  There is no light , if we come in here there could be a guy hiding or something . " one woman says . None of them want to be identified . They carry fear of the regime with them , even as they seek refuge across the border in Jordan . But "  safety " is a relative term . For Syria 's female refugee population , it has meant trading fear of death in their homeland for fear of something many consider to be worse : rape . There have been various stories of sexual harassment and rape in Zaatari camp -- teeming with masses who continue to stream across the border . This dark underbelly of crisis has led to a disturbing growing phenomenon : "  sutra " marriages , or marriages for protection . Families who feel like they are unable to safeguard their female family members , their daughters , are marrying them off to protect them . In a culture where conserving honor is central , everyone says they had no other choice . In one trailer we meet 13-year-old Najwa . She curls back in the corner next to her husband , 19-year-old Khaled , and her mother , hardly saying a word . Najwa is the youngest of three , her two older sisters in their late teens are also recently married . "  I swear I was n't able to sleep , I was afraid for the girls . " Her mother tells us . "  I swear to God , I would not have let her get married this young if we were still in Syria . " "  There were rapes , " Khaled adds . We approach the culturally delicate subject of sex with a vaguely worded question about the age difference and plans for children . "  It 's okay , I do not want children now , " Khaled says . "  I will make it up to her , I will make up for not having a  wedding  party . " Ruwaida dresses brides inside Zaatari -- a business she had back home in Syria . She says that marriage at 13 was rare in Syria , but here she sees it more and more frequently . Across the board , even for what should be a joyous occasion there is always sorrow . When the brides are children themselves , it 's even worse . "  I feel like I have a child between my hands and she is having to take on a responsibility bigger than she is . " Ruwaida says . "  I feel like her life is over , her life is ending early . " The same fears exist for those families living outside the camp . On a tour with the Syrian American Medical Society  SAMS  we meet 14-year-old Eman . She has such a sweet young face , flushed with exhaustion as she cradles her baby . "  I would n't have gotten married , it 's because of the situation . " She speaks softly , her eyes filled with regret and pain well beyond her years . "  I told my son not to consummate the marriage , but he did n't listen , " her mother-in-law whispers . She too was wed for protection . More : Forced to marry at age 14 Farrah Sukkar , herself a Syrian refugee and SAMS volunteer , estimates there has been an increase of 60 % in young teen marriages . The added worry not just because of the young age of the girls , but medical as well . Many are having children before their own bodies are fully developed . The SAMS team goes house to house in Amman and other areas of Jordan trying to determine what aid refugees need , but also to pinpoint vulnerable cases . One woman we meet has 13 children . Two of her daughters are teenagers and she 's so afraid of leaving them at home alone that she has n't been able to leave the house to vaccinate her baby . Despite their best efforts , Syria 's neighbours like Jordan ca n't handle the influx of refugees . Aid organizations are running out of funding . More : Saying no to child marriage Predators also lurk in areas where refugees are known to gather looking for humanitarian aid . Their desperation is palpable , with aid agencies both local and international unable to meet the needs , and they will latch on to anyone who promises help . Mariam and her 10-year-old daughter were at a hospital providing free care for refugees when she overheard a man on the phone talking about free housing for refugees . She and the other women there clamored around him , thinking their prayers had been answered . The man loaded three cars with women , including Mariam and her daughter . She quickly felt that something was wrong . At their destination , a house in the city of Zarqa , a 45-minute drive from the capital , she refused to enter . Another man came out , and pointing to her , told the driver , she recalls him saying : "  Why did you bring me this one ? You brought me an old lady . Then he pointed to the other ladies and asked , ` are you married ? ' " Mariam began to feel increasingly terrified as she began to piece together exactly what this house was and asked the man for a glass of water , leaving her alone on the patio . She peered through the window . "  All the girls were scantily dressed . " She remembers , her hands twisting nervously . "  And I saw two men come in and pick two girls and walk out . " Horrified , she managed to flee with her daughter and the other women with her . The international community may be unwilling or unable to end the conflict in Syria . But there is a solution to preventing the exploitation of the Syrian female refugee population : more aid . "  We left Syria to escape death and we found something worse than death " Mariam says , hugging her daughter close . "  If we had stayed in Syria to die it would have been more honorable . There death is fast , here it is slow . " More : Child bride : ' I was sold for $ 1,000 How to help : Combat child marriage and barriers to education	Syria refugee crisis has led to growing phenomenon : marriages for protection Various stories of sexual harassment and rape in one camp in Jordan Families unable to safeguard daughters marry them off to protect them Syria 's neighbours like Jordan ca n't handle the influx of refugee
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A series of explosions rocked central Kabul early Monday , the day after Afghan security forces said they repulsed a wave of insurgent attacks in the capital and three other provinces . The explosions persisted for some time , and followed periodic gunfire that lasted well into Sunday night in the Kabul district that houses government offices and allied embassies . There was no immediate explanation , but Afghan authorities had said late Sunday that they were trying to dislodge insurgents holed up in an empty building near the headquarters of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Seddiqi said the remaining insurgents "  have no choice except surrendering or to be killed by the Afghan forces . " "  They came today with more than 20 insurgents and suicide bombers and attacked four provinces , " Seddiqi told CNN Sunday . "  As a result , they got nothing , and 19 of them were killed . " The assault was a rare occurrence in a heavily guarded part of Kabul -- but Gen. John Allen , the U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , said the Afghans beat back the insurgents without allied assistance . "  They were on scene immediately , well-led and well-coordinated , " Allen said . "  They integrated their efforts , helped protect their fellow citizens and largely kept the insurgents contained . " He said the attacks were meant to signal "  that legitimate governance and Afghan sovereignty are in peril , " but the Afghan response "  is proof enough of that folly . " Seddiqi said two civilians were killed across the country , and 15 Afghan police officers were wounded . He said 15 of 19 suicide bombers were stopped before they could blow themselves up , with most of them killed by Afghan security forces . And Lutfullah Mashal , a spokesman for the National Directorate of Security , said three men arrested in Kabul confessed to plotting to kill Karim Khalil , Afghanistan 's second vice president . Two of the men planned to blow themselves up in Khalil 's home , Mashal said . The Taliban militia that once ruled most of Afghanistan claimed responsibility for the attacks , saying it launched fighters into battle with suicide vests , RPGs and hand grenades in Kabul and the provinces of Nangarhar , Paktia and Logar . But Mashal said the three men who targeted Khalil confessed to being members of the Haqqani network , a separate insurgent group that sometimes allies itself with the Taliban . In his statement , Allen said , "  No one is underestimating the seriousness of today 's attacks . " But ISAF spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings described himself as "  underwhelmed , " and U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker told CNN , "  The Taliban are very good at issuing statements , less good at fighting . " Crocker told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that no Americans had been hurt , but "  our hearts go out " to the Afghans who had been killed or wounded . He suggested the attacks may be the work of the Haqqani network , rather than the Taliban , saying the Taliban did not have the capacity to carry them out . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said as many as seven locations in Kabul were attacked , including Afghanistan 's parliament building and the American , German and Russian embassies . Seddiqi said the insurgents took up positions in empty buildings in three Kabul districts to carry out the attacks , and still held one as midnight neared Sunday . Kabul police said they found and detonated a van full of explosives . Meanwhile , an airbase used by U.S. troops in the eastern city of Jalalabad , in Naranghar province , also came under attack , the NATO command in Kabul reported . Four suicide bombers wearing women 's burqas tried to attack the Jalalabad airfield where United States troops are based , airfield commander Jahangir Azimi said . At least three of the attackers were killed , ISAF said in a statement about the incident . Separately , a group of suicide bombers attacked the police training center in the city of Gardez , in nearby Paktia province . At least eight civilians were wounded , said a police official at the center , who is not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . And 15 would-be attackers were arrested in Kunduz province plotting similar strikes , said Lal Mohammad Ahmadzai , a spokesman for the chief of police for north and northeast Afghanistan . The Taliban , the Islamist militia that once ruled most of Afghanistan , said the attacks were in retaliation for the killing of 17 Afghan civilians in Kandahar province last month . A U.S. Army staff sergeant , Robert Bales , has been charged with those killings . But Jeff Dressler , an expert on the Haqqani network at the Washington-based Institute for the Study of War , told CNN that the coordination seen in the Kabul attacks indicate a Haqqani-led network was behind them , and that planned but disrupted attacks in the north may also be Haqqani-linked . "  This is likely their unofficial announcement marking the start of the spring fighting season , " Dressler said . Though the attacks did n't succeed , he said , "  The target selection was likely intended to send a message to the U.S. , U.K. , Russia and the Afghans that this will in fact be a bloody year for all forces in Afghanistan , particularly the east of the country . " U.S. Embassy spokesman Gavin Sundwall said he could not confirm that the embassy itself was the target of the attacks , but said gunfire had been heard in the vicinity . In a statement from London , Foreign Secretary William Hague said the British Embassy was one of the targets , but "  every member of Embassy staff is safe . " "  The Afghan National Security Forces responded to the attacks bravely , promptly and effectively , once again illustrating the significant progress that has been made in ensuring that Afghans can look after their own security , " Hague said . The embassy premises sustained "  limited damage , " he said , and its staff "  dealt with this dangerous situation extremely professionally . " India also said it had no reports of its nationals being wounded . A local police official said attackers took over a central Kabul hotel close to the presidential palace , United Nations office and many foreign embassies , but both Seddiqi and staff at the hotel denied it had been attacked . A western official in Kabul later said the hotel had been taken over by insurgents , but was then taken back by Afghan national security forces . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai , Fazal Ahad and Bharati Naik , Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr and Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Doughterty contributed to this report .	A fresh series of explosion rocks Kabul early Monday Kabul attacks look like Haqqani network 's handiwork , U.S. analyst says Afghan VP among the targets of Sunday 's attack , official says NATO commander praises Afghans for handling attacks unaided
CNN  -- A hatchet attack on New York City police officers and two back-to-back attacks on uniformed officers in Canada have raised questions about whether the incidents may have been motivated by the attackers ' alignment with radical Islam . Zale H. Thompson charged at four New York police officers with a metal hatchet Thursday , hitting two of them . The attack is the third on people in uniform in North America in a week . ISIS , the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq , has recently called on sympathizers in the West to carry out attacks against men and women in uniform . The move raised concerns about such attacks in both the United States and Canada . Attacks in Canada Two attackers with some ties to radical Islam , in separate incidents , killed two men in uniform in Canada this week . On Monday , a radical convert ran down two soldiers in his car , killing one of them . Martin Couture-Rouleau , 25 , then led police on a chase before his car rolled into a ditch in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu , a town southeast of Montreal . He exited the car , and police opened fire on him . He died in the confrontation . On Wednesday , radical Islamist convert Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , 32 , shot and killed a soldier , Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , who was standing guard at a veterans memorial in the capital , Ottawa . Bibeau then stormed Parliament and opened fire . Kevin Vickers , sergeant-at-arms of the Canadian Parliament , and police officers fired dozens of rounds , killing Zehaf-Bibeau . No direct connection has been found between any of these men and ISIS , though both Canadian attackers had been caught attempting travel to join jihad . Zehaf-Bibeau had contact with other Canadian Islamists , authorities there have said . Official : New York case does n't appear tied to radical Islam Online postings attributed to Thompson paint a portrait of someone who at the very least held controversial views . For example , in a comment posted last month to an online video discussing a global caliphate , a user with the name Zale Thompson seemed to justify jihad , "  If the Zionists and the Crusaders had never invaded and colonized the Islamic lands after WW1 , then there would be no need for Jihad ! " Thompson , a Muslim convert , was killed during Thursday 's attack . A law enforcement official told CNN on Friday that the case does n't look like one of radical Islam . ISIS has a draw on the disaffected and those who do n't feel at home where they are , said jihad expert Richard Barrett of the Soufan Group . "  The general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in Syria suggests camaraderie , good morale and purposeful activity , all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism , designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem , " he said . And ISIS constantly cranks the PR machine , making expert use of slick videos and social media . ISIS has , for an anti-Western organization , been surprisingly attractive to young male recruits from the West as well as to some young women . More than 100 of the foreign fighters for ISIS in Syria have come from the United States , according to intelligence estimates . Canadian authorities believe that 130 citizens are fighting in jihad . Hundreds more have gone from Europe , which is geographically closer to the fight . British authorities place the number of UK citizens fighting in Syria at 500 . Thousands more come from the Middle East and Africa . More than 3,000 have joined from Tunisia , the largest single contingency . ISIS sympathies ISIS ' global digital reach has terror experts worried about security in the West , especially attacks by lone wolves who may not have any official mission from international terrorists . And incidents have cropped up to support those fears . This week , a video turned up of a 17-year-old Australian boy standing with ISIS fighters and threatening to behead Western leaders , including President Barack Obama , and then to fly the ISIS flag over the White House . And three schoolgirls from Colorado were intercepted last week at an airport in Germany as they traveled to join jihad in Syria . In September , Australian authorities interrupted a plot by ISIS sympathizers to snatch a member of the public , behead him or her and drape an ISIS flag over the corpse . Also last month , a recent convert in Oklahoma is accused of beheading a woman in his workplace after admonishing women there about the way they dressed . The company 's CEO shot Anton Nolen , who survived and was taken to hospital . CNN 's Shimon Procupez , Ed Payne and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : No link seen between assailant and radical Islam , senior law officer says Zale Thompson swung a hatchet at four police officers in Queens , wounding two The other two shot him dead , authorities say
CNN  -- "  Veronica Mars " was canceled after only three seasons in 2007 , leaving fans hungry for some kind of closure . While creator Rob Thomas and Kristen Bell have teased the idea of a "  Veronica Mars " movie in the years since , that possibility seemed to die when the studio passed on the project . But fans -- or "  Marshmallows " as they 're known -- would n't let executives keep their beloved characters from them a second time and saved the project by donating more than $ 5.7 million to a Kickstarter campaign for the film earlier this year , reaching far more than the $ 2 million Warner Bros. required to make the movie .  Time Warner is the parent company of both Warner Bros. and CNN  . "  Veronica Mars " the movie is now in production and will be released in theaters in 2014 . Thomas , Bell and the rest of the cast came to Comic-Con to share never-before-seen footage from the film with fans and backers . In the movie , Veronica returns to her hometown of Neptune , California , for a high school reunion , bringing all the old characters back together . The footage reveals that Veronica is now a lawyer in New York City , outlaw character Weevil  played by Francis Capra  is settled down and married , and Jamie Lee Curtis has a role in the movie . Bell spoke with CNN at the Samsung Galaxy Experience at Comic-Con , where she admitted how much the role of Veronica Mars means to her personally , what to expect on "  House of Lies " season two and that time she and fianc  Dax Shepard were too busy to get married . CNN : How surprised are you by the fact that you are actually making a "  Veronica Mars " movie ? Kristen Bell : At the time  of the Kickstarter campaign  , I thought , "  Of course this is happening . This is what 's supposed to happen . " The farther I get from the date of that occurrence , I start to realize how absolutely farfetched this idea was to throw out into the universe . I start to realize the size of our balls -- what we attempted and thankfully succeeded at having happen . When we were talking about our Kickstarter launch I had no doubt in my mind that we would make our goal because it has been discussed in every interview I 've done since the show was canceled . I was led to believe there was still a good amount of interest , but certainly never in a million years thought we would surpass the goal as much as we did . It was a ballsy response from the fans too , by the way . CNN : It was interesting to see all those Kickstarter backers in the room with you . Is it true when you said some of the creative decisions on the film reflect what you think the fans will want ? Bell : Without question . Rob  Thomas  is one of the best TV writers that 's ever existed . He plays to everyone 's strengths and that includes his audience and himself . He does n't write selfishly . He knows what people want to see and he gives them that . He 's like a really , really , really good father . CNN : Is this film finally going to give you a sense of closure on "  Veronica Mars " ? Bell : No . This could be my whole life . And by the way , what a lucky life it would be if it were . There 's no formula for it , because it just has never been done before . Except -- and I 'm just throwing it out there -- "  Star Trek " did it . They did a TV show and then nine movies . Who knows ? Why ca n't we make a couple films ? Or continue to produce content of "  Veronica Mars " ? It gets tricky because television contracts legally only allow you to do one episode of a different show . They purchase you . I am now the face of "  House of Lies . " So the only way I would be able to reprise Veronica Mars  on TV  is in movie form . CNN : What about if it were on Netflix ? Bell : There are some loopholes that we are already investigating . CNN : When do you start shooting the next season of "  House of Lies " ? Bell : We do n't shoot until October . It premieres in January . We left season two on a real cliffhanger between Don  Cheadle  and my character . I know that they 're currently breaking story lines and everyone 's pitching ideas ; I do n't really have much contribution other than being excited about it . The characters are definitely going to start off with a lot of tension because there were confessions of love at the end of the last episode , which just makes for a really interesting first episode of season three . CNN : When you started working on "  House of Lies " did you find that developing a new TV character was difficult after investing so much in "  Veronica Mars " and that character ? Bell : Yes and it was very challenging as an actress to create someone I would wear so often . A movie is a little bit different . Veronica is pretty similar to who I am -- I 'm not as frustrated as she is , I do n't think . I do n't have as many zingers as she does . I certainly throw them out there , they just do n't land as often as when she says them . It did feel uncomfortable the first few episodes I played Jeannie because I was in a television situation again and I was n't Veronica . I do n't think at the time I identified it as "  I 'm not Veronica , " it just felt new and unexplored . Now I 'm very comfortable with it simply because of the length of time I 've played her . No job I 've ever had has been as big of a deal to my real life as Kristen  as "  Veronica Mars "  . CNN : Has the success of the "  Veronica Mars " movie opened the door for any canceled show to make a comeback ? Bell : I certainly hope so . The way I see it is that Kickstarter is the best example of "  power to the people . " If the people want it , the people can make it . That 's the beauty behind a public funding forum . I hope it opens up a lot of doors for fan bases that do n't feel heard with the content they would like to see , but I do n't think it will put the studio system out of business . I do n't think it 's the end result for everybody , but I really like the fact that the fans are my boss . CNN : Is there a TV show or movie you would support on Kickstarter if one needed it ? Bell : "  The Newsroom . " I will be the first donor . CNN : You and Dax Shepard recently announced on Twitter that you are finally getting married . Can you explain why you wanted to hold out until marriage equality was secured in California ? Bell : I did not feel comfortable taking a right that was denied to some of my best friends . I would want someone to stand up for me if I was denied a right in this country that prides itself on having equal rights for everyone . I believe that gay citizens of this country deserve to share not only the label of marriage but also the rights behind it . There are over 1,100 rights denied to a couple when you ca n't legally get married . I find that to be mind-boggling . Dax and I both very much wanted to wait because if we did do something for our wedding half the people we would be inviting could n't celebrate the same right . But when we had a baby it became clear as to why we 're fighting for this right , because we do n't have some rights in regard to the baby that married couples do . I choose to be on the right side of history and I know in my heart that  equality  is what 's right . CNN : When will you actually get married ? Bell : I do n't know . We almost did it on the day  of the Supreme Court decision  out of principle but we were both busy . We do n't really want a wedding , though . It 's too much stress , but we do really want to sign those papers . If anything just for the baby 's sake . CNN : What 's the cutest thing your daughter Lincoln has done ? Bell : Existing ! She 's my best friend . She 's 3 1/2 months . Laying there is extremely cute to me . It 's ecstasy for me .	Kristen Bell visited Comic-Con for "  Veronica Mars " movie Fans raised $ 5.7 to fund the film through Kickstarter "  I like that fans are my boss , " she told CNN
CNN  -- Fifty years ago , we stood at a moral crossroads as a nation . The day was June 11 , 1963 . That morning , then-Gov . George Wallace attempted to block integration of the University of Alabama with his futile "  stand at the schoolhouse door . " Hours later , civil rights leader Medgar Evers would be gunned down in the driveway of his home by a white supremacist . In between , my uncle , President John F. Kennedy , took to the airwaves in a historic televised address on civil rights -- one that would forever change the way our nation perceived the struggle for racial equality . "  We are confronted primarily with a moral issue , " President Kennedy said that night , hours before Evers was killed . "  It is as old as the Scriptures and is as clear as the American Constitution . The heart of the question is whether all Americans are to be afforded equal rights and equal opportunities . " You can listen to his speech here . It was a seminal moment in our history . President Kennedy defined for the nation the struggle for equality not just as a constitutional or legal issue , but as a moral one as well . Five decades later , we 're again at a crossroads as a country . As we mark the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy 's famous speech , the question he asked the American people that evening from the Oval Office remains strikingly relevant -- should n't all Americans be afforded equal rights and equal opportunities ? Sadly , when it comes to the treatment of people with mental illness , addiction and brain injury , equality remains unattained . In America in 2013 , thousands of our fellow citizens are still marginalized . They are still discriminated against . They face stigma every day . Today , too many Americans are told that they 're less entitled to health care than those who have diseases like diabetes or cancer or asthma , just because the origin of their illness is in their brain . Without equality , or parity , insurers can refuse to cover mental illnesses at the same level as other physical illnesses , making it harder for people to get well and often further isolating them in their struggle . Together , we must change that . Eliminating the stigma of mental illness -- and finally achieving parity for its treatment -- is the next chapter in America 's civil rights movement . When I represented Rhode Island in Congress , I fought for the rights of people with mental illness , and was proud to sponsor -- along with my father , Sen. Ted Kennedy -- the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act to provide access to mental health treatment for tens of millions of Americans who previously were denied care . Signed into law by President Bush in 2008 , this landmark legislation requires health insurers that offer coverage for mental illness and substance use disorders to provide those benefits in a no more restrictive way than all other medical and surgical procedures covered by the plan . This was a proud moment for me , but those with mental illnesses are still waiting for some pieces of this law to be implemented . For those with mental illness , this October marks another landmark 50th anniversary -- President Kennedy 's signing into law of the historic Community Mental Health Act . This legislation , and the words he used to describe it , laid the foundation for contemporary mental health policy . These historic dates are important to remember , but as we look back , we are reminded not just of inspiration and achievement , but also where we have fallen short . Because while President Kennedy set us on the right course , the words he used to describe the insufficient attention and resources devoted to mental health in 1963 could still be said today : "  This situation has been tolerated far too long . It has troubled our national conscience -- but only as a problem unpleasant to mention , easy to postpone , and despairing of solution . " He then said , "  The time has come for a bold new approach . " This October , as we mark this important occasion , I am proud to launch the inaugural "  The Kennedy Forum , " an annual event that will serve as a vehicle to honor President Kennedy 's efforts , celebrate the progress made in the past half-century , and rededicate the entire mental health community to further progress . We have to eradicate the stigma of mental illness once and for all , and treat mental illness equal to other physical illnesses , so that all Americans can lead dignified lives and share in the benefits of our society . We are confronted with a moral issue but also a historic opportunity . We have the chance to take action and live up to the principle upon which America was founded : that all people are afforded equal rights and equal opportunities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick J. Kennedy .	50 years ago , President Kennedy defined civil rights and equality as a moral issue Patrick Kennedy : It 's also a moral issue that people with mental illness are treated equally Those with mental illness , brain injuries face stigma and inadequate health care , he says Kennedy : JFK championed helping the mentally ill , it 's time to re-dedicate our efforts
CNN  -- A truck stop is an assault on the senses , especially on a hot summer day . There 's the smell of diesel , the taste of exhaust fumes and the nerve-jangling , ever-present rumble of truck engines -- even when the drivers are asleep . Buck Threehouse , right , explains the BlueCool system to a trucker at a Georgia truck stop . Typically , truckers idle their engines during warm weather while they 're resting , to keep the air conditioning on and the cabs cool . Some truckers use devices that cool cabs without idling . Most of these technologies either use batteries , which eventually wear out and have to be replaced , or fuel , which emits pollution . But Webasto , a company that makes trucking equipment , has found an alternative . "  It 's old technology turned new , " said John Thomas , director of commercial vehicles for Webasto Products , North America . "  Actually , some people call it ` high-tech ice . ' " Webasto calls the system BlueCool . The heart of the system is a 300-pound black box that 's mounted on the truck 's frame rail . As the trucker drives , the system sends refrigerant through a matrix of graphite and a water/glycol mixture inside the box , creating blocks of ice . When the truck is stopped , the driver turns on an air handler that circulates coolant around the ice and blows cold air from the unit into the bunk area of the cab . The fan and circulation pump use only 3.5 to 10 amps from the truck 's battery -- which means there 's no danger of draining the battery , Webasto says . "  When it 's running it does n't have any emissions or use any fuel , " said Thomas . He said BlueCool can maintain a comfortable bunk temperature for up to ten hours . The Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  estimates idling trucks consume nearly one gallon of fuel per hour , while emitting nitrogen oxides and particulates , which contribute to smog . A growing number of states and municipalities forbid trucks from idling for more than a few minutes . The pollution problem prompted Webasto to launch a campaign to raise awareness of the idling issue . It 's called Make A Leap  Leap stands for Lowering Emissions and Particulates  . The campaign 's web site , http://www.makealeap.org/ , is full of sobering state-by-state and national statistics . The site says 7.2 percent of the national daily oil consumption is attributed to heavy-duty truck idling . To decrease that percentage and increase awareness of BlueCool , Webasto hired a trucker named Buck Threehouse to take a BlueCool-equipped truck on a summer publicity tour of truck stops across the country . The tour coincided with spiking fuel prices and appears to have succeeded -- Webasto sold 500 BlueCool units in July , its best month ever . Threehouse said truckers have showed a lot of interest . "  What really sells the item -- they come and the truck 's not idling . And all the trucks around me are idling , " he said . Sometimes , he said , "  they wake me up at 3:00 in the morning and ask me for brochures . They ca n't -LSB- wait until daylight -RSB- , they have to deliver a load . And then they keep apologizing to me for waking me up . " On a hot recent day at a Georgia truck stop , truckers were especially attracted by the prospect of burning less diesel . Mo Ndow , who owns a small fleet of trucks , said , "  Most drivers ... are on the road 100 days a year , so basically the more days you 're out there , the more money you spend trying to stay cool . " Ndow said his truckers currently use IdleAire , an electrical system trucks can plug into for cooling , heating , and other services like the Internet . But IdleAire is available only at a limited number of truck stops , and Ndow said he 's considering BlueCool . Webasto 's Thomas said the installation price of a BlueCool system is approximately $ 5500 . The system pays for itself in less than a year , he said . It sounds like sales hype , but Thomas ' comment is backed up by EPA statistics . The EPA estimates the typical truck idles 2400 hours per year . At $ 4 a gallon , that 's $ 9600 in annual fuel costs .	A company has developed technology that cools truck cabs without engine idling Called BlueCool , the system combines refrigerant and a water/glycol mixture BlueCool does n't have any emissions or use any fuel , spokesman says Some 7 percent of U.S. daily oil consumption is attributed to heavy-duty truck idling
CNN  -- Could we one day live underwater ? Ask Fabien Cousteau -- a month from now . Cousteau , grandson of underwater explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau , is spending the rest of June in Aquarius , the world 's only underwater marine lab , 63 feet beneath the ocean 's surface near Key Largo , Florida . Cousteau and a small team of researchers -- they like the term "  aquanauts " -- will spend the month living together in cramped quarters while studying how climate change and pollution affect ocean life . The monthlong operation is called Mission 31 , named for the number of days they will live underwater . "  I hope this will spawn a new focus on ocean exploration , whether it 's living in a habitat or beyond , " said Cousteau . He 'll be assisted by more than 30 support staff , including filmmakers and researchers from Florida International University , which operates the Aquarius lab . "  It takes 24 people topside just to have six people down below for 31 days , just like NASA does for the International Space Station , " Cousteau said . Some 50 years ago , Jacques Cousteau and a team of underwater researchers lived for a record 30 days in an ocean lab known as Conshelf II at the bottom of the Red Sea . With Mission 31 , Fabien Cousteau hopes to honor his grandfather 's legacy while beating his record by one day . The project also marks the first opportunity for fans to follow an underwater Cousteau expedition in real time . Thanks to Internet connectivity inside Aquarius , Fabien Cousteau hopes to reach millions of people through Skype , Instagram , Twitter chats and classroom sessions via streaming video at mission-31 . com . We had a rare opportunity to visit Cousteau as he was undertaking his mission and get a glimpse of Aquarius , a lab that has been used by NASA astronauts in pre-mission training . The 81-ton lab sits on stilts and resembles some kind of underwater machinery that 's covered with algae , barnacles and other growths . Schools of fish , a stingray , tarpons , a nurse shark and a 300-pound grouper cruise by as we descend the 63 feet to the lab . We enter through something called a moon pool , a small chamber that leads to the entrance of Aquarius . Going quickly from underwater to inside , we begin breathing normal air , but our bodies are still pressurized , so they 're reacting to dive-like conditions underwater . Because of that , our time is limited before we have to go to the surface . At 400 square feet , the lab is the size of a small studio apartment . The air conditioning is broken , and you can feel the humidity . "  You might find this to be a little weird and trippy , but I actually feel at home down here , " Cousteau said upon greeting us . "  It is amazing . I could n't imagine a better house than one under sea . " Looking around , we see packets of dehydrated food and chips , which will feed the crew , who ca n't cook anything . To heat a pan could cause a spark , which is too risky with all the flammable oxygen around . But while the meals are basic , the technology is advanced . The lab and control room are equipped with Wi-Fi , which lets Cousteau use Skype and remain in contact with the world above . There are 4K cameras and dozens of GoPros , along with numerous computers . There 's also a refrigerator and a half-dozen bunk beds . A few personal mementos , like family snapshots , are sprinkled around . There are many things scientists already know about what happens when humans spend a lot of time underwater . Weird things . After about 10 days , for example , you start to lose your sense of taste . Your hair grows faster , your voice is higher -- due to atmospheric pressure -- and for some reason you ca n't whistle  try and you will fail  . After scuba diving for six to eight hours a day , you sleep like a baby . That may be helpful , considering Cousteau 's team is conducting the longest underwater sleep study to date . Their sleep cycles are monitored constantly with smartwatches . While all this research is important , there 's one question that still lingers : What is the point of a mission like this ? Cousteau said it 's about more than just breaking records . "  I hope I am a firestarter , because at the end of the day , who would n't want to be an aquanaut ? " he said . "  I mean , this is just an amazing place . It 's our final frontier . We 've explored less than 5 % of our oceans , so there 's a lot left to do out there . "	Fabien Cousteau is living in a marine lab 63 feet beneath the ocean 's surface near Florida Cousteau is a grandson of underwater explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau Mission 31 is named for the number of days his team will live underwater They will study how climate change and pollution affect ocean life
The Marine Corps is working to determine the authenticity of photos published by TMZ.com that purport to show Marines burning the bodies of what appear to be Iraqi insurgents . The celebrity and gossip website said it has 41 photographs believed shot in Falluja in 2004 . It published eight on Wednesday , saying the rest of the images were too graphic . "  The actions depicted in these photos are not what we expect from our service members , nor do they represent the honorable and professional service of the more than 2.5 million Americans who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan , " the Defense Department said . "  The Marine Corps is currently investigating the veracity of these photos , circumstances involved , and if possible , the identities of the service members involved . The findings from this investigation will determine whether we are able to move forward with any investigation into possible wrongdoing . " Among the published photographs , a person in a Marine uniform appears to be pouring gasoline or some other flammable liquid on the bodies of insurgents . The remains are shown ablaze , and then charred . Islamic custom strictly forbids cremation . In another photograph , a Marine poses for the camera next to a human skull . "  There are well over a dozen bodies in the pics and some are covered with flies and one is being eaten by a dog , " TMZ.com reported . It said it turned the photographs over to the Pentagon last week and that U.S. Central Command had reviewed them to see whether they had previously been brought to its attention . They had not . During the Iraq war , Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents . The battles were among the worst Marines had seen since Vietnam , said former Marine Capt. Jonathan Rue . "  This looks really bad , but we do n't know exactly what was happening , and we do n't know what the circumstances were . Nor do we know exactly who was in those photos , " he said . If the images prove authentic , it would n't be the first time Marines have come under fire for the treatment of enemy bodies . In July 2011 , Marines urinated on dead Taliban fighters and posed for photographs with the corpses in Helmand Province , Afghanistan . The incident did not come to light publicly until January of the following year , when a 39-second video showing the desecration was posted on the Internet . The video inflamed tensions over the U.S. presence in Afghanistan . "  People in battlefield situations do very strange and reprehensible things , and maybe that 's simply part of life , and that 's why you need to have a military justice system that can punish people and hopefully discourage this kind of conduct in the future , " said Eugene Fidell , with Yale Law School , in response to the recently-published photographs . "  That is n't going to be an answer however to people in Iraq , who are likely to be very infuriated by this . " Moderates hard to find as ` bad old days ' return in Baghdad Source : Missing U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl seen in video	Islamic custom strictly forbids cremation TMZ.com publishes images that purport to show Marines burning human remains The gossip website says the photographs were shot in Falluja in 2004 Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents
CNN  -- Google India has brokered a groundbreaking two-year deal with Global Cricket Ventures , the licensing partner to the Indian Premier League , giving them exclusive rights to stream live cricket matches from the IPL on YouTube . Viewers will be able to watch all 60 matches in the 2010 IPL for free on a dedicated online channel which will include match highlights , player interviews , pitch reports as well as an exclusive "  YouTube View " which will not be available to those watching on television . The deal marks a worldwide first in live streaming of any global sporting event where action is expected to reach half-a-billion viewers during the 45 day tournament . Lalit Modi , chairman and commissioner of the IPL , told The Daily Telegraph : "  This changes the world of sports broadcasting . The Internet has changed the lives of everyone and this will do the same for sport . "  We are now taking our event truly global for the first time . Google gives us access to 500 million pairs of eyes every single moment of the day . Modi also said in a press release : "  I am certain that this new innovation will significantly enrich the user experience of the global cricket fan with a direct window to the on-field action through next generation technologies . " Managing Director of Google India , Shailesh Rao , said : "  We are thrilled to have the IPL as our global partner and bring to the YouTube community around the world and here in India an interactive , unique experience building greater awareness around the world for the sport "  During the IPL season , the biggest and most talked-about cricket tournament in the world , YouTube will offer innovative and engaging advertising opportunities to companies which help them build stronger online brand associations and engage the audience . " The 2010 IPL begins in Hyderabad on March 12 , with last year 's winners Deccan Chargers taking on Kolkata Knight Riders .	Google India has brokered a groundbreaking two-year deal with Global Cricket Ventures Global Cricket Ventures are the licensing partner to the 2010 Indian Premier League The deal gives Google India exclusive rights to stream live cricket matches from the IPL on YouTube
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands of protesters flooded Hong Kong 's streets Sunday , shortly after the city 's new chief executive was sworn in during a ceremony with Chinese President Hu Jintao on the 15th anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to Chinese sovereignty . Despite the humid weather , organizers reported that 400,000 protesters turned out for the annual July 1 protest against what they say is the ever-encroaching hand of the Chinese central government in the city 's affairs and freedoms . It was the largest turnout since the estimated 500,000 protesters who marked the same date in 2003 . Police put the figure at a much lower 63,000 people . The march capped a weekend of opposition to the appointment of Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying  $ " also known as C.Y. Leung -- who was voted in by an electoral college of 1,200 influential figures in Hong Kong with Beijing 's approval , as well as the suspicious death of Tiananmen dissident Li Wangyang . These recent flashpoints topped the list of ongoing grievances about the lack of universal suffrage , soaring housing prices , worsening pollution and a growing wealth gap . Amid megaphone-led chants for Leung to "  step down " and myriad banners and costumes mocking Leung as a cunning "  wolf , " some protesters waved the former Hong Kong flag used under British rule -- a gesture used to symbolize the erosion of the city 's freedoms following the 1997 handover . Other protesters used images of the Hello Kitty cartoon to mock Leung 's claim that Hello Kitty stickers in his home showed that previous tenants were responsible for his home 's illegal  $ " and highly controversial -- building structures , which came to light last week . Draping a Hello Kitty sash across his chest , Hong Kong artist Kacey Wong steered an all-pink army tank labeled as the "  cultural bureau , " mocking Leung 's proposed new government department . See photos of the July 1 march Significantly , Leung 's swearing-in ceremony on Sunday was fully conducted in Mandarin rather than the local Cantonese language , a move that did not go unnoticed by citizens sensitive about the encroachment of China 's national language in Hong Kong . "  How completely alienating . If we have to watch a leader we did n't elect get sworn in , we could at least have it conducted in our own language , " tweeted user @supercharz , Charmaine Mok . Leung ignored reporters ' requests for comment about the protests as he exited the ceremony . The carefully orchestrated ceremony was interrupted during Hu 's remarks by a heckler who shouted slogans calling for a redressing of the Tiananmen Square massacre and the establishment of a democratic Chinese nation before he was bundled out by security . The ceremony capped Hu 's three-day visit to Hong Kong . Hu left the city before the July 1 march commenced at 3 p.m. local time . However , hundreds of protesters gathered outside Hu 's hotel on Saturday , where they were enclosed within unusually high barricades that towered more than 2 meters high , which had not been used in Hong Kong since World Trade Organization protests in 2005 . Several protesters and journalists were pepper-sprayed in the scuffle . During Hu 's tour at the Kai Tak cruise terminal the same day , an Apple Daily reporter who yelled out a question about the Tiananmen Square massacre was removed by police from the press area and questioned under a stairwell . Meanwhile , the Hong Kong protests went unmentioned in the extensive coverage of the handover anniversary presented by Chinese state-run television station CCTV and news agency Xinhua . CNN 's television broadcasts about the handover anniversary in Hong Kong were blacked out in mainland China on Sunday and Monday , while BBC World 's coverage was also censored after it veered from Leung 's inauguration remarks to mentioning concurrent protests . A photo circulating widely online Sunday picturing fireworks exploding in Victoria Harbor over the heads of protesters captured the divide between the government 's representation of the sentiment surrounding the handover anniversary and the discontent brewing amid many citizens . In a statement addressing the July 1 march , the Hong Kong government said it "  fully respected people 's rights to take part in processions and their freedom of expression and would listen to their views in a humble manner . " It went on to say that the government will "  uphold the core values of Hong Kong and protect the freedom and rights of the people . "	Organizers reported turnout of 400,000 for annual July 1 protest in Hong Kong Protesters primarily voiced opposition over appointment of new chief executive Underlying ongoing issue of Chinese central government 's influence in the city 's affairs New chief executive 's swearing-in conducted in Mandarin rather than Cantonese
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso won a rain-hit Malaysian Grand Prix Sunday holding off a thrilling challenge from young Mexican Sergio Perez . Lewis Hamilton , who started from pole , finished third in his McLaren but teammate Jenson Button was out of the points . Reigning two-time world champion Sebastian Vettel , second to Button in the season-opener , finished 11th after a late puncture . Alonso , a two-time world champion and driving a Ferrari which has been uncompetitive in qualifying in the two races to date , showed his experience to hold off Sauber 's rising star Perez with Hamilton a well beaten third . The victory takes him to the top of the driver standings after two races with 35 points , five points clear of Hamilton . The race was hit by a torrential downpour at the start which saw all the leading contenders rushing to change to wet tires . A safety car was quickly called into action before the race was halted . When it resumed , Hamilton lost first place after a slow pit-stop with Alonso eventually appearing at the head of the field . But Perez looked to be the faster and set for his maiden victory until he overshot a corner on lap 50 out of 56 . By now racing on dry tires , Alonso held him off to claim his first GP win for eight months . But in the post-race press conference he was realistic about his team 's chances in the next few months . "  The win changes nothing , " he said . "  We are in a position that we do n't want . The goal was not to lose many points . "  We did the job track side . So this is a positive news but coming to China and Bahrain there is a lot of stuff coming to the car and this is the real job to do , " added the Spaniard . Button , who started from second on the grid , made a rare mistake as he drove into the side of HRT 's Narain Karthikeyan and lost his front wing . He eventually finished 14th . Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber was fourth with former world champion Kimi Raikkonen fifth for Lotus . Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , who started third on the grid , span early in the race and took the last points in 10th place .	Fernando Alonso wins Malaysian GP for Ferrari Mexico 's Sergio Perez finishes second in his Sauber Pole sitter Lewis Hamilton completes podium World champion Sebastian Vettel out of the points
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia 's president launched a verbal volley at Georgia 's leaders on Monday , as Georgia hit back with renewed accusations that the Russian invasion was premeditated . Russian soliders on patrol outside the Georgian city of Gori on Monday . President Dmitry Medvedev said : "  The world has seen that even today , there are political morons who are ready to kill innocent and defenseless people in order to satisfy their self-serving interests , while compensating for their own inability to resolve complicated issues by using the most terrible solution -- by exterminating an entire people . "  I think that there should be no mercy for that . We will do our best not to let this crime go unpunished . " He was speaking at a visit to the military headquarters at Vladikavkaz , near the Russian-Georgian border . Each side accuses the other of "  ethnic cleansing " during the conflict over South Ossetia , which erupted August 7 . In Washington , Georgia 's ambassador to the United States said the Russian push into Georgia the following day had been long planned . "  You just do n't move more than 1,200 tanks and 15,000 soldiers into a country within 12 hours without previous planning , " Ambassador Vasil Sikharulidze said . The conflict began more than a week ago when Georgian troops entered the breakaway territory of South Ossetia to attack pro-Moscow separatists . Russia responded by invading the country on August 8 , prompting heavy fighting with Georgian forces that spread to another breakaway territory , Abkhazia . The Georgian troops withdrew and Russian forces took control of several areas -- prompting an international outcry . After diplomatic efforts led by France on behalf of the European Union , Georgia and Russian signed a cease-fire . France is the rotating EU head . Russia 's military says its withdrawal from Georgia has begun , but a senior Pentagon official told reporters Monday evening that there has been little evidence of Russian troops pulling out . The official did not want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . Watch more on Russian withdrawal " "  We 're talking about pulling our troops away to the borders of South Ossetia . They will not be on Georgia territory , " Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn , the Russian armed forces deputy chief of staff , said Monday . White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Russia needs to start pulling back "  without delay , " saying the "  Russians have committed to withdrawing , and they need to withdraw . And so that is what we are looking for . " A Georgian Interior Ministry official said there have been "  no signs " of a Russian troop withdrawal despite Russia 's pledge to start moving back on Monday . News footage showed Russian tanks pushing away Georgian police cars about 20 miles  32 km  south of Georgia 's capital , Tbilisi . Watch tanks deal with the police car " Witnesses said Georgian police cars had been blocking the road and the police told Russian tank commanders that they were carrying out orders . The tanks proceeded to plow ahead , damaging the police cars in the process . The Georgian Foreign Ministry said a Russian armored column had been seen moving a bit deeper into Georgian territory , traveling south from Kashuri to Borjomi . Kashuri is about 10 miles  16 km  south of South Ossetia . Another column was moving north from the Kashuri area to Sachkhere . Nogovitsyn told reporters Russian troops were leaving Gori on Monday , the Interfax news agency said . He did not say how many troops were withdrawing or how many would return to South Ossetia or Russia . However , CNN journalists in Gori , near South Ossetia , said it was still under Russian control and there was no evidence the Russians were pulling out . Also , Russian tank and artillery positions were seen extending nine miles  15 km  south of Gori . Nogovitsyn said Russia was not yet moving vessels in the Black Sea from their positions near Georgia , but they would return to Sevastopol after the settlement of the conflict . He said Russia 's deputy foreign minister had presented the U.S. ambassador to the country with a timetable of the events that led to Russia 's actions and clearly indicated Georgia 's responsibility . He said a prisoner exchange involving the transfer of 12 Russians and 15 Georgians had been set up . "  We were all set and then the Georgians came up with a bunch of new requirements with no time for us to act so the time to exchange prisoners was interrupted , " Nogovitsyn said . Georgia said Russia was spreading "  false " accusations and that it was ready to pursue an exchange . The six-point deal gives no timetable for a Russian withdrawal , nor any other specifics , according to a copy of the agreement provided by Georgia 's government . A U.S. defense official told CNN about evidence of Russian SS-21 missiles and launchers in South Ossetia . Lt. Gen. Nikolai Uvarov , a Russia Defense Ministry spokesman , disputed that , telling CNN that "  no , they are not present . " The U.S. official said while "  Russian forces continue to consolidate their enclaves in South Ossetia and Abkhazia , " they "  are expected to slowly remove forces from Georgia . " Diplomatic discussions continued Monday . Finland 's Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb , representing the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , was in Brussels , Belgium , to meet with representatives from the European Union , NATO , and the United Nations . The OSCE is working on a plan to increase its observers in the region to 100 people . Meanwhile , Human Rights Watch said there was "  mounting evidence that Russian and Georgian military used armed force unlawfully during the South Ossetian conflict " and it emphasized that this "  highlights the need for international fact-finding missions in Georgia . " "  This conflict has been a disaster for civilians , " said Rachel Denber , Human Rights Watch 's Europe and Central Asia deputy director . The conflict has devastated parts of Georgia and South Ossetia , with many casualties reported . The U.N. refugee agency said more than 158,000 people had been displaced by fighting in Georgia , mostly from districts outside the breakaway territories where the fighting began . CNN 's Bruce Conover , Jill Dougherty and Max Tkachenko in Moscow , Fred Pleitgen in Tbilisi , Georgia , Tommy Evans and Michael Ware in Gori , Georgia , and Barbara Starr at the Pentagon contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon official : Little evidence that Russian troops leaving Georgia Russia begins Georgia troop "  pullback , " military chief says Russian tanks pushed through a Georgian police road block , witnesses say Human Rights Watch : This conflict has been a disaster for civilians
CNN  -- Jury selection in the trial of Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State assistant football coach charged with child rape , is scheduled to start Tuesday in Pennsylvania . A judge last week denied his attorneys ' latest bid for a delay , allowing the case to move forward . Sandusky , 68 , has been under house arrest since being charged with sexually abusing 10 boys over 14 years . Prosecutors allege he met some of his accusers through Second Mile , a charity he created for underprivileged children . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . According to a source close to the Sandusky family , he is expected to attend court Tuesday . The allegations against Sandusky led to the firing of iconic Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno only months before he died of complications from lung cancer . Several of the people whom prosecutors accuse Sandusky of abusing asked a judge to protect their identities at trial . However , Judge John Cleland on Monday ruled the alleged victims ' identities may not be concealed during the trial , although they will be protected through the jury selection process . "  Courts are not customarily in the business of withholding information , " Cleland 's ruling said . "  Secrecy is thought to be inconsistent with the openness required to assure the public that the law is being administered fairly and applied faithfully . " Prosecutors in Sandusky case present new , graphic details But , the judge noted , "  It is also to be hoped that various news organizations that will report on the trial will use what has become their professional custom to protect the privacy of alleged victims . " CNN generally does not identify alleged victims of sexual assault . Victim advocacy groups slammed the judge 's decision late Monday , expressing their hope it would not have a chilling effect on the reporting of child sexual abuse . "  The judge placed a significant burden on this class of victims by stating that they have ' a duty to the community to testify ' about the crime , but denying them privacy protections in exchange for that testimony . By bravely coming forward , victims serve in the interest of public safety ; they should be assured that their privacy will be protected , " the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape , the National Center for Victims of Crime and the National Crime Victim Law Institute said in a joint statement . Those asking for their identities to be concealed included one man known simply as Victim 4 . His attorney , Ben Andreozzi , said he believes his client , now 28 , is the strongest witness for the prosecution and will be called to testify first . "  In society , sometimes we question why rape victims are reluctant to come forward , " Andreozzi said Monday after the ruling . "  So now we have our answer . ... We are disappointed . " "  We are not asking to close the courtroom , only to use a pseudonym , " he said . His client will still testify , he said , "  but at what expense to his emotional well-being ? " He said he expects the defense to attack his client on the basis of a meeting he had with Sandusky in the years after the alleged abuse . "  My client could n't break free , " said the attorney , describing the relationship between Victim 4 and Sandusky as "  complex . " Mike McQueary , a former graduate student considered to be another key witness in the Sandusky case , has testified that he alerted Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy , an allegation authorities did n't learn of until years later . Psychologist flagged Sandusky as ` likely pedophile ' in 1998 report But prosecutors said later that the incident took place about a year earlier than what was originally alleged , causing defense attorneys for two former Penn State officials to argue that one of the charges should now be dropped . Tim Curley , Penn State 's former athletic director , and Gary Schultz , a former university vice president who oversaw campus police , have been charged with perjury and failing to report the alleged sexual assault of a child . Both of them have pleaded not guilty , and their attorneys have said that prosecutors "  charged this case before  they  knew the facts . " After news of the scandal broke last year , The New York Times published an extensive interview in which Sandusky attempted to clarify his relationships with young people . "  If I say , ` No , I 'm not attracted to young boys , ' that 's not the truth , " he said , according to the story . "  Because I 'm attracted to young people -- boys , girls -- I ... " His lawyer , who was present at the interview , spoke up at that point to note that Sandusky is "  not sexually " attracted to them . "  Right . I enjoy -- that 's what I was trying to say -- I enjoy spending time with young people . I enjoy spending time with people , " Sandusky continued . "  I mean , my two favorite groups are the elderly and the young . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Jury selection is scheduled to get under way Tuesday Sandusky , 68 , faces charges of child rape Prosecutors allege that he abused 10 boys over 14 years Sandusky has pleaded not guilty to the charges
Mental Floss  -- News outlets reported this week that legendary broadcaster Walter Cronkite never amended his will to include Joanna Simon , who had been his girlfriend for the last four years of his life . Cronkite 's daughter said the newsman never planned to leave Simon , a former opera singer and older sister of Carly Simon , any sort of inheritance , but either way , wills are back in the news . Leona Helmsley left her dog Trouble $ 12 million dollars in her will . What better time to look at some of the most bizarre codicils ever written ? 1 . Leona Helmsley The notoriously egomaniacal hotelier famously left $ 12 million to her Maltese , Trouble , while entirely cutting two of her grandchildren out of her will  for "  reasons which are known to them "  . Her other two grandchildren did n't get off the hook entirely ; their inheritances were contingent upon their regularly making visits to their father 's grave , where they would have to sign a registration book to prove they had shown up . 2 . Carlotta Liebenstein Do n't think Trouble Helmsley is the richest pooch on the block . When Liebenstein , a German countess , died in 1991 , she left her entire $ 80-million estate to her dog , Gunther . 3 . Jeremy Bentham The 18th-and-19th-century social philosopher left the world a rather odd bequest in his will : his preserved , clothed body . No one 's quite sure what Bentham was getting at with this "  gift , " but since his 1832 death his clothed skeleton -- topped with a wax model of Bentham 's head -- has been preserved in a wood-and-glass cabinet known as the Auto-Icon . It now resides at University College London and is occasionally moved so Bentham can "  attend " meetings . Bentham did n't want for the Auto-Icon to feature a wax head ; he actually carried around the glass eyes he wanted used in his preserved face for years before his death . However , the preservation process distorted his face , so the wax replica had to stand in . For many years Bentham 's real head sat between his feet in the Auto-Icon , but it was such a target for pranksters that it eventually had to be locked away . Mental Floss : 10 things your body can do after you die 4 . Sandra West West , a California socialite and oil heiress , died when she was just 37 years old and requested that she be buried "  in my lace nightgown ... in my Ferrari , with the seat slanted comfortably . " Her family buried West in her powder-blue 1964 Ferrari 330 America , then covered the car with cement to deter car thieves . Good call : nice examples of that year 's 330 America can now sell for well over $ 300,000 . 5 . Luis Carlos de Noronha Cabral da Camara The Portuguese aristocrat was a childless bachelor , so he divvied up his estate by picking 70 names at random from the Lisbon phone book in 1988 . When he died 13 years later , his attorneys notified the unsuspecting beneficiaries that they stood to inherit their benefactor 's cash , his home , and his car . 6 . Charles Millar The Canadian attorney died a childless bachelor , but he left $ 568,106 to the mother who gave birth to the most children in Toronto in the 10 years following his 1928 death . This bequest prompted what Canadians called "  the Baby Derby " as mothers raced to win the fortune . Finally , in 1938 four winners split the prize after giving birth to nine babies apiece . Mental Floss : Names you probably should n't give your kid 7 . Heinrich Heine The German poet left his entire fortune to his wife , but with one catch : she had to remarry "  because then there will be at least one man to regret my death . " 8 . S. Sanborn Sanborn , a 19th-century New England hatter , left a rather macabre bequest to a friend -- a pair of drums made from Sanborn 's skin . The friend received further instructions to go to Bunker Hill each June 17th and play "  Yankee Doodle Dandy " on the drums . 9 . T.M. Zink Zink , an Iowa lawyer who died in 1930 , must have had some pretty bad experiences with women . When he died he left his daughter a measly five bucks , and his wife got nothing . He stipulated that the rest of his $ 100,000 estate be put in a trust for 75 years , then used to create the Zink Womanless Library . The library would have no feminine decorations , no books or magazine articles by female authors , and was required to have "  No Women Admitted " carved into the stone over the entrance . 10 . Robert Louis Stevenson When the celebrated author died , he left his friend Annie H. Ide his birthday . Ide had previously complained to Stevenson about the inconvenience of being born on Christmas , so the writer left her November 13th as a new birthday provided she take care of it with "  moderation and humanity ... the said birthday not being so young as it once was . " 11 . Henry Budd It 's not clear how he originally made 200,000 pounds , but when Henry Budd died in 1862 , he left his substantial fortune to his two sons on the condition that neither sullied his lip with a mustache . 12 . Mark Gruenwald When longtime comic book writer and editor Mark Gruenwald died in 1996 , fans of the Marvel Comics icon probably thought they 'd seen the last of the former Captain America writer . Gruenwald had other ideas , though . He requested that his ashes be mixed into the ink used to print the first trade paperback anthology of Squadron Supreme , another one of his landmark creations . Mental Floss : 5 comic superheroes who made real-world difference For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	People have put some very bizarre stipulations in their wills Socialite buried "  in lace nightgown ... in my Ferrari , with seat slanted comfortably " Two very rich women left millions to their dogs Comic book writer had his ashes mixed with ink for anthology Iowa lawyer left money for library banning all female writers and visitors
CNN  -- When seven-term Republican Congresswoman Mary Bono Mack conceded to her Democratic challenger Raul Ruiz on Friday , she left two other members of California 's GOP House delegation still trailing in tight , unsettled races . As of Saturday , six of seven unresolved House races remain too close to call . In the seventh , two Louisiana Republicans will face off in a December 8 runoff for the 3rd District seat after none of the five candidates got the required 50 % . Democrats hold narrow leads in all six of the too-close-to-call races . Should all win , they will have picked up a net gain of eight seats in the House after losing the majority in the chamber and suffering the largest loss of seats since 1948 in the 2010 midterm elections . The New America : What the election teaches us about ourselves Going into Tuesday 's elections , Republicans held a 242-193 majority in the House . Mack took over her seat after her husband Rep. Sonny Bono was killed in a skiing accident in 1998 . In a heartfelt statement conceding defeat on Friday night , she congratulated her opponent , an emergency room physician , and thanked her family . "  Today , I called Dr. Ruiz and congratulated him on his impressive victory , " Mack said . "  Dr. Ruiz will do a fine job if he is guided as well by the people of the congressional district as I was . Please give him the opportunity to succeed . "  It was almost 15 years ago that Sonny died and I became a congresswoman , " she continued . "  Honestly , nobody worked harder or gave more since then than my two amazing children . They , along with my stepson Chaz , my grandson Sonny and my beloved husband Connie have been so supportive of me this week . I simply could n't ask for more . " Mack lost by 4 % of the vote or more than 7,200 ballots out of the almost 200,000 cast in the race for 36th District . The loss marks the first in her 14-year congressional career . Her husband , former Rep. Connie Mack IV , also lost this week in his bid for U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson 's seat in Florida . Mack , who has faced redistricting twice before , once again saw her district 's lines redrawn ahead of the 2012 election by a bipartisan commission in California based on 2010 census data . GOP retains grip on House The California delegation , which has been historically heavily Democrat , will send 36 Democrats and 15 Republicans to Washington as of Saturday , but that number could grow to 38 Democrats if the other two Republicans -- Rep. Dan Lungren and Rep. Brian Bilbray - are defeated . Neither Lungren nor Bilbray have conceded , with provisional and absentee ballots still being recounted in both races . Bilbray spokesman Patrick Howell said the race was "  far from over , " as additional ballots are processed . Bilbray trails Democrat Scott Peters by 1,334 votes in California 's 52nd District . Lungren trails his Democratic challenger Ami Bera by 1,779 votes as of Saturday . The race could drag on for weeks as Sacramento County election officials count the 98,464 vote-by-mail and 31,000 provisional ballots still outstanding . Lungren 's district is one of four in Sacramento County . Another potential upset across the country could add yet another tick in the Democrats ' tally . Rep. Allen West rode the tea party wave to office in Florida 's 18th Congressional District during the 2010 midterm elections , unseating three-term Democrat Rep. Ron Klein with more than an 8-point win . This time around , West faced a tough opponent in Republican-turned-Democrat Patrick Murphy . But refusing to accept defeat after a vote count showed him down by 2,500 votes , West is demanding a full recount . "  There were numerous other disturbing irregularities reported at polls across St. Lucie County , including the doors to polling places being locked when the polls closed , in direct violation of Florida law , thereby preventing the public from witnessing the procedures used to tabulate results , " a statement released by the West campaign said . The West campaign filed injunctions against the supervisors of elections in Palm Beach County and St. Lucie County to impound voting machines and paper ballots . "  We will continue to fight to ensure every vote is counted properly and fairly , and accordingly will pursue all legal means necessary , " the statement said . The fiery tea partier is n't guaranteed a recount under Florida election law , which only stipulates an automatic recount in races if the margin of difference between the candidates is a half-percent or less . As close as the race is , it does n't meet that criterion . The West-Murphy contest is expected to be one of the most expensive congressional races in history , with the national parties and outside groups pouring money into the efforts . West raised significantly more than Murphy -- $ 17 million vs. $ 3.6 million . Congressional races set records for spending Two races in Arizona also remain uncalled . The contest for former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' seat between Democrat Rep. Ron Barber and Republican Martha McSally finds Barber behind by 426 votes . Barber , former district director for Giffords , replaced her in a special election held after she was shot in the head and severely wounded in 2011 . The man convicted in the attack outside a supermarket that killed six people received a life prison sentence on Thursday . And in a district across the state , Democrat Kyrsten Sinema is holding onto a 2,715-vote lead over Republican Vernon Parker while provisional and absentee votes are counted . Parker might have Libertarian candidate Powell Gammill to blame if he does not win . Gammill won more than 6 % of the vote in Tuesday 's election despite urging supporters to stay home rather than vote on Election Day in protest of the political system . The unresolved contest in North Carolina could be the second tightest 2012 congressional race after provisional and absentee ballots are counted for the district that encompasses Wilmington and the area northwest to the Raleigh suburbs . Democratic Rep. Mike McIntyre faced a tough re-election challenge . His district added Johnston County and his hometown of Lumberton was cut from the 7th District this year after redistricting . Once the ballots are counted , either McIntyre or his Republican challenger and two-term state Sen. David Rouzer can request a recount if the margin remains a 1 % or less . Both candidates have until November 20 to request a recount . Gary Bartlett , the executive director for the State Board of Elections in North Carolina , said officials should know if Rouzer intends to request a recount before the November 20 deadline . The new American electorate has arrived CNN Political Research Director Robert Yoon contributed to this report	Six of seven unresolved House races remain too close to call on Saturday If the current leads hold up , Democrats will gain eight seats in the House Florida Rep. Allen West is in one of the most heated races , against Democrat Patrick Murphy
CNN  -- It was two years late and billions of dollars over budget , but this week the Singapore Airline-owned A380 completed its maiden passenger journey between Singapore and Sydney . Making history : the first double bed on a commercial jet On board were nearly 500 passengers who had bid thousands of dollars for the historical experience . This was a turning point in aviation history as Airbus ' superjumbo became the world 's largest aircraft . And the time had finally come for it to receive some admiration . Singapore Airlines ' CEO , Chew Choon Seng named the jetliner the "  queen of the skies " . Tom Enders , CEO of Airbus said he would like to celebrate his 25th wedding anniversary on one of its double beds . And CNN 's Richard Quest , who was on board the maiden flight , said there was "  nothing quite like it " . The luxury on board , he said , sets a new standard for air travel . It 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built  inside and out  , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort . But the feature that has attracted greatest interest on the Singapore Airlines A380 is its " beyond first class " cabins . Behind the sliding doors of the Singapore Airlines Suites , the well-heeled can luxuriate in a private cabin designed by leading French yacht designer , Jean-Jacques Coste . There 's a wide leather seat and alongside that , a standalone bed . This is two meters long with Givenchy duvets and cushions . And for couples traveling , the beds on the middle two suites can be converted into double beds . From bed or chair , travelers can catch a movie on a 23-inch widescreen LCD . Laptops can be plugged into an in-seat power supply and business travelers with just a thumb drive can plug this into a USB ports and access a suite of office tools on Singapore Airlines ' in-flight entertainment system . Celebrity chefs including Britain 's Gordon Ramsay and Georges Blanc were behind the first class menu that can be eaten off Givenchy tableware . Unlike other airlines , that have considered offering casinos , gyms and showers on their future A380s , Singapore Airlines has opted instead for a configuration that , whilst offering luxury , also makes money . As Chew Choon Seng , CEO of Singapore Airlines reminded reporters last week , the first Boeing 747s soon ditched the lounges and bars on the upper decks in favor of seats that could generate cash . Behind the 12 luxury suites there are 399 economy seats , ranked 10-abreast on the upper and lower decks , as well as 60 business class seats that are the biggest yet at 87 centimeters wide . Singapore Airlines has ordered 19 superjumbos for an estimated price tag of $ 5.7 billion . The second is due to arrive next February with further deliveries later in 2008 . Tickets for the A380 's first return commercial flight between Singapore and Sydney were sold at auction on eBay . One passenger paid $ 100,000 for the experience , with the majority paying between $ 1,500 and $ 5,000 . The $ 1.4 million raised has gone to charities in Singapore , Sydney and a global humanitarian organization . From Sunday 28 October , Singapore Airlines will commence its scheduled service between Singapore and Sydney on one of the three daily flights in each direction . The jetliner to be delivered next spring will be used on one of the three daily flights between Singapore and London 's Heathrow Airport . It 's been a long road to this point for Airbus , but the journey is by no means over . The airline has a tough delivery schedule ahead to fulfil its 185 orders to 15 customers  see figures below  . Next year it plans to deliver 13 , a further 25 in 2009 and 45 in 2010 . Tom Enders , Airbus ' CEO does n't underestimate the scale of challenge ahead . "  This is not a piece of cake , " he told CNN , "  but we have learned our lessons and we are very confident today that we can deliver to our customers . " It has n't just been Airbus that has been frantically preparing for the A380 launch . Airports around the world have had to make changes to runways and gates , as well as buy in new vehicles that can tow the giant aircraft and lift high enough to its upper decks . Seventy airports are now ready , Airbus has said . Singapore 's Changi Airport , home to the Singapore Airlines A380 fleet , was the first , and when its new Terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be A380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks . Heathrow 's new Terminal 5 will be able to handle four A380s at one time . British Airways , the Terminal 's sole occupant , recently confirmed an order for 12 superjumbos and it now wants BAA to upgrade a satellite building to be built next to Terminal 5 to accommodate them . As Willie Walsh , BA 's CEO told CNN , "  we want to make sure that development is built with the A380 in mind . " But whether the arrival of the A380 sets a standard for future air travel is still undecided . As CNN 's Richard Quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as Boeing 's up-coming 787 Dreamliner . As Richard Quest says , "  there 's no doubt the A380 will sell , but it is going to take a long time to reach the 420 sales which is the amount Airbus needs to make money . " But those worries , he adds , are for another day . Thursday was a day for celebration . SOME KEY FIGURES Orders Total : 185 orders  165 firm orders  15 customers Emirates : 47 Qantas : 20 Singapore Airlines : 19 Lufthansa : 15 Air France : 12 British Airways : 12 ILFC : 10 Emirates : 8 Virgin Atlantic : 6 Thai Airways : 6 Malaysia Airlines : 6 Qatar : 5 Kingfisher : 5 Korean Air : 5 China Southern : 5 Etihad : 4 Delivery schedule 1 in 2007 13 in 2008 25 in 2009 45 in 2010 The Aircraft Wingspan : 79.8 meters  747 - 64.4 meters  Length : 73 meters or seven London buses in a row  747 - 70.7 meters  Height : 24.1 meters  747 - 19.4 meters  Internal cabin width : 6.58 meters  747 - 6.1 meters  Seats : 555  747 - 416  Flight range : 15,000 kilometers  747 - 13,450 kilometers  Wiring : 500 kilometers Ideal routes SIN-LHR DXB-LHR SYD-LAX CDG-NRT JFK-NRT Ticket sales for maiden passenger trip between Singapore and Sydney Top ticket price : US$ 100,380 The bargain : US$ 560 for a single economy seat E-mail to a friend	Singapore Airlines A380 superjumbo completes historic maiden flight Luxury first class cabins have separate leather seats and double beds One passenger paid $ 100,000 for the first Singapore to Sydney trip
CNN  -- Los Angeles firefighters spent Monday morning battling two fires , both in apartment buildings : one under construction , the other under renovation , fire officials said . A 911 caller reported the first fire at 906 N. Fremont Ave. just before 1:30 a.m. . The location was directly across the street from a fire station . "  That address had a multistory apartment building under construction , a total of seven floors in the wood-frame stage , approximately 1.3 million square feet of area space , " Los Angeles Fire Department Chief Ralph Terrazas said . "  More than two-thirds of  the building  was on fire , causing significant exposure issues for two nearby high-rise buildings , " he added . It took 250 firefighters to get the massive blaze under control . No one was injured . CNN iReporter Andrew Gottesman lives close to the scene . He told CNN he saw the fire from his window and it "  seemed incredibly large . " Gottesman described the inferno as scary sight . "  It was incredibly nerve racking being so close , and I actually was expecting to have to evacuate my building . " ` Incredibly large ' blaze "  The cause is under investigation , and the loss is being tabulated . We estimate that it will be in the multimillion-dollars of loss range , " Terrazas said . The second fire was reported in a smaller apartment building about eight blocks away on West Seventh Street just after 4 a.m. Fire officials do n't know whether the blazes are related , but it took 100 firefighters to get the second fire under control The fires also caused traffic headaches . Parts of the 110 and 101 freeways were closed as fire crews battled the flames . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : I "  was expecting to have to evacuate my building , " nearby CNN iReporter says A huge fire in Los Angeles burns an apartment construction site At least two other nearby high-rises are damaged , freeways are closed ; no injuries reported Damage is estimated to be in the millions , and the cause is under investigation
CNN  Following Libya 's revolution , oil production has been restored and the country has slipped from the front pages . Once more , Libya has become North African rather than southern Mediterranean , and news dispatches surface only when Western government 's worst fears appear close to being realized . As most Libyans admit that after four-plus decades of Moammar Gadhafi , it will take time to build a mature democracy . Yet Libyans remain hopeful that progress is being made . For travelers , this means a renewed opportunity to explore one of Africa 's most interesting states . 1 . It 's vast and empty At 679,362 square miles , Libya is second in size only to neighboring Algeria among North African countries . It 's two and a half times bigger than Texas , almost 85 times the size of Wales and 90 % desert . Libya 's population is small , just more than 6 million , more than 80 % inhabiting the coastal region . More than half of that is concentrated in the just three cities -- Tripoli , Benghazi and Misrata . For first-time visitors , an itinerary based on Tripoli and Benghazi , with day excursions from each city and a connecting domestic flight , makes most sense . Simoon Travel  +440209780508 ; www.simoontravel.com  or Temehu  www.temehu.com  are two tour agencies worth knowing . 2 . Road travel is exciting but hazardous By car , the 600-mile journey along the coast between Tripoli and Libya 's second city , Benghazi , takes around 12 hours . Heading south from Tripoli to the ancient Berber trading town of Ghadames is an eight or nine hour slog , while the Ubari Lakes in the southern desert region of Fezzan lie some 13 hours from Tripoli . As well as recalcitrant camels , encroaching dunes , sand storms and wildly unpredictable driving conditions and drivers , the insecurity of postrevolutionary Libya demands travelers ' full attention before any overland journey . The revolution saw the collapse of many commercial bus services , though these were off-limits to foreigners anyway . Car rental companies such as Sixt  www.sixt.com  and Hertz  www.hertz.co.uk  are building a Libyan presence , though locations are limited and unless you 're used to what might be called "  ebullient " traffic , you may want to take a back seat . Stifling Gadhafi-era group travel restrictions no longer exist , but for tourists with limited time , complicated land explorations are best made through tour operators utilizing their vehicles and drivers . 3 . There 's no drinking  except there is The "  Free Officers " of Gadhafi 's 1969 coup d'etat banned alcohol , and there 's no chance of change . Despite public conservatism , however , Libyans close to a suitable land border are no strangers to losing themselves in a foreign bar , and regular cross-border traffic means lots of illicit alcohol enters the country from Egypt and Tunisia . It 's an open secret that cars of young men parked in out-of-the-way places are often de facto drinking dens . As well as smuggled booze , a drink known as bokha , distilled from dates , figs or grapes , is widely consumed . Unfortunately , some misguided producers add methanol to increase potency . In March 2013 , a batch of bad bokha claimed 52 lives in Tripoli -- one reason to stay on the straight and narrow and stick to sweet tea and strong coffee . 4 . The ATMs do n't work Plastic cards can not be relied upon , either to pay bills or get money from ATMs or banks . Functioning ATMs can be counted on one hand , and credit card payments for goods and services are almost unknown outside Tripoli . As a result it 's not uncommon to see large , tightly bound bricks of dinars exchanged as a matter of course . Those accustomed to cashless card-driven lifestyles may feel uncomfortable when carrying large quantities of banknotes . Despite recent high-profile outrages perpetrated by militias , religious ideologues or both , crimes against individuals such as muggings and thefts are rare . And in commerce , Libyans are straightforward and honest to a fault . 5 . Gas is cheaper than water Filling the tank of an average car costs around six dinars  $ 4.76  , while a liter bottle of water from a cafe costs one dinar  $ 0.80  . Libyan oil production has returned to prerevolution levels of 1.6 million barrels a day . The country 's known reserves are the largest in Africa and fourth-largest in the world -- sufficient for 85 years at the present output . It 's a constant refrain among the postrevolutionary populace , however , that "  Libya is a rich country but the people are poor . " Walking around the neglected , crumbling streets of Benghazi , a city that has seen little investment since World War II , one can only wonder where the oil revenues were spent . Economic prospects for Libya may about to improve . The World Bank estimates 16 % to 18 % growth in GDP for 2013 , the International Monetary Fund suggests nearer 20 % . 6 . It 's not all sand Jebel Akhdar  Green Mountain  is an achievable day-trip from Benghazi , a good reminder that Libya is n't all desert . Quite literally , the trip provides a breath of fresh air . Relatively high rainfall means these uplands live up to their name -- fields yield healthy cereal crops and orchards produce succulent fruit , while Libya 's luckiest sheep graze rolling green hillside pastures . Italian colonial farmhouses , under new management , are still visible , as are abandoned railway stations  trains have long since ceased operations  . 7 . Omar Mukhtar has replaced Gadhafi as a symbol Before the revolution , Moammar Gadhafi portrait was everywhere in Libya . Without turning your head , it was easy to reach double figures when counting reproductions of his all-seeing image . Now they 're gone , often replaced by images of an elderly man in white robes -- Omar Mukhtar . Who is he ? Beginning in 1912 and lasting for almost 20 years , Italian imperial designs on Libya were resisted by a determined local insurgency led by Mukhtar . His bands of fighters utilized guerrilla tactics and superior knowledge of the terrain to ambush Italian columns . Opposition was quelled only when a 73-year-old Mukhtar was captured and executed by Italian armed forces in 1931 . Despite attempting to co-opt Mukhtar 's legacy as a nationalist hero , Gadhafi ultimately felt threatened by the sheikh and had his body removed from its tomb in the center of Benghazi to an out-of-the-way rural town about 37 miles away . Gadhafi was right to be worried . Omar Mukhtar remained an inspiration to modern revolutionaries , and in 2011 , his battle cry of "  We will win or we will die " was heard once more . 8 . It 's filled with Greco-Roman heritage Eighty miles east of Tripoli , Leptis Magna was the hometown of Roman Emperor Septimus Severus . Even those prone to chronic attacks of temple fatigue ca n't fail to be wowed by the grandeur of its ruins . The site is vast and well-preserved , though to date only one third has been excavated . The almost complete amphitheater and circus outside the main city are made all the more intriguing by virtue of their relative neglect . Some 40 miles east of Tripoli , Sabratha 's remains have been restored . While only a quarter of the site has been excavated , mosaics thus far uncovered rival those found in Rome . And 120 miles east of Benghazi , the ruins of Cyrene reflect enduring Greek influences of language and architecture ; the city 's Temple of Zeus is larger than the Parthenon in Athens . Anywhere else , all three sites would be honeypot tourist destinations , but these days it 's possible you 'll have them to yourself . Leptis Magna and Sabratha are easy day trips from Tripoli ; Cyrene is reached from Benghazi and with an early start can also be visited in a day . Because of poor security , travel eastward to Derna is n't recommended . Though it 's easy to visit sites independently , a knowledgeable guide can bring the ruins to life . Temehu  www.temehu.com  can organize excursions in advance . "  North Africa -- The Roman Coast "  www.bradtguides.com  has a useful section on Libya .	Libya is two and a half times bigger than Texas and 90 % desert Alcohol is banned , but there 's smuggled booze and bokha , distilled from dates , figs Gasoline is cheaper than water in this oil rich but extremely dry Sahara nation Ancient ruins from the Greek and Roman eras are spectacular
CNN  -- In the wake of the recent Alamo Drafthouse "  Do n't Talk " PSA that has been blazing a viral trail on YouTube over the past 48 hours , I was asked to expand on our other operational policies at the theater . Most of them go back to 1996 , when my wife and I were first getting into the business . Despite the fact that we had zero experience in exhibition , we decided to quit our "  real " jobs and open a movie theater . We had no desire to make movies , but we sure as heck loved to go to the cinema and watch them in the right environment . What drew us to open a theater in the first place is that we were finding a trip to the multiplex to be , more often than not , a disappointing experience . Poor projection , bad sound and , worst of all , disrespectful patrons in the cinema were slowly eroding our fun , so we conceived of the idea of opening a cinema ourselves on our own terms . We could program the movies that we loved , create unique experiences around those movies and make sure people behaved appropriately . In the first couple of months of operation , we came up with some very simple guidelines that all of our theaters still adhere to today . They were all born from our own reactions to experiences we hated and endured when we went to the movies . The insistence on these simple policies is one of the main reasons people are loyal to our cinemas today . We also serve beer , and that helps . 1  We do not play ads before the film . If I spend $ 9 or more to see a movie , I equate that to paying for premium cable . Paying for the movie means you get to skip the ads . If the cinema model were similar to Hulu , then sure , the ads are a means of paying for the screening of the film . The barrage of ads used to be annoying enough when they were just slides projected on the screen . Now , with full audio and video , they are insufferable and should not be tolerated . At the Alamo , instead of ads , we create customized video "  preshow " content that is fun and entertaining and themed to the movie you are about to see . If there is ever an ad , it will be along the lines of a Japanese Charles Bronson Mandom cologne ad from the 1970s , not a PSA with fake-rock jams enticing you to join the Army . Our hope is that even if the movie you paid for is terrible , the preshow is awesome , you had an ice-cold beer and left happy . 2  We do not allow children under 6 . If the movie is a non-crossover kids movie , we sometimes flex this age down to 3 and up , and we also have select "  Baby Day " screenings each week for infants and small children . If you want to take your 4-year-old to see "  The Hangover 2 " at 10 p.m. , however , you 'll have to go somewhere else . 3  We do not allow unaccompanied minors . There are of lots of great , well-behaved 12-year-old individual kids , but assemble them in pods of four or more and drop them unaccompanied in a darkened theater , and they will pave a swath of destruction akin to feral hogs . We do n't allow it ever . Minors must be accompanied by a parent or guardian , and if they act up , they will be thrown out . 4  If you persist in talking or texting , we will throw you out . After the past few days , I think I 've probably articulated our policy on this topic fully . If you talk or blatantly text , we will warn you to stop . If you persist , you will be asked to leave . These policies  with the exception of the no-ads policy  have the same underlying rationale . When you are in a cinema , you are one of many , many people in the auditorium . When the lights go dark and the movie begins , every single movie fan in the room wants to be absorbed into and get lost in the flickering images on the screen . A light from a cellphone , a screaming baby or a disruptive teen cracking jokes all pull you out of the magic of the movies . Providing an awesome experience for true movie fans is the reason we opened the first Alamo Drafthouse back in the mid - '90s , and it is the exact same philosophy we adhere to today .	At the Alamo , instead of ads , we create customized video "  preshow " content Minors must be accompanied by a parent or guardian The rules were all born from our own reactions and experiences
London , England  CNN  -- The attackers who planted a car bomb outside a courthouse in Northern Ireland Monday night gave only 17 minutes warning before the explosion , the Police Service of Northern Ireland told CNN Tuesday . "  It is a miracle that no one was killed or seriously injured , " PSNI Chief Constable Matt Baggott said . "  It is only thanks to a member of the public contacting us that we are not dealing with fatalities this morning . " The car was packed with about 250 pounds  113 kilograms  of explosives , police estimate . A local hospital in the town of Newry got a warning call at 10:20 p.m. local time  7:20 p.m. ET  and a business was phoned two minutes later . The bomb went off at 10:37 p.m. , a police representative said . That "  is not enough time to evacuate a public area , " a police representative said . British police spokesmen traditionally do not identify themselves by name . A member of the public reported a car being abandoned at about 10 p.m. , she said . That appears to have given police extra time to respond . Baggott blamed the attack on "  dissident republicans , " pro-Irish militants who reject the 1998 Good Friday Agreement that sharply reduced violence in the province . They "  simply want to drag Northern Ireland back to the dark days of the past , " Baggott said , condemning "  cowardly attacks " by "  terrorists " who "  want to destroy all that is good about Northern Ireland and have no place in a modern civilized society . " "  This is not an attack on a court building , this is an attack on people whose lives depend on the well-being of Newry , " he added . "  This is an attack that broke and damaged places of worship ... damaged the ability of Newry to be at the heart of our economic success . " Newry is about 35 miles  56 kilometers  south of the provincial capital , Belfast . Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's office "  strongly condemned " the bombing , saying Tuesday it was the work of a "  tiny minority . " The "  attack " is "  entirely unrepresentative of the views of the vast majority of people in Northern Ireland , " said a statement from Brown 's Downing Street office . The court building was badly damaged and businesses in the area were evacuated , police said . Northern Ireland was wracked for decades by violence between pro-British unionists and pro-Irish republicans . About 3,000 people died in the "  Troubles , " as the violence was known , before the tenuous peace agreement was hammered out in 1998 . There has been sporadic violence since then . A booby-trapped car exploded on January 8 , severely injuring Constable Peadar Heffron . A car bomb partly exploded outside the headquarters of the Policing Board of Northern Ireland on November 21 , and another under-car booby trap exploded on October 22 in east Belfast , injuring a woman , the PSNI said . Two soldiers and a policeman were shot dead in separate attacks in March 2009 . The two biggest parties in the province , the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party and the pro-Irish Sinn Fein , reached a deal earlier this month to bring police powers under local control , averting a crisis that had threatened to force new elections .	Attackers who planted bomb in N. Ireland gave only 17 minutes warning before explosion British PM Gordon Brown condemned car bombing outside court in Newry No one was killed or injured in the blast About 3,000 people died in decades of violence before 1998 peace agreement
Below is an excerpt from CNN commentator Jack Cafferty 's new book , "  Now or Never . " Jack appears daily in "  The Situation Room " on CNN from 4 to 7 p.m. ET . In his new book , "  Now or Never , " Jack Cafferty says parenting might be on the decline more than schools are . I never presumed to have any more answers about being a parent than anybody else . There are no perfect parents , perfect kids , perfect families -- only degrees of dysfunction . You get up in the morning and do the best you can . At the end of the day you say , "  Okay , that was n't so bad , let 's try it again tomorrow . " Some of my instincts were pretty good and some of them were awful . I did stay engaged and did n't say to hell with being a father when my first marriage ended . With the younger girls , I eventually made the choice to clean up my alcoholism before I pushed things to the point of no return . But most of the credit does to my second wife Carol ; to the girls ; and to God Almighty . Ultimately , I 've just been very fortunate . I do n't know the status of parenting in America . But I know a little about the status of education in America . Parents ' growing inability to impose manners and limits on their kids when the kids are in school is reflected in record dropout rates , as well as teen drug and alcohol abuse , teen sex , and unwed pregnancies . Maybe it 's parenting that 's on the decline , more than the schools . Watch Jack Cafferty talk about "  Now or Never " in The Situation Room " " Exhibit A : My wife and I have just been seated for dinner when the maitre d' walks over and seats a young family at the table next to us and the kids start carrying on like orangutans on a leash . The parents are going , "  Timmy , that 's not nice , do n't throw your food , stop stuffing your mashed potatoes up your nose . " Are mom and dad having fun yet , picking food up off the floor , apologizing to people like us , and wiping food flung across the table off their faces ? Some parents still have this attitude that their kids are too special to be burdened by discipline . And the rest of us are supposed to put up with their little mutants . That attitude really pisses me off . I hate to break it to them , but the kids are n't special , and I do n't have to put up with their behavior . If you ca n't control your obnoxious little brats , leave them home . They do n't belong out in public annoying other people , period . I do n't remember a generation of kids ever so indulged and enabled to behave so badly . What 's going on ? I remember as a kid I was expected to behave myself out in public or suffer the wrath of one very angry father . And of all the things that used to piss him off , those expectations did n't seem unreasonable . Something 's gone terribly wrong here . My guess is it has to do with the breakdown of authority , the collapse of strong family structure , and the abdication of parental responsibility , dictated in part by the necessity that both parents work . Plus , we have a whole generation of Baby Boomers who are too busy feeling entitled to prolong their own self-indulgent , self-absorbed adolescences to rein in their own kids . Just a theory .	Jack says there 's no such thing as the perfect family , only degrees of dysfunction Cafferty : Parents ' inability to impose limits reflects in dropout rates , drug abuse , sex Jack ca n't recall a generation "  ever so indulged and enabled to behave so badly "
CNN  -- Four years ago Liu Wen entered a modeling contest in China to win a computer to use for school . Little did she know it would lead her to the Victoria 's Secret runway in New York . Wen , who will appear in the Victoria 's Secret fashion show airing Tuesday on CBS , will be the first Victoria 's Secret model of Asian descent to walk the catwalk , the company said . "  I was surprised when my agent told me , " Wen said hours before she was set to walk the runway . She seemed only slightly overwhelmed : clad in a pink robe , one technician assigned to her fingernails , another to her toenails and another adding extensions to her already long black hair . "  I asked my agent if she was joking . I did n't think an Asian girl would get this job . " Victoria 's Secret plucked Wen , 21 , out of a regular model casting call . "  Liu Wen is a beautiful woman . She has a strong and energetic presence on the runway . She looked absolutely stunning in our fashion show , " said the show 's executive producer , Monica Mitro . At 5-foot-10 , Wen said she towered over her classmates in China . The newest addition to the Victoria 's Secret family was born in Yongzhou in China 's Hunan province in 1988 , the daughter of an interior designer dad and a stay-at-home mom . She was in high school when , on a whim , she submitted photos for a modeling contest , hoping to win the top prize of a laptop computer . "  I was studying to be a teacher in China and my friend was entering a modeling contest , " she said . "  The prize was a computer , and I needed a computer for school . So I entered the contest , too , and then I won . " Her family and friends , including the one who originally had the idea to enter the contest , were shocked . "  My friends were all surprised , " she said . "  They were all like , ` sure , you 're pretty . ' " Soon Wen had moved from Yongzhou to the Chinese capital of Beijing , where she appeared on the covers of Chinese editions of FHM and Marie Claire , as well as in editorials for Chinese Vogue . In 2008 she landed on the cover of Chinese Elle alongside fellow rising star Emma Pei . Wen made her runway debut in Milan , Italy , in 2008 , followed quickly by Paris , France , and New York fashion weeks where she walked in such shows as Anna Sui , Dolce & Gabbana , Alexander McQueen , Chlo and Lanvin . Although her walk down the runway will be a first for Victoria 's Secret , Wen is part of a growing trend for Asian models worldwide that began several years ago with Devon Aoki . The past few seasons of fashion shows have featured Asian models on almost every high-end runway . "  I talk to my mom in China every day when I am traveling . My family is always excited to hear about the top designers I am meeting and the clothes I get to wear , " Wen said . She said was familiar with the Victoria 's Secret show , though being on the inside was something new . "  Of course I had seen the show on television . I watched it every year , " Wen said . "  But it was so different when I got here and got to meet the other girls . I got to meet Heidi Klum for the first time after I had known about her for so long . And she was so nice . " Wen thinks she may try her hand at acting when she has gotten over the modeling bug , but she said she would be just as happy returning to China to be a teacher like she originally planned . "  In the classroom everyone respects the teacher . The teacher has all the control and has the ability to shape all of her students ' lives , " Wen said . "  But for now modeling is such great fun . I 'm still trying out new sexy faces . "	Liu Wen will be the first Victoria 's Secret runway model of Asian descent She entered a modeling contest four years ago to win a laptop computer Wen has appeared in Chinese editions of FHM , Marie Claire and Vogue magazines
EW  -- Bennett Miller 's "  Foxcatcher , " starring Channing Tatum , Mark Ruffalo and Steve Carell , was one of the high-profile movies that was announced Thursday for competition in next month 's Cannes Film Festival . Also competing for the Palme d'Or is "  The Homesman " from director Tommy Lee Jones , and David Cronenberg 's "  Maps to the Stars , " which features Robert Pattinson . Ryan Gosling 's directorial debut , "  How to Catch a Monster , " starring Christina Hendricks and Eva Mendes , will premiere in the Un Certain Regard side category . "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " will also premiere at Cannes , with an out of competition screening . Oscars set dates for 2015 award season Cannes runs May 14-25 this year , and "  Grace of Monaco , " starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly , will be the festival 's opening night film . Jane Campion is presiding over this year 's jury . See below for a full listing of Cannes films : OPENER "  Grace of Monaco , " Olivier Dahan COMPETITION "  Sils Maria , " Olivier Assayas "  Saint Laurent , " Bertrand Bonello "  Winter Sleep , " Nuri Bilge Ceylan "  Maps to the Stars , " David Cronenberg "  Two Days , One Night , " Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne "  Mommy , " Xavier Dolan "  The Captive , " Atom Egoyan "  Goodbye to Language , " Jean-Luc Godard "  The Search , " Michel Hazanavicius "  The Homesman , " Tommy Lee Jones "  Still the Water , " Naomi Kawase "  Mr. Turner , " Mike Leigh "  Jimmy 's Hall , " Ken Loach "  Foxcatcher , " Bennett Miller "  La Meraviglie , " Alice Rohrwacher "  Timbuktu , " Abderrahmane Sissako "  Wild Tales , " Damian Szifron "  Leviathan , " Andrei Zvyagintsev Tribeca Film Festival 's must-see movies UN CERTAIN REGARD OPENER : "  Party Girl , " Marie Amachoukeli , Claire Burger and Samuel Theis "  Jauja , " Lisandro Alonso "  The Blue Room , " Mathieu Amalric "  Misunderstood , " Asia Argento "  Titli , " Kanu Behl "  Eleanor Rigby , " Ned Benson "  Lost River "  a.k.a. "  How to Catch a Monster "  , Ryan Gosling "  Amour fou , " Jessica Hausner "  Charlie 's Country , " Rolf de Heer "  Snow in Paradise , " Andrew Hulme "  A Girl at My Door , " July Jung "  Xenia " , Panos Koutras "  Run , " Philippe Lacote "  Turist , " Ruben Ostlund "  Beautiful Youth , " Jaime Rosales "  Fantasia , " Wang Chao "  The Salt of the Earth , " Wim Wenders and Juliano Ribeiro Salgado "  Away From His Absence , " Keren Yedaya OUT OF COMPETITION "  Coming Home , " Zhang Yimou "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 , " Dean DeBlois See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Movies from Tommy Lee Jones and Bennett Miller will compete at Cannes Ryan Gosling 's directorial debut will also premiere at the film festival This year 's event will run from May 14 to May 25 Nicole Kidman 's "  Grace of Monaco " will be the opening night film
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish authorities have arrested 25 people suspected in a 10 million euro  $ 13 million  fraud scheme targeting German owners of timeshare vacation property in the Canary Islands , police said Friday . The suspects contacted the timeshare owners , offered lucrative terms to buy their shares and lured the owners into paying what turned out to be non-existent taxes or transfer fees , Spanish national police said in a statement . The timeshare property never actually changed hands , and the suspects vanished , only to surface elsewhere and repeat the alleged scam , police said . With help from the German Embassy in Madrid , investigators identified a web of suspects spread among numerous businesses and locations , mainly on Tenerife Island -- one of the largest of the Canary archipelago of seven islands in the Atlantic Ocean . Authorities arrested 23 German suspects , one Polish suspect and one Swiss suspect late last week , police said . It was not immediately clear how many of the suspects had been arraigned or whether a judge had ordered them to jail or ordered their release . If convicted of fraud , they could face up to six years in prison , a police spokeswoman said . Several million Germans visit Spain annually , especially the Canary Islands and also the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean , and many also own property in the country . They , along with other property owners -- foreigners and Spaniards alike -- have felt the deep economic downturn after Spain 's real estate bubble and construction boom collapsed . Many owners have tried to sell their property , usually finding depressed prices , not the lucrative terms that the suspects allegedly offered to the German timeshare owners .	Canary Islands vacation properties are the target of the scam Police say suspects convinced owners to pay fees for sales that never went through The German Embassy helps uncover a web of suspects Twenty-three German suspects , one Polish suspect and one Swiss suspect are arrested
London , England  CNN  -- Forty years ago London 's docklands were an industrial wasteland . The shipping companies had moved to deeper waters , factories were left abandoned and poverty was rife . It 's hard to believe that in just a few weeks the very same East End docks will be transformed into a St Tropez-style luxury marina worthy of the world 's A-list celebrities . The mega-rich and their superyachts are set to descend on the regenerated Docklands for front row seats to the 2012 London Olympics . And high-end companies are keen to ensure no expense is spared when catering to their every whim . The exclusive experience will include helicopter transfers , speedboat taxis , a specially-constructed beach and even pontoons with private jacuzzis . Watch : The exclusive world of superyachts "  It will be a mini Monaco , " Benjamin Sutton from concierge service MGMT told CNN . "  In terms of location you ca n't get any better . We 're opposite the Excel Center which will be hosting the gymnastics , basketball , wrestling . We 're 5 minutes walk from the Thames Cable Car to the O2 Arena in Greenwich . And the Olympic Stadium is a 10 minute drive away . "  We have preferential tickets to first class events like track and field . We tailor the package around the individual qualms of the client . Pretty much whatever they 'd expect we can offer . " The high-end service comes with a price tag to match . Berths are roughly # 60  $ 90  a meter per day , with a 70-meter superyacht setting you back a whopping # 58,000  $ 90,000  for two weeks of the Games . Celebs set sail Among the wealthy expected at Wood Wharf , Canary Wharf , St Katharine Docks and Royal Victoria Dock in east London are Chelsea football club owner Roman Abramovich . The oligarch 's superyacht Eclipse - believed to boast two helicopter pads , 20 jet skis , two swimming pools , hot tubs , a dance floor and a cinema - was previously chartered by music star couple Beyonc , 30 , and Jay-Z , 42 . "  There is a rumor that George Clooney will also be arriving , " Benjamin revealed . Though he was quick to add : "  But we ca n't reveal for sure who is going to be there . Privacy is very important . " Watch : Designing superyachts And when the superyacht owners come out to play , nearby restaurant and club Waterside House will be offering them the exclusive , high-end entertainment they 've come to expect . A # 1,000 membership will get you into the club 's Black Card lounge for the duration of the Games . It includes access to a specially built 60 meter beach and nightclub where DJ Fatboy Slim is expected to perform . "  It means by definition that the rest of the marquee is also extremely exclusive . " Waterside House founder and director Ali Warburton told CNN . "  These are very , very high-end clientele . We 've got Olympic contestants , oligarchs , ambassadors , celebrities and CEOs of some of the largest companies in the world . "  Superyacht owners are all over it . They 're all billionaires and there 's only a certain amount of time they can spend on their boat . " London 's docklands : From wasteland to luxury It 's a dramatic transformation for an area which in the 1970s had become a deserted wasteland . In fact , the grim image of a ruined city was the perfect setting for Stanley Kubrick 's 1987 Vietnam war film Full Metal Jacket . The docklands had originally secured London 's reputation as a great trading city and by the 1930s was the busiest port in the world . But with the emergence of bigger cargo ships in the 1960s , the shipping industry was forced to move to deep-water ports just outside London in Essex . By 1980 most of London 's docks were obsolete . And it was n't until the London Docklands Development Corporation redeveloped the site in the late 1980s -- including the financial hub of Canary Wharf -- that the docklands was reborn . Watch : The new home of sailing ? The Olympic makeover is the latest development for this historic East End heartland -- one which Benjamin predicts could give it a lasting reputation . "  This is an Olympic-themed platform to launch London as a future destination for superyachts , " he said . "  All these boats that used to go to the Med will now see London as a great place to stop off ; a new launching pad for Europe . "	London 's docklands to be transformed into St. Tropez-style marina for Olympics The East End heartland has been transformed from wasteland to luxury destination Superyacht owners George Clooney and Roman Abramovich rumored to stay London set to be new "  launching pad to Europe " for superyacht owners
A day after he allegedly opened fire in the lobby of a Washington office building , in an act that increasingly appears to be politically motivated , Floyd Lee Corkins II remains largely an enigma . Corkins , 28 , was reportedly a volunteer at an organization in Washington serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender communities . CNN was unable to discern a known job or source of income for Corkin and he did not appear to leave a significant online presence . He had no significant criminal record . But a court filing Wednesday suggests that Corkins may have had something else -- an ideology . And those political leanings could have been behind the Tuesday morning shooting at the Family Research Council , a conservative Christian policy group . Finger-pointing follows shooting Corkins ' parents , interviewed by the FBI following the shooting -- "  informed the FBI Special Agents that Corkins has strong opinions with respect to those he believes do not treat homosexuals in a fair manner , " according to the affidavit . Corkins ' antipathy towards those opposed to homosexuality could explain his alleged actions presence at the Family Research Council headquarters , a group that has been outspoken in its opposition to abortion , same-sex marriage , and other hot-button social issues . After the gunman entered the building , he allegedly shot a security guard without warning , and after being wrestled to the ground , allegedly said words to the effect of "  I do n't like your politics , " according to the affidavit . Corkins lived with his mother and father in a middle class single-family home in Herndon , Virginia , a Washington bedroom community minutes from Dulles International Airport . Six years ago , Corkins earned an advanced degree from a college not far from that home . "  We can confirm that Floyd Corkins graduated from George Mason with a master 's degree from our college of education and human development , " said George Mason University spokesman Dan Walsch . The Washington Post quoted Allan P. Chan , a former George Mason student , as saying he lifted weights and socialized with Corkins . Chan said Corkins was secretive and somewhat odd , and displayed an intense interest in the 19th-century German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche , according to the Post . Mental health evaluation ordered Prosecutors said they are still investigating the motive behind the shooting , and the motive could determine whether Corkins is charged with domestic terrorism or hate crimes . Corkins is charged with the federal offense of interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition , along with the District of Columbia offense of assault with intent to kill while armed . The offenses carry the following maximum penalties : 10 years imprisonment on the federal offense and 30 years imprisonment on the District of Columbia offense . The District of Columbia offense also carries a mandatory-minimum term of five years imprisonment . On Thursday , leaders on all sides of the same-sex marriage issue disavowed the use of violence . "  I was shocked to hear that someone who has volunteered with the DC Center could be the cause of such a tragic act of violence . No matter the circumstances , we condemn such violence in the strongest terms possible , " David Mariner , executive director of the DC Center for the LGBT Community said on a note posted on the center 's door . "  We hope for a full and speedy recovery for the victim and our thoughts are with him and his family . "	Floyd Lee Corkins II , 28 , volunteered at an LGBT center in Washington Corkins had no known job or source of income , no significant criminal record Court filing Wednesday suggests Corkins may have been motivated by ideology
In yet another gruesome attack in Nigeria , suspected Boko Haram militants torched houses in a Nigerian village and killed at least 23 people , a local governor said Wednesday . Gov. Kashim Shettima , the leader of Nigeria 's Borno state , told reporters that he personally saw more than 23 bodies buried in the village of Konduga after an attack Tuesday night . "  I do not know what to call those barbarians that did this , " Shettima said . "  We can not call them Muslims , because Islam does not do this . " Boko Haram is an Islamist militant group that has waged a campaign of violence in northeastern Nigeria , trying to impose their strict version of Sharia , or Islamic law . Borno has been particularly hard hit and is one of three states in the region that 's been under a state of emergency since May due to the bloodshed . On January 26 , for instance , the state 's police commissioner said that Boko Haram militants opened fire on a village market and burned homes in the village of Kawuri . At least 45 people died and another 26 were injured in this attack , which happened as suspected militants on all-terrain vehicles shot at people while traders were closing shop for the day , according to Borno state police commissioner Lawan Tanko . 45 killed in Nigeria market attack	The governor of Nigeria 's Borno state says Boko Haram militants attacked a village He says he saw houses burned , more than 23 people buried in Konduga "  We can not call them Muslims , " the governor says of the attackers Boko Haram is a group trying to implement strict Islamic law in Nigeria
CNN  -- It could have been lifted straight from the case histories of Inspector Jacques Clouseau or Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot . Can you solve the mystery of the missing helmet because Formula One driver Nico Rosberg needs your help . In a bid to track down the protective head gear , which he claims was stolen from a garage at the Nurburgring Circuit in Germany in the early hours of Sunday morning , the Mercedes driver has enlisted his fans ' detective skills . The German , who is sixth in the 2013 world championship , has even posted images on his website of a man appearing to pinch the bright yellow helmet while alone next to Rosberg 's F1 car . Interactive : The workings of a Ferrari steering wheel "  Hi everyone , my race helmet got stolen out of the security guarded team  s garage at N 1/4 rburgring on Sunday at 1.51 a.m. , " the 28-year-old said on his official website . "  Check the picture of the thief ! Let me know if any of you see one . I have never given out an original race helmet . So if you see one then let us know . "  The Schuberth helmet was registered with the Number R-NR 074/02 -13 . The SNELL-Label is ST 270141 . FIA label gold : AH04248 . FIA Label white : Nr . 134 . " Rosberg will hope to have the helmet back for the Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi on October 27 . Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel can wrap up a fourth consecutive drivers ' championship by finishing in the top-five , or if Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso fails to outscore him by more than 10 points .	Nico Rosberg appeals for help to find a lost racing helmet The Formula One drivers says the helmet was stolen on Sunday Rosberg posted photos of the alleged thief on his website
So NBC has signed Bill Cosby for a new sitcom . The 76-year-old comedian is slated to play the patriarch of a multigenerational family , NBC told CNN on Wednesday . Bill Cosby to return to NBC in new sitcom A network representative did not elaborate on anything else involving the show . No doubt , NBC is hoping this version of Cos brings back memories of his eight-year run as the gruff but warmhearted Dr. Cliff Huxtable on "  The Cosby Show " -- and not the failed gumshoe of "  The Cosby Mysteries , " which lasted one season in 1994-95 , or the cranky retiree of "  Cosby "  1996-2000  , which started out strong but sank quickly in the ratings . The return of Cosby coincides with other figures from the '80s and early '90s making their return to prime time in one way or another . Michael J. Fox has been heading a clan on "  The Michael J. Fox Show " since September , and Bob Saget , Dave Coulier and John Stamos are reuniting for a yogurt commercial to air during the Super Bowl .  No word on whether the Olsen twins will be in tow . "  Full House " stars reunite for Super Bowl But nostalgia and Q scores -- those popularity measuring sticks marketers love so much -- only go so far . Sure , Cosby is a popular guy . People still have warm feelings about the comedian , even if it 's been ages since he was TV 's most popular pitchman .  Do n't laugh -- the man 's in the Advertising Hall of Fame . And "  The Cosby Show " was a landmark in TV sitcoms , not only showcasing a bright African-American family but leading the ratings for five straight years in the 1980s . NBC began more than a decade of dominance thanks to "  Cosby 's " success . "  Bill Cosby is always going to be welcomed into people 's homes because of nostalgia for the Huxtables , " says Amanda McClain , a communications professor at Holy Family University in Philadelphia . The trick , however , is the show he 'll be placed in . "  A famous name is itself no guarantee , " wrote Time 's James Poniewozik , observing that Fox 's show has suffered because it 's depended too heavily on memories of the lead instead of making his show interesting . "  Bill Cosby , like the Jell-O he once pitched , remains a beloved brand . But if his show makes it to air , the proof will be not in the brand but in the pudding . " ` Television is n't very reflective of reality ' So what might a new Cosby sitcom look like ? Probably something like America -- whatever that is these days . After all , TV families have always reflected our culture , even if they 've sometimes been a year or two behind the times . In the 1950s , "  Father Knows Best " showed off a happy nuclear family in Springfield , USA . In the 1960s , "  The Dick Van Dyke Show " offered a Kennedyesque household in suburban New York . The 1970s included "  The Brady Bunch , " about a blended clan for a time in which divorce and second marriages were becoming commonplace .  However , divorce was still stigmatized enough that it was never revealed whether Carol Brady was a widow or a divorcee . In the wake of "  All in the Family " and producer Norman Lear 's other edgy shows , 1970s TV families took on the broader appearance of society . "  Good Times " was set in a Chicago housing project ; "  One Day at a Time " featured a single-mother household in Indianapolis . But TV is also nothing if not aspirational , says McClain , and Lear 's unflinching sitcoms -- exceptional even in their time -- were swept aside in the 1980s . "  Television is n't very reflective of reality , " she says . "  There 's underrepresentation of people of color , underrepresentation of many different types of people . Still today , there are very few Asian-American or Latino people on television . " Even "  The Cosby Show , " with its upper-class doctor and lawyer living in Brooklyn Heights , was often more aspirational than realistic , she says . Viewers , however , apparently like aspirational . Since the '80s , the dominant family shows have been "  The Cosby Show " and "  Family Ties , " "  Home Improvement " and "  Everybody Loves Raymond , " "  Two and a Half Men " and "  Modern Family . " Some have unusual family structures -- "  Modern Family , " famously , includes a gay couple , an old-young husband-wife combination and several stepchildren -- but they generally feature white clans and take place in well-off circumstances . Though there have been several sitcoms featuring people of color or folks in working-class circumstances , about the only breakout exception has been "  Roseanne , " Roseanne Barr 's early '90s hit , which regularly reflected genuine working-class circumstances . "  Compared to like the '70s , where you had true diversity -- ` Sanford & Son ' and ` Good Times , ' people of all walks of life , jobs and bank accounts -- today it 's as if we 've regressed in some ways , " says John Griffiths , president of the Gay and Lesbian Entertainment Critics Association and TV critic for Us Weekly . He suggests one reason might be because Hollywood is somewhat insular . "  The networks try really hard at having diverse sitcom writing staffs , but there 's still an issue with a lot of white guys who maybe went to Harvard and live on the west side of L.A. who write these shows , " he says . Next step : Senior citizens ? There have been some attempts to change the view on broadcast television , he points out , though new styles have struggled to catch on . "  The New Normal , " which featured a same-sex couple and their relationship with a surrogate and her family , was canceled after one season ; "  The Middle , " about a middle-class family in Indiana , has plodded along , "  underrated , " in Griffiths ' opinion . Cable television , which has the luxury of targeting its "  reality " shows -- many of which are simply sitcoms in different guise -- at specific demographics , has opted for upscale families  "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians "  , heartland groups  "  Duck Dynasty "  or a mix of flavors  "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo "  . Families come in many forms on television , of course -- what was "  Friends " if not about a family of sorts ? -- and the next wave may include more senior citizens . With baby boomers starting to take care of aging parents and being called "  the sandwich generation , " a Cosby show truly reflecting issues across generations could be a hit , says McClain , the communications professor . Or perhaps a new Cosby show could simply focus on the elderly , Griffiths says . "  The aged are very underrepresented , " he says . He observes that his group 's pick for unsung TV show of the year , HBO 's "  Getting On , " is set in an extended-care unit and includes a closeted homosexual , an African-American nurse and a variety of senior citizens .  HBO is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN . "  It 's almost like a Norman Lear show , " Griffiths says . A Cosby show need not go that far -- it 'll be on NBC , not HBO , after all -- but the lead could make of it what he wants . "  The great thing is that Cosby is at an age where he 'll be playing a grandfather , " Griffiths says . All you need is one successful show to start a trend , and if a wider range of ages is shown on a TV show , it could lead to others . After all , the ultimate family show -- even in these days of DVRs and second screens -- is watching TV , McClain says . "  Television is a family event , " she says . "  Families watch television together . "	Bill Cosby is set to star in a new NBC sitcom "  The Cosby Show " was a landmark family sitcom Latest family sitcoms feature variety of family structures Still , diversity -- of age , wealth , color -- often left out of equation , critics say
CNN  No. 2 Oregon will square off against No. 4 Ohio State for the national championship on Monday night . But this is n't like any other college football national title game from years ' past . This is the first one that will be decided through a playoff system . Here is the what-you-need-to-know information about this game and how the teams got there . 1 . This game is historic for college football For the first time ever , the highest level of college football has a playoff system , something the fans and media have desired for years . This is the first year of the College Football Playoff , a four-team playoff that consists of two national semifinal games and a final . The top four seeds were , in order , Alabama , Oregon , Florida State and Ohio State . The teams were selected by a committee . The College Football Playoff , which replaces the Bowl Championship Series , runs for 12 years through the 2025 season . Despite the change , the bowl-game structure is still in place . No. 2 Oregon routed No. 3 Florida State 59-20 in the Rose Bowl in the first semifinal , while No. 4 Ohio State upset No. 1 Alabama 42-35 in the Sugar Bowl , the second semifinal . Oregon and Ohio State will play for the national championship at AT&T Stadium in Arlington , Texas . There is other history to consider . Coincidentally , the first time that men 's college basketball had a national championship game , back in 1939 , the two teams were Oregon and Ohio State . The Ducks won that game against the Buckeyes , 46-33 , on Northwestern 's campus in Evanston , Illinois . But with Oregon 's super-fast-paced offense -- and Ohio State 's ability to go high tempo as well -- there is a chance the football game might have an even higher score . 2 . Historic for TV , too ESPN ponied up $ 7.3 billion -- that 's billion with a "  B " -- for the rights to broadcast the College Football Playoff for 12 years . It 's an investment that already seems to be paying off , as the semifinals set records for cable TV . According to ESPN , 28.2 million viewers tuned in to watch Oregon defeat Florida State in the Rose Bowl . The Sugar Bowl , in which Ohio State shocked Alabama , attracted 28.3 million viewers . Both of those games were the highest-rated shows in cable TV history . Compared to last year , the Sugar Bowl saw a 130 percent ratings ' increase , while the Rose Bowl increased by 45 percent . Expect record-breaking numbers for Oregon vs. Ohio State . 3 . This game is such a big deal , cities are adjusting their names At least in Ohio , anyway . The city of Oregon , which is near Toledo , announced it would be known as "  Oregon , Ohio Buckeyes on the Bay , City of Duck Hunters . " The new name is a play on the city 's "  Oregon on the Bay , City of Opportunity " slogan . Additionally , Urbana , Ohio , elected a temporary name change , announcing on Facebook it would drop the "  a " and become "  Urban " in support of the Buckeyes and their coach , Urban Meyer . When asked for his reaction , Meyer said , "  Wow . That 's very nice . " It does n't appear that there are any name changes in the works in the state of Oregon , but the fandom at times still borderlines on religious , particularly for the Ducks ' star player , Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Marcus Mariota . Earlier this season , a student from O'Hara Catholic School in Eugene informed Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich the talk around the school : "  There 's Jesus , there 's girls , and there 's Marcus Mariota . " Helfrich could n't help but laugh . "  We 've got a poster in the works , " he joked . 4 . Unlikely story : Heisman Trophy winner vs. a third-string quarterback Talk about different circumstances . Oregon has been hovering around the top of the college rootball rankings all season , led by the quiet and calm Mariota . Aside from an upset loss to Arizona , Oregon has been steady all season with Mariota running the offense . This season , the junior has completed 68.6 % of his passes , throwing for 40 touchdowns and just three interceptions . Meanwhile , Ohio State 's season looked like it had ended before it even began . Starting quarterback and Heisman candidate Braxton Miller suffered a noncontact shoulder injury in practice in August and was out for the season . With little time to prepare , inexperienced backup quarterback J.T. Barrett took over for the Buckeyes , struggling in an early-season loss at home to then-unranked Virginia Tech in Week 2 . At that point , no one put Ohio State in the College Football Playoff conversation . Ultimately , the struggles did n't last , as Barrett ending up flourishing in Ohio State 's offense , becoming a Heisman contender himself . However , against rival Michigan -- the Buckeyes ' final game before the Big Ten Championship game -- Barrett suffered a broken ankle , ending his season . Again , Ohio State looked to be finished , stuck on the outside of the College Football Playoff top four rankings . Down to barely-used third-string quarterback Cardale Jones , Ohio State stunned the college football world , routing then-No . 13 Wisconsin 59-0 in the Big Ten championship game . It was Jones ' first career start . The win catapulted Ohio State into the College Football Playoff . But Jones was n't done . The sophomore , who is nicknamed "  12 Gauge " because of his uniform number and arm strength , shocked fans again , leading the Buckeyes to the upset win against Alabama in the semifinals . 5 . This matchup never would have happened with the BCS It 's widely assumed that the old system , the BCS , would never have pitted Oregon and Ohio State to play for a national championship . The BCS used human polls , computer rankings , and strength of schedule to match the top two teams in the country to play for the national title , and the process had always been open to criticism . With that formula , Ohio State would n't have had a chance , and Oregon 's hopes probably would have been slim . It 's likely that defending national champion Florida State , who was undefeated in the regular season , would have played Southeastern Conference champion Alabama if the BCS was still in place .	Monday 's national championship game first in new playoff system It 's a matchup of Heisman winner versus a third-string quarterback Oregon and Ohio State played in first men 's hoops championship
