A federal judge Wednesday ordered the government to pay more than $ 17 million to a family that lost four members when a U.S. Marine Corps jet crashed into a California house in 2008 . The family of Don Yoon -- who lost his wife , two young daughters , and mother-in-law -- said it believed it was a "  thoughtful , fair , and reasoned decision " by the judge , said Brian Panish , lead counsel for the family . Relatives had sought $ 56 million from the federal government , but in the end were awarded $ 17.8 million . "  I think the judge was trying to send a message that family is important , " Panish said of the judgment ordered by U.S. District Judge Jeffrey Miller . CNN iReport : Neighbor was first to call 911 An F/A -18 Hornet headed to nearby Marine Corps Air Station Miramar crashed into the family 's house in San Diego on December 8 , 2008 , after the pilot reported having trouble . The house and another unoccupied one next door were destroyed by the ensuing fire . The pilot , who ejected safely at 400 feet , tried desperately to steer the plane away from danger and screamed in horror when he saw it had crashed into the house , military documents showed . Killed in the crash were Yoon 's daughter Rachel , who was almost 2 months old ; his 15-month-old daughter Grace ; his wife , Young Mi Moon ; and her mother , Suk Im Kim , who had recently come to the United States from Korea to help take care of the children . Wednesday 's verdict came almost exactly seven years after Yoon married his late wife on Christmas Day 2004 , said Panish . Yoon has said he does not blame the pilot and has urged prayers for the pilot not to suffer . Yoon still lives in San Diego , with his sister and brother-in-law , Panish said . He said Yoon has been "  doing the best he can to get through every day , but it 's very difficult for him to have such a tragic loss without warning . " In a statement read by Panish , Yoon said , "  Our family is relieved that this part of the process is over , but no sum of money will ever make up for the loss of our loved ones . I still harbor no ill will towards the United States Marine Corps and the pilot that did all he could to prevent this tragedy . " Panish said family members who testified stayed strong and told the story of a loving family and how immeasurable they felt the losses were . He praised the judge for understanding those family relationships . "  The only way to know what someone lost is to know what they had , and he got what they had , and he could measure as best you can the tremendous loss they suffered , " Panish said . Some of those who testified at the trial spoke Korean and had to use an interpreter , Panish said . He said he hopes the government will abide by the judge 's ruling . U.S. Justice Department attorney Bruce Ross told the judge that the family was entitled to "  just and reasonable " damages , CNN San Diego affiliate KGTV reported . The Marine Corps sacked four top officers of the fighter squadron and disciplined nine other Marines after an investigation showed deferred maintenance and faulty decisions by ground controllers and the pilot contributed to the crash . The investigation found the jet 's right engine experienced a string of emergencies that left it relying on the left engine , which had already given mechanics indications of a problem . Though maintenance rules do n't require immediate repairs for the problem , the squadron flew the jet 146 times before it eventually crashed because the left engine was starved for fuel . The investigation criticized the pilot for not consulting a pocket checklist that outlined emergency procedures . And while controllers aboard the aircraft carrier that launched the jet urged the pilot to land at a nearby Navy airfield at North Island , squadron officers relied on "  incorrect assumptions and inaccurate data " to guide him back to the plane 's base at Miramar , the investigation found .	Don Yoon lost his wife , two infant daughters and mother-in-law in the crash The family had sought $ 56 million from the federal government The jet crash happened in December 2008
CNN  -- Police on Friday identified the gunman who walked into a Pittsburgh psychiatric hospital and started shooting as 30-year-old John Shick . Pittsburgh police Cmdr. Thomas Stangrecki initially told reporters that attempts to name the man , who was not carrying identification , had failed . But later Friday said authorities had determined his identity and were reviewing his personal computer as part of their investigation . Shick was shot and killed by police Thursday , but not before he killed hospital employee Michael Schaab , 25 , and injured seven others . "  It was clear that Michael was truly a leader among our staff , and he was beloved by the geriatric patients whom he cared for every day , " said hospital President Claudia Roth . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this time . " Roth called the incident a "  senseless act of violence " that "  has had a profound impact on all of us who knew and admired him . " "  He will be greatly missed , " she said . A law enforcement source told CNN 's Susan Candiotti that Shick is believed to be a transient from the western United States . Shick 's Pittsburgh apartment was being searched Friday evening . One of the two 9mm handguns recovered was traced to New Mexico and the other was traced to Texas , the law enforcement source said . It was not known whether the weapons were legally purchased or how Shick allegedly came to have them . Investigators also recovered an extra box of ammunition , the source said . The guns generally hold about 15 rounds . It remained unclear how many rounds were fired before the suspect was killed by police . Four people remained hospitalized Friday , according to hospital spokeswoman Wendy Zellner . They include a 46-year-old man listed in fair condition , a 64-year-old woman in serious condition , a 35-year-old man in good condition and a 49-year-old man in serious condition , authorities said . A 54-year-old woman was released from the hospital Friday . "  This is a tragic day , a sad day , a senseless day , " Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said after the shooting Thursday at the medical center . The assailant walked through the psychiatric hospital 's front door with a pair of semi-automatic handguns around 1:40 p.m. , according to Ravenstahl . Officers from the University of Pittsburgh Police Department arrived within "  a matter of minutes " and "  engaged " the gunman , the mayor added . "  There is no doubt that their swift response saved lives today , " said Ravenstahl , lauding the police officers ' "  courage and willingness to step up . " Those wounded were swiftly ushered to nearby UPMC Presbyterian . All are expected to survive . Officials said two of the five hospitalized patients have undergone surgery . iReporter was on the scene Ravenstahl said that a University of Pittsburgh police officer "  was grazed with a bullet , and I believe he is doing well . " Steven Bartholomew , a spokesman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said his agency is "  working with Pittsburgh police and other authorities in the investigation . " "  Any firearms recovered will be traced to determine their source , " Bartholomew said . At one point Thursday , the University of Pittsburgh 's official Twitter account had a message that suggested a "  possible 2nd actor " was involved and called for a lockdown . But later Thursday , the medical center 's Twitter feed had a message that "  there was no second shooter " and there was "  no hostage situation , " as had been reported elsewhere . Roth , the psychiatric hospital 's president , said after the shooting that treatment at the facility "  will be uncompromised , " with care continuing to be delivered through the day and night "  the same way we always have . " CNN 's Jeremy Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials search suspect 's apartment , source says NEW : One of five hospitalized patients released Michael Schaab , 25 , died after being shot by the gunman Those who remain hospitalized are all employees of the psychiatric hospita
CNN  -- Illinois put an end to capital punishment Wednesday as Gov. Pat Quinn signed legislation abolishing the practice and commuting the sentences of his state 's remaining death row inmates . The move came 11 years after a spate of death-row exonerations prompted one of Quinn 's predecessors to halt executions . In announcing his decision , Quinn said that a flawed system of capital punishment had put the state in "  grave danger " of putting innocent prisoners to death and that creating a "  mistake-free " system was impossible . "  Having said that , we can not have a death-penalty system in our state which kills innocents , and unfortunately our system was in grave danger of doing exactly that in 20 instances , " he said . Illinois conducted its last execution in 1999 . Then-Gov . George Ryan , a Republican , halted executions in 2000 after revelations that 20 death-row convicts were not guilty of the crimes that put them there . Ryan commuted 167 death sentences to life in prison without parole , and Quinn commuted another 15 on Wednesday . Quinn 's move leaves 34 states and the federal government with capital punishment on the books . Illinois is the third state to abolish the practice since 2007 , and a court ruling struck down New York 's death-penalty law in 2004 . Quinn , a Democrat , took office after the 2009 impeachment of Gov. Rod Blagojevich and won a full term in November . During the campaign , he said he would support keeping the death penalty for the "  most severe " crimes . But he said Wednesday that he had "  no regrets " about his decision . "  I think it 's the right and just thing to abolish the death penalty and punish those who commit heinous crimes , evil people , with life in prison without parole or any chance of release , " said Quinn . Several prosecutors and the Fraternal Order of Police had lobbied to keep the death penalty , arguing that reforms passed after Ryan 's moratorium had improved the system and that the threat of execution deterred crime . Ted Street , the state FOP president , said execution should remain a potential punishment in "  extreme cases " like the killing of a police officer or a child . And police and prosecutors have used the threat of the death penalty to help obtain a suspect 's cooperation , he said . "  The criminal , when they know their cooperation in an investigation will yield that case not being forwarded to the death penalty , they might be more cooperative . And we 've seen that many times , " Street said . He predicted opponents in the legislature would try to reinstate capital punishment before long . "  I believe it 's going to prove over time to be problematic , " Street said . And state Sen. William Haine , one of several Democrats to oppose repeal , said Quinn should have pushed for a statewide debate and a referendum on whether to keep capital punishment . "  This removes a remedy of the people of Illinois for great and evil acts of a unique kind : wanton cruelty , terrorism , rape and murder , the butchery of small children , mass murder , " said Haine , from the southern city of Alton . "  It removes a remedy for the community to seek the penalty of death in which someone forfeits one 's life for these great wrongs committed to innocent people . " But Quinn 's decision drew swift praise from the American Civil Liberties Union , which called it a "  historic stand " by the governor and state lawmakers . "  Executions in this country are carried out as part of an unequal system of justice , in which innocent people are too often sentenced to death and decisions about who lives and who dies are largely dependent upon the skill of their attorneys , the race of their victim , their socioeconomic status and where the crime took place , " John Holdridge , director of the ACLU Capital Punishment Project , said in a statement issued after Quinn 's announcement . "  Such arbitrary and discriminatory administration of the death penalty , which comes at an enormous financial cost to taxpayers , is the very definition of a failed system , and the state of Illinois is to be commended for ending it . " And the Catholic Conference of Illinois said abolishing the death penalty "  advances the development of a culture of life in our state . " "  No longer will there be a risk in Illinois that an innocent person will be convicted and sentenced to death . The law becomes effective on July 1 , 2011 , " the conference said in a written statement . It added , "  Society will continue to be protected and those who commit crimes will still be held accountable through alternatives to the death penalty , including life without parole . "	Gov. Pat Quinn says his decision was "  the right and just thing " Illinois held its last execution in 1999 The state halted executions after 20 condemned convicts were exonerated
Apple has set Sept. 9 as the date for a big announcement . What will the company unveil ? "  Wish we could say more , " reads an invitation sent to media members on Thursday . Multiple reports over the past few months have suggested that Apple plans to roll out two versions of an iPhone 6 this year , with screens that are 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches , when measured diagonally . Is bigger really better for Apple ? That would be a massive leap from the iPhone 5S and 5C 's 4-inch screens and an apparent move to battle competitors like Samsung and HTC who have been making bigger phones for years . But the "  say more " tease prompted immediate speculation that new phones might not be all that 's on the agenda . The safest bet is that a long-anticipated "  iWatch " smartwatch will be introduced as well . Apple was granted a patent for a smartwatch in July and reports have suggested now is the time for its debut . The device , which will compete with existing offerings from Samsung and other top competitors , is expected to have a heavy focus on health and fitness apps . The Apple event will be at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts , a 2,400-seat venue in the company 's hometown of Cupertino , California . Apple has traditionally rolled out new iPhones in the fall , in advance of the winter holiday season .	Apple sets Sept. 9 as date for an event Company could unveil the iPhone 6 and a smartwatch iPhones reportedly will have bigger display screens Invitation teases : "  Wish we could say more "
CNN  -- WARNING : Contains strong language In an episode of the cartoon television series South Park -- "  Le Petit Tourette " -- one of its characters , Cartman , overhears a child with Tourette 's syndrome swearing . Thinking that this is the best excuse ever for being able to swear and be racist without fear of punishment , Cartman proceeds to pretend to have Tourette 's . But as the episode progresses what starts out as a funny joke for him soon turns into a Freudian reversal when he ca n't actually stop saying exactly what is on his mind , leading to him involuntarily reveal that he has touched another boy 's penis and has fantasies about one of the girls at school . Read more : What to do about scourge of Web The recent spate of "  trolling " on Twitter seem to me to have echoes of this scenario . The trolls are like Cartman -- men  usually , but not exclusively  using the currently chaotic and inefficiently moderated forum of Twitter in much in the same way as Cartman uses Tourette 's , as permission to express the forbidden thought -- "  I can say whatever I want ! ... " Cartman sings delightedly . "  I 've got the golden ticket ! " But there has been a real sense of unhinged mania in the frenetic activity of Twitter "  trolling " in the past week , which has shown no sign of abating . Caitlin Moran claims that on a bad day she can get up to 50 tweets an hour that are violent or abusive . While no one wants to be on the receiving end of these messages , anyone who writes "  Rape threats ? Do n't flatter yourself . Call the cops . We 'll rape them too . YOU B * TCH ! YO P ** SY STANK ! " or ridiculous and faintly surreal bomb threats , is certainly not winning at life . Judging from her Twitter feed , for Caroline Criado-Perez it 's turned into a full time job , lobbing all those comments back to where they came , reporting and blocking people who only pop up again somewhere else like a maddening whack-a-mole . But this is unsustainable in the long term and the people who are engaging in this kind of behavior are certainly getting off on the attention . As one might expect the general "  troll " profile in this instance is immature or disenfranchised men with a misogynist agenda . Criado-Perez deserves a medal for taking them on , and especially for exposing the "  do n't feed the trolls " line which has been a convenient way of allowing their hate speak to thrive . But there is more than just a "  report abuse " function needed to stop this from happening . The sustained nature of these attacks is frightening as is the way in which Twitter has responded . Yes , it 's a matter for the police , but there are simply too many of them to arrest everyone and the abusers know this . Read more : Calls for action as female journalists get bomb threats on Twitter Twitter has been caught on the back foot . First in tolerating it under the fig leaf of freedom of speech  since when has threatening someone with rape or violence been expressing an opinion ?  , and then by treating the matter with a diffidence only possible in the Rayndian environment of Silicon Valley . That it 's taken them so long to respond is indicative of their inability to grasp the seriousness of the situation . But the problem for Twitter is that these people are in danger of turning the platform into the equivalent of a manky , crime ridden shopping center -- full of sketchy types , obscene graffiti and broken street furniture -- and who wants to have a conversation there ? The platform technologists have a responsibility to provide a solution , and to start acting like the publishers that they patently are . They have responded , as any company getting bad PR must , but whether this will actually change the atmosphere on Twitter -- as well as misogyny there are serious issues with anti-Semitism and racism too -- remains to be seen . Read more : Twitter updates abuse rules after UK backlash There is also the sense that this is a backlash against a series of high profile social media-driven campaigns -- not just Caroline Criado-Perez 's banknote campaign , but the campaign to tone down lads ' mags , to get rid of Page 3  please , not soon enough  , and to do something about the freely available violent pornography on the internet . The so-called "  trolls " themselves evidently think they are being in some way edgy or humorous -- the kids who never grew out of making fart jokes -- but much like Cartman , given license to say anything , they end up revealing much more about themselves than they ever meant to . In their unhinged attempts at "  humor " they also expose the discourse of a violent , knee-jerk misogyny abroad in our wider pornified culture , which brings to mind Germaine Greer 's famous statement "  women have very little idea how much men hate them . " Well -- thanks to the access to the collective unconscious that is Twitter -- we do now . There is even a suggestion that some of these men are operating in a systematic group way much like online pedophiles , and how long before they act out on one of their hateful fantasies ? The more uncomfortable question to answer is why , and what can be done about it . While women wait for Twitter to sort itself out , troll-shaming seems like a good place to start as Mary Beard proved recently when she retweeted abuse saying : "  Sorry about that nasty retweet . But I 'm not going to be terrorized . " The Mirror reported that another Twitter user then offered to send Beard the address of the troll 's mother -- at which point the troll apologized . We also need to galvanize the men who do n't hate women -- as I 've always thought Greer 's comment was missing the word "  some " -- guys , we need your help here too . Maybe someone should start a Twitter campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julia Bell .	Trolls use the "  chaotic " forum of Twitter to express forbidden thought , says Julia Bell . Immature or disenfranchised men with a mysogynist agenda post abuse , she says Bell says Twitter 's response shows it has not grasped the seriousness of the situation She says trolls should be shamed and men who do n't hate women be galvanized
CNN  -- Paris Hilton 's comments about gay men who use a cell phone app for sexual hook ups were expressions of concern about the dangers of unprotected sex , not homophobic slurs , her publicist said Thursday . The Hollywood socialite said , "  Gay guys are the horniest people in the world , " called them "  disgusting " and suggested "  most of them probably have AIDS " in the short conversation secretly recorded by a New York cab driver two weeks ago , according to RadarOnline . The online celebrity gossip site did not identify the driver or reveal how much , if anything , was paid for the recording published Thursday . Hilton 's publicist , in a statement sent to CNN Thursday , confirmed the recording was authentic , but said , "  It was not her intent to make any derogatory comments about all gays . " "  Paris Hilton is a huge supporter of the gay community and would never purposefully make any negative statements about anyone 's sexual orientation , " the statement said . Paris Hilton makes DJ debut Hilton was riding in a cab with "  an openly gay male model " during New York Fashion Week in the early morning hours of Friday , September 7 , RadarOnline reported . The gay friend was showing Hilton the iPhone app Grindr , which advertises itself as the "  most popular all-male location-based social network out there , " offering "  quick , convenient , and discreet " connections , RadarOnline reported . "  Say I log into Grindr , someone that 's on Grindr can be in that building and it tells you all the locations of where they are and you can be like , ` Yo , you wan na f -- k ? ' and he might be on like , the sixth floor , " the male voice is heard saying . "  Ewww ! Gay guys are the horniest people in the world , " Hilton said . "  They 're disgusting . Dude , most of them probably have AIDS . ... I would be so scared if I were a gay guy . You 'll like , die of AIDS . " "  Paris Hilton 's comments were to express that it is dangerous for anyone to have unprotected sex that could lead to a life threatening disease , " her publicist said . America 's most overexposed celebs RadarOnline was "  only provided a portion of the conversation , " the statement said of the 50-second-long clip . "  The conversation became heated , after a close gay friend told her in a cab ride , a story about a gay man who has AIDS and is knowingly having unprotected sex , " the Hilton statement said . "  He also discussed a website that encourages random sex by gay men with strangers . As she was being shown the website , her comments were in reference to those people promoting themselves on the site . " Ironically , a sex tape was a major factor in boosting Hilton 's celebrity status . The great-granddaughter of hotel mogul Conrad Hilton was captured in a grainy video having sex with boyfriend Rick Salomon . It surfaced in 2003 , just days before the debut of her reality TV series "  The Simple Life , " which subsequently registered high ratings . The man who ` made ' Paris Hilton CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	"  Gay guys are the horniest people in the world , " Hilton says in secret recording "  Paris Hilton is a huge supporter of the gay community , " Hilton 's publicist says A cab driver recorded Hilton talking to a gay friend , RadarOnline says Hilton was expressing dangers of unprotected sex , says publicist
CNN  -- Ever caught a glimpse of the secretive Iberian lynx ? Or heard the croaking bark of a Mediterranean monk seal ? Arctic foxes are trapped and skinned for the pelts . If not , and you want to do so , you had better hurry because pollution and habitat degradation have pushed both species to the brink of extinction . According to a recent study by the Switzerland-based World Conservation Union  IUCN  human activity is threatening almost one-sixth of Europe 's total land mammal population . Among marine mammals the situation is even more grave , with some 22 percent of total numbers being pushed towards annihilation . The IUCN 's recently published European Mammal Assessment identified 17 European mammal species that are "  vulnerable , " seven that are "  endangered , " and six that are "  critically endangered . " The Mediterranean monk seal population , for example , has now dwindled to just 350-450 individuals . The outlook for the Iberian lynx is even worse , with only an estimated 150 still surviving , making it the most endangered cat species on earth . Other species on the critically endangered list include the Arctic fox , Bavarian pine vole , European mink and North Atlantic Right whale . "  This new assessment proves that many European mammals are declining at an alarming rate , " said IUCN Director-General Julia Marton-Lefèvre , a position echoed by the EU 's Environment Commissioner Stavros Dimas . "  The results of the report highlight the challenge we currently face to halt the loss of Europe 's biodiversity , " said Dimas . "  It is clear that the full implementation of the Habitats Directive  adopted by the EU in 1992 to safeguard Europe 's endangered wildlife  is of the utmost importance to protect Europe 's native mammals . " Europe is home to a rich diversity of native mammal species ranging from the small such as shrews and voles , to the large such as wolves and brown bears . to the enormous -- in the case of the 70-ton North Atlantic Right Whale . Human activity , however , especially in the form of agriculture , deforestation , hunting and pollution , has reduced the numbers of these species , leaving many of them in danger of vanishing . The aforementioned Habitats Directive -- a corollary of the 1979 Bern Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats -- introduced a range of measures aimed at protecting endangered species  including plants , birds and fish as well as mammals  . That directive has certainly had an effect , with a number of mammals that previously seemed destined to disappear from Europe now enjoying something of a revival . The Alpine Ibex , for example , was almost hunted out in the 19th century , its population reduced to just a small group of survivors in Italy 's Gran Paradiso National Park . Thanks to extensive conservation and protection efforts , however , the species is once again flourishing and has been downgraded to the "  least concern " category on the IUCN 's "  Red List . " It is the same story for the European bison , which was limited to just a few zoos before re-introduction programs across eastern Europe helped re-build the population to current levels of around 1,800 . "  The fate of the European bison provides an example of the way in which a species may be brought to the brink of extinction in a very short time , and then saved only through great efforts , " said Dr. Zbigniew Krasinski of Poland 's Bialowieza National Park . "  The saving of the bison has been an undoubted success , although further action will continue to be essential . " Dr. Jean-Christophe Vie , Deputy Head of the IUCN 's Species Program , agrees that significant progress has been made . "  In Europe we now have a network of protected areas , as well as strong conservation laws , " he told CNN . "  It is possible for species to recover even when their numbers drop to extinction level . "  Both the Alpine Ibex and European bison are recovering well because of appropriate conservation measures . "  The European beaver is another example . It was persecuted almost to extinction but has now been re-introduced and is colonizing all over the continent . " While there are positive stories , however , the overall picture remains a disheartening one , as the European Mammal Assessment demonstrates . Commissioned by the European Commission and a year in the drafting , it is the first such overview of its kind and draws on the work of a Europe-wide group of scientists , zoologists and conservationists . Its findings provide an unequivocal picture of biodiversity loss and species decline . Habitat destruction , usually due to agricultural practices , is the key driver of that decline , although many other factors are involved , including pollution , disease and the introduction of invasive foreign species . The case of the European mink , one of the IUCN 's six critically endangered European mammals , is an example of how different elements can combine to drive a particular species to the brink of destruction . Once found in great numbers across Europe from Spain to the Urals , the mink population has plummeted in recent years . While hunting has certainly contributed to this decline , the main causes have been habitat loss and competition from invasive foreign species , according to Vie . "  The mink is freshwater dependent , " explains Vie . "  The more you damage its habitat by polluting rivers , or channeling them , or building dams , the more the population declines . " The introduction of the American mink into Europe for fur-rearing also proved disastrous , with some of those mink escaping from captivity , establishing their own colonies in the wild and setting up direct competition for food and resources with the native population . The result : an 80 percent decline in that population in the last decade alone  in 1993 the IUCN only classified it as "  vulnerable "  . But experts say that species loss can be reversed . "  There is more and more perception across Europe that biodiversity conservation is crucially important , " says Vie . "  And we are seeing good recoveries in some species . "  The picture in the mammal world is not nearly as bad as , say , among freshwater fish , where the number of threatened species is far , far higher . " At the same time , the latest figures remain a source of considerable concern . At a time when so many conservation initiatives and laws are already in operation , the population of many European mammal species is in apparent free fall . It is not simply the possibility of losing a particular species that worries experts , but also how the loss will affect the species ' wider ecosystem "  The food web is extremely complex , " says Vie . "  If you lose one element that has a very specific role in that web , it has a knock-on effect and the whole system is threatened . "  It is very worrying . Some people think it is a disaster if a famous painting is lost in a fire , but that is just the work of a few weeks or months . These species and systems are the product of millions of years of evolution . "  I am biased , of course , but I think it would be an absolute tragedy if we lost these native species . " E-mail to a friend	Only an estimated 150 Iberian lynx remain Human activity is endangering many animals Experts say situation is redeemable
CNN  -- In the crowded world of social media , with its virtual currency of likes and followers , some people will do anything for attention . Post a meme on Facebook . Create a parody account on Twitter . And in extreme cases , spread something shocking or offensive . In these tender days after the Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings , bad behavior on social media has some observers wondering : Should people be criminally liable for false or threatening information they post online ? And could they be successfully prosecuted ? Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance jump-started this discussion Sunday when he complained to reporters about people posting fake information on social media related to Friday 's fatal shootings of 26 people , 20 of them young children , at Sandy Hook Elementary School . "  There has been misinformation from people posing as the shooter in this case , posing using other IDs , mimicking this crime and crime scene and criminal activity that took place in this community . There 's been some things in somewhat of a threatening manner , " he said . "  These issues are crimes . They will be investigated , statewide and federally , " he added . "  Prosecution will take place when people who are perpetrating this information are identified . " Vance would not elaborate on which posts he was talking about . But a quick search of Twitter found a handful of new accounts seemingly created to piggyback on the notoriety of Adam Lanza , the alleged gunman . One was written as if from Lanza 's perspective and made profane boasts about the massacre . It had almost 900 followers Monday night before being taken down . "  It 's sick . It 's hateful . But I do n't know what they  police  can do about that , " said Lauri Stevens , a social media strategist who works as a consultant to law enforcement agencies . Other tweets encouraged people to take violent action against members of the National Rifle Association , the gun-rights lobby . After shooting , cops take no-tolerance approach to copycat threats In the U.S. , laws governing online harassment , threats and impersonating others vary from state to state . In Connecticut , harassment can be a felony , depending on the severity of the threats , and punishable by up to five years in prison . Since the Newtown shootings , state authorities have emphasized the law applies to online communications as well as other forms . "  Anyone who harasses or threatens the victims , the victims ' families or witnesses of these horrific crimes or who in any manner interferes with the ongoing state or federal investigations will be referred for state and or federal prosecution to the fullest extent permitted by law , " said Tom Carson , a spokesman for the Connecticut U.S. Attorney 's office . "  Harassment not only includes in-person contact , but also contact via the Internet , social media and telephone . " Despite the disturbing nature of some social-media messages about the shootings , several legal experts contacted by CNN questioned whether Connecticut authorities could successfully bring charges against whoever posted them . Prosecutions over social-media activity are still rare . In October a 19-year-old man was sentenced to 12 weeks in jail in the UK for posting what a judge called "  despicable " comments on his Facebook page about a missing 5-year-old girl . And in a highly publicized cyberbullying case , a Missouri woman was convicted in 2008 after prosecutors say she created a fake MySpace profile to befriend and then abandon a 13-year-old neighbor girl , leading the girl to hang herself . Federal prosecutors charged the woman , Lori Drew , under a statute which bans unauthorized access to computers . But a judge overturned the conviction , saying that if Drew was to be found guilty of illegally accessing a computer , anyone who ever violated MySpace 's terms of service would be guilty of a misdemeanor . "  We have a free-speech baseline in this country . Saying things about the Connecticut shooting ` somewhat in a threatening manner ' ... is not going to be actionable for the most part , " Ryan Calo , an assistant professor at the University of Washington School of Law , told CNN 's Josh Levs . "  What the prosecution would have to show is that the post , or the tweet or whatever it happens to be , was done intentionally ... in order to interfere with the investigation , in order to create a public panic , " Calo added . "  And that 's a relatively high bar to show . " Stevens , the social media consultant , believes authorities would have better luck going after social media users whose behavior crosses the line "  from saying insulting things ... to making someone feel unsafe . " She cited the case of a Toronto man who was arrested last month and charged with criminal harassment after sending a woman a series of offensive Twitter messages . The woman , Stephanie Guthrie , built her case by documenting his tweets through screen capture and an unlisted Storify account . "  Unfortunately , when it comes to harassment , the onus is on the victim to collect as much information as they can , " Guthrie told The Toronto Star . Stevens believes there would be more prosecutions of such cases if more cops were familiar enough with social platforms to investigate claims of online harassment . Police also would need cooperation from companies such as Facebook and Twitter , which typically have been reluctant to reveal users ' identities , she said . "  We do n't have a lot of legal precedent . So people are at a loss for what to do , " she said . It remains to be seen whether Connecticut authorities bring charges against any social media users in relation to the Newtown case . But Ben Wizner of the American Civil Liberties Union believes they have an uphill battle . "  The police are there to protect our safety and not our feelings , " said Wizner , director of the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy & Technology Project . "  If his  Vance 's  suggestion is that anyone who posts false information about this case on social media is subject to arrest , that would be extremely unconstitutional . "  There 's a tendency  among law enforcement  to overreact to new technology . But the legal issues are the same , " he said . "  I can understand why law enforcement would be upset about the spread of false information . But that does n't make it criminal . "	Connecticut police : Social media users have posted fake info about Newtown shootings New Twitter accounts seem created to piggyback on the notoriety of the alleged gunman Legal experts question whether authorities could successfully bring charges over online posts ACLU free-speech expert : "  The police are there to protect our safety and not our feelings "
CNN  -- As the number of suspected and confirmed swine flu cases continued to rise around the world , health officials announced new measures to contain the outbreak . Quarantine officers monitor arrivals with a thermographic device at Bangkok 's main international airport . By Tuesday , the swine flu outbreak in Mexico was suspected in 159 deaths and roughly 2,500 illnesses , Mexican health officials said . So far , the World Health Organization says at least 104 cases have been confirmed worldwide , including 64 in the United States ; 26 in Mexico ; six in Canada ; three in New Zealand ; two each in Spain , the United Kingdom and Israel . With at least 11 other countries suspecting infections , the World Health Organization has raised its alert level from three to four on its six-level scale . The following is sample of what some countries are doing to combat the virus : CANADA Cases : Six mild cases Measures : Issued a travel health notice , saying its public health agency was "  tracking clusters of severe respiratory illness with deaths in Mexico . " Tell us what you think about the swine flu outbreak CHINA Cases : None Measures : Banned pork imports from Mexico , and from California , Kansas and Texas in the United States . INDIA Cases : None Watch how public health officials grade phases of pandemic alerts " Measures : Indian health officials advised citizens to postpone their non-essential travel to the swine flu-hit regions . Stepped up surveillance at ports and airports . States asked to review their preparedness . INDONESIA Cases : None Measures : Increased surveillance ; testing the temperatures of travelers flying into the country . ISRAEL Cases : Two  a third is suspected Israel 's Health Ministry confirmed a second case of swine flu Tuesday . The man is in good condition , according to a spokeswoman at Meir Hospital . The first patient , who tested positive after a visit to Mexico , was recovering , and his 5-year-old niece was suspected of having the disease , said a spokeswoman at Laniado Hospital in Netanya . She is undergoing testing and treatment . Measures : The Health Ministry has not issued special instructions to the public , nor adopted measures for monitoring those returning from Mexico . The country is calling the outbreak "  Mexico flu " so that citizens do not have to pronounce the name of an animal considered impure in Judaism and Islam . Watch efforts in Mexico to prevent spread of the virus " JAPAN Cases : None Measures : The foreign ministry suspended visa waivers for visitors from Mexico . Airport officials are checking passengers before they disembark . KENYA Cases : None Measures : Screening passengers from Europe and the Americas at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi . Government encourages Kenyans to defer traveling to Mexico . Kenya set up 26 screening centers to test people for avian flu following that outbreak a few years ago , and will also use the centers for swine flu testing . MEXICO Cases : 159 deaths are thought to have been caused by swine flu , according to Jose Angel Cordova , Mexico 's secretary of health . iReport.com : Do you think we should be worried about swine flu ? So far , however , only 26 cases -- 19 infections and seven deaths -- have been confirmed by laboratory tests in Mexico and reported to the World Health Organization . Measures : Mexico City has closed its schools and universities until further notice . It has also ordered restaurants only to serve takeaway meals , so customers do not congregate . In addition , bars , clubs , movie theaters , pool halls , gyms , sport centers and convention halls have been told to close until May 5 . Troops passed out 4 million filter masks in the city of 20 million residents . Officials are considering shutting down the bus and subway systems . Citizens are asked to avoid large crowds , refrain from kissing , and stay at least six feet from one another . The World Bank is offering $ 205 million to deal with the outbreak . NEW ZEALAND Cases : 11 Nine students , a teacher and another person who returned to New Zealand from Mexico over the weekend have confirmed cases of swine flu . Health officials said their symptoms are mild , and they are responding well to treatment . The students and teacher were part of a group from Auckland 's Rangitoto College who spent three weeks in Mexico . Measures : New Zealanders who traveled to Mexico or North America in the past two weeks are asked to get in touch with health officials if they have flu-like symptoms . RUSSIA Cases : None Measures : Banned all meat imports from Mexico and the southern United States . Announced it will screen incoming passengers from those two countries by taking their temperatures . Set up a government commission to plan response , and advised citizens against traveling to Mexico . SOUTH KOREA Cases : A 51-year-old woman , who recently returned from Mexico , tested positive for type-A influenza . Tests are being conducted to see whether the influenza is of the swine flu strain . The woman remained quarantined Tuesday . Measures : Suspended pork imports from Mexico , the United States and Canada . Stepped up inspections of passengers returning from affected areas . Took steps to double its stockpile of Tamiflu anti-viral medicine -- enough to treat about 5 million people , or 10 percent of the country 's population . SPAIN Cases : Two cases confirmed and 32 others suspected -- all of whom had recently traveled to Mexico , according to the health ministry . None is in serious condition . Measures : The government is trying to reach passengers who were on flights with people suspected or confirmed with the flu . THAILAND Cases : None . Measures : Airport officials are keeping a closer eye on passengers arriving from Mexico . The health ministry is calling the virus "  the flu that has caused an outbreak in Mexico , " so that the public does not confuse "  swine flu " with "  bird flu . " The ministry also said it did not want to hurt the pork industry . UNITED ARAB EMIRATES Cases : None Measures : The ministry of health issued a circular , asking doctors to be prepared to deal with any potential swine flu cases . UNITED KINGDOM Cases : Two confirmed , in Scotland . The patients are recovering . Measures : The Foreign Office advised against all but essential travel to Mexico . UNITED STATES Cases : 64 confirmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC has confirmed 10 cases in California , six in Texas , two in Kansas , one in Ohio and 45 in New York . Health officials in California , Indiana and Texas reported others Tuesday that the CDC had not yet added to its list . Measures : The government declared a public health emergency to free up federal , state and local agencies and their resources , should the need arise . The government urged travelers to avoid non-essential travel to Mexico . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued emergency authorization for the use of two of the most common anti-viral drugs , Tamiflu and Relenza . The authorization allows the distribution of the drugs by a broader range of health care workers and loosens age limits for their use . VENEZUELA Cases : None . Measures : Security stepped up at airports and borders .	Health officials around world act to prevent swine flu from entering their borders More than 150 deaths in Mexico are thought to have been caused by swine flu Russia bans all meat imports from Mexico and southern United States In the United States , the largest number of cases is in New York City
CNN  -- Last weekend a Texas couple apparently discovered that the electronic "  baby monitor " in their children 's bedroom had been hacked . According to a local TV station , the couple said they heard an unfamiliar voice coming from the room , went to investigate and found that someone had taken control of the camera monitor remotely and was shouting profanity-laden abuse . The child 's father unplugged the monitor . What does this mean for the rest of us ? How secure are consumer electronic systems , now that they 're all attached to the Internet ? The answer is not very , and it 's been this bad for many years . Security vulnerabilities have been found in all types of webcams , cameras of all sorts , implanted medical devices , cars , and even smart toilets -- not to mention yachts , ATM machines , industrial control systems and military drones . All of these things have long been hackable . Those of us who work in security are often amazed that most people do n't know about it . Why are they hackable ? Because security is very hard to get right . It takes expertise , and it takes time . Most companies do n't care because most customers buying security systems and smart appliances do n't know enough to care . Why should a baby monitor manufacturer spend all sorts of money making sure its security is good when the average customer wo n't even notice ? Five scary hacks Even worse , that consumer will look at two competing baby monitors -- a more expensive one with better security , and a cheaper one with minimal security -- and buy the cheaper . Without the expertise to make an informed buying decision , cheaper wins . A lot of hacks happen because the users do n't configure or install their devices properly , but that 's really the fault of the manufacturer . These are supposed to be consumer devices , not specialized equipment for security experts only . This sort of thing is true in other aspects of society , and we have a variety of mechanisms to deal with it . Government regulation is one of them . For example , few of us can differentiate real pharmaceuticals from snake oil , so the FDA regulates what can be sold and what sorts of claims vendors can make . Independent product testing is another . You and I might not be able to tell a well-made car from a poorly-made one at a glance , but we can both read the reports from a variety of testing agencies . ` Smart homes ' are vulnerable , say hackers Computer security has resisted these mechanisms , both because the industry changes so quickly and because this sort of testing is hard and expensive . But the effect is that we 're all being sold a lot of insecure consumer products with embedded computers . And as these computers get connected to the Internet , the problems will get worse . The moral here is n't that your baby monitor could be hacked . The moral is that pretty much every "  smart " everything can be hacked , and because consumers do n't care , the market wo n't fix the problem . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : Texas couple 's baby monitor hacked . Stranger was looking into child 's room He says , surprise , many smart electronics attached to internet have long been insecure He says everything from smart toilets to drones hackable . Consumers do n't demand better Schneier : Consumers settle for cheapest item with poor security , so market wo n't fix problem
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- Instead of the traditional bad guys , it was the costumed , self-styled superhero that ended up behind bars after an altercation Sunday in Seattle . Phoenix Jones , the moniker used by a man who dons a skintight black-and-gold rubber suit and mask , was arrested on four counts of assault after allegedly trying to break up a fight with pepper spray , the Seattle Police Department said . According to the statement , a group of men and women were leaving a downtown Seattle club at 2:32 a.m. Sunday and "  were dancing and having a good time " when an "  unknown adult male suspect came up from behind and pepper sprayed the group , " the statement said . "  He inserted himself and sprayed them with pepper spray , " Seattle Police spokesman Mark Jamieson told CNN . Jones was arrested and charged with four counts of assault , Jamieson said . But Jones claimed he used the pepper spray only to break up a fight and to protect himself . "  I would never hurt or harm another person if they were not causing harm to another human being , " read a message from Jones on his Facebook page . For about a year , the masked Jones has patrolled the streets of Seattle , often with a film crew in tow , looking for crime and generating international headlines . Jamieson said it is unclear how many -- if any -- crimes Jones has assisted police with . Police urge people to call 911 rather than take the law into their own hands , he added . On a video released by Jones of the incident that led to his arrest , Jones is heard telling the film crew to call 911 , then rushes into a crowd of people who appear to be engaged in an altercation . A spokesman for Jones said he had no recourse but to get involved . "  The fight was a huge group of people against a smaller group , " said Peter Tangen . "  It was an unfair fight , he went there to break it up . " A chaotic scene unfolds on the 13-minute video after Jones runs toward a man and woman who appear to be fighting . The man walks away and the woman then tries to hit Jones with her purse but instead falls onto the street . "  What is this , Halloween ? " another woman calls out to rubber-suited Jones . Eventually Jones is seen spraying several of the individuals with what appears to be a can of pepper spray . Police spokesman Jamieson said Jones ' actions were overkill . "  If you see something that warrants calling 911 , call 911 . You do n't need to dress up in a costume to do that . " Tangen asked CNN and other media not publish Jones ' real name , which is listed in his police booking . "  His family is at risk of retaliation from criminals , " he said . Many , but not all , news outlets were going along with the request . After he was arrested Sunday and before he was released without bond , Tangen said , Jones was roughed up by two men in the cell he was being held in . The spokesman said Jones was wearing his costume but police had taken away his mask . Tangen said Jones was shoved but was not seriously hurt and plans to keep fighting crime despite his run-in with police . "  He will always be an activist , " Tangen said .	Phoenix Jones , as he calls himself , says he jumped in to stop a fight The people he hit with pepper spray say they were dancing "  What is this , Halloween ? " a woman calls out to rubber-suited Jones Jones patrols the streets of Seattle , often with a camera crew , looking for crime
Fort Worth , Texas  CNN  -- A wrenching court fight -- about who is alive , who is dead and how the presence of a fetus changes the equation -- came to an end Sunday when a brain-dead , pregnant Texas woman was taken off a ventilator . The devices that had kept Marlise Munoz 's heart and lungs working for two months were switched off about 11:30 a.m. Sunday , her family 's attorneys announced . "  May Marlise Munoz finally rest in peace , and her family find the strength to complete what has been an unbearably long and arduous journey , " the lawyers , Heather King and Jessica Janicek , said in a written statement . Munoz was 14 weeks pregnant with the couple 's second child when her husband found her unconscious on their kitchen floor November 26 . Though doctors had pronounced her brain dead and her family had said she did not want to have machines keep her body alive , officials at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth had said state law required them to maintain life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . Attorneys : Fetus was ` distinctly abnormal ' Sunday 's announcement came two days after a judge in Fort Worth ordered the hospital to remove any artificial means of life support from Munoz by 5 p.m. Monday . Earlier Sunday , the hospital said it intended to comply with that order . "  The past eight weeks have been difficult for the Munoz family , the caregivers and the entire Tarrant County community , which found itself involved in a sad situation , " a hospital statement said . "  JPS Health Network has followed what we believed were the demands of a state statute . " The hospital acknowledged Friday that Munoz , 33 , had been brain dead since November 28 and that the fetus she carried was not viable . Her husband , Erick Munoz , had argued that sustaining her body artificially amounted to "  the cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body " against her wishes and those of her family . Marlise Munoz did n't leave any written directives regarding end-of-life care , but her husband and other family members said she had told them she did n't want machines to keep her blood pumping . The ethics of life support In an affidavit filed Thursday in court , Erick Munoz said little to him was recognizable about his wife . Her bones crack when her stiff limbs move . Her usual scent has been replaced by the "  smell of death . " And her once lively eyes have become "  soulless . " The hospital 's position drew support from demonstrators outside the hospital , some of whom held signs last week that read "  God stands for life " and "  Praying for Baby Munoz and family . " But others countered with placards bearing messages like "  Let Marlise rest in peace " and "  Respect Marlise 's wishes . " What no one wants to talk about	"  May Marlise Munoz finally rest in peace , " family lawyers say Munoz has been brain dead since November A hospital had kept her body on a ventilator to preserve the fetus she carried A judge ordered that to stop by Monday , and the hospital says it will comply
CNN  -- Regina Lopez ran up the stairs near her home in Long Beach , California . She hated her thighs . She hated her butt . If other early-morning exercisers had wandered by , they would have heard her whispering to the fat on her legs : "  Go away . You 're going to go away . " Lopez pictured herself as a smaller person -- someone who was able to go shopping and buy the cute clothes she saw on the thrift store hangers . The mental image pushed her to do the beach stairs again despite the rising temperature . Bad habits from an early age Lopez and her siblings lived primarily with their grandmother when they were young . Once a month , Grammita bought groceries with money from her pension and Social Security check . "  The first of the month I would chow down , " Lopez remembers , because "  by the end of the month we would be barely having anything . " "  Growing up poor , living off rice and beans -- if we were lucky -- had a big impact on our eating habits , " says Lopez 's younger sister , Francine Hernandez . "  No one ever told Regina and I to ` eat your vegetables . ' " Lopez used to steal cookies out of her cousins ' cupboards when she went to visit them . As the sisters got older , they started playing outside less and drinking more . They took money they earned working to splurge on the dollar menu at McDonald 's . "  I developed an addiction to eating junk , " Lopez says simply . These bad habits carried into adulthood . Lopez ordered fast food for lunch every day with her co-workers . She never exercised and hated vegetables . Once in a while she attempted to lose weight , sometimes dropping 10 or 20 pounds . But something always made her sabotage her efforts . She figured her obesity was hereditary -- her aunts were all "  short , chubby little ladies with big boobs . And that 's what I was . " Creative by nature , Lopez expressed her growing unhappiness in journals . She 'd draw photos of a fat woman crying , with word bubbles that said things such as "  I 'm huge , and I hate myself . " What she hated most was shopping for clothes . She longed to buy the cute outfits she saw at swap meets or in stores but could only fit into what she calls the "  Golden Girl " - type dresses sold in her size : 22/24 . At 4 feet 11 inches , Lopez weighed 224 pounds . Challenge accepted Lopez talked with her Art Supply Warehouse co-worker Sarah Nelson often about losing weight . In November 2011 , Nelson 's mother underwent heart valve replacement surgery . It was the wake-up call Nelson needed to change her eating and exercise habits . The friends decided to start an office weight-loss competition . Lopez was embarrassed stepping up to the scale for the first time in May 2012 -- "  No one wants to show that they weigh 224 pounds in front of guys " -- but the number that flashed on the scale simply reinforced her commitment . She and Nelson began walking on their 10-minute breaks and sharing healthy recipes they found online . Lopez also used the Lose It ! app to track her calorie intake . She exercised six days a week , walking on the beach for four miles or running the stairs . It was hardest at social gatherings with her friends ; they 'd be drinking beer and eating burgers , while Lopez tried to stick with skinless chicken breasts and vegetables . "  My friends still love to have parties , " she says . "  I 'm kind of like an old lady . I come home , work out , eat dinner , watch ` Golden Girls ' and go to sleep . " By the end of the challenge , Lopez had lost 49 pounds . She had also lost the competition -- the winner beat her by losing just 1 % more of his body weight . "  I totally cried , " she remembers with a laugh . "  I was n't trying to be a sore loser , but I think I worked my butt off . " Before that fateful day , Lopez swore to Nelson she would celebrate the end of the competition with a large , cheesy pizza . "  I never got that pizza . " ` You are tiny ' When Lopez showed up at her family 's annual Thanksgiving dinner in 2012 , she was wearing jeans for the first time in years . She was also wearing a top that was way too big for her , says Hernandez , her sister . Lopez went shopping a few months later and called her sister to tell her the good news : She now fit into a small shirt size . "  I said , ` Regina , I told you . You are tiny , ' " Hernandez recalls . "  It took me forever to get used to seeing Regina so small . " Since May 2012 , Lopez has lost 97 pounds . She currently weighs 127 pounds -- just two pounds short of her goal weight . She still walks or runs or climbs stairs six days a week . And on Saturdays she "  treasure hunts " at the swap meet , browsing through the $ 1 clothing tables . "  I literally always dreamed about buying clothes and feeling good because they fit , " she says . "  Now it 's my reality . It 's an amazing feeling . " Nelson , who has also lost close to 50 pounds , says , "  Regina has always been beautiful inside and out . But now her health is better than ever . She looks wonderful . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Regina Lopez has lost 97 pounds since May 2012 when she entered a competition Lopez lost the contest but decided to keep going with her healthy lifestyle She walks or run six days a week and eats lots of fruit , vegetables and lean meats
CNN  -- Anyone can turn on a TV , scan their newsfeeds or fire up a laptop to get a sense of the important topics being discussed at the Democratic National Convention . This article is not about those important topics . This is for those other moments -- the ones that make us SMH or LOL or unfollow certain people on Twitter . These are the moments that prompt us to show our phones to the person next to us , eyes wide with disbelief and mischief . It 's not news . 1 . Tweet love Twitter enthusiastically embraced the first night of the Democratic National Convention , with #DNC2012 tweets surpassing 2.1 million before first lady Michelle Obama even stepped onstage . The total number of #GOP2012 tweets topped 4 million over the course of that convention , according to figures provided by Twitter . The first lady 's speech drove more tweets per minute than any Republican National Convention speaker , including presidential candidate Mitt Romney -- 28,003 to 14,289 . Nearly every person who had a visible role Tuesday night trended on Twitter at some point , from San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland to Michelle Obama 's brother , Craig Robinson , and Iraq war veteran Tammy Duckworth , who has been locked in an ugly race for a U.S. House seat in Illinois . Twitter user @tbogg put it like this , "  Tammy Duckworth lost her legs while piloting a Black Hawk helicopter in Iraq . Paul Ryan once drove the Weinermobile . #DNC " 2 . #sexyface Kal Penn , better known for his "  Harold & Kumar " movies than his role at the White House , gave the only response of the night to Clint Eastwood 's #emptychair when he thanked the "  invisible man in the chair " for giving the order to take out Osama bin Laden and "  who 's cool with all of us getting gay-married . " He also encouraged viewers to get out and vote , even if they had to do so "  without their pants on . " Finally , he wondered aloud what his trending hashtag would be at the conclusion of his speech and humbly suggested , #sexyface . Twitter happily obliged . Until the Bieblers caught wind of it . 3 . Cute kids The adorable 2-year-old Zoe Lihn and her family brought the convention to tears when they shared their personal story about Zoe 's congenital heart defect and insurance coverage struggles . Under the Affordable Care Act , mom Stacey Lihn says they no longer have to worry about coverage for Zoe 's third surgery . "  If Mitt Romney becomes president she will hit her lifetime cap and may not receive her heart transplant , " Stacey Lihn told the crowd as her two girls and their father stood close by . As mom was speaking , a child started crying . Zoe 's big sis Emerson though seemed to love the stage and the applause . @allisonrose711 tweeted , "  Okay , so yeah . Stacy Lihn and her RIDICULOUSLY ADORABLE sick child is a pretty damn good defense of the ACA . Also , heartbreaking . " Tracy Olson posted on Facebook , "  Stacey Lihn , mother of daughter Zoe on how #ObamaCare has given their family and their daughter a fighting chance Speaks @ DNC2012 : " ` Governor Romney says people like me were the most excited about President Obama the day we voted for him . But that 's not true . Not even close . " ` For me , there was the day the Affordable Care Act passed and I no longer had to worry about Zoe getting the care she needed . ' " In another version of adorable , while Castro was speaking , Buzzfeed caught his daughter backstage perfecting her hair flip . She 's really good . And the Obama campaign released this photo of the president and his daughters watching the first lady 's speech . 4 . And animals It 's real . Cat lovers for Obama . Lauren Mackevich snapped a photo of a cat lovers button for sale in Charlotte and wishes she was the woman pictured . And while we 're on the subject of pets , animal lovers are showing more support for Obama than Romney . The Facebook pages Pet Lovers for Obama has 40,000 fans , while Pet Lovers for Romney has eight fans . Perhaps they have a bone to pick ? The page Dogs Against Romney has more than 85,000 fans . 5 . Pointing fingers Instagram users have already uploaded nearly twice as many photos tagged #DNC2012 as #RNC2012 . Included among the sand sculptures , crazy hats and buttons users , @Cenita01 uploaded a perfect miniature portrait of POTUS on her fingernail . Cenita Scott said via e-mail she is a "  passionate manicurist " who flew in from Illinois for the convention . "  I understand the power of your hands and feet , " Scott wrote . "  So I ensure I impart love and positive influence with each client I work with . " Correction : A previous version of this article incorrectly reported that Cenita Scott listed first lady Michelle Obama as a client . CNN 's Kat Kinsman contributed to this report .	Twitter embraces first night , with tweets surpassing 2.1 million before first lady appears Mother shares heartbreaking story about insurance coverage struggles for 2-year-old Animal lovers showing more support on Facebook for Barack Obama than Mitt Romney
CNN  -- It has been 20 years since best-selling crime writer Patricia Cornwell began work on her first novel in the series chronicling the cases of forensic analyst Dr. Kay Scarpetta . Now , both have found celebrity . Cornwell 's latest novel , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " places her enduring heroine in a role the author knows all too well , a pop culture celebrity sought-after for her expertise . In an interview with CNN.com , Cornwell discussed the challenges of staying fresh , the need for happy endings and the merits of the History Channel and the movie "  White Chicks . " CNN : The title of your new book , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " has many meanings . Can you tell me about some of them ? Cornwell : On the one hand , it 's a very direct reference to the fact she 's the chief forensic analyst for CNN in this book . But while she 's doing the on-air spots , they decide they want her to have her own show and that 's what they call it , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " which is a reference to a cliché that 's beginning to float around , that there 's one element that she can add that will solve the case like she 's Sherlock Holmes . This becomes very upsetting to her , first of all , because it 's a cliché and the scientist in her does n't think she has a special factor , she 's a scientist . It begins to pose problems for her because even some colleagues and friends start to wonder if she 's begun to believe her own legend and make mistakes . With her years of experience and high level of visibility and exceptional grasp of the criminal world , she would be asked to be on major shows . When someone like Michael Jackson dies or Caylee Anthony disappears , that 's the obvious thing that would happen . People would say , I wonder what Scarpetta has to say . I 'm trying to put her in the world we live in . CNN : Why did you choose CNN ? Cornwell : It would make perfect sense that she would sit on the set with Anderson Cooper or Wolf Blizter and be asked relevant questions from a hard news angle . It 's one -LSB- network -RSB- she would go on and there 's lots she would n't go on . CNN : How have things changed since you published your first novel ? Cornwell : When I was shopping my first book around , it was rejected by the major publishing houses and that was because a lot of people did n't think morgues and labs were interesting , and that 's a huge statement about how things have changed . I remember one time , I called my literary agent at that time , and I said I was in a toxicology lab , and she said , I hate talking to you because you 're always in these awful places . Forensic science was not viewed as cool , as it is today . CNN : Are there any on-air personalities we might recognize in "  The Scarpetta Factor ? " Cornwell : When she is up at CNN for a scene when she 's on a fictitious show , she walks past posters of Nancy Grace and Lou Dobbs and Wolf Blitzer because she 's up on that floor , so I do make real references to people , but the characters , the producers , none are real and they 're not based on anybody I met or know . CNN : How much of yourself do you see in Kay Scarpetta ? Over the years , have you grown into her or has she grown into you ? Cornwell : Only insofar as we have the same values and sensibilities and perhaps the same approach to solving cases . I 'm imposing the way my mind works in terms of connecting the dots , but beyond that , there are huge differences between us . She 's a standalone character . I would feel very self-conscious and bored if she was a projection of me . I have certain things in common with all my characters . Like Marino , I can be a slob and sometimes say stupid things and rush to judgment . CNN : You 're known for doing a lot of research on the ground to give your stories depth and realism . Where did your research for "  The Scarpetta Factor " take you ? Cornwell : I 've certainly been in the CNN studios so that 's helpful . When I was there over in the last year , I made a mental note of everything I saw while walking around so I could create the studio in the novel . I also spent lot of time with the NYPD , their bomb squad , their emergency unit , the Real Time Crime Center , so I could describe the amazing way computers are used to transmit data to police responding to a call . I spent time at the NYPD crime lab , the New York Medical Examiner 's office , so I can show Scarpetta actually working there . The scene in the elevator in the beginning and the way people ID loved ones is based on what happens . Even the technology of the electronic nose , the mechanical sniffer that takes the place of cadaver dogs , is based on things I 've seen . My research also included looking into the methods and means criminals are using , like TracFones , spoofcards and the different ways to disguise IP addresses . CNN : How has the CSI factor affected your research for your books ? Cornwell : I think people are so inundated with this sort of detail that I do n't want to make the story just about forensics . The people and their relationships are the heart of my books , the forensics are something they wear like an old pair of shoes . I 'll always show you the latest and greatest forensic science and technology , but I ca n't show it all , so it 's very important that I make things interesting in different ways . In the early to mid - '90s , up to the late '90s when I was coming out with new books , I was the only show in town and all of the sudden now they 're everywhere , and I do n't have any problem with that because I do n't own forensics or forensic pathology . CNN : In your opinion , what has been the greatest change in forensic science since Scarpetta started out ? Cornwell : DNA has changed our lives forever , just like the Internet has changed our lives , there 's no going back to pre-DNA or pre-Internet . I would say both of those . The Internet has dramatically changed everything because it 's creating a whole new wave of crimes that our laws and the courts do n't know how to deal with . DNA analysis and the ultra-sensitivity of it : When you 're dealing with some types of DNA , you only need three or four human cells to get a DNA profile , which is something that ca n't even see with the naked eye , so that helps investigators but it also creates a whole other set of problems . They 're saying there will be a point when you can get DNA just from someone walking in the room , and you can see the problems if you have 20 people walk into a room and only one did something bad . Defense lawyers are going to have a field day with that . CNN : What do you want people to take away from this novel ? I 'd like them to take away an idea of how someone like Scarpetta deals with being in the same world you and I wake up to . Now she has a BlackBerry and she has to deal with it , which poses as many problems as it offers benefits . I want people to feel happy ending the book . We need to feel good right now , there 's a lot to feel bad about and that 's something I decided with the last book , I did n't want people to be depressed when they finished it . I used to write very dark books but we lived in happier times . Now , the goal is to scare you , lead you into suspense but when you finish , I want you to feel happy . CNN : What current cases in the news fascinate you ? How much attention do you pay to crime and justice news ? Cornwell : I 'm fascinated by the Michael Jackson situation and the people who disappear and get abducted , all of it fascinates me in terms of the psychology involved and what science might tell us . I 'm always frustrated because I love to know what 's behind the scenes . I 've been following Michael Jackson because it seems so unnecessary , an example of people who should 've said no and not taken it upon themselves to solve a problem . I 've also been interested in the case in Italy with the American on trial for murder . That is intriguing from a forensic standpoint because I think all of us would like to know more about the evidence and what 's there to piece together that could tell us what happened . I 'm afraid that because of how much time has passed and how the case was handled that a lot of the answers are gone and the kind of evidence that was collected could have been handled differently , CNN : What do you like to watch ? Cornwell : I do n't watch crime dramas . I do n't want to subconsciously get ideas from their shows . I try to keep my mind blank , and keep the influence of my own research , so I do n't tend to watch crime dramas or crime movies . I rarely read crime novels because my work is so steeped in nonfiction , so I try to keep my mind free of those ideas . What I watch is the nonfiction , documentary type things , shows that depict real crimes that happened . I like the History Channel and I will watch reruns of "  The Sopranos " until I 'm 90 years old . I like comedy , stuff that 's mindless . I do n't watch stuff that scares me or makes me sad . There 's enough of that in real life . CNN : What 's the last movie you saw ? Cornwell : The last movie I saw was a rerun of "  White Chicks . " How 's that to people who think I have this very esoteric repertoire ? I think it 's a hilarious movie . ... Will Ferrell , I love his stuff , Ben Stiller , I really enjoy comedy , especially stuff that 's kind of warmhearted in its own way . I do n't like stuff that 's really scary . I 've seen so much stuff that 's real . Blood is always real to me . If they ever make a real movie of Scarpetta , I may not be able to watch it .	Author Patricia Cornwell talks about Kay Scarpetta , fame and forensics In latest book , Scarpetta is CNN 's chief forensic analyst Cornwell says she works hard to keep up with scientific advances She says she does n't watch crime shows or scary movies
EW.com  -- So long , Reege . At least , that 's what fans of "  Live ! With Regis and Kelly " will be saying when the 80-year-old co-host tapes his last episode of the syndicated talk show on Friday , November 18 . Philbin made the announcement during today 's show . "  Friday , November 18 is my last day , " Philbin said , adding , "  But do n't worry , the show goes on . " Back in January , the television icon officially announced that he would be stepping down from "  Live ! " after co-hosting for nearly 28 years . Philbin said of his retirement from the show at the time , "  There is a time that everything must come to an end for certain people on camera , especially certain old people . " The Emmy-winner joked on Tuesday , "  Last January I made the announcement that I 'll be moving on . But I never gave you an exact date . So I 'm pushing it back five years . Just kidding . " While no new co-host has yet been named for Philbin 's right-hand woman Kelly Ripa  we here at EW had some suggestions of our own , however  , the two discussed finding a replacement . "  Kelly will be trying out new co-hosts , just like we did 11 years ago when we found her , " Philbin said , kidding that Ripa would be looking for a "  new young hot " male co-host . Ripa , who joined Philbin in 2001 after Kathie Lee Gifford exited , fired back by saying that she was just looking for someone , "  Alive and breathing . " Will you be tuning in for Regis Philbin 's last episode of ` Live ! ' ? See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The 80-year-old co-host will tape his last episode of the syndicated talk show on November 18 Back in January , the television icon officially announced that he would be stepping down from "  Live ! " No new co-host has yet been named for Philbin 's right-hand woman Kelly Ripa
CNN  -- As the new school year approaches , President Obama has been traveling around talking about the high cost of education . In a speech given on August 22 in Syracuse , New York , he laid out a plan to rein in the costs , describing affordable and accessible education as "  Washington 's highest priority . " But the education system is n't broken -- it 's "  fixed . " If we 're serious about tackling the issue of affordable education and student debt , we need to strike at the root of the problem -- the influence of money in politics . Private corporations like Sallie Mae -- which own 15 % or $ 162.5 billion dollars of total student debt -- rake in private-island-purchasing profits while students suffer . It 's impossible to be on a college campus -- especially a state university -- and not notice the impact of the student debt crisis . The debt weighs on our students . It is as if you could see it in their slumping postures and staggering gaits as they haul boulders and lug chains from class to class . Approximately 37 million students currently hold debt , averaging $ 27,500 per person and totaling over $ 1.1 trillion . Saddled with debt , students are giving up on the idea of the American Dream . You know , like the idea that you and your buddy can open up a small ice cream shop in an old gas station and grow it into a multimillion dollar business that cares for the community and delights the world . The truth is , if Jerry and I had had $ 27,000 of debt in 1978 , we would never have taken the risk of opening our first scoop shop . More likely than not , we would have been underemployed and buried in back payments . Obama gets it . In Syracuse , he said : "  The idea used to be that here in America anybody could make it . ... And , unfortunately , what 's happened is it 's gotten tougher for a lot of folks . So we 've got to reverse these trends . " But while Obama talks about creating policies that will benefit the middle class , corporations like Sallie Mae are dedicated to preserving the status quo by showering Capitol Hill with cash . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Sallie Mae has donated over $ 1.26 million to federal candidates and parties in the last four election cycles and bankrolled $ 1.93 million dollars lobbying Congress in the first half 2013 . During that time , Congress crafted a student loan bill that tied interest rates to financial markets , which President Obama signed it into law in August . While in the short term , the bill prevented interest rates from doubling , students are more vulnerable in face of an adjustable interest rate that could top 8.5 % . Corporations like Sallie Mae borrow at dirt cheap interest rates  subsidized between .23 % and .34 %  from the Federal Home Loan banks . In contrast , undergraduate students borrow at an adjustable 3.85 % and graduate students borrow at an adjustable 5.4 % . That 's a sweetheart deal for Sallie Mae which raked in $ 2.5 billion in interest payments from student loans last year , but a terrible deal for students . In a letter to Sallie Mae 's CEO , Sen. Elizabeth Warren wrote : "  While Sallie Mae is finding unique ways to profit from government programs , its borrowers are paying interest rates that are far in excess of the low cost of funds supported by the U.S. taxpayers . " It 's time to dam the deluge of cash and corporate influence in Washington once and for all . Whether you 're a college student , a debt holder , a parent or simply someone concerned about the future of our country , you can help . There is a stampede rumbling across the country to amend the Constitution to declare : 1  Money is not free speech ; and 2  Corporation are not people . At StampStampede.org , we 're helping to build that movement by legally stamping messages like "  Not to be Used for Bribing Politicians " on our nation 's currency to spread the word and get money out of politics . Every bill is seen by 875 people , so the more stamped bills that enter circulation , the more movement will grow . And it 's growing . Thanks to the leadership by groups like People for the American Way , Move to Amend , Common Cause , Free Speech for People and Public Citizen , 16 states have passed referendums calling on Congress to take action and over 150 members of Congress support the amendment strategy . As the new school semester begins , pick up a stamp and help take back our campus and take back Congress . This is our future and our fight to win . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Cohen and Edward Erikson .	Ben Cohen , Edward Erikson : Are we serious about solving student debt crisis ? Cohen , Erikson : The root of the problem is influence of money in politics Students suffer but Sallie Mae profits while owning 15 % of student debt , they say Cohen , Erikson : Corporations like Sallie Mae lobby Congress ; we need to change that
CNN  -- The Syrian National Council , a prominent opposition group , elected its spokesman , George Sabra , as president at a meeting Friday in Doha , Qatar . A foreign policy spokesman for the group , Radwan Ziadeh , said Sabra -- the group 's third president -- replaces Abdulbaset Sieda , who is now a member of the executive office . In all , 11 members -- men of various religious and ethnic backgrounds -- were elected to the executive office . "  We hope the refreshment in leadership will reflect on the work of the SNC in the future , " Ziadeh said . "  No women were elected to the executive council but there is a seat for a woman that remains empty , " he said , adding that no woman had run for the position . After the election , a new push on Syria The news came on the same day that a group that organizes and documents anti-government actions announced it was breaking with the Syrian National Council . "  Several attempts have been made by the Local Coordination Committees in Syria to push the Syrian National Council and its leadership to adopt a serious and effective general reform plan so that the SNC can assume its role as a political representative of the great people of Syria , " the LCC said in a written statement . "  It is clear to us now that the Syrian National Council is not fit to assume such  a  role , especially after the disappointing results  of  its restructure attempts . " But Najib al-Adel , a member of the Idlib Revolutionary Movement , told CNN from Doha that some members of the LCC were sticking with the SNC . In addition , other opposition groups remained in Doha and were prepared to continue the talks , he said . The moves in Qatar came as rebels inside Syria claimed victory at a key border town after fighting drove thousands of civilians into Turkey . The battles between Syrian government forces and rebels raged in Ras Al Ain , across the border from Turkey . The fighting has pushed thousands more refugees out of Syria . By Friday , more than 11,000 Syrians had escaped into Jordan and Turkey and more than 400,000 had been registered or were awaiting registration as refugees , said Ron Redmond , the spokesman for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Across Syria , 126 people were reported dead on Friday , the LCC said . Among them were nine childen and six women , it said . Read more : ` Children 's bodies were maimed and burnt , ' witness says Syrian rebels reported key strides in their nearly 20-month battle against the Syrian regime , said Amer al-Hasakawi , a Free Syrian Army spokesman in Hasaka . He said several rebel brigades had been slugging it out with government security forces since Thursday morning . Fighters killed dozens of people and arrested others , he said . They seized government buildings , gained control of a border crossing with Turkey and took over border outposts . He said dozens of soldiers in those outposts defected . Clashes continued Friday with military forces shelling Ras Al Ain with artillery and firing rockets . Abu Ahmed , a rebel commander , reported major displacement of civilians because of the fighting and fears that government warplanes will bombard rebel-held neighborhoods . He said rebels were helping move some residents into Turkey and others have fled to nearby Syrian cities . "  Thanks to God , none of the FSA fighters are martyred , " said Sgt. Muahyman al-Taee , a rebel brigade commander . "  We 've killed big numbers from the regime 's dogs . Soon we will announce the complete liberation of the city . " Read more : Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help The Ras Al Ain fighting could be heard from over the Turkish border in the town of Ceylanpinar . The violence in Syria had Turkey 's military on high alert . TV footage showed Turkish soldiers , wearing combat gear , taking cover along berms . It also showed Turkish soldiers picking refugees up from the border and organizing their border crossing . "  The Syrians came right across the border wire , " said Mehmet Saitavci , the mayor of a neighborhood in Ceylanpinar . Schools in the Turkish town were closed because of the fighting . "  People here have a lot of relatives on the other side , and they are coming up to the border and the Turkish military takes them and brings them into Turkey , " Saitavci said . "  We were told we can have our relatives be our guests for a few days . " Of the thousands of refugees , 71 were injured , the Turkish Foreign Ministry official said . Two died of their wounds . Most of the Syrians were sent to a Turkish camp in the town of Akcakale . The Turkish Anadolu news agency reported Friday that 26 Syrian military officers and 71 of their relatives had fled to the Turkish province of Hatay . But Turkey 's Foreign Ministry denied the report . Read more : Who is arming the Syrian conflict ? Before the new arrivals , the Turkish government had said it was hosting more than 111,000 Syrian refugees . As violence continued in border towns , battles between the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters raged elsewhere . The Syrian conflict has left more than 35,000 people dead and widespread displacement . The United States announced more than $ 34 million in humanitarian assistance for Syrians on Friday , bringing the amount of humanitarian aid it has allocated to more than $ 165 million . U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary Kelly T. Clements made the announcement Friday at the Syrian Humanitarian Forum in Geneva , Switzerland . The money will be used for several purposes , including the purchase of blankets , heating of stoves and other goods for refugees in Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon during the winter months . The aid also will target health care , including an immunization campaign for up to 1 million children in Syria to protect them from measles and other diseases . It will also be used to help wounded Syrians at the Lebanon-Syrian border get medical care . CNN 's Raja Razek , Salma Abdelaziz , Gul Tuysuz , Hamdi Alkhshali and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	LCC announces it is breaking with the Syrian National Council Of the thousands arriving in Turkey , dozens are injured Syrian government forces and rebels fought near Turkish border United Nations says more than 11,000 Syrians have fled into Turkey , Jordan
CNN  -- He was loved and admired the world over , profiled in books and movies , and showered with awards and accolades . But even the most public of personalities have little-known facts buried in their biographies . Here are 10 surprising facts you probably did n't know about Nelson Mandela : 1 . He lived up to his name : Mandela 's birth name was Rolihlahla . In his Xhosa tribe , the name means pulling the branch of a tree or troublemaker .  The name "  Nelson " was given to him by his teacher on his first day of elementary school . It 's not clear why she chose that particular name . It was the 1920s , and African children were given English names so colonial masters could pronounce them easily  . 2 . He had a cameo in a Spike Lee film : He had a big part in Spike Lee 's 1992 biopic "  Malcolm X. " At the very end of the movie , he plays a teacher reciting Malcolm X 's famous speech to a room full of Soweto school kids . But the pacifist Mandela would n't say "  by any means necessary . " So Lee cut back to footage of Malcolm X to close out the film . 3 . There 's a woodpecker named after him : From Cape Town to California , streets named after Mandela abound . But he 's also been the subject of some rather unusual tributes . Last year , scientists named a prehistoric woodpecker after him : Australopicus nelsonmandelai . In 1973 , the physics institute at Leeds University named a nuclear particle the ` Mandela particle . ' 4 . He married a first lady : Before tying the knot with Mandela on his 80th birthday , Graca Machel was married to Mozambique President Samora Machel . Her marriage to Mandela after her husband 's death means she has been the first lady of two nations . 5 . He was a master of disguise : When Mandela was eluding authorities during his fight against apartheid , he disguised himself in various ways , including as a chauffeur . The press nicknamed him "  the Black Pimpernel " because of his police evasion tactics . "  I became a creature of the night . I would keep to my hideout during the day , and would emerge to do my work when it became dark , " he says in his biography , "  Long Walk to Freedom . " 6 . A bloody sport intrigued him : Besides politics , Mandela 's other passion was boxing . "  I did not like the violence of boxing . I was more interested in the science of it - how you move your body to protect yourself , how you use a plan to attack and retreat , and how you pace yourself through a fight , " he says in his biography . 7 . His favorite dish is probably not yours : He 's been wined and dined by world leaders . But what Mandela loved eating most was tripe . Yup , the stomach lining of farm animals . 8 . He quit his day job : He studied law at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg and opened the nation 's first black law firm in the city in 1952 . 9 . He was on the U.S. terror watch list : Mandela was n't removed from the U.S. terror watch list until 2008 -- at age 89 . He and other members of the African National Congress were placed on it because of their militant fight against apartheid . 10 . He drew his inspiration from a poem : While he was in prison , Mandela would read William Ernest Henley 's "  Invictus " to fellow prisoners . The poem , about never giving up , resonated with Mandela for its lines "  I am the master of my fate . I am the captain of my soul . " You may know it from the movie by the same name starring Morgan Freeman as Mandela .	He had a cameo in a Spike Lee film There 's a nuclear particle named after him His other passion was boxing He favorite dish was tripe
CNN  -- Swiss super-combined world skiing champion Daniel Albrecht was airlifted to hospital after a sickening crash on Kitzbuehel 's Streif course on Thursday . Albrecht nose-dives down Kitzbuehel 's Streif course after crashing during training for a World Cup downhill . Albrecht , who was said to have suffered concussion and bruising to a lung , was in training for the weekend 's World Cup downhill at the Austrian venue when he lost control approaching the bottom of the run . The 25-year-old received lengthy treatment on the slopes before being flown to hospital at St. Johann , where he regained consciouness before being put in an induced coma . An induced coma puts the brain in hibernation so it can recuperate and allows swelling in the brain to ease . Helmuth Obermoser , the official race doctor , said in a brief statement that Albrecht had bleeding on the brain and a lung contusion . Albrecht took the season 's opening giant slalom at Solden in October and scored a second victory and fourth of his career two months later in Alta Badia , Italy , where he became the first Swiss winner in 10 years . Thursday 's fall came on a similar section at Kitzbuehel that saw American Scott Macartney suffer head injuries in a crash last season -- an episode that led officials to make changes to the course .	Daniel Albrecht is airlifted to hospital after a sickening accident at Kitzbuehel Super-combined world skiing champion was training for a World Cup downhill Swiss Albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slopes
CNN  -- On the record , Pakistan has persistently criticized the United States ' use of unmanned drones to attack militant hideouts in its mountainous border region . But diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks reveal that in private the Pakistani government was not unhappy about the strikes and secretly allowed small groups of U.S. Special Operations units to operate on its soil . In a cable sent in August 2008 , the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan at the time , Anne Patterson , recounted a meeting with Interior Minister Rehman Malik and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani . It coincided with a military operation in one of the restive frontier territories . Patterson wrote , "  Malik suggested we hold off alleged Predator attacks until after the Bajaur operation . The PM brushed aside Rehman 's remarks and said , ' I do n't care if they do it as long as they get the right people . We 'll protest in the National Assembly and then ignore it . ' " On Wednesday , a governing party representative said there was some public support in Pakistan for U.S. missile attacks on suspected militants . "  There is a segment in the country who support the drone attacks , and they feel that drone attacks have been helpful in eliminating many of the militants , " Pakistan People 's Party spokeswoman Fauzia Wahab said . "  But of course there is another point of view in the country who do not favor the drone attacks , and they think that drone attacks are intervention and violating our sovereignty , " she said . She did not directly answer a question about her party 's position on drones . She also said there is some "  soft " support for militants in "  every institution " in the country , including the military , but said the government did not "  support those who are close to the militants . " Asked about Wahab 's comment that there was some public support for drone strikes , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United Kingdom stuck to the government 's official line . "  No one supports drone attacks by the Americans , " Wajid Hasan said Wednesday . But other U.S. records revealed by WikiLeaks make clear that there were meetings between American and Pakistani officials about drones . A U.S. diplomat , based in Peshawar near the border territories , mentions in a 2008 cable a meeting he had with a senior official whose name is redacted . The official "  said he wanted to say in an unofficial capacity that he and many others could accept Predator strikes as they were surgical and clearly hitting high value targets . He mentioned that fear among the local populace in areas where the strikes have been occurring was lessening because ` everyone knew that they only hit the house or location of very bad people . ' " The same official painted a gloomy picture of the situation , saying , "  Our house is on fire and we need to take drastic actions , " according to the cable . It seems that Pakistan saw the drone attacks as so effective , it wanted some of its own . At a meeting in Islamabad in June 2009 attended by then-U.S. National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones , President Asif Ali Zardari "  made repeated pleas for drones to be ` put in Pakistan 's hands ' so that Pakistan would own the issue and drone attacks  including collateral damage  would not provoke anti-Americanism , " one cable says . Zardari said the technology behind them was "  not cutting-edge " and said he had raised the issue with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Similarly , Pakistan has been very sensitive to allegations that U.S. combat forces are at work inside the country . But one cable from Patterson written in October 2009 noted with satisfaction , "  The Pakistani Army has for just the second time approved deployment of U.S. special operation elements to support Pakistani military operations . The first deployment ... occurred in September . " That cable goes on to say that a request had come from the Pakistani military commander in North and South Waziristan , Lt. Gen. Masood Aslam , for intelligence and reconnaissance assistance from U.S. Special Operations units . That support would "  include a live downlink of unmanned aerial vehicle  UAV  full motion video , " it says . Patterson adds that the move "  appears to represent a sea change in Pakistani thinking . Patient relationship-building with the military is the key factor that has brought us to this point . " But she cautions : "  These deployments are highly politically sensitive because of widely held concerns among the public about Pakistani sovereignty and opposition to allowing foreign military forces to operate in any fashion on Pakistani soil . Should these developments and/or related matters receive any coverage in the Pakistani or U.S. media , the Pakistani military will likely stop making requests for such assistance . " During discussions on the militant threat , the Pakistani leadership stressed that a short-term victory was unlikely . According to one 2009 cable , Zardari "  cautioned that the fight against militant extremism would be a long one , lasting not months but many , many years and that lack of vigilance on the GOP 's part would be devastating . " In this case , GOP refers to the government of Pakistan . Zardari also did not miss the chance -- in speaking with Jones -- to have a poke at Pakistan 's nemesis , accusing "  India of providing the precursor chemicals necessary to produce heroin , which he said was funding the Taliban in Afghanistan . " At the same meeting , according to the cable , Zardari praised the Indian prime minister , Manmohan Singh , but with reservations . "  Singh is an excellent economist , " he said , but he added that he thought Singh did not understand the constraints under which Zardari was operating . The cables also reveal great sensitivity on the part of Pakistan to any perceived tilt by Washington in favor of India . A cable prepared this year for FBI Director Robert Mueller says , "  Cooperation has frequently been hampered by suspicion in Pakistan 's military and intelligence establishment about U.S. intentions and objectives . Among other things , the Pakistanis believe that we have favored India over Pakistan -- most notably , by approving civil-nuclear cooperation with India -- and that we aim to dismantle Pakistan 's nuclear weapons program , which , in light of their conventional military disadvantage vis-a-vis India , they consider critical to their national security . " Referring to the Pakistani Taliban , the same cable says gloomily , "  In the midst of this difficult security situation , Pakistan 's civilian government remains weak , ineffectual , and corrupt . " Support for strikes There is some public support in Pakistan for U.S. missile attacks on suspected militants in the country , a governing party representative conceded Wednesday , diverging from the country 's official position on drone strikes . There is also some "  soft " support for militants in "  every institution " in the country , including the military , Pakistan People 's Party spokeswoman Fauzia Wahab told CNN . Pakistan 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , Wajid Hasan , stuck to the government 's official line , that U.S. drone attacks infringe on Pakistani sovereignty , when asked about Wahab 's remarks . CNN 'S Ravi Agrawal and Luke Henderson contributed to this report .	NEW : There is some public support for strikes , governing party spokeswoman says A WikiLeaks cable quotes Pakistan 's prime minister supporting U.S. drone attacks Yousaf Raza Gilani : "  I do n't care if they do it as long as they get the right people . " Another cable refers to Pakistani approval of U.S. "  special operation elements "
CNN  -- At least three tornadoes caused massive damage in Virginia and injured more than 200 people on Monday , officials said . This Suffolk , Virginia , house was destroyed by an apparent tornado Monday . At least 200 were injured in Suffolk where a twister destroyed several homes and businesses , said Bob Spieldenner of the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . The storm hit the 138-bed Sentara Obici Hospital , though Spieldenner said the facility was still operational and accepting patients . A second tornado struck Colonial Heights -- about 60 miles northwest , near Richmond -- injuring at least 18 people , he said . A third twister damaged several homes near Lawrenceville , about 70 miles south of Richmond , said Bryan Jackson , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service , which confirmed all three tornadoes . Gov. Tim Kaine declared a Virginia-wide state of emergency as hazardous weather continued through the central part of the state . The Suffolk twister touched down just before 4 p.m. ET and plowed its way east into Norfolk , damaging scores of homes , stores and cars and downing dozens of trees and power lines , Jackson said . Watch as a witness describes the tornado form " Video footage from the scene showed roofs torn off homes , cars flipped over , trees snapped in two and a caved-in section of a newly constructed shopping center . Furniture , fences and mounds of other debris were tossed in streets , parking lots and lawns . Watch the storm 's massive destruction from the air " A tornado warning over the area remained in effect Monday evening . Jeff Judkins , the city 's emergency management coordinator , said there also were reports of people trapped inside cars . It 's the worst damage he 's seen in the area , he said . An emergency shelter will be established by Monday night , Suffolk spokeswoman Dana Woodson said . Officials initially reported a fatality , but later determined that it was unrelated to the storm , she said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Injuries in Suffolk , where a tornado destroyed homes and businesses A second tornado struck Colonial Heights injuring at least 18 , an official said Video shows roofs torn off , cars flipped , trees snapped in half A third twister damaged several homes near Lawrenceville
CNN  -- As the Olympic flame burned above Sochi on Tuesday evening , a scene of mayhem and death exploded a few hundred miles away in the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , where blazes roared and violent clashes erupted along protesters ' barricades . At least 100 people were killed just on Thursday and hundreds more hospitalized in confrontations pitting government forces against demonstrators opposed to a regime that has strong support from President Vladimir Putin 's Russia . It was the deadliest day in the three months since the showdown started . Between the two spectacles , you can bet Putin 's attention focused more sharply on the crisis in Ukraine , which is officially an independent country since 1991 but in reality remains a state over which Moscow exercises enormous influence , infuriating much of Ukraine 's population . At the heart of the battle lies a fundamental question : Is Ukraine a free nation or is it a piece of Moscow -- a piece on Putin 's chessboard ? The more immediate question is how far the Moscow-backed regime will go to put down opposition protests . As it happens , both Sochi and Ukraine play a large role in Putin 's strategy . To Putin , staging a successful Olympics is a way to consolidate power , to build up his image for domestic and international audiences , and to show a resurgent , self-assured and powerful Russia under his rule . What happens in Ukraine is part of the same larger objective , but it is far more important . Ukraine has experienced much bloodshed throughout its history , with foreign powers inflicting unspeakable devastation . Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , it has struggled to get back on its feet , with little success . A decade ago , pro-Western demonstrators managed to depose a Moscow-allied president , Viktor Yanukovich , and replace him with a new leader who wanted closer ties to the West . That uprising , known as the Orange Revolution , was part of a wave of "  color revolutions " along Russia 's borders , and it inspired protests in Russia , which Putin swiftly put down . The most recent crisis burst on the scene in November when Yanukovich  once again in power after his 1995 defeat  decided not to sign a trade deal with the European Union , an agreement that would have increased links with the West and was fiercely opposed by Moscow . Russia wants the former Soviet republics to join a Moscow-centered customs union . The decision to turn away from Europe enraged the opposition , bringing hundreds of thousands of people to the streets of Kiev and other Ukrainian cities . Protesters were incensed by what they saw , quite correctly , as acquiescence to Russian bullying . In August , when Ukrainian officials were negotiating the EU 's Eastern Partnership agreement , Moscow made it clear it would not tolerate a turn to the West . Russia , Ukraine 's principal trading partner , suddenly imposed crippling sanctions against Ukrainian imports . Putin 's top economic adviser explained it as "  preventive measures " in case Ukraine decided to "  take the suicidal step " of signing an agreement with the EU . Moscow has used similar bullying tactics with other former USSR members . Armenia had spent years working on a deal to join the EU Eastern Partnership . Then abruptly in September , while pressure was coming down on Ukraine , the Armenian president met with Putin in Moscow and announced the end of the talks with Europe , triggering protests in the Armenian capital . For Ukrainians , the EU deal symbolized a new future , the chance of economic and political modernization and rule of law . Europe required reforms as part of the deal . The Russian customs union cements the status quo . Putin offered Yanukovich $ 15 billion in loans to help the country through its economic crisis . He also persuaded him to take a much harder line against protesters . The Ukrainian president had repeatedly pledged not to use force against protesters . According to The New York Times , he changed his mind after meeting with Putin in Sochi . Ukrainians have long been divided between easterners , who favor close ties with Russia , and westerners , who feel more European . But persistent economic stagnation and the ability to travel abroad and compare conditions have brought new impetus to calls for reform . The Ukrainian economy is mired in deep corruption , with Russia-style oligarchs making enormous fortunes in shady deals -- such as those allegedly made ahead of the Sochi Olympics -- while the economy fails to offer better prospects . Transparency International ranks Ukraine as one of the world 's most corrupt countries . Next door in Poland , for example , which is now part of the EU , per capita income has grown steadily , now topping $ 18,000 , up about 50 % in the last decade . Ukraine , meanwhile , has per capita gross domestic product of $ 6,300 , even lower than it was five years ago . Perhaps nothing rankles Ukrainians more than Putin 's attitude toward their country . In 2008 , when then-President Viktor Yushchenko tried to join NATO , Putin warned the West to keep its hands off Ukraine , calling it "  Little Russia , " a term dating back to the days when Imperial Russia 's czars ruled parts of Ukraine . A Russian newspaper reported that Putin told then-U.S. President George W. Bush that "  Ukraine is not even a state . " What started as protests over a trade deal has moved far beyond . Demonstrators demand constitutional reform . Demonstrations aim at ending the authoritarianism of the Yanukovich regime , empowering parliament and laying the groundwork for political and economic progress . Unfortunately , the protests have attracted a segment of thuggish extreme right-wing groups . Estimates vary on their size and strength within the opposition . But their presence has given the regime and its Russian backers an excuse to label the protesters as fascists and neo-Nazis . In predictable fashion , Russia has also blamed the United States for the turmoil , accusing Washington of trying to impose the "  Western vector " of development and of telling "  a sovereign state what they should do next . " The United States is , in fact , expressing support for the protesters , but it is proposing a power-sharing government until the next elections . If anything , Washington and the EU have failed to offer as much backing as they should . Their disagreements have been aired publicly in embarrassing leaked recordings -- although they are not verified . Their reluctance to challenge Putin 's geopolitical claim to controlling Ukraine is a source of profound frustration for Ukrainians who say they are being sacrificed to appease Putin . Opposition leaders have met with Western officials to request more support . What is most striking about the protests has been their perseverance through the brutal Ukrainian winter . Three months into the crisis , with the intensity of the violence and the bloodshed increasing , Putin has reason to worry about how this will end . Just as he wants the Sochi Olympics to show what his Russia is capable of accomplishing , he knows the Russian people are keeping an eye on what exactly Ukrainian protesters can achieve . The raging flames of Kiev now matter more than the carefully tended fire in Sochi . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : New Russia on display in Sochi , but the old one is showing its face in Ukraine Ghitis : Putin has called Ukraine "  Little Russia " and wants it to turn away from the West Ghitis : Protesters enraged by seeing their leaders ' knuckle under Russia 's bullying As demonstrators refuse to stop , she says , Putin should be worried they might prevail
CNN Student News  -- August 19 , 2014 This Tuesday 's show begins with a primer on some recent developments in a troubled U.S. town . Afterward , we 'll explore some international stories , taking you from a region of Africa to the smallest country in the world . And we 'll step outside the international space station with a couple of cosmonauts who took a spacewalk . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News .
Cleveland  CNN  -- First came the pain -- a decade of torture , torment and terror for three captive women and one of their young daughters . Now comes the prosecution and -- if there 's a conviction -- punishment for the man accused of being responsible for their hell . Ariel Castro appeared silently in court Thursday , his head down , as he was arraigned on four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape , accused of holding the women captive in his Cleveland home . Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Lauren Moore ordered Castro held on $ 8 million bond -- $ 2 million for each of the three women and the child born to Amanda Berry before they were freed Monday evening . Hours later , the top prosecutor in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , announced he 'd press for more charges -- "  for each and every act of sexual violence ... each day of kidnapping , every felonious assault  and  all his attempted murders . " Furthermore , Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said he 'd try to persuade a grand jury to indict the 52-year-old Castro for "  aggravated murder " for the termination of his captives ' pregnancies . He cited a state law that a person can be charged with murder -- a conviction that could lead to the death penalty in Ohio -- for killing unborn children . CNN Exclusive : ` We do n't have monster in our blood ' According to an initial incident report obtained by CNN , Michelle Knight said she became pregnant at least five times while in Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home . When that happened , she told investigators , Castro "  starved her for at least two weeks , then he repeatedly punched her in the stomach until she miscarried . " It is not known how many times , if any , the other two women got pregnant only to miscarry . One of them , Berry , gave birth to a daughter while in captivity . That 's just one of the brutal tales reported so far about the women 's captivity , which McGinty described as "  beyond comprehension . " "  The child kidnapper operated a torture chamber and private prison in the heart of the city , " he told reporters . "  The horrific brutality and torture that the victims endured for a decade is beyond comprehension . " Castro 's own mother is among those trying to make sense of the horror . "  I have a sick son who has done something serious , " she told Univision and Telemundo . "  I 'm suffering very much . I ask for forgiveness from those mothers ; may those girls forgive me . " Source : Writings detail actions , reasons behind them So what was going through the suspect 's mind , when he allegedly lured three women into a car between 2002 and 2004 , took them to his home three miles away and held them there -- where they were chained , threatened and repeatedly sexually assaulted ? Neither Castro , his attorneys nor police have spelled out a motive publicly . The suspect has talked with investigators , confessing to some of the actions of which he 's accused , said a law enforcement source closely involved with the investigation . The source did not describe precisely what Castro confessed to when he was interrogated . Plus , investigators have asked the state crime lab to expedite tests to create a DNA profile of Castro -- something that typically takes 20 days , but should be back Friday -- said Ohio Attorney General 's office spokesman Dan Tierney . They 're also poring over evidence , including more than 200 items seized from Castro 's Seymour Avenue home . Among them are writings authorities believe were written by the suspect , said two law enforcement sources closely involved in the case . Those contain "  specific detailing of actions and reasons behind actions " tied to the women 's abduction and their kidnapper 's behavior toward them , one of the law enforcement sources said . The author cites his own history of abuse by family members as justification . The latest developments in the Cleveland case The source -- who described the "  pretty lengthy " writings as "  more of a diary " -- said they included talk of suicide , though that 's just one of many aspects . Authorities are working "  meticulously " to see whether others were involved in the kidnapping plot . Two of Castro 's brothers , Pedro and Onil , were initially arrested in the case only to be released Thursday -- after appearing in court on unrelated cases -- when investigators found nothing , including from the victims ' interviews , linking them to the abductions . One of his daughters , Angie Gregg , told CNN that she "  just wanted to die " upon hearing her father had been implicated . But looking back , she thinks there were signs of something awry -- such as how her father "  kept his house locked down so tight " and would sometimes leave mysteriously for an hour or so , then return , with "  no explanation . " "  Everything 's making sense now , " Gregg said . "  It 's all adding up , and I 'm just disgusted . " Source : Death threat if newborn died According to the initial incident report , the women said Castro first chained them in the basement but later let them live upstairs on the second floor . The women went outside only twice during their ordeal -- and just "  briefly " at that , Cleveland Public Safety Director Martin Flask said . Most of the time the three would be in different rooms , though they interacted occasionally and came to "  rely on each other for survival , " said a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . One thing they could count on was that their alleged captor would n't let them out . Castro would often test his captives by pretending to leave , the law enforcement source said . Then he 'd suddenly return ; if there were indications any of the women had moved , they 'd be disciplined . Survival the key difference from ` House of Horrors ' case While Knight told investigators Castro forced her to miscarry her own unborn children , she said he ordered her to deliver Berry 's child , according to a police source familiar with the investigation . The baby was delivered in a plastic tub or pool in order to contain the afterbirth and amniotic fluid , the source said . Panic ensued soon after . The child stopped breathing , and everyone started screaming , the source said , citing accounts by the young women . Knight said Castro threatened to kill her if the baby did not survive , the initial police report states . "  What 's most incredible here is that this girl who knows nothing about childbirth was able to deliver a baby that is now a healthy 6-year-old , " the source said . ' I do n't think she would have lived very much longer ' Knight remained hospitalized in good condition Thursday , said MetroHealth Medical Center spokeswoman Tina Shaerban-Arundel . The others held -- Berry , her 6-year-old daughter and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus -- are back with relatives . FBI specialists who talked with them feel they "  desperately need space and time , " said McGinty . Who are Berry , DeJesus and Knight ? "  These victims need to be decompressed , " he said . "  They need a chance to heal before we seek further in-depth evidence from them . " Those close to them , as well as residents of Cleveland and beyond , are trying to make sense of the alleged depravity . One of them is Arlene Castro , the suspect 's daughter and once a very good friend of DeJesus . She was interviewed on an "  America 's Most Wanted " segment in 2005 talking about how she 'd been with DeJesus , hoping to spend the afternoon with her , shortly before her abduction . Speaking Thursday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " she said she last spoke with her father late last month , adding the two had never been close . Whatever their relationship , she insisted , "  I had no idea " what was happening . "  I 'm really disappointed , embarrassed , mainly devastated , " Arlene Castro said . " ... I would like to say that I 'm absolutely so , so sorry . " Women crushed by news her father allegedly abducted her friend Fern Gentry said on CNN 's "  Starting Point " Thursday that hearing Berry , her granddaughter , was alive 10 years after her disappearance was the "  most important thing that ever happened in my life . " Gentry , who spoke to Berry by phone from her Tennessee home Tuesday , said she 's grateful for all involved in the case -- from police to helpful neighbors -- and that her granddaughter can now live her life . "  If she had n't got out , I do n't think she would have lived very much longer , " Gentry said . Timeline : From missing to liberated CNN 's Pamela Brown reported from Cleveland , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Matt Smith , Rose Arce , Chandler Friedman , Poppy Harlow , Brian Todd , Tory Dunnan , Martin Savidge , Justin Lear and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Ariel Castro 's mother : "  I have a sick son , who has done something serious " NEW : Castro 's daughter : "  It 's all adding up , and I 'm just disgusted " Prosecutor says he 'll seek to charge Castro with murder for ending captives ' pregnancies Already charged with kidnapping and rape , Castro is being held on $ 8 million bail
CNN  -- Ted Ligety 's winning streak in the giant slalom is over . Ligety made it four victories in a row last week in Beaver Creek , Colorado to become the first man since legendary Italian Alberto Tomba more than 20 years ago to achieve that feat but his race was quickly over in Val d'Isere , France on Saturday . Starting first in the first run -- usually not an enviable bib number -- the American went wide on a turn and could n't make the next gate on the icy Face de Bellevarde . The last time he finished off the podium in the giant slalom was in 2012 and he failed to make the 30-man second run for the first time since 2009 . "  Just a little bit  of  bad luck on my part today , " Ligety told reporters . "  This course is always super , super bumpy and miserable to ski so I was n't surprised by that at all . "  It 's not ideal . It 's the kind of hill where anything can really happen , because it 's such a tough and rough and bumpy hill . " Former overall champion Bode Miller -- second behind teammate Ligety in Beaver Creek -- and current overall leader Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway also could n't complete the first run . Austrian Marcel Hirscher took advantage of Ligety 's mishap to win , rallying from a 0.41-second deficit after the first run to cruise past Thomas Fanara of France and Stefan Luitz of Germany . Frenchman Alexis Pinturault , the leader entering the second run , slipped to fourth . Gut seventh in St. Moritz In the women 's Super-G in St. Moritz , Switzerland , Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein -- who registered two second-place finishes in Lake Louise , Canada last week -- beat surprise package Kling Kajsa of Sweden by 0.31 seconds . The win was a birthday gift for Weirather 's mom , Hanni Wenzel , a gold medalist in the slalom at the world championships in St. Moritz in 1974 . "  It 's an awesome story to win here today in front of my mother on such a special day , " Weirather was quoted as saying by the website of alpine skiing 's governing body . "  The goal was to give her a nice present . " Kajsa finished on the podium from a starting position of 44th but overall leader Lara Gut of Switzerland only managed a seventh . Weirather is now fewer than 40 points behind Gut in the overall standings . Two months ahead of the Sochi Olympics , Lindsey Vonn elected to sit out this weekend 's races . The four-time overall champion only recently returned to action after a crash in training last month .	American Ted Ligety 's four-race winning streak in the giant slalom comes to an end Ligety , starting first , did n't finish the first run Saturday in Val d'Isere The last time he missed out on a podium finish in the giant slalom was in 2012 Lindsey Vonn elects to sit out this weekend 's women 's races in Switzerland
CNN  -- Bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than 18,000 people in the last 11 days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of December elections . People arrested by Bangladesh police in their latest round-up arrive at a jail in Dhaka . Human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated . The round-ups began May 28 , days after the two main political parties said they would not cooperate with the military-backed caretaker government on organizing the elections . Police told CNN that by Saturday 16,916 arrests had been made , while local media reported another 1,548 were arrested Sunday . The Awami League and the Bangladesh Nationalist Party  BNP  said hundreds of their party members had been taken into custody . "  The timing and targets of the arrests are a dead giveaway they are politically motivated , " Brad Adams of the New York-based Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  It 's obvious that they are paying the price for the political parties ' refusal to accept the government 's conditions to participate in the elections . " The government rejects the allegations . The detentions , it said , are part of a planned sweep to rid the country of criminals . "  Our IGP -LSB- Inspector General of Police , or chief of police -RSB- categorically said this special drive was being conducted to create a congenial atmosphere before the general election , " said Kamrul Ahsan , a spokesman for Bangladesh Police . "  It is not politically motivated , " he said . "  The intention is not to harass anybody politically . " The crackdown began after the Awami League and the BNP said they would not cooperate with the government to develop a roadmap toward democracy unless it first releases the parties ' leaders . The two women who head the parties -- Sheikh Hasina of the Awami League and Khaleda Zia of the BNP -- are in police custody on corruption-related charges . Hasina is charged with bribe-taking . Zia is being held on charges of graft for improperly awarding a multi-million dollar government contract . The current political crisis in the Muslim-majority South Asian country of 150 million can be traced , in large part , to the lingering animosity between the two women , political observers say . Their rivalry runs so deep that the women are known in the country as the "  Battling Begums . " Begum is an honorific given to women of rank in the country . Since the country 's independence in 1972 , the Awami League or the BNP has ruled Bangladesh for all but eight years . Both women have served as prime minister at one point or another . After its last stint in power ended in 2006 , the BNP handed over rule to a caretaker government to conduct elections , as mandated by the country 's constitution . But the Awami League refused to recognize the neutrality of the interim government . Hasina accused Zia of stocking it with BNP backers . Supporters and party members took to the streets in months of deadly clashes . To stem the tide of violence , a military-backed government took control in January 2007 and imposed an indefinite state of emergency . It also postponed elections until it said it could clean up the country 's graft-ridden politics . The caretaker government adopted the Emergency Powers Rules . The rules allowed authorities to arrest people without a warrant as long as there was reasonable suspicion that he or she was connected to a crime , Human Rights Watch said . A wave of detentions followed . By some estimates more than 90,000 people were detained before some were released and others charged with crimes . Among those arrested were more than 150 top politicians , including Hasina and Zia -- leading to the current political stalemate . The government wants to hold elections in the third week of December , and said the crusade on crime is part of its plan to ensure trouble-free balloting . The political parties allege the arrests are intended to pave the way for the election of pro-government candidates . They want their leaders set free before they sit down and talk with the government about a roadmap toward a successful election . They also threatened to organize mass movements to secure their leaders ' release . "  It 's kind of an impasse , " said Taleya Rehman , founder and executive director of the Bangladesh-based non-profit Democracy Watch . "  The government is conducting political dialogue with small parties . But they are of no significance . They need the two major parties . " On Monday , the government announced it was releasing Hasina from custody on medical grounds so she can go abroad for treatment . A similar release for Zia was also expected . Party members say the government 's move is a ploy to sideline the pair from the elections by sending them out of the country . Hasina has a damaged ear resulting from a bombing attack that targeted her four years ago . Zia is believed to have arthritis . Meanwhile , the detentions continue -- almost 1,800 a day . In addition to political party members , the crackdown has also swept up several journalists . "  That actually makes the arrests suspicious in some people 's minds , " said Sultana Kamal , executive director of the legal aid group , Ain o Salish Kendro  Law and Adjudication Center  . "  If you just arrest any Tom , Dick and Harry saying this person may have arms , then people will legitimately raise questions about the mode of the whole operation . "	Bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days Human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated Round-ups began after parties refused to cooperate with military government
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- The chairman of the Samsung Group plans to resign , according to a report published Tuesday by Yonhap , the South Korean news agency . Chairman of the Samsung Group Lee Kun-hee has been indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . The decision of Lee Kun-hee to step down comes a few days after his indictment amid an investigation into corruption allegations . Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . Samsung is South Korea 's largest conglomerate . It has annual sales of nearly $ 160 billion and accounts for 18 percent of South Korea 's economic output . The company 's exports -- valued at about $ 70 billion -- account for a fifth of all South Korean exports . Lee was indicted for breach of trust in connection with a plan to transfer control of the company to his son , a prosecutor said . He was also indicted for tax evasion . Investigators started looking into Samsung in January , after a former company lawyer said the company created slush funds worth $ 200 million . Last week , however , a prosecutor said an investigation found no evidence supporting an allegation that the company bribed government officials and prosecutors . Samsung has apologized for "  causing concerns " and said it would outline plans for reform this week . E-mail to a friend	Samsung Group chairman , Lee Kun-hee , plans to resign , Yonhap reports Lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust Prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his son
CNN  -- If you 've ever griped about being mired in a traffic jam , there was proof this weekend in Russia that it could have been worse . Much , much worse . The backup Sunday afternoon on part of the main highway between Moscow and St. Petersburg -- the country 's two most populated cities -- stretched 125 miles long , according to media reports cited by state-run RIA Novosti news . Video showed fog , but little evident precipitation after days of heavy snow . Even so , movement along sections of the M-10 highway largely was limited to foot traffic , not vehicular traffic , as trucks and cars sat motionless . Efforts to clear roads had some impact by early evening , by which time tie-ups were down to 34 miles along the M-10 highway , reported the State Automobile Inspectorate , a division of Russia 's Interior Ministry . The length of the traffic jam was shrinking about three-fourths of a mile every hour , a spokesman for that agency told the state news outlet . That is an improvement , but still a far cry from the "  normalization " of traffic that Russia 's Emergencies Ministry said would occur by 6 p.m. Sunday , according to RIA Novosti . An Emergencies Ministry spokesman reported that , by then , one lane in each direction of the M-10 was clear of snow -- allowing trucks to creep along at 5-10 kph  3-6 mph  . Blame for the slow slog goes , at least in part , to bad weather . The traffic headaches began Friday , when heavy snow began falling in western Russia . By the time it finally tapered off , three feet had fallen . While snow and related traffic woes are hardly unprecedented in Russia in December , drivers had other reasons to complain . In comments on social networking and news websites , as related by RIA Novosti , stuck drivers and passengers reported cafes along the clogged roadway took advantage of them by ratcheting up prices . Others said some gas stations had run out of fuel , or grumbled that authorities were n't much help . Video showed an inflatable tent popped up on the side of highway , with tables inside full of people filling up on food and drinks . In addition to hot food and warming stations , the RIA Novosti report noted the Emergencies Ministry was making psychological support available to those having trouble coping with the days-long traffic nightmare . "  Emergencies Minister Vladmir Puchkov  is making sure that all necessary measures are being taken and that all vital personnel in afflicted regions have everything they need , " a ministry spokesman said .	Heavy snow starting Friday caused traffic woes in western Russia By Sunday afternoon , backups on a major highway reportedly stretched 125 miles Vehicles were finally moving better by the evening , though still only at 3 to 6 miles per hour Some travelers griped about price gouging , lack of gas and the response from authorities
CNN  -- For 12 bloody , horrific months , Syrian dissidents and many world leaders have dreamt of one outcome for the Syrian crisis : the ouster of President Bashar al-Assad . But who would take over the embattled country remains a mystery -- one that could be fueling the bloodshed that has already killed thousands . Murhaf Jouejati , a Syrian-born scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington , said foreign leaders may be reluctant to take stronger action against the regime because no one knows who would come to power . "  I think the international community would like a scenario that would be as clear as possible : Who would they be dealing with ? Do they have a vision for the future ? Or will it be total chaos ? " Jouejati said . "  So this uncertainty is prolonging the life of the regime -- uncertainty both shared by Syrians sitting on the fence inside Syria and in the international community . " Exactly who would lead Syria , he said , depends on how al-Assad leaves . A military coup As remote as it may seem , al-Assad 's downfall could come in the form of an internal coup , said former U.S. ambassador to Syria Edward Djerejian . "  In many ways , this would be the best outcome because there would be regime change , " said Djerejian , director of Rice University 's James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy . But staging a military coup with high-level defectors may seem like a pipe dream -- one that could have deadly consequences . "  When generals get together , there are usually other generals looking over their shoulders , " Jouejati said , making it difficult to carry out a rebellion among top officers with unanimous support and without retaliation . In recent weeks , opposition activists have reported dozens of defected soldiers killed at the hands of the regime . Yet "  if the Assad regime collapses violently , it is most likely that elements of the Syrian National Council , along with others , take over as an interim government , " Jouejati said . The Syrian National Council The Syrian National Council -- an opposition coalition whose leadership resides outside of Syria -- has gained recognition from the United States , France and other countries as a legitimate representative of the Syrian opposition . Ausama Monajed , adviser to the president of the Syrian National Council , says his group already has a plan for a post-Assad era . First , a presidential council would be formed in the transition phase to handle all affairs related to sovereignty , he said . In addition , a transitional unity government would include opposition figures , representatives of revolutionary committees and "  members of the regime who have no responsibility in crimes or major corruption , " Monajed said . That transitional government would oversee the organization of elections to designate a Constituent Assembly . The assembly would be tasked with drafting a new constitution , a political party law , and a new election law , and would oversee parliamentary and presidential elections , Monajed said . But some analysts are skeptical about the Syrian National Council acting as an interim administrator . "  There 's a lack of coordination amongst the insiders , and they represent the outsiders , not the insiders , " Djerejian said . "  It 's not a coherent opposition leadership . " The current president of the council , Burhan Ghalioun , is based in Paris . Other leaders are based in the United States , London or elsewhere . And footage of some protesters in Syria shows demonstrators proclaiming , "  Ghalioun , you do not represent us . " The SNC has also taken heat from some anti-Assad activists for not pushing harder on the international stage to help arm rebel fighters . But Monajed disputes the notion that the coalition is full of expatriates . "  The Syrian National Council 's majority of members are based inside Syria , but many of those names are not made public for their safety , " he said . "  The Syrian National Council is a broad-based coalition of political , religious and ethnic blocs added to the majority of grass-roots and revolutionary members from the coordinating committees . " Yet even if the SNC becomes a facilitator while a new government is formed , it 's uncertain who would lead that group at the time of an al-Assad ouster ; the SNC presidency has a term of three months . A rebel military leader Although numerous armed opposition groups emerged after the government 's crackdown started , a top military defector from the rebel Higher Military Council announced last week that rebel forces have united under the leadership of the Free Syrian Army . The FSA , comprised largely of al-Assad soldiers who have defected , is led by Col. Riad al-Asaad . But Jouejati does n't think the rebel army 's commander would be a shoo-in to lead Syria . "  There is the expectation of further defectors of the army -- maybe defectors of a higher rank than Col. Riad al-Asaad , " he said . Al-Asaad is commanding the FSA from Turkey . But Jouejati said there are no big names among rebel ranks inside Syria that are emerging as possible interim leaders . "  The Assad regime has been particularly good at exiling , arresting or even killing charismatic leaders , " he said . "  So there is n't one obvious leader . " The vice president Then there 's the possibility of Syria 's vice president taking power after an al-Assad downfall . "  The opposition , at first , talked about Vice President Farouk al-Sharaa as interim president ... but this is becoming highly unlikely " as the carnage and anger mount in Syria , Jouejati said . "  The vice president has been left in a very weak political position . He has a very small staff , he does not control anything . He does not influence anything in Syrian decision-making , " he said . "  If the Assad regime collapses , he will collapse . " But Djerejian says the vice president could still come into play , and the al-Assad family could still exert influence . "  If something happens to Bashar al-Assad , and the Baath party and Alawites still remain in power , a vice president might still be in power . The family would still rule , " Djerejian said . Al-Assad 's younger brother Maher commands an elite division of the Syrian army and is accused of widespread human rights abuses . His cousin Rami Makhlouf is the richest man in Syria . The al-Assad family is Alawite , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . Syria 's Alawite minority has long dominated the Syrian government , despite a Sunni majority in the country . But "  even if someone from the regime takes over power , there is simply no going back to business as usual , " Jouejati said . "  This revolution has gone on too far , too long , and it has been too bloody . ... So Syria will be opening a new page . " How would al-Assad go ? Getting rid of the current regime means much more than just ousting Bashar al-Assad . It means uprooting 42 years of al-Assad family rule . Ribal al-Assad , the president 's cousin who is now a Syrian opposition activist in London , said Bashar al-Assad is "  too scared to step down . " "  I think he 's very scared of the people around him and the different security apparatus , " said Ribal al-Assad , founder and director of The Organisation for Democracy and Freedom in Syria . "  His father built the state . His father rose  through  the ranks of the army . He had all power in his hand , " Ribal al-Assad said . "  Bashar is different . He inherited that system . He inherited all those people , he does n't control them . " "  It looks like the only way to get rid of that regime , " he said , "  is you have to pry away people around Bashar . " Another possibility , Djerejian said , is the president could go into exile . Al-Assad does have options . Tunisia -- the cradle of the Arab Spring uprisings and the first clountry last year to oust its longtime ruler -- has offered asylum to the Syrian president in an attempt to spare further bloodshed . And a cache of e-mails leaked to CNN indicates the daughter of Qatar 's emir has suggested exile in Doha . But al-Assad leads a dynastic regime that shows no sign of backing down . "  I think they 're living in their own world of perception , and there 's an aspect of delusion , " Djerejian said . To be objective , he said , the president still has support from the power elite , Alawites and other minorities "  that are scared to death if he leaves , there 'd be sectarian war . Better to live with the devil we know then than the devil we do n't . " Jouejati acknowledges that if dissidents manage to oust the al-Assad regime , "  there would be a very rapid mood change " among those proclaiming support for al-Assad . "  But  most of these people you are not talking about , they are simply very , very fearful of what happens next , " he said . " They would prefer stability at any price instead of the unknown . I think when the unknown becomes the order of day , the Assad regime is past them , there will be a new mood , and they will smell the smells of freedom . "	The uncertainty over who would take over could be fueling the bloodshed , some say The Syrian National Council has a plan for building a transitional government before elections An expert says neither the vice president nor a rebel army leader is a likely successor Syrian president 's cousin : Al-Assad is too scared to step down
CNN  -- Gabon 's President Omar Bongo , Africa 's longest-serving ruler , died Monday morning , the country 's prime minister said , settling conflicting reports from government and media accounts . Gabon 's President Omar Bongo , who died Monday , was Africa 's longest-serving ruler . Calm was reported after the announcement , but Gabon 's Ministry of Defense nonetheless announced it was closing all of the country 's land , air and sea ports , according to a ministry statement . The statement , which was broadcast on state television and radio , said that in "  the best interest of the nation , the Ministry of Defense calls on the population to increase their vigilance and patriotism during this difficult and painful time the country is facing . " In a statement , Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong said Bongo suffered cardiac arrest at a hospital in Barcelona , Spain . "  He dedicated his political life to his country and the Gabonese people , always cultivating the unity and cohesion of the Gabonese toward a true peace , " Ndong said . The government declared a 30-day national period of mourning . Bongo , 73 , had been receiving treatment for intestinal cancer at the Quiron clinic in Barcelona , Spain , according to the Gabonews agency . Earlier in the day , the prime minister strongly refuted initial French news reports of Bongo 's death . He had vowed to lodge a protest with the French authorities about "  repeated leaks in the French press . " Shortly afterward , hospital officials reported Bongo 's passing to Gabonese officials . Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after the West African country 's independence from France . He imposed one-party rule a year after succeeding the country 's first president , who died in office . He allowed multiparty elections after a new constitution in 1991 , but his party has retained control of the government since then . President Obama said Bongo "  played a key role in developing and shaping the strong bilateral relationship that exists between Gabon and the United States today . " "  President Bongo consistently emphasized the importance of seeking compromise and striving for peace , and made protecting Gabon 's natural treasures a priority , " Obama said in a statement Monday . "  His work in conservation in his country and his commitment to conflict resolution across the continent are an important part of his legacy and will be remembered with respect . " CNN 's Per Nyberg and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense Ministry closing all of the country 's ports after leader 's death Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after Gabon 's independence from France At the time of his death , he was being treated in Spain for intestinal cancer Earlier Monday , there had been conflicting reports about the state of Bongo 's health
CNN  -- A California man indicted in a Vanderbilt University football rape investigation traveled to Tennessee and surrendered to police , Nashville authorities said Friday . Miles Joseph Finley , 19 , who is charged with evidence tampering , will be arraigned later . His bail was set at $ 10,000 , Nashville police said , and it was unclear Friday whether Finley had posted that bail . Neither he nor his attorney could be immediately reached for comment . A co-defendant , Joseph Dominick Quinzio , 20 , of Palm Desert , California , "  continues to go through the legalities of the extradition process in California , " police said in a statement . Finley , of Bermuda Dunes , California , and Quinzio are friends of Brandon Vandenburg , one of four former Vanderbilt football players indicted on charges of rape , and are each accused of one felony count of tampering with electronic evidence , authorities said . Vandenburg is accused of taking an unconscious Vanderbilt woman into a building on campus on June 23 . He was allegedly joined in his dorm room by three now-former Vanderbilt football players also indicted on charges of rape : Cory Batey , Brandon Banks and Jaborian McKenzie , authorities said . A fifth football player , Chris Boyd , 21 , a standout junior wide receiver , pleaded guilty to helping cover up the alleged on-campus gang rape and was removed from the team . He accepted a yearlong probation sentence and agreed to testify against the four other players . The four other football players have been dismissed from the team and suspended from school . Each of the four men has been charged with five counts of aggravated rape and two counts of aggravated sexual battery . Vandenburg was also charged with one count of tampering with evidence and one count of unlawful photography , police said .	Miles Joseph Finley , 19 , is accused of evidence tampering He traveled voluntarily to Nashville to surrender to police He and a co-defendant are friends of a former Vanderbilt football player 's Four football players are implicated in alleged rape of Vanderbilt student
London  CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's hair is no laughing matter . Not for the country 's embassy employees in London , at least . Chalk it up to British humor when London barbers hung a poster in their shop of Kim and his signature hairstyle : a longer top , with the sides of his head shaved . The barbers do n't consider that cut too appealing . So they used Kim 's hair to try to drum up business for their M&M Hair Academy . "  Having a bad hair day ? " asks the sign , which features an image of Kim . "  15 % off all men 's haircuts through the month of April from Tuesday to Thursday . " The day after the sign went up , two men in suits entered the barber shop and confronted the manager , according to the manager 's son , Karim Nabbach , 26 . The two men were n't laughing . They told manager Mo Nabbach , "  We are North Koreans , and that is our leader on your poster , " Karim Nabbach said . The two men apparently worked at the nearby North Korean Embassy . Mo Nabbach refused to give his name and told them to get a lawyer if they had a problem . He asked them to leave . The manager then reported the incident to police in case anything happened to his shop , Karim Nabbach said . Police acknowledged the dispute between the North Koreans and the barbers over what is -- and is n't -- bad hair . They even looked into the matter , but they found no crime . "  We have spoken to all parties involved , and no offence has been disclosed , " a spokesman for Scotland Yard said . Calls to the North Korean Embassy in London for comment went unanswered . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Carol Jordan contributed to this report from London . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	Barbers Mo and Karim Nabbach put up a sign about Kim Jong Un 's hair "  Having a bad hair day ? " the sign asks , offering 15 % off men 's haircuts Two North Koreans confront the shop 's owner , saying "  That is our leader " Scotland Yard looks into the matter but finds no crime
Havana , Cuba  CNN  Two weeks after the United States and Cuba agreed to thaw decades of icy relations , the U.S. State Department blasted the Cuban government for reportedly arresting at least six dissidents . There was no comment from Cuban authorities on the arrests that were reported by other dissidents and the U.S. State Department . "  We are deeply concerned about the latest reports of detentions and arrests by Cuban authorities of peaceful civil society members and activists , " State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said in a statement . Roberta Jacobson , the assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere Affairs , wrote Tuesday on Twitter that "  Freedom of expression remains core of U.S. policy on Cuba , we support activists exercising those rights and condemn today 's detentions . " Jacobson is expected to travel to Havana in January to lead U.S. efforts to normalize relations with Cuba , U.S. government officials had previously said . The reported detentions came after a Cuban performance artist called for an open forum to demand changes from the country 's single-party communist government . The event was due to take place in Havana 's revolution square , the central plaza usually reserved for speeches from Fidel and Raul Castro and visiting dignitaries like Pope John Paul II . Cuban dissidents said the artist , Tania Bruguera , well-known for pushing the limits of freedom of expression in Cuba , was also arrested before the protest could begin . Bruguera had tried to convince Cuban officials to allow the event to go forward but on Tuesday the government-run union for artists and writers released a statement calling her proposal a "  political provocation " meant to derail improving U.S.-Cuban relations . Government critic and blogger Yoani Sanchez wrote that she supported the event but on Tuesday tweeted that she was under house arrest and her husband had been taken away by police . CNN saw a police car and two uniformed police officers , as well as at least two men in civilian clothes who appeared to be security agents , outside the building where Sanchez lives on Tuesday . No one answered her door when the CNN crew tried to reach her for comment . Cubans have limited access to the Internet and despite a social media campaign to raise awareness about the event , the protest never materialized Tuesday . On December 17 , Cuba released U.S. contractor Alan Gross , who 'd been held since 2009 for smuggling satellite equipment onto the island . His freedom was part of a landmark deal paving the way for a major overhaul in U.S. policy toward Cuba . Cuba also freed a Cuban double agent who had worked as a U.S. intelligence source and who 'd been held for more than 20 years , although authorities did not identify that person for security reasons . For its part , the United States released three of five Cuban intelligence agents convicted of espionage in 2001 .	The United States and Cuba exchanged prisoners two weeks ago The move was part of a change in U.S. policy toward the island nation Dissidents reported several arrests ahead of a planned rally Tuesday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Fourteen Pakistani soldiers were killed when they fired a mortar to try and repel a group of militants but accidentally hit themselves , a government official said . The incident occurred when the soldiers were traveling in a convoy of three vehicles Monday night near the village of Akakhel in Khyber Agency , said Roshan Khan , a government official in the agency . Miltants fired on the convoy with machine guns and a soldier responded by firing a mortar . Somehow the mortar landed among the soldiers , killing them , Khan said . Khyber Agency , 24 kilometers  14 miles  west of Peshawar , is the capital of northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is considered a hub for militants . Khyber Agency also is one of the main supply routes for the U.S.-led coalition forces operating in Afghanistan and militants frequently attack NATO supply trucks in the region . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Militants attack soldiers with machine gun fire , officials says The incident occurs in Khyber Agency an area known as a hub for militants
CNN  -- Roger Federer is through to a tenth consecutive Australian Open semifinal after beating France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in five sets at the Rod Laver Arena on Wednesday . The world No. 2 fought off a gutsy challenge from the seventh seed to eventually prevail 7-6 4-6 7-6 3-6 6-3 in three hours 34 minutes to set up a clash with Britain 's Andy Murray on Friday . Sloane Stephens stuns Serena Williams "  It was a tough close for sure but whole match was tough , " Federer said . "  You never know what Jo is going to come up with ... I feel a bit lucky to come through , but I felt I played some great tennis and it was a pleasure to play against Jo tonight because he played great too . " Tsonga fought back twice from being a set down and saved four match points , but as so often , Federer prevailed in the deciding fifth set , breaking the Frenchman in the fourth game before going on to serve out the match . Federer won the last of his four titles in Melbourne against Murray back in 2010 and is relishing facing the Scot again . "  It will be extremely tough . It was great to have seen him play such a great year last year and finally get his first slam , and the Olympic gold was an amazing achievement after a tough loss in the Wimbledon final . I 'm looking forward to it . He 's a great guy and a great player , " Federer said . Earlier , Murray dispatched Jeremy Chardy in straight sets 6-4 6-1 6-2 to reach his fourth consecutive Australian Open semifinal . The world No. 3 overpowered the unseeded Frenchman -- who knocked out Juan Martin del Potro in the third round -- in one hour 51 minutes . "  Today was the best I 've played so far , " Murray said afterwards . "  I struggled in my last few rounds and I knew he 'd beaten some top players . I knew I had to be sharp . I moved well today . " World No. 1 Novak Djokovic and Spain 's David Ferrer will meet in the other semifinal on Thursday .	Roger Federer beats Frenchman Tsonga in quarterfinals of Australian Open in Melbourne World No. 2 will play Britain 's Andy Murray who enjoyed straight-sets win over Jeremy Chardy Novak Djokovic and David Ferrer will contest other semifinal on Thursday
CNN  -- South Korea 's new president has pledged to donate his salary to the underprivileged . South Korean leader Lee Myung-Bak says he would donate his salary to help the underprivileged . Lee Myung-Bak made the pledge during an unscheduled meeting with reporters Sunday in the press room of his presidential office , the state news agency reported . The president said he would donate his salary during his entire five-year term . Lee is a former CEO of an engineering and construction company with a vast personal fortune . As mayor of Seoul from 2002 to 2004 , Lee donated his salary to the children of street cleaners and firefighters . "  I promised to spend my whole salary earned as a public official on public welfare , " Lee told reporters . "  My plan to donate the presidential salary to the underprivileged is an extension of that promise . " The news agency did not say how much the president earns in a year . During the election campaign , Lee , 66 , vowed to donate his entire personal fortune of more than 30 billion won  $ 30.2 million  to the poor . He said at the time he would keep only a retirement house in Seoul . E-mail to a friend	South Korean leader Lee Myung-Bak says he will donate his salary to help the poor While mayor of Seoul , he donated salary to children of street cleaners and firefighters Lee is a former CEO of an engineering and construction company
San Francisco  CNN  -- Dozens of people , many tapping on iPhones and discussing the "  Steve Jobs " biography , lined up at a shopping center here on Thursday . But these Apple fans were n't in line to buy the company 's latest gadget . They were here to see "  Steve Jobs : The Lost Interview , " a documentary of sorts that 's now playing in a handful of U.S. cities . This particular screening of the never-before-aired interview with the Apple co-founder was set to be the final one at this theater , but producers extended its run after showings sold out . The film 's interviewer , Robert X. Cringely , watched in the audience and answered questions afterward . The 69-minute interview with Jobs was taped in 1995 for a PBS documentary called "  Triumph of the Nerds . " The program aired only nine minutes of Jobs ' statements . The master copy of the interview was lost in transit , but director Paul Sen had secretly kept a copy on VHS tape , Cringely said . After Jobs died in October , Sen went searching through his garage until he found it . "  It was the first time in 16 years he touched the tape , " Cringely told the audience at Thursday 's screening . "  It wo n't be lost for another 16 years . " After the movie completes its brief run in theaters , "  Steve Jobs : The Lost Interview " will probably be made available online and on DVD , Cringely said . Over the course of one month while pitching the idea to Landmark Theatres , Cringely and a small team shot an introduction and tacked on a brief text recap that runs without sound at the end . The production is crude , as is the low-quality footage from VHS , but Jobs is captivating . He told stories with charisma , enthusiasm and his flair for dramatics . He spoke candidly and with emotion . "  He never sat for another interview like this , and what a shame , " Cringely said . The interview shows Jobs as alternately witty , charming , cranky and bitter toward those he believed crossed him . At the time , Jobs had left Apple and was running a small computer company , NeXT Computer , that targeted the education market . NeXT was purchased by Apple the next year , and soon after , Jobs was again running the company he founded with Steve Wozniak in his parents ' Silicon Valley garage . Cringely , then a technology columnist , managed to score a coveted interview with Jobs because NeXT desperately needed the attention and because Cringely and Jobs had a prior relationship . Cringely worked for Jobs in the early days of Apple , where he had turned down stock in the company for a $ 6-an-hour wage . The filmed interview drew laughs from the audience at several moments . In one instance , Cringely asked whether there 's a hidden meaning when Jobs uses a nasty four-letter word to describe his employees ' subpar work . "  No , " Jobs said , it meant exactly what it implied , and he explained that the "  A players " do n't require him to "  baby their egos . " Jobs reminisced about his early days with Wozniak , including the time they made a prank phone call to the Vatican and asked for the pope . He also panned IBM and Xerox , and was particularly nasty toward Microsoft . "  The only problem with Microsoft is , they just have no taste , " he said in a now-famous line . Jobs predicted the meteoric rise of the Internet , which he said would be especially satisfying because Microsoft does n't own it . He also described how he runs a business and the difference between workers who specialize in process versus content -- an imbalance he said tainted IBM . Jobs was especially critical of John Sculley , the PepsiCo executive who he hired to run Apple and who later fired him . Jobs described Sculley as a corrupt marketing guy and a failed manager who was wrong for the job . He also expounded on the importance of a strong leader but added that companies are not just about one person . "  People like symbols , " Jobs said . "  So I 'm the symbol for certain things . "	"  Steve Jobs : The Lost Interview " is based on a 1995 interview taped for PBS Most of the 69-minute interview was never aired In it , Jobs talks about Adobe , Microsoft and his ouster from Apple The interview is now playing in a handful of movie theaters
CNN  -- Edgar Davids made a successful return to playing action after a two-year absence by leading minnows Barnet to its first league win of the season . Barnet , which plays in League Two in England , had failed to win any of its previous 12 league games and was beaten 4-1 in Davids ' first match in charge last weekend . The 39-year-old was appointed as joint Head Coach of the strugglers last week alongside Mark Robson , who arrived at Underhill at the start of the season . ` Pitbull ' Davids joins Barnet And after installing himself as captain and picking up his trademark booking , Davids helped Barnet to an impressive 4-0 win over Northampton Town . Davids , who had been coaching street soccer in London , had not played competitively since appearing for Crystal Palace back in October 2010 . But his presence boosted a Barnet side , which started the night rooted to the foot of the league table and contemplating a fight against relegation . The Dutchman , who has won league titles in Italy and the Netherlands , also lifted the Champions League trophy during his earlier days with Ajax . Nicknamed ` Pitbull ' it was the tenacious nature of Davids ' play which endeared him to the public and helped him win 74 international caps for the Netherlands between 1994 and 2005 . While Davids has been used to gracing the San Siro and Camp Nou , he was forced to encounter the infamous Underhill slope for the very first time . But even that failed to stop him as he lasted the full 90 minutes in what was a perfect return to professional football .	Edgar Davids makes his comeback for League Two side Barnet Dutchman had not played professional football since October 2010 Davids was appointed as joint Head Coach of the club just over a week ago His first start coincided with Barnet 's first league win of the season
Editor 's note : Jack D. Hidary co-founded a technology company , Earth Web/Dice , and a financial research company , Vista Research . He works currently in the fields of clean energy technology and policy and is chairman of SmartTransportation.org which successfully pushed for the use of hybrid cars as taxis in New York City . Jack Hidary says the Cash for Clunkers program promotes fuel economy and safety while boosting the economy . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Our country is facing a daunting economic challenge this year and we must take steps to pull ourselves out of this ditch . One such program that has hit the ground running is Cash for Clunkers . It 's helping consumers move beyond these hard times and has reignited a whole industry . Cash for Clunkers is now working in more than 10 countries around the world . In Germany , consumers have junked more than 1.2 million guzzlers in the last five months and significantly boosted the economy there . So we know that Clunkers programs get the job done . How many other government programs can you say that about ? The Senate has joined the House in passing an additional $ 2 billion for Cash for Clunkers , allowing the program to move forward . This will bring additional buyers to the showroom . One key feature of the Clunkers program is that it is not just $ 3 billion of new money into the economy . It is injecting $ 21 billion -- since consumers must bring the rest of the money to pay for the new car . That is a lot of stimulus for the dollar . Cash for Clunkers is saving jobs up and down the auto supply chain : from dealers to assembly workers and parts markers . Dealerships alone lost 50,000 jobs in the last 18 months and would continue to shed jobs without this program . If you look at the new cars consumers are buying with the program , 45 percent are from Detroit 's Big Three automakers . That is a lot of new sales for Ford , GM and Chrysler . Cash for Clunkers also helps autoworkers across the country . Let 's remember that lots of the Toyotas and Hondas sold in the program are made by American workers right here in this country . They are in states such as Kentucky , Tennessee and Alabama . This program helps all American autoworkers , not just those up North . Some people ask why we should help the auto industry and not other industries in this same way . Cash for Clunkers actually helps all of us -- even those of us who do not participate in the program or work in the auto industry . First , the auto industry has so many connected jobs in real estate , finance , manufacturing and other industries , that is hard to separate it out . Second , one of the biggest drags on our economy is our trade imbalance . We import about $ 700 billion more than we export . That hurts our capital flows , credit and other key indicators . Guess what amounts to 50 percent of that trade imbalance ? Oil . We use 21 million barrels of oil every day in the United States and import 62 percent of that -- mainly from countries that really do n't like us . We use that oil mainly for transportation -- cars , SUVs , and other vehicles . Unless we scrap guzzlers at a faster rate , we will never reduce our oil consumption . Cash for Clunkers is a step in the right direction . It educates the consumer on how much they are paying for having a low-MPG car and encourages them to get into a more efficient vehicle . A family can save $ 750 - $ 1,000 a year by jumping just 10 mpg in efficiency . Those savings will increase as gas prices go back up . Gas has already shot up from $ 1.50 a gallon to $ 2.60 . Do you want to be stuck with a 10 mile-per-gallon guzzler when gas jumps back to $ 4 a gallon ? Third , Cash for Clunkers saves lives . When you bring in a clunker that has no airbags , anti-lock brakes or other modern safety features and get a new car that does , you are protecting your family . Forty thousand people die every year on American highways and many more get serious injuries . You can reduce your chances of becoming a statistic by getting the most safety for your dollar -- and with the Clunkers program you can now do that more affordably . As a co-architect of the federal Cash for Clunkers program with the Center for American Progress and the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy and adviser to various congressional offices on the issue , it is gratifying to see how quickly it has been adopted by the American people . It achieves multiple goals -- it stimulates auto sales , increases the efficiency of the U.S. fleet and makes us safer . Let 's support this program by encouraging our friends and neighbors to finally retire that guzzler and help the country with the purchase of a cleaner , lower maintenance car for the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack D. Hidary .	Jack Hidary : Cash for Clunkers program boosting economy and auto industry He says getting clunkers off the road will help decrease dependence on foreign oil He says switching to a more efficient car can improve safety and save cash Hidary : Cash for Clunkers is saving jobs up and down the auto supply chain
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic gave a perfect illustration of why he 's the top ranked player in the world as he dismantled France 's Jeremy Chardy to reach the Wimbledon fourth round Saturday . The Serbian made it look ominously easy against an opponent seeded 28th for the grass court grand slam and ran out a 6-3 6-2 6-2 winner in a shade under an hour and a half . The match statistics revealed he did not make a single unforced error until the sixth game of the third set when he double faulted on his own service and winners flowed freely from his racket , nearly 40 in all . Chardy , who has upset a number of leading players in his career , British hope and No. 2 seed Andy Murray included , was simply outclassed on Centre Court . Djokovic , bidding to add to his single title at SW19 , won in his outstanding year of 2011 , will go into the fourth round and second week with confidence on a high . The Australian Open champion will play German veteran Tommy Haas for a place in the quarterfinals after the 13th seed beat Feliciano Lopez of Spain , 4-6 6-2 7-5 6-4 . Big-hitting Czech Tomas Berdych is also in Djokovic 's section of the draw and he came through after a four-set battle with Kevin Anderson of South Africa , 3-6 6-3 6-4 7-5 . The seventh seed must first get past unseeded young Australian Bernard Tomic , who underlined his potential by dispatching ninth ranked Richard Gasquet of France . After his 7-6 5-7 7-5 7-6 win over Gasquet , Tomic said he was confident of repeating the dose . "  Now I 'm playing someone different , Tomas Berdych , who is a very , very good player . I 'm going to have to study up on that , work with my team and my dad to give myself the best chance of winning , " he said . Tomic 's father John is barred from the All England Club after an alleged assault in Madrid on his son 's former practice partner Thomas Drouet , but they have been working together outside of the grounds , the world number 59 revealed . Spain 's David Ferrer had to battle long and hard to clinch his place in the last 16 after a five-set tussle with Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolov . The never say die fourth seed had to come from two sets to one down before clinching the decider 6-2 . Ferrer lost in the French Open final earlier this month to compatriot Rafael Nadal , who suffered a shock defeat on the first day of the championship . Defending men 's champion Roger Federer followed him through the exit door on Wednesday , leaving the way apparently clear for Djokovic and Murray , both of whom have been impeccable form in the first week . In the women 's singles , top seed Serena Williams was an equally emphatic winner against 42-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm of Japan . Williams , bidding for her 17th grand slam title in her Wimbledon defense , was only briefly troubled by her veteran opponent before racing to a 6-2 6-0 win under the Centre Court roof late Saturday . She will next play Sabine Lisicki after the German accounted for Australia 's Sam Stosur . Earlier , the home crowd were left to celebrate the passage of 19-year-old Laura Robson to the last 16 after she beat New Zealand 's Marina Erakovic , 1-6 , 7-5 , 6-3 on a packed Court Two . 2011 champion Petra Kvitova , the eighth seed , and with a golden opportunity in her section of the draw after the exits of Maria Sharapova and Victoria Azarenka , battled past Russian Ekaterina Makarova 6-3 2-6 6-3 .	Novak Djokovic beats Jeremy Chardy in straight sets Australia 's Bernard Tomic puts out ninth seed Richard Gasquet David Ferrer survives five-set marathon to make last 16 Serena Williams on course in her title defense
CNN  Even though Rafael Nadal had beaten his first-round opponent at the Australian Open , Mikhail Youzhny , five straight times , the Spaniard was n't sure what to expect when they played Monday . After all Nadal last competed at a major at Wimbledon and had lost both singles matches that he contested this year as he returned from appendix surgery . Nadal -- who also suffered from back and wrist injuries in 2014 -- cast doubt on his Australian Open participation just last week . Youzhny , too , owned four victories over the 14-time grand slam champion . But in a score that is sure to have his rivals taking note , the Spaniard crushed the former top-10 regular 6-3 6-2 6-2 . "  Very positive result for me , " Nadal told reporters . "  I think very good start . "  Always before the first match you have the doubts , especially in this situation I 'm arriving here . Never easy , but it was an important match for me . Was a comfortable victory that give me some confidence . " Nadal habitually lingers on court even when he wins in straight sets but he needed just one hour , 50 minutes to dispose of the veteran Russian . He only faced one break point , dropped four points behind his first serve and struck 22 more winners than unforced errors . "  I think I returned well , " said the 2014 finalist . "  My return worked really well . The serve , too . I served , I think , the right way , with only one break point during the whole match . And in general I played with not many mistakes . " Nadal could face Roger Federer in the semifinals , and the Swiss began his charge with a 6-4 6-2 7-5 win over Yen-Hsun Lu . Lu has upset the likes of Andy Murray , Andy Roddick and David Nalbandian in the past but he only really challenged the 17-time grand slam winner in the third set . An attacking Federer -- appearing in a record extending 61st straight major -- approached the net more than 40 times , winning 70 % of those points . Nadal and Federer were joined in the second round by two-time grand slam winner Murray , although an outside contender for the women 's draw , Ana Ivanovic , fell . There was a time when many thought the former No. 1 would never return to the top 10 and top five but 2013 and 2014 saw the Serb re-climb the rankings . And last week , she extended Maria Sharapova to three sets in a final in Brisbane . Her goal in 2015 , she said , was to perform her best at the grand slams , yet Monday 's 1-6 6-3 6-2 loss to Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka means she still has n't figured things out . Ivanovic heavily contributed to her downfall , hitting 10 double faults . It 's now only one grand slam quarterfinal for Ivanovic in her past nine attempts . "  It 's really disappointing , " Ivanovic told reporters . "  It 's probably the worst thing that could happen . "  I really have to now sit and work on few things and just maybe try to have a different approach to this kind of event and try to see what was lacking . " Ivanovic admitted to nerves prior to the encounter , as did third-seed Simona Halep ahead of her match against Karin Knapp . But the fast-rising Halep overcame the nerves and eased past the Italian 6-3 6-2 . Sharapova , bidding for a first major outside the French Open in seven years , defeated Petra Martic 6-4 6-1 . Halep 's reward is a second-round clash with Aussie Jarmila Gajdosova , who snapped a long drought at her home major . Having lost all nine of her previous matches in Melbourne , the big-serving Gajdosova ousted Halep 's fellow Romanian Alexandra Dulgheru 6-3 6-4 . "  I was talking to my coach and I told him I actually did feel like I won the Australian Open , " Gajdosova said . "  It was just the first round but it 's been such a long time coming . Not to be able to do it in your home Grand Slam was very devastating for me . " Later , there was more joy for Australia as two of its brightest prospects won five setters . First Thanasi Kokkinakis upset 11th seed Ernests Gulbis 5-7 6-0 1-6 7-6  2  8-6 . Kokkinakis -- who saved four match points in the fourth -- celebrated by doing a victory lap . Not long after and past midnight in Melbourne , Nick Kyrgios -- Nadal 's conqueror at Wimbledon -- edged Federico Delbonis 7-6  2  3-6 6-3 6-7  5  6-3 .	Rafael Nadal crushes Mikhail Youzhny at the Australian Open It was Nadal 's first grand slam match since last year at Wimbledon But women 's contender Ana Ivanovic loses her opener in Melbourne Roger Federer , Simona Halep , Andy Murray progress to the second round
Los Angeles  CNN  -- My rosary-packing mom taught me not to say that four-letter word that begins with "  h , " not talking about hell but hate . But she forbids lying , too , so I am going to be straight -- I HATE driving on the 405 Freeway . I avoid the 405 like poison oak , or wild-eyed people you randomly meet on story shoots who want you to pitch their product . The 405 is a time bandit , a concrete thief that steals hours as you take agonizing drives in awful traffic . Quakes , riots , Lohan and now this ? l live in the San Fernando Valley , but the 405 is a mandatory evil for times when I must head to LAX for CNN trips or vacation . I tolerate the 405 by blasting the radio or stopping at Tito 's Tacos in Culver City like it 's some oasis . The only thing more horrendous than the 405 is the 405 in rush hour . The only thing more horrendous than the 405 in rush hour is the 405 in rush hour during an accident . The only thing worse than the 405 in rush hour during an accident is to throw in construction . ` Carmageddon ' officially on in Los Angeles The 405 defines relationships . A budding romance might wilt under pressure of having to drive or cross the 405 for a rendezvous . True friends will endure the 405 's whims . The 405 tests commitment -- to work , athletic teams and even family . My relatives who are clustered up the 101 Freeway in Solvang and points beyond fortunately have zero reason to drive the 405 to get to my house , But to them , the 405 is a barrier they still must navigate in Encino , like the Alps , or the Straits of Magellan . During "  Carmageddon " I will test whether it 's faster to fly from Burbank to Long Beach via JetBlue or just drive it . I will win this contest because it takes time to board a plane , and I can mainly avoid the 405 . I 'll slip around and past it , using the almost as heinous Interstate 5 and the 710 to get to Long Beach . The 405 is almost completely out of range as I maneuver far away from its reach , as if I 'm dodging English archers . But for all my abject hate for the 405 , I want this billion-dollar HOV lane , improvement and overhaul to work . I am rooting for the pain to be eased by new lanes , bridges , on ramps , off ramps interchanges and attitude .	CNN senior producer Paul Vercammen : "  I HATE " driving the 405 Freeway The highway steals hours as you take agonizing drives in awful traffic , he writes For all his hate , he hopes this weekend 's interruption will lead to less pain on the 405
CNN  -- With a new school year starting , homework is front and center in many homes . Parents worry if their kids are completing the assigned work while kids wonder why they have to work when really they prefer to play in the sun . There 's good news for some families in Quebec . The College de Saint-Ambroise , an elementary school in Quebec , has banned homework for kids in grade one through six for a year . The Canadian media exploded with blogs , tweets and radio talk shows questioning the decision or applauding the action . Attempts to ban homework are n't new . In 2012 , President Francoise Hollande of France proposed banning homework for all primary and middle school students , which was roundly ridiculed by The Wall Street Journal . In the same year , a school in Germany decided to actually do away with homework for students in grades five to nine . Oddly , when schools decide to ban homework , it is big news , but we know little about what happens afterward . What we do know is that Finland assigns little homework and its students have some of the highest test scores in the world . Los Angeles Unified School District -- America 's second-largest school system -- took a different tact . In 2011 , it set a policy that homework could not count for more than 10 % of a student 's grade . The decision caused such an outrage that a 15-member panel was formed and subsequently changed the policy so that homework accounted for 20 % of a student 's grade . This kind of intense debate about homework has a long history . For example , in the 1920s , some physicians were concerned about the impact of homework on children 's health . They argued that children need between six to seven hours a day of fresh air and sunshine . In the 1930s , editor Edward Bok of the Ladies Home Journal also called for an end to the practice . For the rest of the 20th century , different research reports were used to support or dismiss the practice , yet it persists despite the lack of clarity on its educational value . What is clear is that parents and kids do n't live in the world of academic research ; they live in the real world where there are piles of homework on the kitchen table . The experience of homework is very different depending on which side of the economic divide you sit . The unequal distribution of educational resources means that some students go home to nannies , well-stocked home libraries , tutors , well-educated parents and high-speed Internet . Others students go home to caring for siblings in crowded apartments and often-absent parents who barely make ends meet . The issue of inequality was a main reason that the French President proposed banning homework . What about parents ' educational hopes for their kids ? Homework forces families to follow the state 's educational agenda . Most parents are willing to turn their kids over to the state for the seven to nine hours of the school day for educational enrichment . But then they want to build a rich family life with their kids , and homework can interfere with that . For example , if parents want their children to be actively engaged with grandparents or church activities in the evening , those things would compete with homework time . Who controls a child 's time has tremendous implications for the debate on homework . Should children be in school nine hours only to come home to two hours of homework ? Could the intense pressure on children to achieve academically have negative health impacts down the road , in addition to the increased childhood obesity we are seeing ? When schools ratchet up the pressure for higher academic achievement , one of the first things to go is recess even as homework is piled on . While scholars debate the value of homework -- and pundits , politicians and educators call for increased educational choices , greater standardization and accountability for schools -- many parents and students feel overwhelmed . The pressure of longer school days and more homework do n't help matters . Parents who want to connect personally in meaningful ways with their children after a long day at their job would do well to remember that they have a right to family time uninterrupted by homework . They would do well to listen to what their kids have to say about the impact of homework on their lives . Too much homework may not be a good thing , especially for younger children . For families interested in clearing the kitchen table they can find support and advice from the growing Healthy Homework movement . At the end of the day , it 's about how one wants to balance work , family , educational goals and happiness .	An elementary school in Quebec banned homework for kids in grade one through six Etta Kralovec : Attempts to ban homework are n't new ; the issue has been debated for decades She says some experts are concerned that homework can negatively affect kids ' health Kralovec : Homework could take time away from other activities like family engagement
CNN  -- The last space shuttle to grace the skies , Endeavour , ended two decades of glorious flights Friday , wowing onlookers as it descended onto a runway at Los Angeles International Airport atop a modified Boeing 747 jet at 12:51 p.m. PT . A crowd 5,000-strong , according to the Los Angeles County office of emergency management , gathered on a bluff overlooking the airport to watch Endeavour 's low-altitude flyover and final touchdown . Daniela Derderian brought her son Michael , 7 , and her daughter , Angela , 5 , to the landing . "  It 's a piece of history . It 's the closing of an era , " she said . "  I remember when the Columbia exploded . This is like the end of an era of man traveling in space , especially with Neil Armstrong just dying . " Endeavour , ferried by jet , lifted off for the last time at 8:17 a.m. PT on Friday , leaving Edwards Air Force Base , California , for a farewell tour through the Golden State 's skies over Sacramento , San Francisco , and Los Angeles . NASA had delayed Friday 's takeoff by an hour hoping to reach San Francisco under clearer skies , according to the space agency 's website . It was the final leg of a three-day , three-stage cross-country trip that NASA designed to show off Endeavour in the sky to the American public . The space agency encouraged onlookers to share their sightings of the airborne spectacle on social media via the hashtags #spottheshuttle and #OV105 , the later being Endeavour 's "  vehicle designation . " Endeavour will need to be removed from its perch atop the Boeing 747 that carried it cross-country from Florida 's Kennedy Space Center . Its final destination is the California Science Center in Los Angeles , where it will go on display for posterity . Endeavour , along with Discovery , Enterprise and Atlantis , became a museum piece after NASA ended its 30-year shuttle program in July 2011 . All four shuttles have been permanently retired from service . NASA said Endeavour will be moved via roads on October 12-13 to its final spot at the science museum . On Thursday , it flew low over Tucson , Arizona , where Mark Kelly , who was the commander on the last Endeavour mission , watched with his wife , former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords , before touching down at Edwards Air Force Base in California . "  The space shuttle is really a testament to American engineering and ingenuity , " he told CNN affiliate KOLD . "  It is the most amazing spacecraft ever built , by far . " His wife had watched the launch of his mission but missed the landing , so it was great for her to see the shuttle in the air , he added . Two other shuttles -- Challenger and Columbia -- were destroyed in accidents that killed all aboard . Challenger exploded shortly after launch in 1986 , and Columbia broke apart upon re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere in 2003 . Watch : Trees removed to make way for Endeavour Endeavour 's three-day piggyback flight was divided into three legs that could be described as scenic routes to showcase the shuttle to the public from coast to coast . Wednesday 's leg took Endeavour to Houston , with flyovers along Florida 's Space Coast , Stennis Space Center in Mississippi and the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans . As Endeavour bid farewell to Kennedy Space Center , it elicited strong emotions from people -- such as CNN iReporter Randy Lathrop of Cocoa , Florida -- who have lived with the shuttle program nearby for decades . "  It 's the last time that she 'll ever be at her home base again . It strikes a chord of nostalgia in you because she 's done so many flights from the space center . This is her home , " Lathrop said . A short history of Endeavour Named for the first ship commanded by British explorer James Cook , Endeavour rolled out of an assembly plant in Palmdale , California , in 1991 at a cost of $ 1.7 billion . It was the baby of the shuttle fleet , built as a replacement for Challenger . Over the next 20 years , Endeavour flew some of the most high-profile shuttle missions , covering 25 flights and nearly 123 million miles . It flew a Spacelab mission and numerous International Space Station assembly missions and rendezvoused with Russia 's Mir Space Station . Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog CNN 's Miguel Marquez contributed to this report	NEW : Space Shuttle Endeavour has landed at Los Angeles Int ' l Airport NEW : It 's the fourth and final shuttle to be retired The final space shuttle to take to the skies lifted off for the final time Friday morning The retired shuttle is headed toward a museum in Los Angeles
The news that a Spanish woman has contracted the Ebola virus has raised questions about what went wrong in the treatment of two patients evacuated from West Africa to Madrid , allowing the potentially deadly disease to spread from person-to-person outside Africa for the first time in this outbreak . How did the patient contract Ebola ? The woman is a nursing assistant at the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid ; it is thought she was exposed to the virus while trying to help one of the two Spanish people flown there for treatment after they contracted Ebola in West Africa . Spanish health authorities insist all health protocols and procedures were followed in the care of missionaries Manuel Garcia Viejo , who became sick while working in Sierra Leone , and Miguel Pajares , who was taken ill in Liberia . Both men eventually died of the disease . An investigation is under way into how the woman , who is in her 40s and married , was infected . It is thought there was no obvious problem , such as a torn glove , which would have raised the alarm ; concerns only emerged when she became ill on September 30 , four days after the death of the second patient . Dr. William Schaffner , from the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , said the woman 's infection was likely due to "  gaps in the safety protocol , the infection control precautions " at the hospital . "  Healthcare workers are at really great risk when they take care of patients with Ebola , and we anticipate that from time to time there may be one or perhaps even a few cases of transmission from patients with Ebola , during healthcare , to their healthcare providers , " Schaffner told CNN . However , some Spanish unions are blaming the government , saying they warned that personal protective equipment used by the medical team did not meet the highest standard ; authorities say proper procedures were followed . Epidemiologist Professor David Heymann , who worked on the world 's first Ebola outbreak and now heads Public Health England , said the precise cause of the infection may never be known . "  The barrier was let down somehow , " he said . "  It could be something as simple as a defect in a rubber glove , or a momentary lapse , or it could be something major that the nurse does not want to report . These things do happen ; it 's not clear and may never be . " How can hospitals protect medical staff from Ebola ? The Ebola virus is transmitted by contact with the body fluids of an infected person , so hospitals must take steps to ensure their workers are protected from them . "  There are protocols that if you follow carefully , you diminish greatly the likelihood that you 're going to get infected , " explained immunologist Dr. Anthony Fauci , of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  recommend that medical personnel treating those with Ebola wear protective clothing including gloves , an impermeable gown and eye protection . It says extra precautions should be taken when the patient 's condition means they are likely to come into contact with "  copious amounts of blood , body fluids , vomit or feces . " Fauci says that to keep medical staff safe "  it 's more than just goggles and gloves . It 's a hood , it 's a gown , it 's a rubber apron , it 's coverings for your shoes . It 's everything that can keep a splash of body fluid away from you . " And he says that as well as having the right equipment , workers must know how to use it effectively , and to dispose of it properly . "  It 's important to wear it , but it 's important also that when you take it off , you take it off properly , " he insists . "  It is conceivable that you could be protected while you 're doing everything you need to do with the patient and then as you remove the protective material that could be a point of vulnerability . " Is the hospital equipped to handle Ebola cases ? The medical facility where the nurse 's assistant worked , Madrid 's Carlos III , is a specialist hospital for infectious diseases . In addition to Spain , patients suffering from Ebola have been evacuated to Germany  two  , France  one  , the UK  one  and Norway  one  ; this is the first time a medical worker treating one of them has been infected . "  The hospitals where the patients are being taken are supposed to be equipped and ready to deal with Ebola patients , " European Commission spokesman Frederic Vincent told CNN . All members of the medical team which treated Garcia Viejo are now under observation , as are the woman 's husband and the ambulance crew which took her to hospital . READ MORE : Scientists race to develop Ebola drugs Is Ebola likely to spread in Europe ? Following news of their colleague 's illness , medical staff in Spain have taken to the streets complaining at the way the government has handled the Ebola cases . "  We were kind of expecting this , " said Paloma , a nursing assistant at Madrid 's La Paz Hospital . "  At least I was expecting it , because this is not a game to be played in the way that they 've done it . It 's a very worrying matter , and they have not handled it correctly . " Some argue that the two missionaries were so ill they should not have been brought to Spain for treatment , exposing many others to the disease . But experts insist the risk of an Ebola outbreak outside Africa are still very slim . "  If protocols are being followed , it 's highly unlikely that an outbreak could happen in the EU , " said Vincent . "  But zero risk does n't exist , particularly in a hospital where staff are dealing with sick people . "  We need to find out as soon as possible what happened and if we need to revise procedures . " READ MORE : How the Ebola virus spreads What lessons can be learned from the Spanish case ? Experts say the news from Madrid should act as a wake-up call to healthcare authorities around the world of the risks their frontline staff face , of the precautions that need to be taken when dealing with Ebola , and of the need for everyone to be prepared . "  If you 're running a hospital or if you 're a public health administrator in a big city , you should definitely be concerned by this , " said Dr. Alexander van Tulleken of Fordham University in New York . "  This should be a disease you can prevent by really rigorously adhering to protocols , and what we 're seeing -LSB- with this case -RSB- is that even if teams notionally know what they 're doing -- there 's a protocol in the drawer , they 've ordered the right kind of suits - that people have to be really well-versed in putting them on , in taking them off , in practicing . "  This is about drill , practice and preparedness , " he said . "  Every hospital everywhere needs to be aware that this could come to them , " insisted Professor Heymann . "  They need protocols in place , and they need to be ready to deal with it . " READ MORE : Spanish nurse infected with Ebola virus	Spanish nursing assistant contracts Ebola after treating seriously ill missionary in Madrid Dozens of hospital staff are now being monitored for signs of the potentially deadly virus Experts say Ebola can be contained by strict safety protocols and procedures Wake-up call for medics : "  Every hospital everywhere needs to be aware this could come to them "
CNN  -- "  It 's not fair ! " As advertisers quit the Rush Limbaugh radio program -- and as Republican politicians squirm uncomfortably -- the broadcaster 's fans are complaining about double standards . Yes , they 'll concede , maybe Limbaugh went too far in denouncing a female law student as a "  slut " and a "  prostitute " and then demanding that she post a sex tape online for him to view . But look  they continue  at all the liberal/lefty broadcasters who have also said obnoxious things ! No one calls Democratic politicians to account for them . Why us ? It 's a question that will be aired often in the week ahead . Here 's the answer , in four points . Point 1 : Even by the rough standards of cable/talk radio/digital talk , Limbaugh 's verbal abuse of Sandra Fluke set a new kind of low . I ca n't recall anything as brutal , ugly and deliberate ever being said by such a prominent person and so emphatically repeated . This was not a case of a bad "  word choice . " It was a brutally sexualized accusation , against a specific person , prolonged over three days . Point 2 : The cases that conservatives cite as somehow equivalent to Limbaugh 's tirade against Fluke by and large did bring consequences for their authors . After David Letterman for example made an ugly joke about Sarah Palin 's daughter , he delivered an abject seven-minute apology on air .  To which Palin responded by refusing the apology and insinuating that David Letterman was a child molester . When liberal talker Ed Schultz nastily called my dear friend Laura Ingraham a "  slut " on his radio show , MSNBC responded by suspending Schultz for a week without pay from his TV show . Schultz likewise apologized in person on air .  Ingraham accepted the apology with grace and humor . The exception to the general rule is Bill Maher , who never apologized for calling Palin by a demeaning sexual epithet . But now see point 3 : Point 3 : Limbaugh 's place in American public life is in no way comparable to that of David Letterman , Bill Maher or Ed Schultz . Letterman is not a political figure at all ; and while Maher and Schultz strongly identify as liberals , neither qualifies as anything like a powerbroker in the Democratic Party . I 'm sure the Barack Obama re-election effort is happy to have Maher 's million-dollar gift , but I sincerely doubt there is a Democratic congressman who worries much whether Maher criticizes him . A word of criticism from Limbaugh , by contrast , will reduce almost any member of the Republican caucus to abject groveling . See , for example : GINGREY , PHIL . Among TV and radio talkers and entertainers , there is none who commands anything like the deference that Limbaugh commands from Republicans : not Rachel Maddow , not Jon Stewart , not Michael Moore , not Keith Olbermann at his zenith . Democratic politicians may wish for favorable comment from their talkers , but they are not terrified of negative comment from them in the way that Republican politicians live in fear of a negative word from Limbaugh . The ultimate test came in 2002 , the vote to authorize force against Iraq . Almost every liberal talker opposed that vote . Hillary Clinton , with her eye on a presidential run in 2008 , voted in favor . That is why no one asks Democratic politicians to repudiate the latest strident statement from an Olbermann or a Moore . There 's no sport in it . It 's too easy for them to say , "  Sure . " For Republicans , it 's tough . But maybe , after this latest outburst , a little less tough ? TIME.com : Erica Christakis on why men are the missing element in the contraception debate Point 4 : Most fundamentally , why the impulse to counter one outrageous stunt by rummaging through the archives in search of some supposedly offsetting outrageous stunt ? Why not respond to an indecent act on its own terms , and then -- if there 's another indecency later -- react to that too , and on its own terms ? Instead , public life is reduced to a revenge drama . Each offense is condoned by reference to some previous offense by some undefined "  them " who supposedly once did something even worse , or anyway nearly as bad , at some point in the past . But this latest Limbaugh outburst is so "  piggish , " to borrow a word from Peggy Noonan , as to overwhelm the revenge drama .  On Saturday , Limbaugh apologized "  for the insulting word choices . " It is the bottom of the barrel of shock talk . And the good news is that from the bottom of the barrel , there is nowhere to go but up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Limbaugh 's backers assert liberal talkers also guilty of outrageous statements He says the hunt for equally offensive comments is a waste of time Frum : No one on the left holds the power broker position Rush Limbaugh has on the right Even by the standards of radio talk , Limbaugh 's tirade was a new low , Frum says
CNN  -- A conference of Islamic prosecutors in Iran worked Wednesday to draft an indictment against Israeli leaders , accusing them of crimes against humanity and war crimes in Gaza . Palestinian women walk past a building destroyed during Israel 's campaign in Gaza . The charges stem from Israel 's late-December offensive into Gaza against Hamas militants . The Israeli military has been accused of using excessive and indiscriminate force in civilian areas . Israel is "  a regime that only understands the language of violence and force , " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said at the gathering , in calling for the prosecution of Israeli "  criminals . " "  I am confident that there will come a day when all Zionist criminals will be brought to justice , " he said on the second day of the conference in Tehran , the capital of Iran . The Iranian president regularly rails against Israel and has called for the Jewish state 's elimination . Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry , said : "  The day when this conference will start dealing with human rights in the countries that are members of this organization will be the day that their claims concerning Israel will be deserved to be heard , not before . People who live in glass houses should n't throw stones , let alone commit suicide bombings . " "  The accusations themselves are nothing more than the hysterical , hostile coverage of the media in these countries and not based on solid facts , " he continued . Human Rights Watch , in a report released last month , said there was evidence that Israel committed war crimes in Gaza by firing white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas . Israel has rejected that claim . Israel also has said that the offensive was to defend against repeated rocket attacks by Palestinians . The Israel Defense Forces said on Wednesday its forces "  operated in accordance with international law " during recent fighting in Gaza , but said there were a few incidents in which "  intelligence or operational errors " occurred . This is the conclusion of probes that emerged from Operation Cast Lead , in which Israel was broadly criticized for its actions in Gaza . Phosphorus shells can be used to create a smokescreen for troops . In creating the diversion , the element ignites when exposed to oxygen and can cause severe burns . The Israeli offensive was launched December 27 and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children , a U.N. report recently said . Thirteen Israelis died -- three civilians and six soldiers were killed by Hamas , and four soldiers were killed by friendly fire -- the report said . A spokesman for the Israeli prime minister called the U.N. report an example of the "  one-sided and unfair " attitude of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which had requested it . The two days of meetings in the Iranian capital have included more than 200 senior judicial officials from the Organization of the Islamic Conference -- an association of 56 states . The organization might ask the U.N. International Court of Justice to charge Israeli leaders with crimes against humanity and war crimes in Gaza . The court would not be obligated to act .	Islamic prosecutors draft indictment against Israeli leaders over Gaza offensive Iranian President Ahmadinejad says "  Zionist criminals " should face justice Human Rights Watch says evidence Israel committed war crimes Israeli spokesman says claims are "  hysterical , hostile ... not based on solid facts
Hong Kong  CNN  -- An elderly woman infected with a strain of avian flu that is rarely seen in humans died in China earlier this month -- marking the first human fatality from the H10N8 virus . The 73-year-old woman in Jiangxi province was admitted to a hospital on November 30 , suffering from several ailments including severe pneumonia , hypertension , heart disease and a muscular weakness condition . She died on December 6 . The woman had a history of contact with live poultry markets , and had visited a live bird market four days before the onset of her illness , according to the World Health Organization . "  According to expert analysis , initial assessments consider the death as an individual case , and risk of human infection is low , " a release from China 's National Health and Family Planning Commission stated . People who are elderly or immune-compromised , like the patient , are more susceptible to the serious outcomes from flu . The people who had been around the woman were in normal health , according to Chinese health authorities . Dr. Leo Poon , associate professor of public health at the University of Hong Kong said he was not really concerned with a possible spread of H10N8 . "  I think this is an outlier , " he said . This is not the first human case of the H10 subtype , as the virus has jumped from birds to humans before , according to the scientific literature . In 2010 , two Australians workers processing abattoir tested positive for a subtype of H10 infection , but their cases were considered mild . The H10N8 avian flu virus has been detected in live bird markets in Guangdong Province in China as well as the Dongting Lake wetland , according to previous scientific reports . Poon said the H7N9 virus , with over 100 confirmed cases in China and two in Hong Kong , is "  far more serious . " That virus , first reported in China in March 2013 , is believed to result from exposure to infected poultry . The scope of the disease remains unknown , but has raised concern because most patients with H7N9 have been severely ill and 45 have died . According to the World Health Organization , there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission of H7N9 . Health authorities recommend washing hands , covering nose and mouth when coughing and sneezing . Hong Kong health authorities warned travelers against visiting live poultry markets and to avoid direct contact with poultry , birds and their droppings . CNN 's Keng Fe in Beijing and journalist Naomi Ng contributed to this article .	A 73-year-old woman , confirmed to have H10N8 avian flu virus , died Woman was from China and suffered several underlying diseases Chinese health authorities : Risk of human infection is low H7N9 outbreak said to pose greater risk to public health
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- This month , CNN 's Inside the Middle East explores some of the Middle East 's archeological treasures . Steeped in history , the Middle East has more than its fair share of ancient treasures and UNESCO World Heritage sites . From Petra , the red-hued city carved into the rock of southern Jordan 's dramatic desert to the old walled city of Shibam in Yemen and the beautifully preserved Roman ruins of Baalbek in Lebanon , Inside the Middle East chooses 10 of the region 's must-visit historical sites . Baalbek , Lebanon Known as the "  City of the Sun , " Baalbek in the Lebanon 's fertile Bekaa Valley is among the best - preserved Roman ruins in the Middle East . Built on a magnificent scale that rivaled even ancient Rome , pilgrims from across the empire flocked here to worship . Today , Baalbek hosts an annual arts festival making it a major cultural hub as well . Persepolis , Iran Located some 70 kilometers from the modern city of Shiraz , the once mighty city of Persepolis was the capital of the Persian Empire . Founded in the 6th century B.C. , Persepolis was a complex of elaborate palaces built by Darius the Great , a king of the First Persian Empire . Centuries later , although a shadow of its former glory , the site 's monumental stairways and the stone terrace survive . Shibam , Yemen Famed for its distinctive architecture , the 16th century walled city of Shibam in Yemen is often called the "  Manhattan of the desert " for its impressive tower-like structures . The city grew up because of its location as an important caravan halt on the spice and incense route across the Southern Arabian plateau . Old Jerusalem A holy place for Judaism , Christianity and Islam , Old Jerusalem has long held great significance . Reflecting this , the winding streets inside the ancient walled city are divided into the Jewish , Christian , Muslim and Armenian quarters . Among Old Jerusalem 's many holy sites , the Dome of the Rock is probably the most recognizable : Dating back to the 7th century , it is recognized by all three religions as the site of Abraham 's sacrifice . Karnak , Egypt Karank near Luxor is a great religious temple complex full of sanctuaries , kiosks , pylons , obelisks and , notably , the Great Temple of Amun . Much of the complex is dedicated to Amun , a major god in Egyptian mythology . Karnak is the site 's modern name , its ancient name was Ipet-isut or "  The most select  or sacred  of places . " Crac des Chevaliers , Syria This crusader castle in Homs dates back to the 11th century and was first inhabited by Kurds , giving it its other name Hisn al Akrad or "  Castle of the Kurds . " It was rebuilt and occupied by the crusaders until 1270 and is now a UNESCO world heritage site . Mada'in Saleh , Saudi Arabia This pre-Islamic archaeological site is the first UNESCO world heritage site in Saudi Arabia . The majority of the Mada'in Saleh site is a vestige of the mysterious Nabatean civilization which existed around over 1,000 years ago . The site is the kingdom 's largest and southernmost settlement after Petra , its capital , situated some 500 kilometers to the north in Jordan . Troy , Turkey First occupied by humans in the Bronze Age , Troy is one of the most famous ancient sites in the world . It is the site of the siege of Troy by the Spartan and Achaean warriors from Greece in the 13th or 12th century B.C. -- an event immortalized by Homer in the Iliad . Carthage , Tunisia Carthage was founded by the Phoenicians in the 9th century B.C on the Gulf of Tunis and because of its strategic location developed into a great trading empire covering much of the Mediterranean . Carthage was destroyed by the Romans in 146 B.C. in the Punic wars . A new Carthage was then rebuilt on Roman designs on the ruins of the first . Babylon , Iraq A center of ancient Mesopotamia , Babylon 's Hanging Gardens were a wonder of the ancient world . Babylon was most prominent during the reign of Nebuchadnezzar II  605-563 B.C.  and today its ruins , situated 85 kilometers from Baghdad , serve as a reminder of Iraq 's rich ancient history .	This month on Inside the Middle East , CNN explores some of the region 's archeological treasures Inside the Middle East chooses 10 of the region 's must-visit historical sites Locations include the Roman ruins of Baalbek , the great temple at Karnak and the once-lost city of Troy
CNN  -- For most designers showing off their latest collections at New York 's Fashion Week , functionality is n't a main consideration . Models have been known to strut the catwalk in toppling hats , teetering heels and floor-length gowns with enough ruffled trim to sweep an auditorium . But not everyone 's focused on runway looks 365 days a year . Hot Fashion Week commodities Prabal Gurung and Sophie Theallet are also creating uniforms for working people . This April , Sephora 's beauty advisers in North America will begin wearing uniforms designed by Gurung exclusively for the cosmetics retailer . Women can choose between a black shift dress with a red slit and a black fitted pant suit . Men get sleek black separates that also incorporate slashes of red . Female staff at the Rose Bar in New York 's Gramercy Park Hotel are already donning Theallet 's drape dresses in spill-proof silk as part of an overall refresh of the hotel 's interiors . Complete coverage : New York Fashion Week The looks are the latest in a long line of collaborations that goes back at least as far as the 1960s , when airlines eagerly sought out high-end designers to give their flight staff a touch of class to set them apart . Halston and Pucci designed uniforms for Braniff Airlines in the 1960s and 1970s ; Air France tapped Dior and Nina Ricci in the 1980s . The trend was popularized among bigger corporations in the 1970s with the help of Stan Herman , who was president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America for 16 years and is a pioneer of the ready-to-wear category . As the designer behind uniforms for FedEx , JetBlue , United Airlines , TWA and McDonald 's , his creations are believed to cover more bodies than those of any other single designer . "  The most important thing is likeability , " Herman said . "  If a corporation walks around in a uniform they do n't like , they become a grumpy corporation . " A stylish outfit also helps build a brand and incorporate the staff into the design motif of their workplace . "  Art , fashion and music are all important components which shape our culture here at the Gramercy Park Hotel , " said Damion Luaiye , the hotel 's creative director . "  In building these relationships , we strive to create a place where we can work together to add a new , interesting element for our guests , whether it be new dresses for our female staff , artwork for our lobby and Rose Bar . " This marks the hotel 's second uniform collaboration with a high-end designer , after a successful relationship with Narciso Rodriguez . The designer also benefits from experiencing a new kind of challenge , said Cindi Leive , editor-in-chief of Glamour . "  I think designers like the uniform challenge because it 's exactly that , it 's a challenge . To work within certain parameters , it 's almost like a reality competition : ` Let me see how I can take these constraints and make them look fantastic . ' " CNN 's Ethel Bass and Alina Cho contributed to this report .	Designers Prabal Gurung and Sophie Theallet create uniforms for the working class Sephora 's N. American beauty advisers will start wearing Gurung 's creations in April A stylish uniform helps burnish brand , incorporate staff into workplace design motif
CNN  -- While others will sharply disagree , I believe John Brennan deserves a national salute for his press conference yesterday about the CIA . At a time when we are tearing ourselves apart over one controversy after another , he provided a model of a calm , adult leader trying to put the country first . No doubt there will be counterattacks trying to blow holes in his story . Maybe there are some . But we sorely needed someone to come forth with views that are more balanced and impartial than a tragically one-sided report released this week by the Senate Intelligence Committee . There were half a dozen aspects of the Brennan press conference that were welcome : For starters , he placed the interrogation program into a context that too many are forgetting . As Brennan pointed out , the attacks that morning of 9/11 terrified the country and we quickly looked to the CIA to track down those responsible and ensure they never attacked us again . We did n't want those agents -- as the phrase goes -- to bring a baguette to a knife fight ; both the White House and Congress wanted them to do whatever it took . Brennan also made clear that the CIA  he served as deputy director under President George W. Bush  was not prepared to run a detention and interrogation program -- who would have thought they needed one ? They put it together quickly , but -- as Brennan readily conceded -- some agents then went far beyond the rules , employing brutal interrogation techniques . He should also have conceded that was torture . What has been missing in much of the hyperventilation over the Senate report is that the number of people water boarded was actually tiny : three says Brennan , though the Senate Committee insists the number is slightly higher . With numbers that small , it is far more believable that most agents -- as Brennan said -- acted within the rules . Is this any basis for treating the CIA like a brutal , rogue operation ? In law school , one of the first lessons learned is how important distinctions are . Brennan made a crucial one : the difference between causation and correlation . The agency , he says , gained valuable intelligence -- such as leads on bin Laden -- from prisoners who had undergone enhanced interrogation techniques  "  EITs " in the trade  . BUT it is unclear whether they might have given that same information had they not been treated to EITs . The latter , he kept insisting , is "  unknowable . " In other words , he does not think that harsh techniques necessarily caused detainees to open up . Yet it is also clear from his version of events that interrogators saw a correlation : Valuable leads could often come after harsh techniques . This correlation makes it easier to understand why Bush officials would want to continue the EITs , and why so many CIA directors and deputy directors defend the program . This is a distinction that is thus very , very important . To be fair , Committee Chair Dianne Feinstein insists that much of the information given up by detainees was obtained before they were subjected to EITs . This disagreement between her and Brennan is one of several that need further scrutiny . But Brennan 's version of events lends credence to the notion that neither the agency nor the Bush administration was acting as criminally as their critics charge . On one side , we now have a stinging indictment of the CIA drawn up by committee staff members all hired by Democrats . Only Democratic members of the Committee approved their report . Their report was drawn up based upon millions of documents , but not a single interview with CIA agents . On the other side , we have a well-laid out defense coming from John Brennan , who worked in the White House under Bill Clinton and was so trusted by another Democrat , Barack Obama , that he was appointed to run one of the most sensitive organizations in government , the CIA . This same man admits that the CIA made many mistakes , that the interrogation program was deeply flawed , and that it was properly stopped -- but he insists that overall , CIA agents deserve respect for bravely putting their lives on the line for the country -- some 20 have died -- and very importantly , for helping to prevent a new 9/11 . Given this background , is n't John Brennan at least as credible as the Committee , if not more so ? Are n't his views more balanced -- and thus deserving of respect ? Should n't his views help us to moderate the red hot coverage in the press and the monotonous partisan attacks among politicians ? I think so . One more thing : Brennan asked us to keep things in perspective . We need to do that -- to remember what makes us Americans . No other country to my knowledge has been so transparent about its paramilitary techniques in the midst of a dangerous war . Indeed , we all know what the terrorists would have done had they captured a bunch of Americans : They would have butchered every last one . Good for John Brennan , he 's helping us think clearly again .	David Gergen : CIA chief is talking sense about the CIA interrogation program Gergen says John Brennan puts it in perspective , explains its origins and abuses He says Brennan is providing more balanced view than partisan Senate committee report
Bakersfield , California  CNN  -- When Vincent Barrett died alone in July at age 72 , the coroner 's office could not find any next of kin . Similarly , Ronald Axtell was listed as indigent -- no survivors and no funds for a funeral -- when he died at age 69 . And yet a small army of men and women gathered to pay their respects to the two men , both Air Force veterans , as they were buried at Bakersfield National Cemetery in September . Marsha Dickey , who works in the Kern County coroner 's office , was instrumental in making sure the men got the honors they deserved . "  She worked very hard to see that they were veterans ... and without that ... we probably would not be here today to honor them , " said Lynn Sprayberry , founder and chairwoman of Friends of Fallen Heroes , a local organization that makes sure veterans receive a respectful service at Bakersfield National Cemetery . The coroner 's office also discovered that Barrett , a former staff sergeant , had been awarded the Purple Heart for wounds received in Korea . Axtell was a former airman second class . "  Without -LSB- Dickey 's -RSB- persistence , these two individuals would be placed in a county-owned site , " said Wesley Jones , director of the Bakersfield National Cemetery . "  Nobody would have known . ... Nobody would have any concept of who these individuals were . " Leon Thomas , who served in the U.S. Army in Korea in 1951 and was awarded the Purple Heart and a Bronze Star medal for bravery , helped spread the word about the double funeral . "  The folks at the coroner 's office are patriotic Americans , " Thomas said . "  We got on the phone and on the Internet and invited our friends . " News of the funeral even made the local paper . "  I really did n't know there would be this many people to come out , " Sprayberry said . And come they did , civilians and veterans . An awning built to shade mourners from the hot San Joaquin Valley sun was not big enough to cover everyone . A few brought umbrellas for shade . Many held American flags , some small and some very large and carried on poles . Some brought flowers ; one vet held a few yellow roses ; another left a bouquet of red , white and blue flowers with a simple message printed on a white ribbon : "  Thank you . " When the honor guard approached with Barrett 's flag-draped casket , civilians put their hands over their hearts . The veterans -- some wearing motorcycle leather and bandanas , some sport shirts and slacks , others donning the suit jackets and pea caps favored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars -- stood at attention and snapped crisp salutes . They saluted again when the honor guard fired three volleys of seven shots and when the lone bugler played taps . As the guard tightly folded the flag that draped Barrett 's casket , a woman in her 20s took cell phone video with one hand and wiped tears with the other . Barrett 's ceremony was brief , not much longer than 10 minutes . Axtell 's ceremony started shortly after , his ashes carried by the honor guard in a small wooden box . It lasted about as long as the first , with the same volley of shots , taps and salutes . The sergeant of the guard gave Barrett 's folded flag to Sprayberry . Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood , who also serves as the county coroner , received Axtell 's flag . In the minutes between services , cemetery director Jones asked the crowd whether there were "  any family representatives here for Mr. Axtell ? " No one came forward . "  There were 125 , give or take , people here who had no idea who ... Barrett or Axtell were , " Jones said . "  They did n't know if they were African-American , Hispanic , Caucasian . They did n't even know they were in the Air Force . But they were here . " "  They 're patriotic Americans , and they showed up , " Thomas added . "  I knew their names and their rank , and that 's all I knew , " Sprayberry said . "  And yet , I was here , and I was very proud to be here , and spend a little time saying goodbye . ... Nobody deserves to be laid to rest alone , especially for fighting for their country , and ... they deserve the respect . " Bakersfield National Cemetery is far different than any county facility where the indigent would be interred . In the arid foothills of California , their upright headstones will stand in a field of decomposed granite instead of grass , joining about 250 others in an orderly formation . The granite is raked daily , giving the new cemetery a Zen garden look amid the rolling hills and century-old oak trees . Axtell and Barrett 's cases should not be unusual , Jones said . "  They 're veterans . And because they are veterans , they 're entitled to be here , and we honor them the very best way we can . " "  I think we 're going to see more ... people identified as veterans from the ranks of the indigent , " Thomas said . "  They should be honored in a fitting way , like we honored these two today . " Between Barrett and Axtell 's services , Youngblood addressed the crowd : "  Because you may be indigent , it does n't make you inconsequential . They served our country , and you 're paying them a great tribute by being here . "	Two Air Force veterans died in California without any next of kin Local coroner 's official helped make sure the men got military burials Without her efforts , they would have been interred in a county-owned facility Small army of men and women turned out to pay their respects
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Attorneys supporting the voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage in California filed a notice of appeal in the case Thursday , one day after a federal judge ruled that the measure is unconstitutional . However , Chief U.S District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco granted a temporary stay along with his ruling Wednesday , which stops his decision from taking immediate effect . "  Proposition 8 fails to advance any rational basis in singling out gay men and lesbians for denial of a marriage license . Indeed , the evidence shows Proposition 8 does nothing more than enshrine in the California Constitution the notion that opposite-sex couples are superior to same-sex couples , " Walker , who was appointed to the federal bench by former President Ronald Reagan , wrote in his opinion . Supporters of Proposition 8 argued , prior to Walker 's ruling , that same-sex marriages would be performed soon after his decision and could be complicated by rulings and appeals farther down the legal road . The judge 's decision striking down the ban handed supporters of gay rights a major victory in a case that both sides say is sure to wind up before the U.S. Supreme Court . The case will be appealed to the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . Paul Callan , a former New York prosecutor and criminal defense attorney , said he believes Walker 's decision is likely to be upheld there , saying the appeals court "  is a very liberal court which is favorable on these issues . " Walker 's 136-page decision does a good job in laying out a compelling case for the unconstitutionality of the proposition , Callan said . "  He 's looking ... to the appellate process , which is going all the way to the Supreme Court . " But , he said , the nation 's highest court typically handles big social questions like this one slowly , allowing state and lower federal courts to issue decisions . "  And they kind of let it percolate in the lower courts , " Callan said . Opponents of same-sex marriage have said their best bet lies with higher courts . "  The court 's disregard for the historical purposes of marriage would require California to embark on a novel experiment with the fundamental institution of marriage , " said Charles Cooper , lead counsel for Proposition 8 supporters , in a statement . He said Walker 's decision treats children as a "  mere afterthought when it comes to marriage ... And the court also found that there is no benefit whatsoever for a child to be raised by its own biological parents . "  Fortunately , the Constitution does not require the people to substitute the social science musings of gay rights activists for common sense , " Cooper said . "  This decision will not stand . " Callan said he does n't expect the Supreme Court to enter the fray immediately . "  I think it 's probably going to be another couple of years . A lot of cases will be decided by the lower courts , and then they 'll move in and make the big decision as to whether it 's legal or not , gay marriage , " he said . The proposition defines marriage as a union between a man and a woman . At stake in the trial was whether the ban violates same-sex couples ' rights to equal protection and due process , as protected by the U.S. Constitution . Same-sex marriage is currently legal in five U.S. states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire -- and in the District of Columbia , while civil unions are permitted in New Jersey . Walker pointed out in his ruling , "  race restrictions on marital partners were once common in most states but are now seen as archaic , shameful or even bizarre . Gender no longer forms an essential part of marriage ; marriage under law is a union of equals . " Elated supporters of same-sex marriage gathered to celebrate the judge 's opinion in the Castro district of San Francisco . After speeches and songs , they began a march to City Hall . People waved rainbow flags and U.S. flags , and carried signs that read , "  We all deserve the freedom to marry , " and "  Separate is Unequal . " Similar rallies unfolded in cities across California -- including Los Angeles and San Diego . "  For our entire lives , our government and the law have treated us as unequal . This decision to ensure that our constitutional rights are as protected as everyone else 's makes us incredibly proud of our country , " said Kristin Perry , a plaintiff in the case along with Sandy Stier . Jeffrey Zarrillo and Paul Katami are the other couple at the heart of the case . Many Americans , however , still oppose same-sex marriage . In a national survey , conducted by Gallup in May , 53 percent of respondents said such marriages should not be recognized by law , while 44 percent said they should . Proposition 8 is part of a long line of seesaw rulings , court cases , debates and protests over the controversial issue . It passed in California with some 52 percent of the vote in November 2008 . "  Big surprise ! We expected nothing different from Judge Vaughn Walker , after the biased way he conducted this trial , " said Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage . "  With a stroke of his pen , Judge Walker has overruled the votes and values of 7 million Californians who voted for marriage as one man and one woman . "	NEW : A notice of appeal has been filed in the case A California judge ruled the state 's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional The decision is a major victory for proponents of same-sex marriage The case is expected to ultimately land at the U.S. Supreme Court
New York  CNN  -- Among the political threats wielded by Donald Trump in his carnival barker quest for the presidency is that if denied the Republican nomination , he would run as an independent . As an independent myself , I usually cheer the prospect of any independent campaign . It shakes up the arrogant assumption that our elections are wholly owned subsidiaries of the two major parties and their respective special interests . But Trump has already burned his bridges with most independent voters by choosing to go full birther and pander to the far right wing of the GOP . It 's a shame because in his purely CEO persona , Trump could have mounted a semi-credible independent campaign . Look at what Ross Perot was able to accomplish with such an appeal nearly 20 years ago or what Mayor Michael Bloomberg has done in New York to date . An independent candidate running on a proven record of executive leadership , job creation and improving American competitiveness could be a serious presidential candidate this time around . Especially because a new Washington Post/ABC poll shows that 41 % of American voters now identify as independents . We are the plurality and provide the balance of power in any election . Independent voters tend to be closer to Republicans on economic issues and closer to Democrats on social issues . In other words , they are fiscally conservative but socially liberal . They hate hyper-partisanship and special-interest gridlock in Washington , and they have been deficit hawks since at least the days of Perot . It 's perhaps useful to remember that Perot campaigned primarily on reducing the deficit and the debt at a time when America was struggling to get out of a recession and many people thought that Japan was a rising power that would eclipse the United States . Now , many of those same conditions exist , with China taking the place of Japan in the "  Rise and Fall of Great Powers " narrative . But crucially , Perot was decidedly liberal-to-libertarian in his social beliefs . He was avowedly abortion rights and even back then supported gays in the military . The CEO candidate is usually liberated from social issue litmus tests by saying that what people do in their private lives does n't affect on-the-job performance . A guy such as Trump could embody the old libertarian line , "  I want the government out of the boardroom and the bedroom . " Many would cheer . But instead , Trump has done a 180-degree reversal on abortion  like Mitt Romney before him  in the hopes of winning the GOP nomination , because abortion-rights Republicans have become an endangered species despite the endurance of "  individual freedom " rhetoric .  We can get into how Barry Goldwater 's wife co-founded Arizona Planned Parenthood in the 1930s another time . Even worse , he made a strategic decision to pander to the outer reaches of American politics by embracing thoroughly discredited conspiracy theories to drum up support from the fringe . This has succeeded in the short run , compounded by his already high name recognition . But it will hurt both Trump and the GOP in the long run , while nuking any hope he had of appealing to independent voters . If Trump were to try and run as an independent , he could still win enough votes to poll in the low single digits of the popular vote , as Pat Buchanan did before him . But given his super-rich persona -- now added to his opportunistic endorsement of Obama Derangement Syndrome -- his votes would come entirely out of the Republican nominee 's hide , opening the door for President Obama 's re-election . In contrast , Perot 's independent campaign won 19 % of the popular vote in 1992 -- coming in second in terms of all-time independent presidential candidacies to Theodore Roosevelt 's Progressive Party presidential campaign in 1912 . They won votes from the vast vital center of the American electorate . Trump would not . Trump has debased himself and any ideas he had of a political career with the serial idiocies he 's articulated in this flirtation with a presidential campaign . Of course , there will be a cadre of political consultants who encourage him to run because they see dollar signs in their eyes , not because they are thinking of the good of the republic . This is predictable but pathetic . Independent voters are now the largest and fastest-growing segment of the electorate . At the end of the day , we decide which party will win control of Congress or which candidate will win the presidency . But a candidate who panders to the extremes and parades his own irresponsibility can not assume that he 'll win independent votes just because he slaps the independent label on a self-funded candidacy . A credible independent candidate needs to be a consistent advocate for the principled positions independent voters care about -- reducing the deficit and debt while combating hyper-partisanship . Trump made a decision to inflame polarization in the pursuit of self-promotion . As a result , he sacrificed his right to be taken seriously as well as any claims he had to represent independent voters credibly in the 2012 election . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John Avlon .	Donald Trump changed his party enrollment this week from GOP to unaffiliated In a column published in April , John Avlon explores Trump 's prospects as an independent candidate Avlon : Trump 's embrace of birther rhetoric would doom his appeal to most independent voters
CNN  A medical helicopter crashed into the parking lot of a St. Louis hospital , killing the pilot . The helicopter went down late Friday in the parking lot on the campus of St. Louis University Hospital , spokeswoman Laura Keller said . The St. Louis Fire Department said on Twitter that it responded to a helicopter accident and a subsequent fire that had been extinguished . Pictures from the scene showed charred smoky remains as authorities combed through the accident site . No patients , employees or hospital visitors were affected , Keller said . The St. Louis Fire Department confirmed the pilot was the only fatality . The pilot 's identity has not been released . No other information was immediately available . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating , according to the hospital spokeswoman .	The helicopter went down late Friday The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
CNN  -- Texas Rangers President Nolan Ryan is calling a Tuesday night incident in which a baseball fan fell about 30 feet from the second deck of Rangers Ballpark trying to catch a foul ball an unfortunate accident . "  It 's pretty hard to guard against something of that nature , " Ryan said at a Wednesday news conference . Some guard railings in the stadium had been raised after a 1994 incident in which a woman suffered multiple injuries after falling 35 feet from the upper deck while posing for a picture , according to a report published in the Star-Telegram on April 15 , 1994 . Ryan said safety policies in the stadium were reviewed after Tuesday 's incident and that the second-deck railings measure more than 30 inches high , above the standardized code of 26 inches . Ryan said the man who fell Tuesday night , Tyler Morris , was in good spirits when Ryan visited with him Wednesday at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth . Ryan said Morris , a firefighter with the Lake Cities Fire Department in Corinth , Texas , has fractures to the skull , foot and ankle , but has n't lost his enthusiasm for the team . "  I was expecting him to look a lot worse then he did . I think being a firefighter , and being in the shape he is , worked in his favor , " Ryan said . He said Morris has some recollection of what happened . "  He thought he was going to catch the ball , " said Ryan . "  He said it hit the tip of his finger . The next thing he knew he was falling . " Ryan said Morris remembered hitting the electronic message board at the stadium , but nothing after that . Ryan said he does n't believe Morris jumped to get the ball , but said he probably extended himself , or reached for it , before falling over the second-deck railing . Ryan also said he and other members of the Rangers organization brought Morris several autographed items when they visited him at the hospital , including the ball that he was trying to catch when he fell . "  He was as thrilled to get that as anything else we brought him , " Ryan said . "  He 's a die-hard Rangers fan , and grew up a Rangers fan . He was real appreciative that we came to visit him , " Ryan said . Wednesday morning , the Morris family issued a statement that said Morris is expected to make a full recovery , according to CNN affiliate KTVT/KTXA , Morris is lucky to be alive , according to an off-duty paramedic who was one of the first people to come to the man 's aid . "  The fall could have easily killed the guy , " Derek Dilday said . In an interview with HLN , Dilday said he rushed to the man 's aid after witnessing the entire incident . "  I turned to my left to watch the foul ball , and I saw this guy reach over the railing . Then I saw his feet go up , he tried to reach back for the railing , but he missed it . He hit the video-tron  electronic message board  , then fell the rest of the way like a rag doll . " "  It was the most shocking thing I had even seen , " he said . Dilday said he ran about 50 feet to get to the spot where Morris had fallen . "  He was laying in the aisle on his back . There was no external bleeding , which was a good thing . I held his head and tried to keep him still until the medics arrived . " Dilday said Morris was having difficulty breathing but was trying to move . "  He tried to move his neck , he tried to get up , I kept telling him , ` Stay still , stay still . ' " By the time medics arrived , Morris was able to say his name , Dilday said . "  He was able to move all his extremities and was responsive to the paramedics , " Rangers spokesman John Blake said . Morris fell on top of four other fans , causing minor injuries to them , said Ryan . "  One woman had a bruised knee , one man had a bruised shoulder , someone was hit by Morris 's shoe , " he said . "  They chose not to go to the hospital emergency room and were treated in the stadium 's first aid area , " Ryan said . All stayed for the remainder of the game , he said . The game between the Texas Rangers and Cleveland Indians was delayed for 16 minutes after the fall . The Rangers eventually won , 12-1 . CNN Sport 's Adam Anshell contributed to this report .	NEW : Rangers call ballpark incident involving a fan an unfortunate accident Tyler Morris , a firefighter , gets a hospital visit from Rangers President Nolan Ryan Morris fell 30 feet from the stadium 's second deck as he tried to catch a foul ball Four fans that he fell on were also hurt ; they were treated at the ballpark
CNN  -- A Ukrainian military plane with at least 49 passengers was shot down overnight Friday , a source said , making it the latest and likely one of the bloodiest single events in that nation 's current period of turmoil . The Ilyushin-76 military transport plane went down while approaching an airport in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk , a source with the Ukrainian Anti-Terror Operation of the Ukrainian military forces told CNN . It was not immediately clear how many of those aboard died or survived . The incident came hours after Ukraine 's Kiev-based government -- which is trying to regain control of the country 's restive south and east -- deemed successful an operation targeting pro-Russian separatists in the city of Mariupol . Anton Geraschenko , adviser to acting Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov , said more than 30 "  terrorists " had been detained and their base destroyed . Other separatists are hiding in homes and basements for safety , he said . Four Ukrainian soldiers were injured in the operation , he said . Residents of the southeastern port city may in the past have blocked Ukraine 's security forces , he said , but "  today , not one resident of Mariupol protected terrorists . " According to the Interior Ministry , the yellow-and-blue Ukrainian flag is flying once again over the main municipal building in Mariupol . The city has changed hands several times in the course of hostilities over the past several months . Meanwhile , three Russian tanks that Avakov claimed had crossed the border into Ukraine on Thursday , prompting a skirmish between Ukrainian and Russian forces , are now in the Donetsk region , Geraschenko said . He said Ukrainian intelligence indicated that the tanks ' drivers were Russian citizens . The Russian Foreign Ministry told the BBC on Thursday that the claim its tanks had crossed the border was "  another fake piece of information . " The United States also believes tanks and heavy weapons have crossed into Ukraine from Russia after moving from a deployment site in southwest Russia , a State Department spokeswoman said Friday . "  We also have information that Russia has accumulated multiple rocket launchers at this same deployment site ... and these rocket launchers also recently departed . Internet video has shown what we believe to be these same rocket launchers traveling through Luhansk , " said Marie Harf . Geraschenko urged the tank drivers to leave their vehicles , warning they would soon be "  destroyed from the air . " Video posted online appeared to show the tanks in the Donetsk area . CNN was not able independently to verify the footage . Rival claims According to Avakov , the tanks crossed the border at a checkpoint controlled by separatists in the Luhansk region of eastern Ukraine . Armored vehicles and artillery were part of the columns , the minister said Thursday , citing Ukrainian intelligence . Two of the tanks split off and were attacked by Ukrainian military forces , Avakov said . Part of that column was destroyed , he said . CNN has not independently confirmed the incidents . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March , when Russia annexed Crimea and massed troops along its border with Ukraine . Western leaders have accused Moscow of fomenting instability in eastern Ukraine . Russian leaders say Ukraine has failed to move to implement a framework for peace worked out in Geneva , Switzerland , in April . They say Ukrainian leaders have carried out a campaign of violence against people living in the largely pro-Russian east . On Thursday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin "  held a substantial and long phone conversation , " the Ukrainian President 's media office said . The leaders discussed Poroshenko 's peace plan to resolve the situation in the east of Ukraine , it said . Poroshenko has called on the rebels to lay down their arms and engage in talks . Also Thursday , Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's U.N. ambassador , said he would introduce a resolution on Ukraine at the U.N. Security Council in light of what he said was a deteriorating situation in the country . Churkin told reporters the resolution , to be introduced behind closed doors , would focus on stopping the violence in Ukraine and addressing political efforts through the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Based on Russia 's past vetoes of Western-backed Ukraine resolutions , its passage is thought unlikely . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Richard Roth and journalist Victoria Butenko , in Kiev , contributed to this report .	NEW : Source : An Ilyushin-76 military transport plane is shot down near Luhansk More than 30 separatists have been detained in Mariupol , says Interior Ministry official City 's residents are no longer blocking Ukrainian security forces , official says 3 Russian tanks cross border , go to Donetsk , he says ; Russia denies this claim to BBC
CNN  -- Sorority sisters . Roommates and a visiting friend . A college student shopping at a deli . These are the six people Elliot Rodger killed in a rampage Friday night near the University of California , Santa Barbara , police said . The violence came to an end when Rodger died , apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities said . By Monday , the names of all of Rodger 's victims had been made public . There has been a call across social media to keep their names in the headlines as much as his , to remember and honor them while interest continues in what might have motivated their killer . Who 's the man behind the rampage ? The violence began , police said , when Rodger attacked three men who were in his apartment . Cheng Yuan Hong , 20 , George Chen , 19 , and Weihan Wang , 20 , were found stabbed in the home , officials said . Hong and Chen are listed on the lease with Rodger . A law enforcement source said the third victim in the apartment was a visitor , adding that authorities are working on a theory that the attack happened as the men slept . Katherine Cooper , 22 , and Veronika Weiss , 19 , were later killed outside a sorority , and Christopher Martinez , 20 , was killed at a deli , officials said . They were students at UCSB , the school 's Chancellor Henry T. Yang said in an online note about the tragedy Sunday . Martinez 's father gave a wrenching statement to the news media Saturday afternoon . His son was "  a really great kid " whose "  death has left our family lost and broken , " Richard Martinez said . "  Our family has a message for every parent out there : You do n't think it will happen to your child until it does , " the visibly emotional parent said , his voice rising to a shout in obvious agony . "  Why did Chris die ? Chris died because of craven , irresponsible politicians and the  National Rifle Association  . They talk about gun rights -- what about Chris ' right to live ? " he continued . "  When will this insanity stop ? When will enough people say stop this madness , we do n't have to live like this ? Too many have died . We should say to ourselves -- not one more . " The comment touched a nerve among many Americans , and it prompted the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence to say the grieving father "  got it exactly right . " "  It is time for the American public to know the truth about why people are dying every day and , thanks to Americans like Mr. Martinez , that truth is starting to be heard , " Dan Gross said in a statement Sunday . Jeff Dolphin , Christopher Martinez 's former roommate , remembered how his friend had always been there for him , the Los Angeles Times reported . A second-year student at UCSB , Dolphin recalled living with Martinez during their freshman year , the newspaper said . "  Chris was just an amazing guy , " he told the Times . "  If I was going through something , he was always there for me . If I needed something , he was there . If I needed a textbook , if I was locked out of the room because I forgot my key , he would stop playing basketball or doing what he was doing to unlock the door so I did n't have to get charged . He was just a great guy . " Lyssa Hopper , a 19-year-old student , was at the counter of the I.V. Deli Mart , Hopper told the newspaper . When shooting began , Hopper dropped to the floor , looked up and saw Martinez lying near the door . "  He was slumped over , and he was bleeding , " Hopper told the newspaper . There were 13 others who were injured , police said . Four were hit by a vehicle , eight were shot and one was being treated for injuries whose cause was unclear , authorities said . On Monday , three patients remained at the Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital , spokeswoman Maria Zate told CNN . Two patients were in good condition and one was in fair condition , she said . On Sunday at the deli , flowers and cards dotted the sidewalk . One message , with a large red heart , read , "  We will miss you , Chris . " Flowers were wedged into holes left by bullets in the glass storefront . ` What a tragic loss ' On Sunday , Tri Delta sorority tweeted about Cooper 's and Weiss ' killings . "  Tri Delta is saddened by the tragic loss of two members at UCSB . Our thoughts are with their family , friends , and Gamma Theta Chapter , " it read . Weiss ' Facebook page -- with a banner promoting a sorority event -- was filling with tributes Saturday evening . "  Rest in peace Veronika Weiss . Its not fair that life was taken from you in this manor . My thoughts are with your loved ones , " wrote one commenter . " ... You were ALWAYS smiling . And I thought you were beautiful . Where are you now ? " wrote another . "  My condolences to the family ... What a tragic loss ... R.I.P. , " read a third . Weiss was a graduate of Westlake High School in Thousand Oaks , California , according to her Facebook page . She was a water polo athlete , according to USA Water Polo , which tweeted that the organization was mourning the loss of its former member . Katie Cooper was with Weiss near the Alpha Phi house when the two were killed , reported CNN affiliate KTLA . Cooper studied art history and archaeology at UCSB , according to her Facebook page , KTLA said , and graduated from Ruben S. Ayala High School in Chino Hills in 2010 . In an interview with CNN , Bob Weiss , Veronika 's father , described his daughter as "  kind " and the sort of person who would "  reach out " to those who were n't popular or who were "  nerdy . " He said those descriptions were not unlike the way shooter Elliot Rodger portrayed himself -- as being "  a little bit of an outcast . " "  He had no idea who he was killing , " Weiss said . "  If he was able to communicate to Veronika , she would have reached out to him . She would have tried to help him . And she would have tried to be friends to him . " Shooter 's YouTube video titled ` Retribution ' In a YouTube video he posted titled "  Retribution , " Rodger announced his intent to commit mass murder at a sorority house at UCSB . "  On the day of retribution I 'm going to enter the hottest sorority house of UCSB , " he said . "  I 'll take great pleasure in slaughtering all of you . " Nick Pasichuke , who was hit by Rodger 's BMW , suffered two broken legs . "  There was a guy driving a BMW . I was on a longboard  elongated skateboard  and he aimed his car at our group of friends and gunned it into us , " he said . "  I have two broken legs and need surgery . The police said I flew roughly 50 feet into a busy intersection . " He added , "  This is all so crazy . " Witness : ` She was hysterical ' Skylar Serge witnessed one of the shootings from her house . "  I could see a woman on a bike get thrown , " she said . The woman was bleeding , she added . "  She was hysterical . She was not sure if it was blood running down her leg " or water from her water bottle . The woman was cared for by an employee from a nearby convenience store who wrapped a belt around her thigh to stop the bleeding , said another witness , Farah Reiz . The shootings occurred in a crowded area bustling with activity on Memorial Day weekend . "  These students are among the best in the country , and the loss of life is palpable , " University of California system President Janet Napolitano told CNN . President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama were sending prayers to the families and friends of the victims . A homeland security official briefed the President about the shooting on Saturday . A posting about the rampage appeared on UC Santa Barbara 's website . "  We are horrified and deeply saddened , " it read , confirming that students had been taken to hospitals . The posting promised that the university would share more information as it became available and said that counselors are being made available . The flag on the campus will fly at half-staff , it said , to honor those who lost their lives . California killer 's parents frantically looked for him during shooting CNN 's Sara Sidner , Evan Perez and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Authorities identify three additional victims of Santa Barbara County rampage They were found dead with multiple stab wounds in the suspect 's apartment One victim 's father slams politicians , NRA in emotional comments to media Elliot Rodger , 22 , killed six people in Santa Barbara County , authorities say
CNN  -- Android is finally getting Chromed out . Google launched a beta version of Chrome for Android smartphones and tablets Tuesday , delivering a mobile version of the popular desktop web browser after a very long wait . Indeed , both Android and Chrome launched more than three years ago , and users have demanded unification ever since . Why bemoan the long wait ? Much like the company 's other products and services , the new Chrome app hooks wonderfully into the Google universe , giving those immersed in desktop Google apps even more incentive to choose Android as their mobile OS . So , naturally , we would hope -- nay , expect -- that Chrome would be the default browser for the Android OS . But this has n't been the case . Android users have been forced to use a generic , stock browser  unceremoniously named "  Browser "  that 's inferior to not only Chrome , but also other browsers available in the Android Market . Dolphin , anyone ? Google had a reason to take its time : It wanted to do Chrome for Android right . "  We did n't want to just push out Chrome light , " said Sundar Pichai , senior vice president of Google Chrome , in an interview . "  Our goal was to get all of Chrome onto Android . " Which is exactly what Pichai and his team did . It 's a full version of the Chrome browser for Android , still performing as adroitly as ever without losing the features that come in the desktop version . There are clear perks in using Chrome instead of other Android browsers . If you 're already a desktop Chrome user , your bookmarks will be synced across all your browser versions after signing into your Google account . Even cooler , if you 've left pages open on your laptop at home , you can access those same open tabs from your mobile Chrome browser . Search terms you 've entered on your desktop browser also carry over to Chrome for Android , saving precious time and screen tapping . But most important of all , Chrome is fast . Really freaking fast . When typing in an address into the search bar , for instance , Chrome predicts what page you 're going to visit and starts loading it in the browser background . So by the time you 've clicked "  go , " most of the site has already loaded . To be sure , the Chrome browser itself is nothing new . It 's been around since 2008 , when Google first decided to take on Microsoft , Mozilla and others by casting its lot in the browser wars . The move proved to be a smart one : For nearly the past year and a half , Chrome has slowly increased market share , according to various browser analytics firms ' estimates . In fact , Chrome actually surpassed Firefox , once the most popular alternative to the dominant Internet Explorer  which still holds about 50 percent of desktop browser share  . After Tuesday 's debut for Android devices -- of which there are more than 700,000 activations daily -- Chrome 's adoption numbers will only escalate . But the Chrome release raises a number of questions about the new browser app , and the relationship that the Android and Chrome teams have with one another . When the Chrome team first announced it was creating a Chrome-based operating system -- later to be known as Chrome OS -- it was difficult to resolve how the software would n't come into conflict with Android . After all , Android is the premier operating system for all things mobile  smartphones , tablets  . Except , that is , for Google 's version of the netbook : the Chromebook . So the question is , Which OS owns what ? Is it Chrome for netbooks , and Android for everything else ? Pichai thinks there 's room enough for both operating systems . The Chrome OS , he says , can be seen "  as a different computing paradigm . " It 's one that , "  end-to-end , is fully based on the web . " "  Native mobile applications are thriving , but web apps are going to thrive as well , " Pichai said . While it 's nice to see the two camps playing nicely in Tuesday 's release , it 's not without a caveat . As of Tuesday 's launch , Chrome for Android is only available for smartphones and tablets running Android version 4.0  a.k.a. Ice Cream Sandwich  . At this point , this includes just a handful of phones and tablets . And of course , it 's Chrome "  beta " for Android , so do n't expect everything to work perfectly . Still , Pichai is confident the Chrome team will drop the "  beta " title sooner rather than later . "  After announcing Chrome the first time , we took it out of beta in three months , " Pichai said . "  I 'd expect this to happen here in the near future . " And as it stands , after Chrome moves out of beta , the plan is for Chrome to take the place of Android 's default browser permanently . If you 've got Ice Cream Sandwich , head to the Android Market to download the app right now . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google launches Chrome Web browser for Android devices Google says it wanted to make sure its browser was right for its operating system Chrome has already replaced Firefox as the second most-popular browser
CNN  -- The devastating tornado that killed 124 people in Missouri this week puts the United States on track for a record-breaking year -- despite improved forecasting , warning systems and public awareness , weather experts say . By 7:20 p.m. Tuesday , the death toll in Joplin had reached 124 , making it the single deadliest tornado since the National Weather Service began keeping such records 61 years ago . The tornado in Joplin brought the number of people who have died in U.S. tornadoes to 489 so far this year . The figure could escalate as rescue workers continue digging through rubble from Sunday 's tornado in Joplin , Missouri . The deadliest tornado year on record is 1925 , which had 794 deaths , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The number of fatalities so far this year is more than 8 1/2 times the average number for an entire year -- 56 , according to CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . With all the advancements in storm technology , the question is simple : Why ? "  That 's the question of 2011 , " said Bob Henson of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research . "  Why have so many people died in these tornadoes ? That 's the open question . It 's partly because of the strength of these tornadoes . Also because they 've hit populated areas . " Myers said the brute force of some tornadoes might just be too severe for many structures . "  Some tornadoes , you just ca n't survive them , " he said . "  They 're just too big . " Since 1875 , the average number of deaths from tornadoes has actually decreased -- from about 200 to 55 a year , Myers said . This year is a sharp anomaly . In addition , the number of killer tornadoes is higher in 2011 -- 51 deadly tornadoes have touched down in the United States this year , compared to an average of 22 killer tornadoes in the past . That 's counting two more tornadoes in Missouri Tuesday night . And it 's only May . But early statistics on U.S. tornadoes have been spotty . Because twisters were not measured the same way they are now , experts do n't know whether the 1925 Tri-State tornado that killed about 695 people in Missouri , Illinois and Indiana was actually a single funnel or many -- which is why it 's not officially considered the deadliest single tornado . The weekend tornado in Joplin stirred memories of two fatal twisters that struck in Alabama last month . One tornado hit Hackleburg and Phil Campbell , killing 78 people , and another struck Tuscaloosa and Birmingham , killing 61 . While many cities in tornado-prone areas have tornado sirens , the alarms sometimes get ignored . "  The sirens always go off , so no one thought anything of it , " Joplin resident Alexa Wattelet said . "  Where we were , nobody really seemed like they were in much of a shock . " But Myers said even if people take all possible precautions , a tornado can still leave fatalities . "  If you get hit by something the size of a 225 mph storm , it is not survivable , " he said . "  And that is not to scare anyone . But the people that did it right are not to blame . " CNN 's Sean Morris and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	At least 489 people have died in U.S. tornadoes so far this year The deadliest tornado year on record is 1925 , which had 794 deaths The strengths and locations of 2011 's twisters could help explain the high death toll
Slovyansk , Ukraine  CNN  -- We were on a rough track surrounded by fields of wheat and barley when the little blue Lada came into sight . The car lurched towards us , kicking up a trail of white dust . Both vehicles stopped . Within 20 miles of Slovyansk , drivers routinely quiz each other for information on the road ahead -- the risks and roadblocks . And then the car , barely the size of a Mini and at least 20 years old , disgorged its occupants : no fewer than eight people , three generations of the Goma family . They had fled the shelling in Slovyansk , a city in eastern Ukraine held for two months by pro-Russian separatists and now under persistent shelling and mortar fire from Ukrainian forces . But after a week sleeping in tents in a forest , battered by thunderstorms , they just wanted to go home -- to a city without electricity , gas or running water . We followed them along rutted tracks and lanes on a twisting route into the city , probably the only way in or out . The Ukrainian army has blocked the main roads around Slovyansk , although President Petro Poroshenko has promised to create ` green corridors ' to help civilians escape the fighting . Waved through a couple of separatist checkpoints , they finally made it . Compared to a month ago , Slovyansk seemed half-empty , the city 's remaining residents looking drawn and frightened . The thud of artillery and chatter of gunfire echoed around apartment blocks . Jagged shards of glass lay everywhere , the remnants of windows blown out by mortar fire or shells . The roof of a gas station hung precariously , twisted by what appeared to have been a direct hit . There were a few charred vehicles , some small craters . ` No electricity , no water ' When the Gomas arrived at a rundown apartment block , the neighbors were surprised to see them back . Who would return to this ? They asked . But Tatiana Goma was just relieved her home was still there . "  Of course I 'm worried to be here but home is home . There is no electricity and no water but at least it 's better than living in tents in the woods , " she told us after unpacking her few belongings . "  We had nowhere to stay , " Tatiana said -- and people elsewhere were reluctant or unable to provide shelter . She knew of only four friends who had left . They had gone to Kharkiv , a city to the north , but had not been welcome . Katya Goma said she was giving tranquilizers to her children -- age ten and two -- to calm them down . But they were already beginning to recognize the difference between various weapons . An old man wandered past . Was there any water here ? He asked . There was n't . Try the fountains , someone suggested . Others said they were using buckets to collect water from lakes on the outskirts of town . Pro-Russian separatists , in various uniforms but all armed , wandered the deserted squares or careered through the streets on scooters , assault weapons slung over their shoulders , weaving past downed power cables . But there were fewer of them than before . Most , it seemed , were on the outskirts of town in defensive positions . The office of the self-declared mayor , Vyacheslav Ponomarev , had lost its revolutionary brio . In fact Ponomarev was nowhere to be found . A statement attributed to the military commander of the separatists in the Donetsk People 's republic , Igor Strelkov , and carried by the Russian news agency ITAR-TASS said : "  The so-called people 's mayor Ponomarev was removed from office for activities which are incompatible with the objectives of the civil administration . " Call for negotiations Following the killing of an aide to Denis Pushilin , the self-declared mayor of Donetsk , in the city at the weekend , there is growing speculation here of dissent among the separatists ' ranks -- though its leadership accused Kiev of being behind the murder . Alexei , a man in his fifties got off his bicycle to talk to us . This had gone on too long , he said . "  They need to negotiate , they should somehow settle this . Or the Ukrainian government should say : ` That 's it . We 're bombing . Run away . ' " The support among some townspeople for the separatist groups that seized the town 's administrative and security buildings early in April seemed to have given way to a weariness , a yearning for an end to the uncertainty and the constant threat of bombardment . No-one could be sure who had fired the mortar that had wrecked an apartment building and sprayed the wall of a school with shrapnel . Maybe it was poor targeting by separatists who had been using the cover of a church to fire at Ukrainian positions -- or equally poor targeting by the army . Those who have basements spend much of the evening sheltering ; they said the worst of the fire comes after 8pm . Others have no basement to flee into . One man said that when the bombing started he and his family would hide in the corridor of their house , away from the windows , for hours on end . They could n't go into the kitchen or bathroom . Thunder , rocket fire As we reached the bus station , a furious summer thunderstorm erupted . The potholes quickly filled with brown water , the thunder cracked -- or was that another round of rocket fire from somewhere ? Galina Sergeyeva , a middle-aged woman with a look of resignation on her face was taking shelter , hoping against hope that she would be able to get home . She had nothing good to say about Poroshenko . "  We call him bloody Petro , " she said . "  A lot of people have died but no-one is talking about it . They should pull the army back , " she said . Katya , an elderly woman in a flowing blue dress and clutching two shopping bags sat on a bench nearby . She had braved the journey from a nearby village to Slovyansk to collect her pension . But the bank , she told us , had been destroyed . Now she had to get home . Suddenly , a puppy emerged from one of her shopping bags . She had found it and was taking it home . As the downpour continued , the patter of rain occasionally interrupted by bursts of machine gun fire in the distance , she gave the puppy some milk -- before traipsing away across the puddles in search of a ride home . We found her at a roadblock an hour later , standing among bronzed separatists whose position was overlooked by Ukrainian heavy armor . The puppy was at her feet . We made room for the pair of them and dropped them off at her home in a village just a few miles from Slovyansk -- a picture of rural tranquility compared to the beleaguered city . READ MORE : ` It 's hell down there ' - battle for eastern Ukraine READ MORE : Slovyansk burns as new President calls for peace	CNN team reports that Slovyansk appears half-deserted , after residents flee fighting Eastern Ukrainian city has been held by pro-Russian separatists for two months Slovyansk is under persistent shelling and mortar fire from Ukrainian forces Citizens appear weary of fighting , desperate for end to constant threat of bombardment
CNN  -- The International Committee of the Red Cross expressed its concern Wednesday over what may have been the improper use of its emblem in the daring rescue last month of 15 hostages in Colombia . What seems to be part of a red cross is seen on a man involved in the rescue in this official image . "  We are in contact with the Colombian authorities to ask for further clarifications as to exactly what happened , " ICRC Deputy Director of Operations Dominik Stillhart said in a written statement . Video and photographs originally shown to CNN appeared to show one of the hostage rescuers wearing a bib with a red cross on it , and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe admitted July 16 that Colombian military intelligence used a single Red Cross symbol in the rescue mission . The ICRC statement said video aired on Colombian television earlier this week "  reveals that a member of the army team involved was wearing a tabard marked with the Red Cross emblem before the operation had even begun , suggesting intentional misuse . " Watch where bib appeared in video " "  If authenticated , these images would clearly establish an improper use of the Red Cross emblem , which we deplore , " Stillhart said . Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos blasted the leaking of the video as "  an act of disloyalty , possibly corruption or even treason , " although he defended the right of the media to publish the material once it had been leaked . Speaking at a news conference at a military base in San Jose del Guaviare on Tuesday , Santos said the military had launched an investigation into the leak and said that those responsible would be "  severely disciplined . " Uribe said in July that the man wearing the bib was a member of the Colombian military intelligence team involved in the rescue who panicked and used the emblem to protect himself . "  This officer , upon confessing his mistake to his superiors , said when the  rescue  helicopter was about to land ... he saw so many guerrillas that he went into a state of angst , " Uribe said . "  He feared for his life and put on the Red Cross bib over his jacket . " However , a confidential military source who showed CNN the photographs that included the man wearing the bib said they were taken moments before the mission took off . The use of the "  Red Cross , Red Crescent and Red Crystal Emblems is governed by the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols . " "  These emblems may not be used by bodies or persons not entitled to do so under international humanitarian law , " the ICRC statement said . Uribe said in July that as the constitutional head of the armed forces , he takes full political responsibility for what he described as a slip-up . He said he has apologized to ICRC officials . Previously , the Colombian president and his top generals had categorically denied that international humanitarian symbols were used in the July 2 rescue mission that duped the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  rebels into handing over prized hostages including former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and soldiers . Learn about some of the freed hostages " Such a use of the Red Cross emblem could constitute a "  war crime " under the Geneva Conventions and international humanitarian law , according to international legal expert Mark Ellis , executive director of the International Bar Association . Such a move could endanger humanitarian workers in the future , he said . "  If you use the emblem in a deceitful way , generally the conventions say it would be a breach .  Based on the information as explained to me  the way that the images show the Red Cross emblem being used could be distinguished as a war crime , " he said in an interview with CNN on July 16 . "  Complete and total respect for the Red Cross emblem is essential if the ICRC is to be able to bring assistance and protection to the people worst affected by armed conflicts and other situations of violence , " the ICRC 's statement said . "  As a neutral and impartial humanitarian organization , the ICRC depends on the trust of all the parties to the conflict to be able to carry out its humanitarian work . "	NEW : Defense minister blasts leak of video from hostage rescue International committee probing use of symbol by military rescuer 15 hostages were rescued July 2 from rebel organization FARC Misuse of emblem could be war crime , legal expert says
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil 's presidential vote is headed for a runoff . Preliminary election results from the South American country show President Dilma Rousseff in the lead . But she did n't get the majority necessary to win in the first round . With more than 99 % of votes counted , Rousseff had 41.56 % of votes , Brazil 's Supreme Electoral Court said . Aecio Neves was in second place with 33.60 % . And Marina Silva was in third place with 21.30 % . Exit polls Sunday indicated there would be a runoff between Rousseff , the incumbent , and Neves , a center-right candidate . In a poll conducted by the Ibope public research firm , Rousseff won 44 % of votes , Neves won 30 % and Silva won 22 % . Silva , an environmentalist candidate for the Brazilian Socialist Party , had gained momentum and backing from a growing number of supporters leading up to the vote , with polls before the election placing her in second place . She joined the race after candidate Eduardo Campos died in a plane crash and was seen as a political outsider who could combat corruption . But while she succeeded in gaining much broader support that polls had initially predicted for her party , her third-place finish puts her out of the running for the presidency . Rousseff , 66 , was once a Marxist rebel who was allegedly tortured in the early 1970s during Brazil 's former dictatorship . With her trademark pixie-short hair style and thick glasses , she became one of most Brazil 's most wanted fugitives , branded by some as a "  subversive Joan of Arc . " She has a solid track record in running the executive office . Before becoming the country 's first female president in 2011 , Rousseff , from the Workers ' Party , was chief of staff to former President Lula da Silva . She democratized Brazil 's electricity sector through the "  Luz Para Todos "  Light for All  program , which made electricity widely available , even in rural areas . Rousseff presided over the soccer World Cup in Brazil , but she took a lot of political flack over how public money was spent . Streets filled with hundreds of thousands of demonstrators questioning the morality of pumping so much money into stadiums instead of programs to fight poverty and build infrastructure . Rousseff defended the spending , saying the vast majority of funds earmarked for infrastructure projects were spent on projects for the nation , not the soccer tournament . And Rousseff claims that under the presidencies of her predecessor and herself , masses of Brazilians have risen out of poverty . "  We have also mainstreamed into the middle class no less than 42 million people , " she has said . But inflation is now weighing down that progress . Neves , a 54-year-old economist , is a well-known name and a career politician . His campaign slogan promises reforms to lower inflation and encourage more investment in the country : "  The sure path for Brazil to really change . " The pro-business candidate belongs to the Brazilian Social Democratic Party , one of the country 's strongest . His grandfather , Tancredo Neves , was elected to become Brazil 's president in 1985 but died before taking office . Neves says he began his political career campaigning at his grandfather 's side . "  What motivates me in politics is an enormous love of Brazil , a limitless desire to see things improve , to see Brazil go the right way , " he says in a campaign video . While he 'd been trailing in some polls leading up to the election , Neves said the only poll that mattered was Sunday 's official vote . "  Let 's get to the second round , " he said in a YouTube video on Saturday . Both Rousseff and Neves thanked supporters in speeches Sunday night . Rousseff has promised her second term will be different , running under the slogan of "  New Government , New Ideas . " "  Once again , the people have honored me with their trust by giving me victory in the first round , " she said . A video posted on Neves ' Twitter feed Sunday night showed cheering supporters carrying him as cameras flashed . This has been one of the tightest election competitions in recent years , and it 's likely to intensify in the coming weeks , with both candidates vying for the votes that went to Silva in the first round . There will be three more weeks of campaigning before the runoff . CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo . Catherine E. Shoichet and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : With more than 99 % of votes counted , Dilma Rousseff has more than 41 % of votes NEW : Exit polls say she 'll face Aecio Neves in a runoff Rousseff is Brazil 's first female President and was once a Marxist rebel Neves , an economist , is a well known career politician who vows to fight inflation
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sales of the flu drug Relenza shot up 1,900 percent from a year ago as governments around the world stockpiled in preparation for a swine flu pandemic , drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline said Wednesday . Stocks of antiviral treatments are pictured at a warehouse in an undisclosed location in the UK Relenza sales were # 60 million  $ 98.4 million  in the second quarter of this year , compared to # 3 million  $ 4.9 million  in the same quarter last year , the company said in announcing its Q2 results . Glaxo also said that by the end of the year , it expects to have an annual production capacity for Relenza of 190 million treatment courses , more than a threefold increase to its previously announced maximum capacity . The company will achieve it by increasing production of the Relenza Diskhaler inhaler and building new capacity to manufacture Relenza Rotacaps , Glaxo said . Watch as swine flu boosts drug profits " Relenza is an antiviral medication similar to Tamiflu that treats symptoms of the flu and helps to prevent getting it . GlaxoSmithKline started production last month of a vaccine for swine flu , also known as the H1N1 virus , the company said . It is now on track to meet the orders placed by many governments and the World Health Organization for the vaccine , Glaxo said . "  To date we have contracts in place to supply 195 million doses of the vaccine , " Chief Executive Andrew Witty said . "  We also have a variety of agreements in place with the U.S. government to supply pandemic products worth $ 250 million . Discussions with over 50 governments are ongoing , with many at advanced stages , and I therefore expect further significant orders . Shipments are expected in the second half of 2009 and early 2010 . " In an interview with CNN 's Richard Quest , Witty said the new swine flu vaccine will likely be a boost to sales into 2010 . "  As we go forward , I think we 'll see  swine flu  become more material for the company , particularly as we move into  the fourth quarter  of this year and vaccine shipments begin , " he said . However , he thinks any sales boost from the planned swine flu vaccine will last only as long as the threat . "  What we 're doing here is responding to government needs , where they 've said , ` Look , we do n't know how serious this is going to be but we want to be prepared ' , " he said . The real challenge for pharmaceutical companies is coming up with new blockbuster drugs for chronic disease , not acute outbreaks like swine flu . "  I think what you see in our industry is relatively resistant to the economic downdrafts ... but we do need to constantly renew our portfolio -- that 's the challenge we face . " Glaxo will donate supplies of both the swine flu vaccine and Relenza to the WHO for use in developing countries , he said . Australian company CSL announced this week it planned to start the first human trials of a swine flu vaccine in Australia . Watch vaccine being tested " Participants will receive two shots three weeks apart and will undergo blood tests to determine if they are generating an appropriate immune response to the virus , the company said . Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the WHO said Monday it was changing tactics against the virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . WHO declared the virus a global pandemic on June 11 . More than 120 countries have reported cases of human infection , totaling more than 98,000 documented cases worldwide . More than 700 people have died of the virus , the organization said Tuesday . With 29 deaths and a huge rise in the number of cases , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe . Cases of swine flu in Britain have , however , proven to be generally mild in most people , Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Wednesday . They have been severe only among a small minority , mostly where patients have had underlying health problems , he said . "  Robust plans are in place " to deal with the pandemic , Brown said . By the end of the week , a new National Pandemic Flu Service will be operating in England to quickly diagnose people who have swine flu and allow them to get antiviral treatment directly from local providers , Brown said . Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the WHO is changing tactics against the H1N1 virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . "  At this point , further spread of the pandemic , within affected countries and to new countries , is considered inevitable , " the WHO said . The counting of all cases is no longer essential because it is exhausting countries ' resources , the organization said . While most patients have reported mild symptoms , a rise in severe symptoms or respiratory ailments that require hospitalization should be cause for concern , it said . Governments should also pay attention to unusual patterns linked to fatal cases , the WHO said . Any changes in prevailing patterns should be flagged , including a rise in school and job absenteeism , and an increase in visits to the emergency room . An overwhelmed health system may mean there is a rise in severe cases , the organization said .	NEW : CEO : Boost from swine flu vaccine will likely increase profits later this year Sales of flu drug Relenza soar as governments stockpile in case of pandemic Around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries With 29 deaths , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales said Saturday that he was suspending the work of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration in Bolivia and that the government will take control of its activities in the war on drugs . Bolivian President Evo Morales , seen last month , says his government will control its anti-drug activities . Morales made the remarks in a speech in a remote part of Bolivia , carried on national television and radio stations . The announcement comes more than a month after Morales kicked DEA agents out of the country 's coca-producing Chapare region , saying the government could no longer protect them amid a growing revolt . At least 30 people died in the violence , and Morales accused Washington of fomenting the unrest . Bolivia and the United States each expelled the other 's ambassadors in September as well , and Morales launched a verbal assault against the U.S. government at the United Nations General Assembly . For its part , the United States accused Bolivia of not doing enough to stop the flow of drugs out of the country . Last month , President Bush said he had proposed cutting off special trade deals with Bolivia "  until it fulfills its obligations . " As he left Bolivia after his expulsion , U.S. ambassador Philip Goldberg warned the Bolivian government that reducing ties with Washington was "  a grave mistake . " Morales ' accusations that the United States had helped foment the violence in his country are "  false and baseless , " Goldberg said in September , and Morales "  insulted us . " The DEA has not been officially notified of any suspension or expulsion , spokesman Garrison Courtney said Saturday . He would not say how many agents are in Bolivia for security reasons but said it was not a significant presence . "  If this is true , it is an unfortunate situation , " Courtney said . "  We 've been working with our counterparts for over 30 years and have a tremendous working relationship with our Bolivian counterparts . " The violence broke out in September as Morales , the nation 's first Indian president , battled an autonomy movement in the natural gas-rich eastern departments of Santa Cruz , Pando , Beni and Tarija . The movement was triggered by Morales ' pledge to redistribute wealth from the eastern departments to the country 's poorer highlands . Some of Latin America 's leaders have supported Morales . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , long a critic of Bush and the United States , expelled the U.S. ambassador from Caracas in solidarity with Bolivia and recalled his own ambassador from Washington . In late October , Bolivia 's Congress approved an agreement between the government and opposition leaders to hold a referendum on a constitution that would grant more power to the nation 's Indian majority , according to the Bolivian Information Agency , or ABI , the state news agency . To spur the negotiations , ABI reported , Morales agreed to seek only one more term as president . The agreement followed weeks of negotiations between the government and political opponents , including the governors of the eastern provinces . CNN en Espanol 's Felipe Barral and CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Evo Morales says he has suspended DEA 's work in Bolivia U.S. agency says it has n't been officially notified of any suspension Morales removed DEA agents from coca-growing region this year U.S. and Bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabble
Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , has been ousted from office just over a year into his presidency . Deposed by the military and reportedly held under house arrest , Morsy 's fall from power has been nothing if not rapid . Egypt 's powerful military stepped in July 3 , hours after a deadline the generals had set for Morsy to order reforms expired . The military 's intervention followed days of opposition protests , during which hundreds of thousands of people massed in Cairo 's Tahrir Square and elsewhere to demand that he step down and call fresh presidential elections , or face a campaign of civil disobedience . The news of Morsy 's downfall prompted further mass street demonstrations , with both his opponents and his supporters turning out to celebrate , or protest , his ouster . Protests turn deadly as deadline looms for Morsy Morsy , who is backed by the Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's oldest and best-organized political movement , insists he remains the country 's legitimate leader . As the deadline neared , he offered to form an interim coalition government to oversee parliamentary elections and revise the constitution that was enacted in January . But Egypt 's top military officer , Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , said he "  did not achieve the goals of the people " and had failed to meet the generals ' demands that he share power with his opposition . So where did it all go wrong ? A strict Islamist educated in southern California , Morsy was elected Egypt 's president in June 2012 after a campaign focused on appealing to the broadest possible audience . But critics say he became increasingly authoritarian and forced through a conservative agenda during his year in power . He is also blamed for failing to revive Egypt 's economy , which crashed when the 2011 uprising , which toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak , drove tourists away . That led many of his supporters among Egypt 's poor and middle class to become disaffected , said Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Center at the London School of Economics , speaking before Morsy fell . "  That some of the revolutionaries are calling on the army to return to politics is a testament to how polarized Egypt is a year after the election of Morsy , " Gerges said . "  Think of the millions of people who cheered Morsy after his election . Think of the millions of Egyptians who pinned their hopes on Morsy . "  A year later , now , the millions of Egyptians who cheered for Morsy are saying he must go . " Opinion : Give Morsy a chance to fix this Eric Trager , writing for the New Republic , described an anti-Muslim Brotherhood backlash that is the "  product of mounting popular frustrations regarding the organization 's failed governance of Egypt " during Morsy 's year in office . Among the causes for complaint are lack of security , rising food prices , long fuel lines , and frequent electricity cuts during the scorching Egyptian summer , Trager said , all of which foster widespread anti-Brotherhood rage . "  The Brotherhood , however , is in complete denial of this . Brotherhood leaders and members contend that Morsi has been a mostly successful president , " he said . Huge challenges For Omar Ashour , a nonresident fellow at the Brookings Doha Center and senior lecturer at Exeter University , Morsy faced an almost impossible challenge from the start . Inexperienced in campaigning , he and his rivals made a raft of "  wild promises " that raised expectations very high , and Morsy could not deliver on them once elected with just over half the vote , Ashour said . He inherited a huge public debt and a legacy of 30 years of corruption under President Hosni Mubarak . Dissatisfaction with economic conditions in the country was already high . Egypt unrest pushes oil prices near $ 100 On taking office , he also experienced very strong resistance from a number within the state institutions , many of them Mubarak loyalists . The majority of those who backed him in the election are still behind him , Ashour said . But some , including those who voted for Morsy only because the alternative was to see Mubarak 's former prime minister elected , have now joined the ranks of those lined up against him . Those opposed to Morsy include the Mubarak loyalists who seek a return to power ; the Salvation Front , a broad coalition of opposition groups ; the youth groups who are disenchanted not to see major change after a year ; and the average citizen unaffiliated with any group but frustrated by rising costs . Uncharismatic , not inclusive Morsy 's personal style has contributed to his current predicament , Ashour said . He lacks charisma and oratorical skills , and at the same time he has n't been able to back his orders with a stick in the same way that Mubarak and his predecessor , Anwar Sadat , did , he said . Although the country 's deficit has fallen and tourism revenue has slightly improved over the past year , the effects are not being felt by the man and woman on the street , Ashour said , so Morsy has not benefited . Before his election , there were concerns in some quarters that Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood would seek to introduce a fundamentalist Islamic theocracy . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? But Ashour rejects the idea that the discontent is ideologically motivated , saying it is in fact a "  pragmatic " power struggle between those who won the democratic election and those who lost , as well as those who feel they lost out in Egypt 's 2011 revolution . Shadi Hamid , director of research for the Brookings Doha Center , said "  a long list of mistakes " had added to Morsy 's unpopularity . "  He did n't do enough to build consensus among Egypt 's very fractious forces and he had a style of government that was n't inclusive , " he told CNN . But Hamid also highlighted the structural problems Morsy faced . "  Anyone who was going to be president right now was going to deal with a deteriorating economy and a rotten , corrupt bureaucracy , many of whom are hostile to President Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood , " he said . One example of that is the security sector , where a big chunk of the Interior Ministry did n't support him and then protested against him , he said . "  Part of it is Morsy 's fault . But we ca n't lose sight of the bigger perspective , that Egypt is a very unwieldy country to govern and no one would have been able to make real improvements in the course of just one year . " Troubled times After assuming office in June last year , Morsy took a number of steps that proved unpopular with certain sectors of Egyptian society . In August , the president moved against the military leadership , sending into retirement Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi , who , as chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , had acted the country 's de facto ruler in the wake of Mubarak 's ouster and prior to Morsy 's election . A few months later , in November , he issued an edict declaring his decisions immune from judicial review until the holding of the constitutional referendum . He also sacked the head of the judiciary , many of whose members had remained loyal to Mubarak . The opposition saw the moves as a grab for dictatorial powers and poured into the streets , converting Tahrir Square in central Cairo back into the center of public discontent it had been during the uprising that brought down Mubarak In response , Morsy dropped his decree , but the situation remained tense . His supporters were accused of beating and detaining opposition protesters during deadly clashes near the presidential palace in Cairo in early December . After a referendum in which more than 60 % approved the new constitution , Morsy signed it into law in late December . Critics argued it was passed too quickly , with liberals , Christians and other minority opposition groups saying they felt excluded from the Constituent Assembly that drafted it . Supporters hailed what they said was its protection of personal rights . The international rights group Human Rights Watch said the constitution "  protects some rights but undermines others , " and that it "  fails to end military trials of civilians or to protect freedom of expression and religion . " At the beginning of last month , the upper house and legislative power of parliament , the Shura Council , was invalidated by the country 's highest court . Once a lower house is elected -- to replace the democratically elected parliament dissolved by the court last year -- the Islamist-dominated Shura Council will be dissolved . New parliamentary elections are due later this year but Morsy has not yet set a date . Central player Morsy served as a central behind-the-scenes player for much of the decade before his election to the presidency , analysts say . His official biography on the website of the Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated Freedom and Justice Party website describes him as "  one of the most prominent political leadership figures of the Brotherhood , the organization that led the struggle against the ousted repressive regime in its last decade . " He led the Brotherhood 's parliamentary bloc from 2000 to 2005 in addition to serving as president of the Department of Materials Science , Faculty of Engineering at Zagazig University . Morsy was arrested several times under Mubarak 's regime "  due to his constantly firm stance against the repressive measures and oppressive practices of the overthrown regime , " the party said . At one point , he spent seven months in jail . Morsy told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour during the election campaign that his party sought "  an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests . " He also said he would support democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he won . He added , "  There is no such thing called an Islamic democracy . There is democracy only . ... The people are the source of authority . "	Mohamed Morsy is pushed from office by Egypt 's military and is reportedly detained Morsy , of the Muslim Brotherhood , was Egypt 's first freely elected president Morsy inherited a poor economy and corrupt bureaucracy , analysts say The U.S.-educated Islamist lacks charisma and was n't an inclusive leader , they say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's third-largest city Guangzhou -- capital of China 's richest and most progressive province Guangdong -- has announced it has taken the first concrete steps in unbolting the country 's often reviled "  Re-education Through Labor "  RTL  system . A senior judge told the state-run China Daily that all detainees in the city under the "  laojiao " or RTL system would be released by the end of the year . "  The police and many legal experts have realized the drawbacks of laojiao and called to abolish the system , which has become outdated , " Yu Mingyong , deputy president of Guangzhou Intermediate People 's Court , was quoted as saying . "  Many of those released from laojiao find many difficulties returning to society , families and work after ... their personal freedom has been restricted in labor camps for several years . " Guangzhou still has about 100 people in labor camps , he said . Human Rights Watch welcomed the move but said there were few RTL camps and detainees in cities . It estimates Guangdong has as many as 18,000 detainees held in a network of facilities throughout the province . Despite the move to end the process -- originally aimed at reforming offenders through a mixture of hard labor and Marxist indoctrination -- HRW claims the changes are merely cosmetic and work camps have simply been relabeled drug detox centers . How it started Reform Through Labor was set up in the 1950s under Mao Zedong and modeled on the Soviet "  gulags " -- a place where "  counter-revolutionaries " and "  class enemies " could be detained without trial . Millions are believed to have died through overwork , suicide and harsh conditions until the system was overhauled in the 1970s when Deng Xiaoping released prisoners accused of political and religious offenses . According to the latest available figures from the Bureau of Re-education Through Labor under the Ministry of Justice , 160,000 people were held in 350 re-education through labor centers nationwide as of the end of 2008 . The UNHCR says the figure is possibly as high as 190,000 people . Today the system empowers police to jail accused offenders -- from petty thieves and prostitutes to drug abusers -- for up to four years without a judicial hearing . Public criticism of the system has grown in China where petitioners against official corruption , "  subversives , " such as Falun Gong practitioners or those simply finding themselves on the wrong side of powerful Communist Party figures , have also been sentenced to penal labor without trial . In a brief note in the official Nanfang Daily last week , the vice president of Guangzhou City , Yuming Yong , said the city 's administrative courts had ceased hearing RTL cases in March , effectively scrapping the system . "  Judicial reform of RTL has been a priority this year , " Yong told the Nanfang Daily . "  Guangzhou has stopped approval of re-education through labor  cases  further highlighting the protection of citizens ' personal liberties . " An administrative tribunal official Xiao Zhixiong added that with no new detention cases being heard , the system would eventually be "  digested out " but that specific reforms would be a matter for other relevant departments . In January this year , the central government in Beijing strongly hinted that it would begin scrapping the system although Guangzhou 's announcement is the strongest indication yet that concrete steps have been taken . Cosmetic changes While Guangdong province has a reputation for being progressive and reform-oriented , human rights groups are skeptical about the depth of change to the controversial jail system . Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch told CNN that reforms may simply be a cosmetic re-branding of an otherwise repressive system . "  Guangdong is at the vanguard of reform , that 's their identity , " Bequelin said . "  Unfortunately , this ` reform ' essentially consists in changing the signboard at the labor camp from 'Re - education Through Labor ' to ` Coercive Detoxification Center . ' " He said Guangdong had been ready to move fast because the majority of the RTL detainees in the province -- 10,000 out of a total of 18,000 according to HRW â $ " are drug offenders or users who posed little political threat to authorities in Beijing . "  It 's not entirely clear to us what has become of the 8,000 RTL detainees who are not being shifted to the detoxification system . Some may have been shifted to yet another system of administrative detention , ` Custody and Education , ' designed for people suspected of engaging in sex work or of having hired the services of sex workers , " Bequelin said . These centers , HRW argues , also constitute arbitrary detention because deprivation of liberty results from administrative , rather than judicial , decisions . "  In other words , no trial , no lawyer , no appeal . And the conditions in these centers are consistently abusive , " he added . He said that while it was encouraging that local authorities had stopped admitting new detainees while they awaited more concrete reforms from Beijing , the central government could reverse its proposals at any stage . "  As far as Human Rights Watch is concerned , the only way forward is to put a definitive end re-education through labor , not to shift detainees to another arbitrary system of detention , or establish a new system to warehouse minor offenders , petitioners , government critics , sex workers and offenders below the age of 18 , " Bequelin said . Backlash over exposed cases Two high-profile cases that became public last year generated a massive backlash , forcing the government to address the thorny issue of RTL . In one case , a mother was sentenced to 18 months in a labor camp for "  disrupting social order " after she repeatedly petitioned officials to execute men convicted of raping her 11-year-old daughter . In another case , a young village official was sent to a labor camp for two years for re-tweeting Weibo posts that were deemed seditious . While even Guangdong 's progressive administration has stopped short of attacking the system , saying that it was "  not opposed to the use of coercive power and punishment by public security organs , " recent official announcements have offered guarded criticism of RTL . "  The system was designed to maintain social order , prevent and reduce crimes by reforming people who committed minor offenses but were not punishable by the penal code , " read one Xinhua editorial . "  It did play an important role in maintaining social order in specific periods , however , with the development of society and the legal system , its defects have become more and more evident . " Jie Chen contributed to this report	China 's third city Guangzhou announces first steps in unbolting 'Re - education Through Labor ' system System was set up in the 1950s under Mao Zedong and modeled on the Soviet ` gulags ' It provides for detention without trial for petty thieves and prostitutes to drug abusers Human Rights Watch says the changes to the system , however , are only cosmetic
CNN  -- Dutch fighter jets scrambled Wednesday to intercept a pair of Russian military aircraft that entered their airspace , a fairly routine action that comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and NATO , a Dutch official said . Maj. Wilko Ter Horst said that the military learned around 3:50 p.m.  9:50 a.m. ET  that two Russian TU-95 bombers , known as Bears , had come a half-mile inside its airspace . A pair of Dutch F-16 military jets were then dispatched to escort the Russian planes and "  ensure they  flew  out of our airspace , " said Ter Horst , a Dutch military spokesman . Such a sequence of events is n't uncommon , with the Netherlands military spokesman explaining "  this is a national procedure when aircraft infringe  on  national Dutch airspace . " He estimated Dutch fighter jets scramble to check out unknown aircraft -- be they from Russia or another country -- about four or five times a year . "  It is not unusual , " Ter Horst added . "  Sometimes they cross Dutch airspace and sometimes they stay north of Dutch airspace  in the country 's so-called area of responsibility  . " In this case , British military aircraft took over from the Dutch in escorting the Russian planes . A British Defense Ministry spokesman said that planes from his military left from Royal Air Force station Leuchars "  to determine the identity of unknown aircraft that approached the NATO Air Policing Area north of Scotland and could not be identified by other means . " These planes were later identified as the Russian military planes . The spokesman stressed that they did n't enter British airspace , nor has any Russian military plane ever done so . "  The Russian military aircraft remained in international airspace at all times , as they are perfectly entitled to do , " the spokesman said . In a separate and "  standard " event , Britain 's HMS Dragon met up with the Russian ship Vice Admiral Kulakov as it was "  transiting past the UK , " according to the military spokesman . The British naval destroyer is now "  keeping an eye on its transit south , " he added . There was no immediate mention of this story on the English-language versions of at least two Russian state-run media outlets , RT and RIA Novosti . While British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond said his military is always on alert "  to intercept any non-NATO forces , " he did not portray these specific incidents as alarming . "  Recent events have increased awareness of Russian military activity , " Hammond said . "  But we have always routinely intercepted , identified and escorted Russian air and naval assets that transit international airspace and waters within the UK 's ` area of interest . ' " Both the Netherlands and the United Kingdom are part of NATO , which has been increasingly at odds with Russia over its activity in and around Ukraine . The tensions ratcheted up late last year , when demonstrators pushed out Ukraine 's president in part due to their anger about his moving away from an alliance with Europe and moving closer to Russia . A pro-Western government took over in Kiev . Soon after , the Crimean peninsula seceded from Ukraine and became part of Russia . Since then , Russia has deployed what NATO estimates to be 40,000 troops near its border with Ukraine , which has made other countries in the area nervous . In an interview Wednesday with RT , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Russia would "  certainly respond " if its interests were attacked in Ukraine . "  Russian citizens being attacked is an attack against the Russian Federation , " Lavrov said . Dutch fighter jets intercept cargo plane Fighter jets , special forces : Photos ` show Russian military buildup ' near Ukraine	Dutch spokesman : 2 Russian bombers enter Dutch airspace by a half mile 2 F-16 Dutch fighter jets intercept the Russian planes , escort them away British military jets later become involved ; action is called "  not unusual " But it comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and NATO
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called Wednesday for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs , a Spanish news agency said . People march in support of legalized marijuana in late January in Belem , northern Brazil . Ex-presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil made their announcement at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , the EFE news agency said . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented . The 17-member panel worked on the report for a year and will forward it to all Latin American governments as well as the United States and the European Union , EFE said . Gaviria said the time is right to start a debate on the subject , particularly with the pragmatic openings provided by the election of President Barack Obama in the United States . "  In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes . And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " EFE quotes Gaviria as saying . Decriminalization should be accompanied by treatment for addicts and public service campaigns on abuse prevention , the commission said . "  If you do n't help those who are dependent , you are half way there because they are going to commit crime to get money and pay for the drug , " Gaviria said . Cardoso said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because "  you have to start somewhere " and it would have been unrealistic to ask the same for all drugs , EFE said . Marijuana was chosen because it is grown in all countries in the region and because it is "  less harmful . " The decades-old criminalization of personal consumption has failed to stop the plant 's cultivation and distribution , the group said . The commission urged that all current criminal prosecution be aimed at drug cartels and organized crime and not marijuana smokers , EFE said . Zedillo did not attend the news conference but worked on the report , Cardoso said . Wednesday 's recommendation was the second time in less than a week that a Latin American government official called for decriminalization . A mayor in Peru suggested Friday that the federal government legalize illicit drugs and administer them through the national health ministry . Gusto Sierra , the mayor of the Surquillo district in Lima , said a federal drug law is hypocritical because it allows maximum legally allowed quantities for some drugs and plants but does n't say where to acquire them , the Peru 21 newspaper reported in a front-page story headlined "  Say yes to drugs ? " Sierra said he will take the matter up with the nation 's executive branch . Zedillo served as president of Mexico from 1994-2000 . Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990-94 . And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995-2002 .	Ex-presidents of Mexico , Brazil and Colombia urge decriminalization of marijuana Leaders urge treatment for addicts , public service campaigns on abuse prevention Criminal prosecution should target drug cartels , not users , former leaders say
CNN  -- Where in the world are children toiling dangerous and dirty conditions , missing out on education and other basic rights ? A new report by risk analysis firm Maplecroft , which ranks 197 countries , identifies Eritrea , Somalia , Democratic Republic of Congo , Myanmar , Sudan , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Zimbabwe and Yemen as the 10 places where child labor is most prevalent . Countries with high poverty rates fare badly in the index due to the need for children to supplement their family income , the report said , but economically important countries like China , India , Russia and Brazil were also found to have extreme risks because child labor laws are often poorly enforced . Trafficking of children into forced labor or sexual exploitation remains a big problem , the report added . Despite its fast-growing economy , China has witnessed a substantial increase in child labor risks over the past year , ranking 20th compared with 53rd a year earlier . The report said that unofficial estimates suggested that 100,000 children are employed in the country 's manufacturing sector . CNN Freedom Project "  The use of vocational work and study schemes , along with the continued use of children in factories , present significant supply chain risks to companies even in the more economically developed provinces , " the report said . Last year , electronics supplier Foxconn admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its Chinese plants . However , the report pointed to minor improvements in the risk of child labor , with South America now ranked as "  high risk " rather than "  extreme risk . " In September , the International Labor Organization estimated that the rate of five to 17 year olds engaged in child labor had decreased to 10.6 % in 2012 from 13.6 % in 2008 . The number of children involved in the worst forms of child labor has decreased to 85 million from 115 million during this time . The company compiles the ranking by evaluating the frequency and severity of reported child labor incidents , as well as tracking how governments prevent child labor and ensure perpetrators are held accountable . The index has been developed to help companies understand the risks of children being employed in their supply chains .	Eritrea , Somalia top the latest list for countries where child labor is most prevalent High poverty rates a similar theme across countries where child labor is most commonly used China fares poorly on the latest index , slipping from 53rd to 20th place Globally , the report says there 's been an improvement in the risks of child labor
CNN  -- Frustrated Republicans are retaliating for a Democratic play to weaken their hand in opposing presidential nominations , forcing an all-night session into Thursday 's early hours . Votes on judicial and other appointments took place early Thursday morning , part of the fallout after the Democratic majority enforced a rule change to expedite consideration of appointments , the so-called nuclear option . Until last month , longstanding Senate rules required a supermajority of 60 votes to break a filibuster over a presidential nominee . Republicans fiercely opposed the change , which now allows the majority Democrats to break filibusters with 51 votes . Democrats , who hold a 55-45 advantage in the Senate , said Republicans had abused the filibuster privilege around President Barack Obama 's nominations , and the only way for him to staff his second-term administration promptly and move stalled judicial appointments was to speed things up through a rules change . "  The Obama administration and its allies have done just about everything to get what they want , one way or the other -- even fundamentally altering the contours of our democracy when they could n't get their way playing by the rules , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said in floor remarks Wednesday . "  We saw the culmination of that with the majority leader 's power grab in the Senate last month . " 5 ways life changes in the Senate after nuclear option Republicans are requiring the marathon session if Democrats want to clear a long list of nominees before leaving for vacation next week . GOP escalation of the rules fight renewed attention to sharp partisan wrangling one day after lawmakers trumpeted a compromise House-Senate budget proposal brokered across party lines . The first vote in the extended session came shortly after 1 a.m. ET as the Senate approved 51-44 Nina Pillard 's nomination on the federal appeals court in Washington . For some , the appointment has been a steppingstone to the Supreme Court . The Senate will continue plowing through the backlog of nominees later Thursday . Senators will vote on the confirmation of Chai Rachel Feldblum to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . Senate Democrats began enforcing the "  nuclear option " this week , stoking Republican ire . All-nighters could continue for days . Democratic leaders said they were prepared to stay in session virtually around the clock through Saturday night to confirm a list of 10 nominees to a variety of senior posts . They range from lesser-known appointments -- such as Patricia Wald to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board -- to critical positions -- such as Jeh Johnson to be homeland security secretary . There are also several federal district court judge appointments on the list as well as nominees to Pentagon posts and the State Department . Customarily , Senate leaders work together so the chamber can conduct its business during more regular hours . But because of strict parliamentary rules , it 's easy for just one senator to hold things up . In this case , the whole GOP conference is upset . What 's the nuclear option ? So why are they working overnights ? According to Senate rules , a certain number of hours of debate can still be demanded by any senator once a filibuster is broken . Known as "  post-cloture debate time " in Senate parlance , up to eight hours of debate time is allowed for nine of the 10 nominees on Majority Leader Harry Reid 's list . For Johnson , the homeland security nominee , debate can last for 30 hours . Typically , Senate leaders would agree to allow that debate time to run with the Senate out of session . But Republicans are angry about the changes to the filibuster rules and are requiring the Senate to stay in session . Reid accused Republicans of obstructionism . "  It is hard to imagine a more pointless exercise than spending an entire day waiting for a vote whose outcome we already know , " Reid said about the Pillard nomination . "  But Republicans insist on wasting time simply for the sake of wasting time . It 's no wonder Americans overwhelmingly support the changes Democrats made to the rules last month in order to make the Senate work again . "	NEW : Senate approves Nina Pillard 51-44 to serve on federal appeals court in Washington Republicans are angry over rules change that weakens their hand in opposing nominations The new rules imposed by majority Democrats aim to speed up confirmation Overnight session forced by GOP is one way to express frustration and slow the process
Former CIA Director David Petraeus is expected to tell House and Senate committees Friday that soon after the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , it suspected Ansar al Sharia was responsible . But just what is Ansar al Sharia , and why was n't it identified as a prime suspect two months ago ? There is no easy answer . Ansar al Sharia is more a label than an organization , one that 's been adopted by conservative Salafist groups across the Arab world . The name means , simply , "  Partisans of Islamic Law . " In Benghazi , Ansar al Sharia was one of many groups that filled the vacuum of authority following the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi . Its members guarded the Al Jala hospital in Tripoli , where a number of the war 's wounded were treated . For a while , the group provided security at the airport , according to Noman Benotman , a senior fellow at the Quilliam Foundation in London who has closely followed the evolution of the Libyan brigades . Ansar al Sharia took over a security building in Tripoli following Gadhafi 's ouster and came up with a logo -- a pair of AK-47s , a clenched first and an open Koran . The group 's central belief is that all authority is derived from the Prophet Mohammed , that democracy is un-Islamic and that other branches of Islam , such as the Sufi , are heretical . Ansar al Sharia and members of another brigade , dubbed the Libyan Shield , have been accused of destroying Sufi shrines near Benghazi days before the attack on the consulate . The description on the Twitter feed of Ansar al Sharia of Benghazi proclaims : "  The goals of Ansar al-Sharia brigade is to implement the laws of Allah on the land , and reject the human implemented laws and earthly made constitutions . There will be nothing ruling in this country other than the laws of Allah . " As with many of the brigades that roam Libya , Ansar al Sharia in Benghazi appears to have a fluid membership in the low-hundreds but some identifiable leaders , who have denied the group had any part in the consulate attack . In Benghazi , the membership includes Mohammed al-Zahawi and Sheikh Nasser al-Tarshani , its religious authority . Neither has been detained . Al-Zahawi -- who fought to overthrow Gadhafi -- has given a number of interviews since the September 11 attack on the consulate . In a BBC interview a week after attack , al-Zahawi denied Ansar al Sharia had any role in the attack , but said the group would not give up its weapons . "  We are in a battle with the liberals , the secularists and the remnants of Gadhafi , " he told the BBC . Al-Tarshani told The Irish Times the attack was wrong . "  The killing of the ambassador was not intentional -- he died as a result of suffocation , " he told Mary Fitzgerald in a telephone interview . He also said that just because the assailants carried the black flag often associated with Salafist groups , it did not mean Ansar al Sharia was responsible . A CNN analysis of photographs of a large Islamist parade in Benghazi in June -- and similar shows of strength elsewhere -- indicates the flag is widely used by Libyan Islamist militia . Another prominent Ansar al Sharia figure is former Guantanamo Bay detainee Sufian bin Qumu . But his "  patch " is east of Benghazi , near the town of Derna . In the wake of the September 11 consulate attack , the 53-year old bin Qumu is thought by analysts to have left the area for a hide-out in the nearby coastal mountain range . Al-Tarshani told The Irish Times that the Benghazi group had nothing to do with him . Benotman , himself a former Libyan jihadist , thinks that blaming Ansar al Sharia for the attack oversimplifies the situation . He told CNN in September that its loose structure made it easy for any group with a terror agenda to infiltrate it because of a shared ideology . One such group , Benotman said , was the Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades , named for the blind Egyptian Sheikh imprisoned in the United States for his role in the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center . The group claimed responsibility for a crude IED attack on the Benghazi consulate in June . There does not appear to be organizational links between Ansar al Sharia and al Qaeda , but there is solidarity . Al-Zahawi praised al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri in his BBC interview , and said al Qaeda 's statements "  help galvanize the Muslim nation , maintain its dignity and pride . " Benotman said most people in Benghazi have little time for the Islamist brigades , as evidenced by the crowd of thousands who attacked Ansar al Sharia 's headquarters in the days following the consulate attack . But he says their animosity was less ideological than borne of frustration . "  They felt the attack on consulate was a threat to their well-being . For many of the protestors , it 's an opportunity to help the government make serious decisions to boost security in Benghazi , " he said . U.S. unsure of Ansar role The narrative from U.S. officials -- on the record and off -- about who was responsible for the consulate attack in Benghazi has been , at best , confusing . In part , that 's because of the blurred lines and overlapping memberships of the different militia . On the day of the attack , a U.S. diplomatic cable sent from Benghazi described a meeting of several brigade commanders with U.S. officials two days earlier . According to the cable , during the meeting Libyan Shield commander Ben Hamed and another Islamist militia leader "  discussed the very fluid relationships and blurry lines they say define membership in the Benghazi based Brigades under the February 17 , Libya Shield , and SSC -LSB- Supreme Security Committee , a Libyan government created fighting outfit -RSB- umbrellas . " Hamed and the other militia leader described themselves as members of multiple brigades , the cable said . Then there are the conflicting reports from U.S. officials . On September 18th , a U.S. official told CNN that Ansar al Sharia had not been positively identified as responsible for the attack , "  which is more likely to turn out to be a bunch of various elements and basically  al Qaeda  militants . " Another senior official told CNN : "  Ansar al Sharia is only one of the elements they are looking at . The notion that the intelligence community has zeroed in on either Ansar al Sharia -- its leader Sufian bin Qumu in particular -- is completely untrue . " At the same time , Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , told a congressional panel : "  We are looking at indications that individuals involved in the attack may have had connections to al Qaeda or al Qaeda 's affiliates -- in particular , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . " The possibility that al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb was somehow involved in the attack was recently revived by U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Carter Ham , commander of the U.S. Africa Command . "  It appears to me very likely that some of the terrorists who participated in the attack in Benghazi have at least some linkages to AQIM , " Ham told reporters in Paris this week . At other times U.S. officials have suggested that Libyan jihadists who fought with al Qaeda in Iraq played a role along with Egyptian militants . Little is known about who Libyan authorities detained in the wake of the consulate attack , and whether they are still detained . A Tunisian , meanwhile , has been detained in connection with the attack , though nothing is known publicly about his links to Ansar al Sharia . Ani Ali al Harzi was arrested in Turkey and is now being held in Tunis . What can be said with some confidence is that the Salafist trend has been revitalized across the Arab world as dictatorships have crumbled . A number of Ansar al Sharia groups have emerged not only in Libya but in Yemen , Tunisia , Egypt and Morocco . "  The Muslims today are not like they were before , " al-Tarshani told the BBC . "  They can not stand any action that would insult our Prophet or other symbols . "	Ansar al Sharia is one of a handful of militias operating in Libya Ansar al Sharia serves more as a label than an organized group Its identifiable leaders are Mohammed al-Zahawi and Sufian bin Qumu Both have denied the group had any role in the consulate attack
Editor 's note : Business Insider is contributing a series of columns to CNN.com that challenge commonly held beliefs about the tech world . Business Insider  -- Here 's the truth about AT&T 's wireless network : On the whole , despite what you 've heard , it 's not actually that bad . It 's just bad for the wrong people in the wrong places -- mostly tech - and media-types in New York and San Francisco , California . Those two cities in particular -- and parts of other big cities , like downtown Chicago , Illinois -- are sort of the perfect storm for AT&T . There 's a huge concentration of Apple iPhones , owned by tech - and media-savvy folks who demand a ton of bandwidth , and love to complain loudly on Twitter and in the press . And there are tall buildings , landlords and construction processes that make running a wireless network more challenging . That helps explain why there are so many dropped calls and pokey mobile Internet connections in those cities , and also why there are so many angry tweets and news articles . And that 's why even Apple CEO Steve Jobs has come to AT&T 's side , defending how his partner has tried to beef up its infrastructure in its most troubled markets . At a recent press event , Jobs said that when AT&T wants to add a cell tower in Texas , it may only take three weeks . But in San Francisco , on average , it takes three years . "  No one wants a cell tower in their back yard , but everyone wants perfect reception , " Jobs said , according to a rough transcript . The rest of the country , overall , is n't such a mess for AT&T . How can we tell ? One way is to look at AT&T 's customer turnover statistics to see if people are fleeing from AT&T and its supposedly terrible service . The reality is that they are not . During AT&T 's second quarter , its monthly "  churn " -- the percent of customers who leave every month -- was 1.29 percent . If you exclude prepaid subscribers , who tend to switch carriers or discontinue their service more often than average , AT&T 's monthly churn was even lower , at 1.01 percent . Those are both record lows for the company and represent improvement over the same period last year . How do those stats compare to the rest of the wireless industry ? You 'd think that Verizon Wireless -- whose network has a stellar reputation compared to AT&T 's -- would have much , much lower churn . Not quite . Verizon Wireless customers are indeed more loyal than AT&T 's , but barely . Its monthly churn last quarter was 1.27 percent , only a hair below AT&T 's . If you exclude prepaid subscribers , it was 0.94 percent -- again , better than AT&T 's , but not by much . For comparison , Sprint was almost twice as bad , and T-Mobile was more than twice as bad as AT&T and Verizon . If things were that bad at AT&T -- and comparatively , that much better at Verizon Wireless -- you 'd expect a greater difference in their churn rates . Another recent study leans in AT&T 's favor . A 3G wireless performance test carried out by PC World showed that AT&T 's network was almost always faster than its competitors , and that its reliability was on par . Both measurements showed significant improvements over its 2009 tests . But indeed , AT&T 's performance and reliability in New York and San Francisco were n't as strong as in other cities , such as Seattle , Washington , or Baltimore , Maryland . Anecdotally , I 've noticed similar things traveling around the country with an iPhone and 3G-enabled iPad . Last weekend in Maine , my 3G connection seemed much snappier than it typically does in New York . I was even able to stream a Netflix video to my iPad in a moving bus -- something I ca n't even do reliably when I 'm stationary in Manhattan . AT&T pours billions of dollars -- between $ 18 billion and $ 19 billion this year alone -- into trying to improve its network . For example , it 's going cell site by cell site to add more bandwidth to support faster speeds , a process that will continue through this year and next , an AT&T spokesman says . Many of the carrier 's improvements have focused on New York and San Francisco . For instance , AT&T has doubled the capacity of its network in New York over the past year , and is in the process of doubling its capacity in San Francisco . It has also installed specialized indoor systems in high-traffic areas , including Grand Central Station and Yankee Stadium in New York . As a result , mobile download speeds in New York are up 31 percent over the last six months , according to internal testing data . Blocked calls are down almost 40 percent in Manhattan so far this year , and dropped calls are down 23 percent , AT&T says . The company has also complemented its strained 3G network with more free wi-fi hot spots for its customers , including a network recently installed in New York 's Times Square , one near Wrigley Field in Chicago and all Starbucks locations . In addition to adding 400 percent more 3G capacity at AT&T Park in San Francisco , it has also doubled the number of wi-fi hot spots there . In those situations , the idea is that customers could hop on wi-fi to send emails or access the Internet , taking a load off cell networks . To be sure , despite these improvements , the company obviously still has a lot of problems in New York and San Francisco . And because of the concentration of tech and media industry types there , we 'll probably see the "  AT&T sucks " rants and "  attfail " tweets for the foreseeable future . At least until Verizon Wireless gets Apple 's iPhone . Then we 'll know if this whole mess is really AT&T 's fault or just the unique situation of having to support millions of iPhones in use at one time . But in reality , things are n't as terrible for AT&T as you 've been led to believe . It 's just really bad in the wrong places , for the wrong people . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Cities such as New York and San Francisco can strain wireless networks They have a large concentration of iPhone owners who love to complain in the press PC World : Test shows AT&T 's network almost always faster than competitors Spokesman : AT&T adding more bandwidth to support faster speeds
CNN  -- Actress Natasha Richardson was hospitalized after she fell on a ski slope at a Quebec resort , a resort spokeswoman said in a statement Tuesday . Actress Natasha Richardson was transferred Tuesday to an undisclosed location in the United States . Richardson was taken to a hospital near Station Mont Tremblant before she was transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal following her fall on Monday , according to the statement . However , she was transferred Tuesday to an undisclosed location in the United States , according to Michelle Simard , spokeswoman for Hopital du Sacre-Coeur . Simard said she had no further details . Richardson fell on a beginners ' trail Monday during a ski lesson at Station Mont Tremblant , said the statement from the resort , located about 80 miles northwest of Montreal . She was not wearing a helmet , the resort said . At the time , Richardson was accompanied by a veteran female ski instructor , who called the ski patrol , the statement said . The ski patrol members examined her and found no visible sign of injury , according to the statement . "  As standard protocol , the ski patrol insisted that Ms. Richardson be transported to the base of the hill in a rescue toboggan , " the resort statement said . Once at the base of the hill , staffers advised Richardson to seek additional medical attention , but she declined . Accompanied by the instructor , Richardson went to her hotel , where she was again advised to see a doctor , the resort said . As a precautionary measure , the instructor stayed with her , the statement said . The statement offered no details on Richardson 's condition or injuries , but said resort staffers and police were providing support to Richardson 's family and friends . Richardson , 45 , has appeared in many television , film and stage roles , including the movies "  Nell " and "  The Parent Trap . " She won a Tony award in 1998 for her performance as Sally Bowles in "  Cabaret . " She is married to actor Liam Neeson and is the daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave . The Montreal Gazette reported that Richardson 's two sons with Neeson were skiing with her at the time of her fall , and that Neeson flew to Montreal from a Toronto film set to be with her at the hospital .	Actress Natasha Richardson fell on a beginners ' trail in Quebec , Canada Actress had no "  visible signs of injury , " resort spokeswoman said Ambulance was called after Richardson was "  not feeling good " an hour after fall
CNN  -- With Tuesday 's recall vote , taxpayers in Wisconsin affirmed Gov. Scott Walker 's reforms and put an end to the state 's unholy alliance between big government and big labor . The reign of entrenched public sector unions may be over and a new era of self-governing fiscal responsibility beginning . The importance of Walker 's victory can not be understated . This is , after all , Wisconsin -- the birthplace of the American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees and the first state to permit collective bargaining . Not since Ronald Reagan in 1984 has Wisconsin voted Republican , and in 2008 , Obama took the state by a whopping 14 points . Analysis : Wisconsin now tougher for Obama , but still uphill climb for Romney And yet Walker won by seven points Tuesday , becoming the first governor in U.S. history to survive a recall election . Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch also beat the recall . The Wisconsin saga ends close to where it began : a sobering defeat for organized labor and a stunning victory for fiscal conservatives . Walker took office in 2011 facing a $ 3.6 billion budget hole . He had few options at his disposal to balance the budget : raise taxes , make draconian cuts or go after the sweetheart public employee pension and health care plans . He bravely chose the latter , requiring public employees to pay 5 % of their salaries toward their pensions  they paid virtually nothing before  and 12.6 % of their health care premiums  less than what private and federal employees pay  . Furthermore , he ended collective bargaining except for wages and made automatic union dues optional . Walker 's Wisconsin win big blow to unions , smaller one to Obama Before Walker 's reforms , Wisconsin state employees enjoyed salary and benefits that were about 28 % higher than comparable private sector workers , according to a new study from the American Enterprise Institute . Even after his much decried reforms , Wisconsin public employees ' total compensation is still about 22 % greater -- $ 81,637 versus $ 67,068 -- than similar private sector workers . Yet how were Walker 's proposals received ? Democratic state senators fled to Illinois to avoid votes ; up to 100,000 protesters stormed the state Capitol in Madison , climbing through windows and trashing the building ; teachers handed out fake doctors ' notes to skip school and protest , some even bringing their students with them ; signs and fliers compared Scott Walker to Adolf Hitler ; a Democratic state senator cursed out a Republican lawmaker ; and lastly , Democrats initiated recall elections on state senators , the lieutenant governor and Walker . In the end , Democrats have little , if anything , to show for it . That 's because Walker 's reforms have done everything he promised . He recouped the state 's budget shortfall without raising taxes . School districts that enacted his reforms were able to meet budgets without firing teachers , enlarging class sizes or cutting programs . In fact , some even reported budget surpluses . Property taxes fell for the first time in 13 years , and Walker cited figures that showed Wisconsin has added 35,000 jobs since he took office . The public sector union machine , once a colossus of Democratic power , looks weak in the wake of Walker 's triumph . With mandatory union dues now extinct , union membership has withered in Wisconsin . AFSCME 's Local 24 in Madison has seen its ranks drop from 22,300 to 7,100 , while AFSCME 's statewide membership has been cut in half . In short , Walker has broken the long running cycle of handoffs and paybacks between union leadership and state politicians . Where is the Democrat outrage ? In 2007 , then-Sen . Barack Obama promised , "  I  f American workers are being denied their right to organize when I 'm in the White House , I will put on a comfortable pair of shoes and I will walk on that picket line with you as president of the United States . " In February 2011 , President Obama called Walker 's proposals an "  assault " on unions . But less than two years later , Obama would n't set foot in Wisconsin before the recall . His endorsement of Tom Barrett came via Twitter , hardly instilling confidence in the Democratic cause . Public sector unions were left out in the Wisconsin cold . On the other hand , the untold story of the Wisconsin saga may be the resurgence of the tea party . Local tea party groups , like the Racine tea party , and national groups , such as Americans for Prosperity , have hosted dozens of rallies for Walker , recruiting volunteers from around the country and pouring in campaign donations in unparalleled numbers . Any rumors of a tea party demise have been short-lived . Come November , Wisconsin will be the conservative rallying cry . Fittingly , the Badger fight song may very well be the anthem : On , Wisconsin ! On , Wisconsin ! Plunge right through that line ! Run the ball clear down the field , A touchdown sure this time ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Recall vote a huge victory for conservatives , tea party He says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker faced multibillion-dollar budget deficit Bennett says cutting worker benefits erased deficit , lowered taxes , helped state economy He says Obama did n't fulfill vow to stand with workers who lost collective bargaining on benefits
CNN  -- Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon was freed Thursday by an appeals court in Puerto Plata Province in the Dominican Republic after being held more than two months in jail for involuntary homicide , his lawyer told CNN . The 29-year-old athlete , who paid bail of about $ 50,000 , spent the time in the Fortaleza San Felipe in Puerto Plata , the only jail in the country that has a baseball field , lawyer Carlos Olivares said . Simon still faces the charge , Olivares told CNN in a telephone interview from Santo Domingo . But he is free to travel . "  He can leave to the United States , " Olivares said , adding that the Baltimore team has kept him on its roster . Simon surrendered himself and his weapon on January 3 to Dominican National Police and was jailed in the northern coastal town of Puerto Plata after being accused in the New Year 's Eve shooting death of 25-year-old Michael Esteban Castillo . Olivares said shooting in the air in celebration of the new year is a common practice in the Dominican Republic and that Simon was one of many who did so that night . "  A group of 14 , 15 people shot up in the air , including my client , " he told reporters . "  So , they planted the thesis that it could have been him . " Assistant D.A. Hernandez said in January of Simon , "  So far he 's the one . There 's no doubt about the incident . " Simon hails from Santiago , about an hour south of Puerto Plata . He joined the Orioles in 2008 . Olivares said the ballistics report absolves his client , though it has not been made public . The judge in the case originally ordered his client held for a year , but the appeals court rejected that , Olivares said . "  We know that he had nothing to do with this victim , " the lawyer said . The Orioles ' website said Thursday that "  Simon is unlikely to pitch in 2011 due to off-the-field issues . "	Simon still faces a charge of involuntary homicide in the Dominican Republic The charge is related to a New Year 's Eve killing He paid bail of about $ 50,000 He is free to travel to the United States , where he remains on the Orioles roster
Chicago  CNN  -- Was Saturday night some crazy bad dream ? Because the Charlie Sheen show I saw at the Chicago Theatre on Sunday night bore absolutely no resemblance to whatever it was the Detroit crowd and I witnessed Saturday . The entire nonsensical , rambling , random multimedia production ? Scrapped . In its place : a live 90-minute talk show , with Sheen as the guest . From the start it was obvious a whole new show was planned . Gone was the sadly unfunny comedian warming up the crowd . Instead , a guy who never introduced himself to the audience was on stage at about 8:15 p.m. to introduce Sheen to Chicago .  I happened to recognize him since I interviewed him the day before in Detroit -- Sheen 's tour promoter from Live Nation , Joey Scoleri  . The crowd gave the headliner a standing ovation . Sheen replied , "  Wow ... wow , " inserting one of his trademark expletives . The actor and the still-unknown-to-audience "  other guy "  Scoleri  sat down in two chairs on a spartan stage , with the audience still standing and cheering , then chanting "  Detroit sucks ! Detroit sucks ! " "  No , they do n't , " Sheen said into the mic . Scoleri was now the emcee , simply asking Sheen preplanned questions covering everything , including the "  goddesses , " his marriages , his firing from "  Two and a Half Men , " troubles with the law in Aspen , Colorado , call girls at New York 's Plaza Hotel and why he pays for sex . Answer : "  I have millions to blow , and I ran out of stuff to buy . " It was classic Sheen -- caustically funny , crude , shocking and downright hilarious . He was relaxed and smoking and playing with audience members with the emcee as referee . He told the story of how he passed up being the original "  Karate Kid " so he could take a much better opportunity in "  Grizzlies 2 , " based on his dad 's unwise advice . Laid back and comfortable , Sheen became the guy Detroit came to see but did n't get . This was just funny , funny Charlie . Yes , booze abounded here , too . And throughout , the highly intoxicated crowd was so pleased with Sheen that many just shouted , "  Expletive  Detroit ! " It was as though the packed house of about 3,600 fans in Chicago could n't understand how Detroiters could have booed this show . I wanted to stand up and scream at them , "  Detroit did n't have this show ! " and then scream back at Sheen and the "  other interviewer guy , " "  Can you please bring this show back to Detroit ? " iReport : Fans cheer Sheen in Chicago Detroit was apparently some demented practice session . Here in Chicago , not much circuitous babble about Vatican assassins and trolls and warlocks -- some , just not 20-minute rants . Sheen felt the love and got his game on in Chicago . At the merchandise stand , I bypassed the shirt that said "  Sheenius " and instead bought the $ 15 dog tag , which on one side says : "  Charlie Sheen 's Violent Torpedo of Truth Defeat is Not an Option Tour 2011 . " The flip side says ... wait for it ... #winning . I 'm wearing it now . CNN 's Kareen Wynter and Rachel Wells contributed to this report	Charlie Sheen completely revamps the show that bombed in Detroit He turns his "  Violent Torpedo of Truth " tour into a talk show Why does he pay for sex ? He "  ran out of things to buy , " he says
According to a recent book , there are 100 things to do in New York City before you die . We 've collected 12 of them here . All are located in Manhattan , unless noted . Sing karaoke at Arlene 's Grocery You ca n't play a guitar like Jimi , you ca n't sing like Freddie and yet you dream of being a rock star like Bowie . Especially when you 've been drinking . Sound familiar ? Since 1996 , this former bodega has been one of the primo showcases for local bands in NYC , and on Monday and Friday nights , their famous karaoke band gives accountants , baristas and repressed librarians a taste of the limelight . Even if you do n't have it in you to take the stage , the drinks are cheap and the people watching ranges from "  wow " to "  that 's hilarious " to "  what a train wreck . " But no matter the level of talent , the entertainment factor goes to 11 . Arlene 's Grocery , 95 Stanton St. ; +1 212 358 1633 Walk the High Line Considered this generation 's Central Park , the 1.45 miles of reclaimed railroad track is testament to community activism and urban beautification efforts . Initially slated for demolition in 1999 until downtowners Joshua David and Robert Hammond started Friends of the High Line , the park now hosts more than 4.4 million visitors annually , which has actually become a problem . The path is only 30 feet wide in some places , causing a pleasant stroll to sometimes feel like waiting in line . So visit early in the morning or late in the evening , and avoid weekends at all cost . The High Line runs from Gansevoort Street to West 30th Street ; +1 212 500 6035 Get a ticket at Katz 's Delicatessen Ever wonder what pastrami is , exactly ? It 's beef brisket cured in brine and covered with a mix of spices that include garlic , paprika and mustard seed . Then it 's steamed until the meat begins to break down . The process was a way of preserving meat before the age of refrigeration . Today , there are only three NYC delis to get a traditional pastrami sandwich : Carnegie Deli , 2nd Avenue Deli and Katz 's Delicatessen . Each of these granddaddies have their share of history and old-timey charm , but Katz 's undoubtedly delivers the best experience . Upon entering , you 're given a ticket  which you better not lose !  , and then you proceed to the counter to order  your ticket will get marked depending on what you order  . If you 're a traditionalist , you 'll want pastrami on rye with mustard and a cup of matzo ball soup . A mound of pickles is thrown in for free . After taking that last delicious bite , take a stroll around the place to look at all the photos on the wall , and see if you can find the table where that scene from "  When Harry Met Sally " was filmed . P.S. It 's open late ! Katz 's Delicatessen , 205 E. Houston St ; +1 212 254 2246 Watch some noir at Film Forum There are several good independent movie theaters in New York , but the Forum stands alone as cinema 's obsessive historian . The atmosphere of the theater itself somehow matches the mood of the carefully curated celluloid that lights up the big screen nightly . International noir from Jean-Luc Godard and classics by Orson Welles are house specialties , but so are little known gems like "  Scarecrow "  starring Gene Hackman  and "  Public Enemy "  which made Jimmy Cagney a star  . So the next time you 're wondering what to do on a Friday night , take a chance and catch a movie you 've probably never heard of . Film Forum , 209 W. Houston St. ; +1 212 727 8110 Shop at Bergdorf Goodman At the corner of 58th Street and Fifth Avenue , where a Vanderbilt mansion once stood , is the city 's temple to high fashion and conspicuous consumption . Founded in 1899 by Herman Bergdorf , the department store carries all the usual -- Prada , Chanel -- but it 's also known for identifying and selling the best from upstart designers from around the world . Splurge on something , even if it 's only a glass of wine in Goodman 's Cafe . Bergdorf Goodman , 754 Fifth Ave. ; +1 212 753 7300 Cruise past the Statue of Liberty All those poor , tired , huddled masses would have headed straight back to the Old Country if they had to endure the lines that typically greet the patriots and tourists looking to visit Liberty Island . The best way to see America 's First Lady is to take the Circle Line Sightseeing cruise , which departs from Pier 83 , down the Hudson River . It passes this close by Lady Liberty before heading under the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridges .  There are lots of Circle Line cruise options , so make sure you choose the right one . And a good alternative is a ride on the Staten Island Ferry , which gets pretty close to Lady Liberty , runs regularly and is free . Circle Line Sightseeing , Pier 83 , W. 42nd St. ; +1 212 563 3200 Rock out at the Bowery Ballroom Ever hear of The Go ! Team ? How about Joan Baez or Soul Asylum ? If not , then chances are you 're not cool . Do n't worry , though ! A quick fix is only a gig away at this tiny concert venue where bands from all over the world come to jam . The bar upstairs is a great place to amp up with friends before heading downstairs to get electrified by music not meant to be consumed by mass-market audiences . Obviously you should do some homework and see a band that interests you , but any night rocking out at the Ballroom will be a night to remember . Bowery Ballroom , 6 Delancey St. +1 212 533 2111 Explore the northwest area of Central Park Ask any New Yorker for a short list of must-sees in Central Park and they 'll likely rattle off destinations like Strawberry Fields and Bethesda Fountain . But ask Central Park 's historian , Sara Cedar Millar , for her favorite spot and she 'll send you up north to the now defunct bridle paths . The area has a distinct topography  complete with waterfall  , making it a favorite among naturalists and joggers alike . Central Park ; +1 212 310 6600 Visit the National September 11 Memorial & Museum Considering the unspeakable depravity that led to the creation of "  ground zero , " the feeling of reverence , endurance , perseverance and peace that now greets visitors is truly astounding . More than 11 million people have come here from all over the world since it opened in 2011 , and in so doing , paid tribute to the indomitable human spirit . The site is solemn , but it 's also a place of wonder and learning , with the considerable effort of those who designed and built the memorial evident at every turn . The two massive reflecting pools that cascade water down into the footprints of the two felled towers are equal parts moving and beautiful . Bronze panels surrounding the pools bear the names of everyone who died in the attacks , and are arranged with delicate significance . The museum , located seven stories underground at the base of the original Twin Towers , curates a powerful and extensive exhibit that includes crushed fire trucks , salvaged steel tridents that once held up the towers , photographs and biographies of all those who perished in the attacks , including those of the terrorists , lest the world forgets who was responsible . National September 11 Memorial & Museum , Liberty Street ; +1 212 , 312 8800 Listen to live jazz in Greenwich Village What , you think John Coltrane is really dead ? There are three known cures for jazz know-nothings in NYC : Smalls , the Village Vanguard and the Blue Note . The latter two venues have been around for the better part of a century , but all three attract the very best talent and have atmospheres that make for one of those late nights to remember . Go alone or with a pal , and hear firsthand the city 's one true soundtrack . Smalls , 183 W. 10th St. ; +1 212 252 5091 Village Vanguard , 178 7th Ave. ; +1 212 255 4037 Blue Note , 131 W. 3rd St. ; +1 212 475 8592 Disappear inside the Met New York is lousy with esoteric museums -- what , you 've never heard of the Institute for the Study of the Ancient World on East 84th Street ? -- but it 's a different story inside the baroque colossus that occupies the east frontage of Central Park between 82nd and 83rd streets . Its famed treasures are too numerous to list here , but with an operating budget of more than $ 250 million a year , it 's the only museum in the world that rivals Paris ' Louvre . Properly exploring the museum in one day is impossible , but arrive early and consider opting for the amazingly insightful audio tour . Do n't Miss These Treasures : • The Musicians by Caravaggio • Autumn Rhythm by Jackson Pollock • Marble statue of the emperor Caracalla • The dining room of Kirtlington Park • The Egyptian room The Metropolitan Museum of Art ; 1000 Fifth Ave. ; +1 212 535 7710 Catch a Yankees game If you 're not from New York -- and even if you are -- there 's a good chance you 're not a fan of baseball 's greatest-ever team . Nevertheless , a trip to Yankee Stadium should come before a trip to Cooperstown -LSB- location of the National Baseball Hall of Fame -RSB- for any lover of America 's national pastime . Regular stadium seating tickets range from $ 100 all the way up to a ridiculous $ 200 , though the $ 78 for the bleacher is a good option if you do n't mind being cut off in the 5th inning  concession stands everywhere else serve until the 7th inning  and have a tolerance for vulgar chants . Make sure you stay to the end to hear Frank Sinatra 's "  New York , New York , " provided the home team wins ! Yankee Stadium , 1 E. 161st St. , Bronx ; +1 718 293 4300	Top New York picks for karaoke , pastrami , movie theaters , long walks and more You know Central Park , but probably do n't know about its overlooked northwest section Want live music ? Choices are nearly endless The National September 11 Memorial & Museum is the city 's newest big attraction
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A singer is being sought for questioning in connection with the death of a woman following a cosmetic procedure , police said Friday . Claudia Aderotimi , 20 , died early Tuesday , shortly after receiving buttocks enhancements in a hotel room near Philadelphia International Airport , according to police . The procedure allegedly cost $ 1,800 . Police say singer Black Madam -- whom they have identified as Padge Victoria Windslowe , 41 -- is believed to be the person who injected Aderotimi with a substance that was supposed to be silicone . Officers searched Windslowe 's apartment for medical supplies , according to a search warrant . She was not home at the time , and authorities are looking for her . Aderotimi and three other women had traveled from England to undergo the cosmetic procedure in Philadelphia , police said . A woman who allegedly helped arrange the trip told police that "  Black Madam " carried out the procedure , according to an affidavit . Shortly after the injection , Aderotimi became short of breath and complained of chest pains . She was rushed to a hospital , where she later died , police said . The preliminary cause of death has been linked to the injection , according to the affidavit . Underground cosmetic procedures have become a growing cause of concern for health regulators . Last month , New York officials arrested a woman for allegedly illegally injecting liquid silicone as part an underground business she ran out of her home , according to the Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office . She allegedly charged more than $ 1,000 for a round of shots and faces up to three years in prison if convicted . Last year in New Jersey , state health officials launched an investigation into infections related to cosmetic injections after six women were hospitalized for complications . The women developed symptoms after injections for buttocks enhancement and received surgical and antibiotic treatment , according to the state health agency . All the injections apparently were administered by unlicensed medical providers . Investigators have had a difficult time tracking these procedures because they are performed by unlicensed providers . "  It 's hard to tell how many people are utilizing that -LSB- type -RSB- of service , " said Dr. Tina Tan , a New Jersey state epidemiologist . Tan has heard reports of caulk and other products being used in the injections , as well as injection substances being purchased outside of medical supply stores , she said . Not surprisingly , injecting these materials can result in serious health complications and death , she warned . "  In our cluster , these patients had to be hospitalized , " she said , adding that injection procedures should be performed by licensed health providers . "  We do not recommend going in a hotel room with people who you do n't know their credentials . "	A 20-year-old woman died this week after a cosmetic injection Police want to talk to singer Black Madam , whom they have linked to the procedure Police have already searched the singer 's house
London  CNN  -- A second former personal assistant to Nigella Lawson made drug use allegations against the celebrity chef Tuesday as she testified at her own fraud trial . Francesca Grillo and her sister , Elisabetta , are accused of embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds from Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi . Francesca Grillo said she had not seen Lawson take drugs . But she told the Isleworth Crown Court in west London she had seen repeated evidence of drug use . "  At the beginning of 2012 , there were a few episodes when she came down and she had white powder in her nostrils , " she said of Lawson . "  She brushed it off and said it was makeup . " Asked by her defense lawyer if that could have been the case , Francesca Grillo said it was "  too white to be makeup . " Lawson told her that when she was working on a new book , she needed to stay up through the night , Grillo said . The former personal assistant told the court that Lawson would have a runny nose for long periods of time , even in summer , and that she would have mood changes , going from very nice to "  absent and grumpy . " She also described finding rolled-up bank notes with traces of powder in Lawson 's handbag and seeing the remnants of cannabis use around the house . Grillo said she spoke to Lawson 's two children about her cannabis use . They told the former personal assistant that Lawson had trouble sleeping , so she would go downstairs and smoke with them because it helped her sleep . Elisabetta Grillo , in her testimony last week , also told the court that she had seen indications of drug use by Lawson but had never seen her take drugs . In her own testimony this month , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times , during two periods of her life , and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user , saying , "  I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem . " Saatchi had said in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in his testimony before the court last month , he backed off that claim . In the e-mail , which the defense shared with the court at a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the two assistants would probably "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Lawson lied in court , former aide says Luxury goods The two sisters are accused of spending large sums on luxury goods on company credit cards they were supposed to use for household expenses . Both sisters deny the fraud charge . Questioned by the prosecution about her spending Tuesday , Francesca Grillo insisted that Lawson had approved her purchases . She admitted to having dresses , handbags and shoes from designers including Miu Miu , Christian Louboutin and Gucci . The prosecution outlined the alleged top 50 unauthorized transactions by Grillo , including trips to New York and European cities such as Paris , Milan , Berlin and Antwerp , with significant purchases in exclusive stores . In response , Grillo variously said that the trips were authorized by Lawson or that she could n't remember the trip , who she went with or whether she was even on the trip herself . She suggested that other members of the family could have used her card . Grillo said that Saatchi had shouted , banged his fists on a table and threatened to "  destroy " her when he accused her of fraud this summer . "  You do n't cross Charles Saatchi , everyone knows that , " she said . Grillo said it felt "  like a personal vendetta " against her . Elisabetta Grillo also said Lawson had authorized all her personal spending . Lawson ` ashamed ' of drug use , court hears	NEW : Prosecution says Francesca Grillo spent company money on trips , shopping Grillo tells the court she 'd see Nigella Lawson with white powder on her nose Francesca Grillo and her sister Elisabetta deny defrauding Lawson and Charles Saatchi Both sisters say that their spending on personal items was approved by Lawson
CNN  -- Modern football is a melting pot of cultures , as players from a variety of ethnic backgrounds share top billing as superstars . It is not always a comfortable mix , as can be seen by the recent racism rows involving John Terry and Luis Suarez . But football 's pantheon of stars has not always been such a rich multicultural tapestry . Far from it . Back in the sport 's infancy in the late 1800s , in its homeland of white-dominated Britain , there were no official leagues and only a handful of domestic cup competitions . International matches were the pinnacle of competition , with England and Scotland contesting the first in 1872 -- and few were played outside the UK and Ireland until the formation of FIFA in 1904 . And it was Scotland which , in 1881 , provided football with its first black international player -- British Guiana-born Andrew Watson . "  He was the son of a Glasgow merchant who traded out in the West Indies and parts of South America as well , " curator of the Scottish Football Museum Richard McBrearty told CNN . "  It 's a story of the time , I suppose . Andrew would 've been born out of wedlock to a wealthy white merchant and his mother who was native to British Guiana . " Social attitudes of the time meant that Watson , while enjoying financial support and a good education , was never truly recognized and acknowledged by his father . "  Anything that had to be signed , due to school or education , was usually done through an intermediary , " McBrearty explained . "  So he was recognized as being of the blood , but there was a distance . " Early records of Watson show him joining Glasgow team Parkgrove -- which at the time enjoyed a higher profile than now-famous neighbors Glasgow Rangers -- in both a playing and off-pitch capacity . In his role as match secretary , Watson created history by becoming the first black football administrator . In 1880 he joined Queen 's Park , the biggest of the Glasgow clubs and Scotland 's preeminent football power . The following year he represented Scotland in his first of three international outings , captaining the country in a landmark 6-1 victory over England at London 's Oval ground -- now an international cricket venue . "  Even to this day with some of the fantastic teams England have played over the years , such as the Hungarians of 1953 and Pele 's Brazil , that victory for Scotland remains England 's heaviest defeat on home soil , " said McBrearty . The Scotland team led by Watson pioneered a revolutionary passing game at a time when football was played in a very individual manner . "  He is a hugely important figure within football . He captained Scotland against England , which was absolutely the highest accolade you could have at the time . It was also at a time when Scotland were very successful in international football , " McBrearty said . "  The way the game was played at that time , Scotland were devising a short passing game . The margin of victory was because Scotland were the first to promote a real team-based passing ethos . Watson was right at the forefront of that . " Despite his prominent role in the national team , Watson still occasionally encountered abuse which was symbolic of a less enlightened age . "  What we come across in a very polite article about Watson is that he encountered ` splenetic players ' on the field . Now that suggests to me that the color of his skin was a subject of attack , " McBrearty said . "  That 's an insight into the fact that , even in that time , this was clearly happening and Watson had to rise above that as a footballer and more widely as a human being . " Watson 's demeanor off the pitch is something McBrearty believes is also of note , saying he had a reputation as a gentleman . "  Certainly there is widespread praise that he wins . The adoration that he has is clearly because he manages to rise above the difficulties that he encounters on the field of play . " After leaving Queen 's Park , Watson headed to England to play for the now-defunct Swifts club in London . McBrearty believes Watson became the first black player to play in the English FA Cup during the 1882-83 season . Watson passed away in Sydney , Australia in 1902 aged 44 , but McBrearty thinks the contribution he made to football has paved the way for the big-name black players we see in the game today . "  He 's massively important to global football , not just Scottish football , not just British football . He 's one of the first few pioneers . He played international football , he captained the international team and they happened to be the best there was at that time . "  As football spreads across the globe with black players who are now among the best in the world , and you look at the legacy of fantastic Brazilian players like Pele and Garrincha , it really stems back to guys like Watson . "	Andrew Watson was the first black player to play international football He captained Scotland on his debut , a 6-1 win over archrivals England It remains the heaviest home defeat suffered by England Watson was born in British Guiana and the son of a Glasgow merchant
CNN  -- Criminal investigators from the Department of Justice and the Food and Drug Administration were at a Massachusetts pharmaceutical company on Tuesday with a search warrant , a company spokesman said . Federal officials say that more issues have been reported with drugs from the New England Compounding Center , or NECC , which has been linked to a deadly multistate outbreak of fungal meningitis . FDA spokeswoman Erica Jefferson confirmed that criminal investigators were on site , but declined to answer questions regarding a warrant . U.S. Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz similarly said that personnel from her office and law enforcement partners were investigating allegations concerning the company . She added that it was "  entirely premature " to suggest what the results of that investigation may be . Nineteen people have died from the noncontagious meningitis associated with injections of a contaminated steroid produced by the NECC . Are my drugs coming from a compounding center ? Paul Cirel , an attorney for the NECC , said of the investigation Tuesday , "  It is difficult to understand the purpose of this search , since we have been clear that New England Compounding Center would provide , and has provided , anything requested . We 've been clear that warrants were n't needed ; asking would have produced the same result . Nevertheless , we continue to offer our cooperation . " As part of the ongoing investigation into the center , a patient with possible meningitis has been identified who received an injection of another NECC product , triamcinolone acetonide , the Food and Drug Administration said Monday . Also , a fungal infection from Aspergillus was reported in a transplant patient who received cardioplegic solution from NECC , the FDA said . Cardioplegic solution is used to induce paralysis of the heart during open-heart surgery . "  An investigation of this patient is ongoing ; and there may be other explanations for their Aspergillus infection , " the FDA said . The health care facility initially reported two transplant patients having infections from Aspergillus , the FDA said . FDA urges patients to be ` vigilant ' The heart transplant patient received the cardioplegic solution in August , and the patient who received the triamcinolone injection was treated on September 19 -- both before NECC recalled its products , according to an official at the federal Centers for Disease Control , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject . The NECC announced a recall of all its products October 6 . The FDA said "  the sterility of any injectable drugs ... produced by NECC  is  of significant concern , and out of an abundance of caution , patients who received these products should be alerted to the potential risk of infection . " The CDC reported Wednesday the number of meningitis cases increased from 233 to 245 , spread across 15 states . There are two cases of a "  peripheral joint infection " that specifically affects a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow , officials said . The cases have been linked to injections of a contaminated steroid , methylprednisolone acetate , produced by the NECC . Some 14,000 people may have received the injections , the CDC estimated last week . A Minnesota woman , Barbe Puro , filed a lawsuit Thursday -- which may be the first from the outbreak -- against tthe NECC . In it , she alleges she was injected in September with a tainted batch of steroids from the NECC . Meanwhile , members of Congress expanded an investigation into the outbreak . In a letter to the director of the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy , leaders of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce noted the FDA sent the NECC a warning letter in 2006 "  detailing significant violations witnessed " by investigators the previous year . Woman sues over outbreak Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick also accused the NECC last week of misleading regulators and operating outside its license by shipping large batches of drugs nationwide . Plus , the state 's pharmacy board mandated that all Massachusetts compounding pharmacies sign affidavits stating they are complying with state regulations requiring compounders to mix medications for specific patients . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens , such as fungi in this case , according to the CDC . Steroid injections common for back pain sufferers Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , said fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms such as headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . CDC : Tests may not detect meningitis fungus CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Justice , FDA investigators at facility tied to meningitis outbreak The outbreak has been linked to the Massachusetts compounding pharmacy The number of meningitis cases is now up to 245 with 19 deaths , according to the CDC
CNN  -- The 2015 British Open will take place at St Andrews it was confirmed Tuesday , with golf 's oldest major returning to the Scottish course for the 29th time . The venue , known as ` The Home of Golf ' , last held the tournament in 2010 , with South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen claiming a seven-shot victory for his first major triumph . The 2015 tournament will be the 144th edition of the championship and will take place from July 16-19 . "  We are delighted to announce that The Open will be returning to St Andrews and the historic Old Course in 2015 , " Royal and Ancient chief executive Peter Dawson told the European Tour 's official website . "  St Andrews has proved time and again that it is perfectly equipped to host The Open and I am certain we will yet again see a worthy winner lift the Claret Jug . "  Players , spectators and officials alike will welcome a return to the game 's spiritual home and I fully expect that we will witness another thrilling championship . " Some of the sport 's biggest names have lifted the famous Claret Jug trophy at St Andrews , with 14-time major winner Tiger Woods having won at the Fife course in both 2000 and 2005 . Bobby Jones , the American winner of 13 majors including three British Opens , won at the Old Course in 1927 , while more recently the late Seve Ballesteros clinched victory at the venue in 1984 . Bobby Jones : The gentleman who shaped modern golf American Jack Nicklaus , the most successful golfer of all time with 18 major triumphs , won the championship twice at St Andrews , in 1970 and 1978 , and also played the final tournament of his professional career there in 2005 . The 2015 British Open will also boost the country 's economy , with the 2010 tournament bringing $ 62 million into the local economy and providing a $ 156 injection across Scotland . Next year 's tournament will be held at the Royal Lytham and St Annes Golf Club in Lancashire , England between July 19-22 .	The British Open will return to St Andrews in 2015 The 144th tournament will be the 29th to take place at ` The Home of Golf ' Louis Oosthuizen won the Claret Jug when the Open was last played there in 2010
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- As Western powers try to verify claims that the Syrian government used chemical weapons this week in a northeastern suburb of Damascus , the Syrian government is accusing rebel forces of doing the same . State-run television reported Saturday that Syrian armed forces had surrounded Jobar , the opposition-held district on the edge of Damascus that saw some of the 1,300 reported dead in Wednesday 's early morning attack . Several of the soldiers were "  suffocating " from exposure to gases as they entered the city , according to state TV . "  It is believed that the terrorists have used chemical weapons in the area , " Syrian TV reporting , citing anonymous source . The government uses the term "  terrorists " to describe rebel forces . It showed video of a room containing gas masks and gas canisters that the Army said were discovered in a storage facility in Jobar . CNN could not independently confirm the veracity of the claims or the authenticity of the video . Opposition leaders deny involvement in the attack , which they say killed hundreds near the capital . The competing claims surfaced as a White House official told CNN that President Barack Obama was meeting with his national security team to discuss the alleged chemical weapons attack "  Once we ascertain the facts , the president will make an informed decision about how to respond , " the official said on condition of anonymity . "  We have a range of options available , and we are going to act very deliberately so that we 're making decisions consistent with our national interest as well as our assessment of what can advance our objectives in Syria . " In an exclusive interview with CNN that aired Friday , Obama said the United States and United Nations inspectors were gathering information on the attack , but that preliminary signs pointed to a "  big event of grave concern . " "  It is very troublesome , " he said . "  That starts getting to some core national interests that the United States has , both in terms of us making sure that weapons of mass destruction are not proliferating , as well as needing to protect our allies , our bases in the region . " The Syrian government has steadfastly denied its forces used chemical weapons outside Damascus or elsewhere . "  We said it from the first moment and , here , we assure again that we have never used chemical weapons  around Jobar  or any other region in any form whatsoever -- ... liquid , gas or whatever , " Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi said Saturday in an interview with a private Lebanese channel . Al-Zoubi went on to say that , on the contrary , his government is "  quite certain that  the rebels  are the ones using chemical weapons . " The opposition , though , has a Rebel different view . Syrian National Coalition Secretary-General Badr Jamous said Friday that rockets -- some with chemical warheads and others conventional weapons -- had been fired into a heavily populated civilian area . Most of the more than 1,300 reported dead were killed by chemical weapons , said Khaled al-Saleh , a spokesman for the umbrella opposition group . Al-Saleh said that medical teams in the affected area had administered 25,000 shots of atropine -- a medication used to treat people exposed to the nerve gas sarin -- after the attack . Video showed rows of bodies without apparent injury , as well as people suffering convulsions or apparently struggling to breathe . CNN could not verify where or when the videos were recorded , and could not confirm the number of casualties . Adding weight to the assertions that chemical weapons were used was a statement Saturday by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders . Three hospitals -- all supported by the international organization -- in Syria 's Damascus governorate reported having received some 3,600 patients displaying neurotoxic symptoms last Wednesday morning , the statement said . Of them , 355 reportedly died , it said . "  Medical staff working in these facilities provided detailed information to MSF doctors regarding large numbers of patients arriving with symptoms including convulsions , excess saliva , pinpoint pupils , blurred vision and respiratory distress , " said Dr. Bart Janssens , MSF director of operations . Patients were treated using atropine . "  MSF can neither scientifically confirm the cause of these symptoms nor establish who is responsible for the attack , " said Janssens . "  However , the reported symptoms of the patients , in addition to the epidemiological pattern of the events -- characterized by the massive influx of patients in a short period of time , the origin of the patients , and the contamination of medical and first aid workers -- strongly indicate mass exposure to a neurotoxic agent . " How will the world respond ? On Saturday , world leaders weighed their options . A Downing Street spokesperson said UK Prime Minister David Cameron -- who also talked with his Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper -- spoke Saturday to Obama . "  They reiterated that significant use of chemical weapons would merit a serious response from the international community and both have tasked officials to examine all the options , " the spokesperson said . The White House issued a statement on the same conversation , saying the two leaders agreed to "  consult closely regarding this incident , as well as possible responses by the international community to the use of chemical weapons . " If the claims that Syria used chemical weapons prove true , a speedy response will be needed to prevent another such attack , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said . Hagel 's comments Friday came after a senior Defense Department official told CNN that military planners have updated Syrian target lists . And it was disclosed that a fourth U.S. ship armed with cruise missiles has arrived in the eastern Mediterranean Sea . Hagel addressed the issue aboard a military plane headed to Malaysia . "  We will determine at some point here very shortly what did happen , " he said , according to a transcript posted on the Defense Department 's website . "  If , in fact , this was a deliberate use and attack by the Syrian government on its own people using chemical weapons , there may be another attack coming , " Hagel said . "  A very quick assessment of what happened and whatever appropriate response should be made . " Hagel said the American military provided Obama "  with options for all contingencies , and that requires positioning our forces , positioning our assets to be able to carry out different options , whatever options the president might choose . " He did not specify what those options might include . Hagel predicted other nations would lend their support if the investigation finds that the Syrian government used chemical weapons against its people . "  This is an international community issue ; it violates every standard of international behavior , " he said . "  That said , the United States has never given up its own sovereign right to protect its own interests . " The president has said he does not anticipate using ground forces in Syria . Other military options could include airstrikes by fighter jets or cruise missiles . The Navy destroyer USS Ramage has arrived in the region , a defense official said late Friday . It was intended to replace the USS Mahan , but the Mahan will remain temporarily along with the USS Gravelly and USS Barry . All four are equipped with cruise missiles . The president has authorized a limited amount of military hardware for the rebels in addition to logistical and humanitarian assistance . A senior Defense Department official told CNN that options for direct military action include targeting al-Assad 's capability to deliver chemical weapons . Target lists could include government buildings and military installations , the official said , but the military must have flexible plans to target forces and equipment which "  continue to move . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , an advocate for a more forceful U.S. response to the Syrian conflict , has suggested that American air power could take out runways and planes used by al-Assad 's forces that he said are "  dominating the battlefields and the towns and the cities . " McCain also has advocated giving rebels anti-aircraft and anti-missile weapons to establish a no fly zone . But administration officials have cautioned that some Syrian rebel factions have ties to al Qaeda terrorists . Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said this week in a letter to a member of Congress that arming rebels requires "  choosing one among many sides . " "  It is my belief that the side we choose must be ready to promote their interests and ours when the balance shifts in their favor , " Dempsey wrote . "  Today , they are not . " Also Saturday , a top U.N. official arrived in Damascus to press the government to cooperate in the investigation into its alleged use of chemical weapons . Angela Kane , the United Nations high representative for disarmament affairs , has been instructed by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to push the government to cooperate with the U.N. team already on the ground . U.N. inspectors want to reach the site of the alleged chemical weapons attack quickly in order to gather evidence while it is still fresh . Opposition leaders say the reported attack killed more than 1,300 people in a Damascus suburb . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Saturday the inspectors should be granted immediate access to the site "  if the Syrian regime has nothing to hide . " "  All the information available to us converge to say that there has been a chemical massacre in Syria , near Damascus , and to indicate that it is the regime of Bashar al-Assad who is at the origin , " Fabius told reporters after meeting with Palestinian officials in the West Bank city of Ramallah . Earlier , British Foreign Secretary William Hague suggested the delay in granting access was suspicious . "  This is not something that a humane or civilized world can ignore , " Hague said . Our priority is to make sure the world knows the facts of what has happened , and that means the U.N. team that is in Damascus , only 20 minutes away , being able to get there and to investigate . " Rapid access is critical , since any evidence would deteriorate "  over a matter of days , " Hague said . The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Damascus , and CNN 's David Simpson wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Greg Botelho , Saad Abedine and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this story .	NEW : Syrian minister denies government forces used chemical weapons Some 1,300 were reported killed in the early Wednesday attack in Damascus ' outskirts The opposition says that Syrian forces used the nerve gas sarin as a weapon UK prime minister talks with Canadian leader , U.S. president about "  all the options "
CNN  -- UEFA 's decision to fine Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner for revealing a sponsor 's name on his underpants during a Euro 2012 game may have opened a can of worms for football 's European governing body . Bendtner was fined $ 126,000 and banned from playing in Denmark 's next competitive game for flashing his sponsored waistband as he celebrated a goal against Portugal . For Irish bookmaker Paddy Power , who has announced it will pay the fine on Bendtner 's behalf , the hefty fee probably represents good value for the publicity the stunt has gained . Already , Paddy Power has announced on its website that Bendtner was wearing "  lucky pants . " But a leading expert in sports business has warned that any form of "  ambush marketing " has a danger of backfiring . Ronaldo double dumps out Dutch , Danes also exit "  For brands entering into sports sponsorship , it 's all about eyeballs , " said Simon Chadwick , professor in sports business strategy at England 's Coventry University . "  It 's likely Bendtner 's celebration was seen by at least 100 million pairs of eyes worldwide so that represents a very cost-effective piece of sponsorship . "  The beauty of guerrilla sponsorship is not just in the execution but in the potential fallout and publicity that follows . The fact that Bendtner was fined and that we are all talking about it delivers value for money that other traditional methods could not provide . " But there are potential downsides too , Chadwick warns , not least the fact that Bendtner 's fine eclipses the $ 31,000 UEFA fined the Croatian Football Federation for disturbances in their match against the Republic of Ireland . Recap ` Group of Death ' dramatic finale The Russian Football Federation was on Monday fined $ 37,000 after the setting off and throwing fireworks , displaying illicit banners and the invasion of the pitch by a supporter during the Group A match against Poland in Warsaw . That punishment followed a fine of $ 150,000 and a suspended six-point deduction for the improper behavior of Russia 's fans during the match against the Czech Republic . Already , Denmark fans are questioning why their striker has been fined more for flashing his underpants than nations whose fans have been involved in serious crowd disturbances . Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand , left out of England 's squad for the tournament , weighed in on the matter on Twitter , accusing UEFA of not prioritizing tackling racism . "  UEFA are you for real ??? # 80,000 fine for Bendtner for underwear advertising ... all of the racism fines together do n't even add up to that ?! " the 33-year-old said via his official @rioferdy5 account . "  UEFA are not serious ... Platini was a great player but him & his colleagues alienate themselves with exactly this type of rubbish #priorities . "  If racism made money for UEFA like advertising does do you think UEFA would take it as serious ?? #priorities " The Croatian Football Federation is also under investigation into alleged racist chanting by its fans in the match against Italy , and Chadwick warned : "  There is always a danger that people react adversely to a firm involved in ambush marketing and the real danger here is that the sponsor could become embroiled in a potential race row . "  The results of guerrilla marketing can be spectacular , but there is always the danger of becoming embroiled in a much broader agenda . In that sense , it is a bit of a gamble . " As one of Europe 's fastest growing bookmakers , Paddy Power is well versed in what represents a worthwhile gamble . But it was quick to react to the punishment handed out , labeling it : "  A hysterical and deeply cynical move by UEFA dictated by pure commercialism . " Chadwick tweeted in response that those comments could equally have been made by UEFA towards Paddy Power . UEFA 's Control and Disciplinary Body imposed the fine and suspension from the next competitive international match for which Bendtner is eligible , and has given the striker three days to appeal . But it 's not just UEFA that Bendtner has offended by revealing his lucky pants -- Paddy Power 's bookmaker rival Ladbrokes is an official sponsor of the Danish national team . One way or another , the story is unlikely to be over just yet -- and that is either good news or bad for the sponsor , depending on which way you look at it . "  As the reasoned decision concerning the Bendtner case has not been sent to the player yet , we are not in a position to comment on the matter , " said UEFA in a statement . Follow CNN 's Euro 2012 live blog with rolling commentary and live pictures of each day 's games	Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner fined $ 126,000 and banned for one international match Fine follows striker revealing sponsor 's name on waistband of his underpants Stunt means sponsor Paddy Power 's brand exposed to global audience of more than 100 million Sports business expert Professor Simon Chadwick warns "  ambush marketing " can backfire
CNN  -- Football rivalry was put aside in Ukraine on Sunday as one player acted quickly to save the life of one of his opponents . Dinamo Kiev captain Oleh Husyev was left unconscious after colliding with Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk goalkeeper Denis Boyko in the first half of the Ukrainian Premier League match between the two teams . After Husyev hit the ground , Dnipro 's Jaba Kankava was quickly by his side . Kankava pulled open Husyev 's mouth and dislodged his tongue , which had become stuck in his throat . If Kankava had n't acted , Husyev could have choked to death . There 's one thing I can say for sure , " Mykhailo Radutskyi , president of the Borys Clinic where Husyev is being treated , said in a statement , "  the Dnipro player  Jaba Kankava  saved Oleh 's life . "  He acted like a competent emergency paramedic . " Dinamo 's doctor Leonid Myronov confirmed Sunday that Ukraine international Husyev would be kept overnight at the hospital . "  At the hospital Oleh was medically examined , " Myronov said of the 30-year-old . "  He has a closed craniocerebral injury , medium severity concussion , facial soft tissue bruise , big graze on the face , mandibular joint bruise and damage of three teeth . "  He returned to Kiev with the team and was taken to Borys clinic . He 'll be examined here . Oleh will spend the night under the care of doctors and after that we 'll decide how to cure him . "	A player in the Ukrainian Premier League thinks fast to save his opponent Jaba Kankava pulled Oleh Husyev 's tongue out of his throat after he had been knocked unconscious The incident occurred during Sunday 's match between Dinamo Kiev and Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Husyev was kept in hospital overnight after suffering multiple injuries
Montgomery , Alabama  CNN  -- Gabriela Vazquez maneuvers through piles of clothes and toys while trying to control her two small children . "  They never stop , " she says , while pulling a pair of pants from an almost-empty drawer and deciding whether to toss the pants to the "  keep " or "  leave " pile . The decision is not an easy one . Vazquez is attempting to pack five years of her life in the United States into only a handful of bags . "  I crossed over into the U.S. with nothing but my clothes , so I 'm taking nothing , only my clothes and my kids , " she says . Vazquez began packing moments after a federal judge in Birmingham , Alabama , last week allowed most of the state 's controversial law , known as HB56 , against illegal immigration to go into effect . Judge refuses to block law during appeal The law allows police officers to check the legal status of people when suspicions exists , detain them and turn them over to federal authorities . It is described by both its supporters and its opponents as the strictest state immigration law in the nation . Law 's enactment spooks immigrants "  We expected the judge to rule like the other judges who blocked the laws in Arizona and Georgia , " Vazquez says , referring to similar anti-illegal immigration laws approved in those states , with federal judges subsequently blocking the more severe parts of those bills . "  Now , they can take me away from my children anytime , " Vazquez says . Her journey began five years ago when she and her husband left the Mexican state of MIchoacan and headed north in search of jobs . "  In Mexico , it is hard to find a job . I 'm 35 years old , and the ads seeking help say they want people between the ages of 18 and 35 , " Vazquez says . "  It was n't easy coming over . We left our parents , our siblings , our family , and they did n't know what was going to happen to us . " The couple entered the United States illegally and headed for Montgomery , where they had relatives . They first rented a room in a mobile home with other families until they found jobs . Vazquez 's husband , Marco , became a carpet installer while she jumped from job to job in restaurants , hotels and grocery stores . Deportations will set record in 2011 , Napolitano says They managed to save enough to move into their own place . Along the way , she gave birth to a boy , now 4 years old , and a girl , now 2 . "  I was not planning on having kids , but here they are , " Vazquez says with a smile . A year ago they bought a mobile home that they renovated themselves . Vazquez proudly shows pictures of the transformation of the dwelling , and points out the kitchen cabinets she sanded and repainted . She also brags about her husband 's work replacing the floor and walls , and the brand-new electric range the couple bought after the old gas one that came with the mobile home exploded during the renovation . "  There was a small leak and the thing just blew up , " she says . The final product is a two-bedroom house fully furnished for a family of four . A large wrap-around sofa fills the living room in front of an old model big-screen TV set . A desktop computer sits on a breakfast bar that divides the living room from the kitchen , where a glass table for six can be found . All those belongings will be left behind unless they find a buyer soon . Vazquez apologizes for the mess she says is caused by her efforts to pack as soon as possible . The freshly painted walls have few pictures on them but the nails where many portraits hung a few days ago are still visible . When her husband arrives from work , the two kids are happy to see their father , especially the little girl , who does n't want to leave her mother 's side . Marco Vazquez is a reluctant participant in his wife 's plan , which calls for her to return to Mexico with the kids while he stays behind to try to sell their belongings before he joins them . He would prefer to have his family wait so they can all leave at the same time . "  I ask her to stay just long enough so we can save the money to take the truck back to Mexico , but she has made up her mind , " he says . Gabriela Vazquez hangs up the phone . She has been talking with her mother in Michoacan , who is already planning for her return . In a matter of minutes she warms corn tortillas on the stove and makes her husband some tacos filled with cochinita pibil -- shredded pork in a red chili sauce typical of southern Mexico . The little boy comes asking if they can watch a movie . He wants to see "  Finding Nemo , " but his mother convinces him to watch something else . "  Nemo " is already packed away , but she does n't want to tell him that . "  It is hard , " she says . "  I 've been crying all weekend long and he cried when he saw me . He asks , ` Why do we have to go , why am I not going to school anymore ? ' " She decided to pull her son out of pre-kindergarten the same day HB56 went onto effect . Her fear was that she would be arrested while he was in school and authorities would turn him over to child-support services . She says the African-American teacher cried when she told her they were leaving , "  I held back tears as she told me about the struggles the black community had fought in this same state , " she says . And she is not the only one to take her kids out of school . According to the Alabama secretary of education , more than 2,000 Hispanic children have skipped school since the law went into effect . By nightfall , Marco Vazquez is playing outside with the kids . A friend arrives and Marco offers him a room to stay once his wife leaves . The man agrees but says he can only pay $ 50 a month -- that is , if he can keep his job . Marco agrees and turns his attention back to the kids . His wife comes out with two bags full of clothes and tosses them in the back of the pickup truck , telling her husband to give them away . He takes a look and sees clothes the kids wore just a few days ago . He also finds a bag full of toys and a couple of strollers . "  Those were expensive , " he says . Gabriela Vazquez shrugs and goes back inside to continue packing for the trip .	Gabriela Vazquez and her husband entered the U.S. illegally five years ago They found jobs , had two children and made a home in Montgomery Now , they are hurriedly packing to return to Mexico With new state law , "  They can take me away from my children anytime , " she says
EW.com  -- Anyone wanting to get a glimpse of the abhorrent behavior in the "  Big Brother " house this week needs to seek out fansites . Wednesday 's telecast made no mention of the racist and homophobic behavior that was uttered by several house guests on the 24/7 Internet feed . ` Big Brother ' : GinaMarie loses her job over racist comments The only reference was a comment by host Julie Chen , who said "  emotions are running high and people are starting to show their true colors . " ` Big Brother ' racism : Modeling agency dumps housemate Though word of the loathsome behavior has spread like wild fire â $ " two organizations that employ houseguests GinaMarie Zimmerman and Aaryn Gries have already announced they were terminating the young women for their comments â $ " the show decided on Wednesday to steer clear of the subject . The next episode of Big Brother airs on Sunday . ` Big Brother ' on racist houseguests : ` We do n't condone it ' One of this year 's twists involves the audience picking a weekly most valuable player . Many fans are questioning whether the award will be fair and well-deserved  especially given the recent bad behavior  , if it 's based only on what viewers see in prime time and not on the Internet feeds . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The July 3 "  Big Brother " did n't mention some contestants ' racist , homophobic comments The only reference was the host 's remark , "  people are starting to show their true colors " The abhorrent behavior has been displayed on the 24/7 Internet feed Two houseguests have faced consequences
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. airstrikes have killed two top-level and one mid-level ISIS leader , a senior U.S. military official tells CNN . Haji Mutazz was Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's deputy in Iraq ; Abd al Basit was his military emir in Iraq ; and Radwan Talib was his Mosul emir . Their deaths resulted from multiple strikes going back to mid-November -- it has taken until now to determine conclusively they were killed . Obama says U.S. ` hammering ' ISIS "  I can confirm that since mid-November , targeted coalition airstrikes successfully killed multiple senior and mid-level leaders within the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , " said Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby , in a statement on Thursday . "  We believe that the loss of these key leaders degrades ISIL 's ability to command and control current operations against Iraqi Security Forces , including Kurdish and other local forces in Iraq , " he said . News of the killings was first disclosed by Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey in an interview with the Wall Street Journal . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS In addition , President Barack Obama signed deployment orders yesterday for 1,300 troops to Iraq . This is the lion 's share of the 1,500 additional troops he authorized last month . By February , the U.S. will have roughly 3,000 U.S. troops on the ground . The U.S. troops are also going further afield than they previously were : There are now nearly 300 U.S. forces at Al Asad base in Anbar province , up from just 50 earlier this month . The U.S. military is following through on announced plans to deploy these military advisers and trainers outside of Baghdad and Erbil .	U.S. airstrikes have killed three high-level ISIS leaders The killings had been suspected but finally confirmed on Thursday
CNN  -- A right-wing historian and author killed himself inside the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris Tuesday in front of horrified tourists , police said . About 1,500 people at the cathedral were evacuated , CNN affiliate BFM reported . The site is one of the world 's most prominent churches and a huge tourist attraction in the French capital . BFM identified the man as Dominique Venner , 78 . Le Monde newspaper quoted a rector at the cathedral , who said the man placed a letter on the altar and then shot himself On his blog , Venner has lashed out against same-sex marriage and what he called a future Islamist takeover of France . In a post published Tuesday , he wrote , "  The essence of a man is in his existence and not in another world . It 's here and now that you have to play out your destiny until the last second . And this last second has as much importance as the rest of the life . " In the blog , Venner voiced his support for those expected to take part in a massive demonstration in Paris May 26 against same-sex marriage . But he said their fight should not be limited to that issue , and they must also denounce what he predicted would be the replacement of the French and European population with Muslims . "  There certainly have to be new actions , spectacular and symbolic , to shake up the sleepiness , to shake the numbed consciences and wake up the memory of our origins , " the blog said . "  We 're entering into a time when words must be authenticated by actions . " Right-wing politician Marine Le Pen tweeted about her "  respect " for him . His "  last gesture , which was highly political , was to try to wake up the people of France , " she wrote . Some took to Twitter to slam Le Pen for the remark . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A man committed suicide in the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris , police say The site was evacuated The man , identified as Dominique Venner , regularly lashed out against same-sex marriage and Islamists Right-wing politician Marine Le Pen expressed respect for him
CNN  -- A former high school teacher in Freeland , Michigan , has been arraigned in two counties on 29 counts of sexual misconduct with an underage student , a Midland County prosecutor said Wednesday . Marcie Rousseau , a 33-year-old married mother of two , is accused of having sex with a then-16-year-old student from May 2009 to February , according to prosecutor Angelina Scarpelli . There could be two other alleged victims dating back to 2002 , Scarpelli told HLN 's "  Prime News . " Rousseau was placed on administrative leave February 16 while police investigated the allegations . She officially resigned from her teaching job at Freeland High School on June 16 , Scarpelli said . She was arraigned Monday in Saginaw County on 21 counts of criminal sexual conduct , and in Midland County on Tuesday on eight counts of criminal sexual conduct , Scarpelli said . Rousseau picked the boy up in her car and drove across county lines to have sex with him , Scarpelli said . Rousseau entered not guilty pleas to the charges this week , Scarpelli said . Rousseau , who was released on bond Tuesday , is the latest in a spate of recent highly publicized cases of teachers accused of having sex with students . Broward County , Florida , teacher Kristen Sullivan , 25 , was arrested April 20 for allegedly having sex with a 14-year-old student , and Tampa , Florida , teacher Stephanie Ragusa was sentenced Monday to 10 years in prison for sexual relationships with two underage students in 2008 . "  We 're finally realizing not only that sexual assault exists and how prevalent it is , but there is such a thing as a female perpetrator , " Robin Sax , a former prosecutor and author of "  Predators and Molesters , " told "  Prime News . " CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Marcie Rousseau accused of relationship with 16-year-old student She has pleaded not guilty to 29 counts of criminal sexual conduct Rousseau is a 33-year-old married mother of two
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Mel Gibson will not have an acting role in a movie about Jewish historical icon Judah Maccabee , although he may direct the film , Gibson 's representative said Friday . The possibility of Gibson 's involvement in the Warner Bros. . Studios production brought harsh reactions from some Jewish leaders in the United States , including Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . "  I think it 's , quite frankly , preposterous , " Hier told CNN on Friday . "  Judah Maccabee is one of the greatest heroes in Jewish history . Mel Gibson is an anti-Semite . He has made anti-Semitic remarks in the past . I do n't know what Warner Bros. was thinking . " Maccabee was a Judean priest who commanded the Judean resistance to Greek forces around 165 BC . "  Casting him as a director or star of Judah Maccabee is like casting Bernie Madoff to be the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission , " Hier said . Gibson 's representative , in an email exchange with CNN on Friday , said , "  There are no plans at this stage for Mel to be in the film . " The rep asked not to be identified . "  He is way too old to play the lead character , " his rep said . "  The  finished script will determine whether he directs or not but the studio would obviously prefer he direct than not . It 's an amazing story that should be told cinematically . " Gibson 's rep pointed to his work on "  Braveheart , " "  Passion of the Christ " and "  Apocalypto " as "  all great stories that translate beautifully on the big screen with such a visual filmmaker as Gibson . " Hier disagreed , saying that "  The Passion of the Christ , " which Gibson produced and directed , depicted every Jew , with the exception of Jesus , as a "  tyrant , buffoon , or an idiot . " Hier alluded to Gibson 's infamous rant after his arrest on a drunken driving charge in 2006 . The sheriff 's arrest report said the actor asked the deputy if he was a Jew and said , "  F -- ing Jews . The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world . " "  My anger with Mel Gibson is he has never made efforts to fix his past mistakes , " Hier said . He said he would have no problem with Gibson becoming involved in a Maccabee movie if he had made amends for what he did . "  They do have the freedom of expression , which we all welcome , do n't we ? " Gibson 's representative said in response to the criticism . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and Matthew Carey contributed to this report	Gibson is working on a film about Jewish icon Judah Maccabee , his rep says It 's like casting Bernie Madoff to be the SEC chief , Rabbi Marvin Hier says "  Mel Gibson is an anti-Semite , " Hier says "  They do have the freedom of expression , " Gibson rep says of critics
San Diego  CNN  -- Hannah Anderson , the California teenager whose abduction triggered a manhunt across the West , has survived "  a tremendous , horrific ordeal " and faces a slow healing process , her father said Monday . "  I am very proud of her and I love her very much , " Brett Anderson said . "  She is surrounded by the love of her family , friends and community . " But authorities kept the detail of that horrific ordeal close to the vest Monday , two days after the man accused of abducting Hannah and killing her mother and brother was killed by an FBI agent . The 16-year-old was found alive after a frantic , week-long search that stretched from southern California to the wilderness of central Idaho , more than 1,000 miles away , where she was found at a campsite by a mountain lake . At a news conference in San Diego , Brett Anderson thanked investigators as well as reporters and social media users who spread the story "  across and beyond " the United States . How to help Hannah Anderson "  Have no doubt that this did make a difference , " he said . But he said it was time "  for us to grieve and move on to the healing process , " and he pleaded for the "  respect and time " needed for that to happen . Hannah 's ordeal came to an end after a tip from horseback riders sent FBI agents swarming to a camping spot outside Cascade , Idaho . James DiMaggio , the man investigators had sought in her disappearance , was shot in a confrontation with an FBI tactical agent . Hannah told authorities that DiMaggio fired at least once before being shot , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said . "  Obviously we would have liked for Mr. DiMaggio to surrender and face justice in the court of law , " Gore said . "  But that 's not going to be the case . " Hannah did not appear to have significant physical injuries and was reunited with her father Sunday . She was unaware that her mother and brother were dead until after DiMaggio was killed , when she was told of their killings by FBI interviewers , Gore said . Gore would discuss no details of Hannah 's abduction except to say she was under "  extreme duress " the entire time . He said the investigation is still going on , but cautioned , "  We might never know some of these answers . " "  When you get a completely irrational act like we 've seen here , with two murders and a kidnapping , sometimes you 're not going to come up with a rational explanation of what happened , " he said . Grief to euphoria : Teen rescued , suspect killed ` Uncle Jim ' and his interest in Hannah DiMaggio 's friendship with the Anderson family had been long and close , predating Hannah 's birth . Hannah referred to him as "  Uncle Jim . " But there were some signs that DiMaggio was infatuated with Hannah and signs he was trying to lure the family to his home in rural San Diego County , near the Mexican border , her grandparents said . The signs were subtle , according to grandparents Ralph and Sara Britt , also of San Diego . "  He seemed to enjoy being with Hannah and her friends ... more and more , " Ralph Britt said , shaking his head . "  But he 's been with the kids for years . " "  There was no danger sign , nothing that you would act on , say it was wrong , " he said . "  It was just friendly . " But a friend of Hannah 's said she saw a different side to the relationship between DiMaggio and the teen . Marissa Chavez told CNN that she was in a car with Hannah and DiMaggio , 40 , a few months ago when he told Hannah he had a crush on her . Suspect 's father once held teen at gunpoint He followed it up by saying if he was her age , he would date Hannah , Chavez said . Hannah was unnerved by the comments , but did not tell her mother because she did not want to ruin the close relationship that her parents had with DiMaggio , Chavez said . But Hannah did not want to be alone with DiMaggio after that , according to Chavez . "  I do n't think she would have gone willingly with him at all , " she said . In an earlier episode , Chavez recalled a trip that DiMaggio and Hannah took to Hollywood . The trip was supposed to be for one week , but Hannah told Chavez that they came back after two days because DiMaggio was upset that she was n't paying enough attention to him . ` You ca n't really tell the book by its cover ' Sara Britt said DiMaggio would have done anything for them and they would have returned the favor . "  My message is to parents : Just be more aware , more conscious of what 's going on , " Britt said . "  Life gets busy , but take the time . If anything , learn something from this and that is just to be more aware for your children . " Ralph Britt added : "  I guess you ca n't really tell the book by its cover , " he said . "  It was just complete shock . We did n't have any idea . I do n't know what you would look for . " In the weeks before DiMaggio 's home in rural San Diego County went up in flames , he pleaded for the Andersons to visit him one last time . He had lost the home to foreclosure and said he was moving back to Texas . "  We feel it was planned at this point based on the information that 's out there , " said Sara Britt . "  It 's so unfortunate . Apparently he tried to get her up there before , but she could n't go and so ... she went , took the dog and the kids . " Hannah went missing after cheerleading practice on August 3 . The next day , the bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , 42 , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found about 45 miles east of San Diego , in DiMaggio 's burned house in Boulevard . The body of a dog was also recovered , police said . The horror spurred an Amber Alert and a manhunt , which zeroed in the Idaho highlands after DiMaggio 's blue Nissan Versa was found outside Cascade . Then there was a sighting of the pair by horseback riders , who considered them poorly equipped for the environment . ` Red flags ' Mark John , one of those riders , said Sunday that they saw multiple "  red flags " during their brief encounter , including the brand-new camping equipment they carried and the pajama-like bottoms Hannah was wearing . It was "  just like a square peg going into a round hole , " John said . "  They did n't fit . " Another rider , Mike Young , said it looked like Hannah "  had a scared look on her face , " adding about DiMaggio : "  I just had a gut feeling about him . " Unaware of the Amber Alert , however , the horseback riders continued on , and only after seeing a news report on the pair upon returning home did the group put the puzzle pieces together . "  When I seen that picture on the screen , I told my wife , I said , ` That is the girl that was up on that mountain , ' " John recalled . Hundreds of law enforcement agents started to scour 300 square miles of rough terrain -- dense forests , steep valleys and peaks over 8,000 feet -- hampered by the smoke from nearby wildfires . Key moments in the manhunt Late Saturday afternoon , they spotted the pair 's campsite near Morehead Lake , about 30 miles from Cascade . But the topography was so steep , helicopters had to drop authorities off far away from the camp . Hostage rescue teams had to hike more than two hours to get to the scene , local sheriffs ' departments said . They moved in carefully so they would n't alert DiMaggio that they were coming . They moved in after DiMaggio and the girl were separated , unshering Hannah to an area where a helicopter could whisk her away . At some point , a "  confrontation " ensued between authorities and DiMaggio , Gore said . The confrontation ended when an FBI tactical agent shot and killed the murder and kidnapping suspect . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Holly Yan , Gregg Canes , Miguel Marquez , AnneClaire Stapleton , Mariano Castillo and Alicia Eakin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We might never know some of these answers , " sheriff says 16-year-old Hannah Anderson is reunited with her father after rescue in Idaho Her accused captor fired at least one shot before being killed by authorities , sheriff says "  They did n't fit , " a horseback rider says of seeing Hannah , alleged abductor
CNN  -- Authorities have obtained a search warrant for the home where a missing 11-month-old Missouri girl was reportedly last seen , Kansas City police said Tuesday . The warrant allows investigators to comb the house in the coming days and also bars the family of Lisa Irwin from returning home . A patrol car has been posted outside . Lisa was reported missing at 4 a.m. October 4 , after Lisa 's father , Jeremy Irwin , came home from work to find the door unlocked , lights on and a window that had been tampered with . Lisa 's mother , Deborah Bradley , said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. the night before . The developments came as a potentially promising lead in the case turned out to be a false alarm . The Riley County Police Department received a report Tuesday that "  Baby Lisa " may have been sighted in Manhattan , Kansas -- more 100 miles west of Kansas City . A baby with two "  suspicious " looking women were reportedly seen in a local deli . Authorities were able to "  confirm that the child seen was not the child missing from Kansas City , " police said . Earlier in the week , Bradley said in an NBC interview she was drunk the night the infant disappeared and that she had last seen the baby about four hours earlier than initially reported . Bradley told NBC she is afraid she will be arrested . Police have accused her of killing Lisa , she said , and told her that she failed a lie detector test . "  I was the last one with her , " a tearful Bradley said in the interview . "  And from judging on how the questioning went , that 's kind of a fear that I have . And the main fear with that is , if they arrest me , people are going to stop looking for her . And then I 'll never see her again , and I 'll never know what happened . " Asked how much she had been drinking that night , Bradley said , "  enough to be drunk . " But she rejected the notion that she could have harmed her daughter while under the influence of alcohol . "  No , no , no , " she told NBC . "  And if I thought there was a chance , I 'd say it . No . No . I do n't think alcohol changes a person enough to do something like that . " Asked whether he had questions about Bradley , Jeremy Irwin told NBC , "  No . There 's no question to be had there . I know who she is . I know the kind of mother she is . " Irwin said it 's possible someone could have entered the house without Bradley hearing , as the couple 's bedroom is on the opposite corner of the house from Lisa 's room and Bradley sleeps with a fan at high speed . Lisa is described as being 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , according to police . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh , police said . At the time of her disappearance , she had a cold with a cough . CNN 's Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	"  Baby Lisa " is reported missing on October 4 A reported sighting turns out to be a false alarm Police get a warrant to search the home where the baby lived The baby is 30 inches tall , has blonde hair and blue eyes
CNN  -- In late May 2011 , Mitt Romney made his first campaign jaunt to South Carolina , a primary state that bedeviled him during his first presidential campaign and would prove just as vexing in his second . Romney 's difficulties with the conservative base are now well-documented . But among his many problems on the right , immigration was n't one of them . On that May afternoon in South Carolina , Romney , his sleeves rolled up and shirt tucked neatly into bluejeans , came prepared to answer a range of tough questions . He delivered a defense of his health care law and equivocated on a controversial Medicare plan being debated in Congress . He did n't expect to have to talk about immigration , But one activist who felt like a party crasher in the small , hand-picked audience wanted to know if Romney backed amnesty for "  illegals . " Romney said no , matter-of-factly outlined his positions , and the voter departed seeming satisfied . The point is this : Even if immigration fails to register as a top issue in the polls -- only 3 % of Americans called it the country 's "  most important problem " in a recent Gallup survey -- the topic continues to burn white hot as a litmus test among a passionate and vocal slice of the GOP primary electorate . Opinion : Big surprise ahead on immigration Even when immigration reform is not on the calendar in Congress -- and it was n't during the 2012 campaign -- it routinely bubbles up in Republican primary campaigns , popping up in town hall meetings , on talk radio and online . And it 's not just the dreaded "  comprehensive " immigration reform effort that roils grassroots activists ; for a defiant portion of the GOP base  looking at you , Steve King  , any kind of reform is non-negotiable . Despite efforts by top Republicans in Washington to improve the party 's miserable image among Hispanic voters , not much has changed since the 2012 primary campaign , when GOP voters tore down Texas Gov. Rick Perry for telling a debate audience that they did n't "  have a heart " if they opposed in-state college tuition for young illegal immigrants . Undocumented immigrant lawyer speaks out A sweeping Senate immigration bill is stalled in the House , effectively dead and nailed into its coffin by its own Republican co-sponsor , Sen. Marco Rubio , who now opposes it . House Speaker John Boehner says he is open to passing a series of smaller fixes . At the same time , numerous elected GOP officials made intemperate comments about Hispanic immigrants . This is the party that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who will ceremonially sign a New Jersey version of the DREAM Act this week , must face if he decides to seek the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . And at first glance , his support for the bill , which allows undocumented immigrants who have attended New Jersey high schools for three years to pay in-state college tuition rates , is problematic . Christie reaches immigration deal with New Jersey Democrats Having won re-election last November with a majority of Hispanic voters , Christie 's support for the so-called tuition equality bill is another notch in his belt as he cultivates an image as a Republican who can appeal to independent voters and nontraditional constituencies . He is , his supporters believe , a GOP candidate who can actually win a national election . But in the hothouse context of a Republican primary , which he must win to get to a national election , signing the tuition bill seems like yet another example of Christie unfurling a giant middle finger to the very voters whose support he will need once the presidential race begins in earnest this November . The biggest sin conservatives point to when discussing Christie is symbolic : his arm-in-arm tour of the New Jersey coastline with President Obama after Hurricane Sandy , lending the president a veneer of bipartisan street cred just days before the 2012 presidential election . There are other apostasies : Gun control measures signed in Trenton , a gushing buddy-buddy appearance with Bill Clinton at a policy conference in Chicago last summer , and his spirited defense of the country 's surveillance and drone efforts , a position that rankles libertarians . Brandon Patterson , a 23-year-old student at the Pat Roberston-founded Regent University in Virginia , summed up the prevailing conservative attitude toward Christie at last summer 's Faith and Freedom Coalition conference in Washington . "  He is not very popular here , " Patterson said . "  Nobody is excited to support him at all . Nobody that I know of . He 's a moderate . " Talk to any strategist backing his potential GOP opponents , and you 'll hear a similar take on Christie 's decision to sign the DREAM Act : Supporting tuition breaks for illegal immigrants burnishes his reputation with the Amtrak corridor pundit class , but it cements Christie 's status as persona non grata at the Pizza Ranches of western Iowa and diners of New Hampshire . "  This amnesty bill is just another in a really , really long list of reasons why Republican primary voters do n't trust Christie , " said a national GOP operative working for a likely 2016 rival . "  From guns , to Sandy spending , to hugging Obama , he 'll have a tough time winning any early state primaries . Unless , of course , ` Morning Joe ' holds an early state Republican primary that I 'm unaware of . " But there 's another way to look at it : The conservatives who despise Christie for signing the tuition bill probably would n't support him anyway . They might not like him , but he does n't need them , either Let those conservatives flock to Ted Cruz and Rand Paul and Rick Santorum . The silent plurality of Republican primary voters -- the blue hairs , the country clubbers , the Rotarians -- do n't garner the kind of media attention ginned up by tea party groups and outspoken pastors , but they vote . After all , Mitt Romney , that squishy scion of the hated "  establishment , " lost the Iowa caucuses by only 34 votes . And whatever failings Christie may have , few dispute that he has natural political talents and a rapport with voters that Romney never had . Reid says Boehner will compromise on immigration reform The dynamics of the 2012 race were different than they will be in 2016 ; a fiscal conservative like Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker could clog Christie 's lane in the business community . But early state operatives sympathetic to Christie are hopeful that there will be even more space in 2016 for a candidate who wants the party to expand its popular appeal . Tim Albrecht , a Republican operative in Iowa and former adviser to Gov. Terry Branstad , pointed out that the Iowa House passed a version of the DREAM Act way back in 2004 .  The bill , however , did not become law . "  Led by a Republican majority , the Iowa House unanimously passed the Dream Act in 2004 , " Albrecht said in an e-mail . "  Iowa has been ahead of the curve on this issue , and Republicans value fairness . While there will be a vocal minority speaking out against immigration reform , a majority of Republicans and caucus-goers will not take issue with Gov. Christie 's position on the DREAM Act , and in growing circles it will gain him support . " And for those without long memories , one only needs to look back to 2008 to find a Republican candidate who bucked the party faithful on a range of issues , including immigration , and won the presidential nomination . John McCain ran for president while the immigration overhaul he backed was collapsing in Congress . His campaign fell apart in the process , but McCain recovered and mounted a remarkable comeback , facing questions about immigration all the while . In a crowded Republican field , he even won South Carolina , that conservative bastion , by courting the party establishment and cobbling together a coalition of coastal newcomers , moderate suburbanites and national security hawks in a state loaded with military families and veterans . Ever since the Barry Goldwater wipeout of 1964 , no Republican candidate has won the Republican nomination without having at least one foot planted firmly on the establishment side of the party divide . This is the bet Christie is making , so do n't expect him to back away from signing the tuition bill , or any of piece of legislation , once he makes his barely concealed presidential campaign official . As long as Christie is up front about where he stands , his positions may not hurt him as much as the right claims , said Robert Cahaly , a longtime Republican operative in South Carolina . "  It 's running over a political speed bump , not into a brick wall , " Cahaly said of Christie 's support for the tuition bill . "  He 's got to do what he thinks is right and not apologize for it . Sort of his schtick . " "  Now is as good a time as any to get it out of the way , " Cahaly said . "  It 's kind of like that fight you 've got to have with your bother over that lawnmower he wrecked . Do n't put it off all summer . It 's better for the Thanksgiving table . South Carolina GOP voters have forgiven and forgotten much more . Ask John McCain . "	Immigration reform remains a litmus test among GOP primary voters Possible 2016 candidate Chris Christie will sign New Jersey 's version of the DREAM Act Bill allows undocumented immigrants who attended high school to pay in-state rate GOP operative says as long as Christie is up front about his position , it might not hurt him
CNN  -- Oil coming ashore on the Gulf Coast has tourists keeping a close eye on conditions . States and visitors bureaus are working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Most of Florida 's beaches have not been affected by the oil disaster , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . "  There have been no reports of Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill-related oil products reaching the shore beyond the Northwest Florida region , " Visit Florida 's website said . The state has not closed any beaches . "  Florida 's 825 miles of beaches , 1,260 miles of coastline and 14 seaports , including cruise ships , remain open for business , " the site said . iReport : Track the oil disaster Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida The Emerald Coast area , which includes Destin , Fort Walton Beach and Okaloosa Island , is urging travelers to visit . "  Our white-sand beaches remain open and our emerald-green waters remain clear . In addition , offshore fishing is still going strong , with captains simply taking a more easterly course and reporting great success out on the water , " the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau 's website said . Destin Mayor Sarah "  Sam " Seevers told CNN a few , small tar balls came ashore this week but added that spotting occasional tar balls on the beach there is not unusual . "  We may go five years and not see any tar balls , and then we 'll see a few . That 's just a way of life on the Gulf of Mexico , Seevers said . The water at Pensacola Beach is open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . Gulf Islands National Seashore The National Park Service reported heavier oiling at Perdido Key earlier in the week . The area is part of the Florida portion of Gulf Islands National Seashore . All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are located in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the park service 's website said . A health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the Pensacola Bay Area visitors bureau said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . More than 140 people participated in cleanup on Perdido Key , according to the park service . Undetonated military ordinance was found onshore during the cleanup , the service 's website said . A naval explosives disposal team reportedly detonated the shell . Crews of 40 participated in cleanup of light oiling at Fort Pickens and Navarre Beach , the park service 's site said . The visitors bureau urges beachgoers to take precautions . "  According to -LSB- the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -RSB- , tar balls do not pose a health risk to the average person , but visitors are advised not to pick them up . " Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama BP has purchased 10 additional beach-raking machines for more efficient cleanup at the urging of officials in Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau website said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has extended an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou or Old River . The beaches remain open . Perdido Pass , the main water access point to the town of Orange Beach , is closed to recreational boats for incoming tides . Boats may navigate the pass during outgoing tides , the visitors bureau site said . The pier at Gulf State Park in Gulf Shores is closed to fishing but open for sightseeing , according to the visitors bureau . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . iReport from Grand Terre Island , Louisiana "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said . iReport from Grand Isle	Health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Visitors advised not to swim in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Pensacola Beach , Florida , waters open for swimming and fishing
CNN  -- It was Tuesday evening when I happened upon a popular Fark.com link to a story on The Consumerist website praising the record-breaking success of Doritos Locos Tacos at Taco Bell , which has now sold more than 100 million crunchy , nacho-cheesy bundles of love . One hundred million ! Think about it . At about 6 inches long , if you stacked each of these 100 million tacos lengthwise from end to end , you would be ... doing something very pointless . Now , for those of you who have n't actually seen a Doritos Locos Taco in person  i.e. productive citizens who do n't drink past 2:30 in the morning  they 're just what they sound like . Tacos ... wrapped in shells ... made from giant Doritos . It 's amazing ! It 's culinary Xanadu ! It 's as if Taco Bell 's marketing executives were poking around in my dreams . Note : I dream about Doritos and tacos . And lately there 's also been a lot of gnomes . Things are weird at home . As I write this , it 's 10:13 a.m. on Wednesday . Early as it may be , I feel I ca n't properly do this column justice without having at least one of these tacos in front of me , allowing partially hydrogenated soybean oil to be my muse .  Which is a slight departure from the 4,000 ounces of Diet Coke I usually look to for inspiration . So , you all hang tight . I 'm heading downstairs to the food court and putting you on hold for a moment .  click Do you believe in life after love ? I can feel something inside me say I really do n't think you 're strong enough . click  I 'm back and I am so sorry for that . It 's the only radio station we get here . But it could be worse , I once dropped five dollars in a jukebox , played Cher 's "  Believe " on repeat with all my credits , and walked out . It 's probably the meanest thing I 've ever done in my entire life . So , overall , I do n't think I 'm such a bad guy . Useless to society , yes . Otherwise , mostly harmless . Apparently This Matters : $ 1,300 HDMI cables But let 's get back to these tacos . The Consumerist cites an article by Nancy Luna in the Orange County Register that says this has been the "  most successful product launch in Taco Bell 's 50-year history . " The article then quotes a Taco Bell spokesman who says the Crunchwrap has finally been "  dethroned . " Which is more than a little unsettling . Look , I 'm just saying , if you represent Taco Bell , perhaps using the word "  throne " is n't the smartest idea . Nevertheless , I 'm proud to say that I am one of the millions who have helped the Doritos Locos Tacos become absolute world-beaters . I do n't love them , but I do love the idea . It screams "  America ! " as I proudly shed a single red , white and blue teardrop . It 's also possible that I have eye-herpes . Is that a thing ? Anyway , I spent some time on the Taco Bell website today , mostly because it was a nice departure from doing actual work , and learned that they recommend you eat one of these with a Classic Limeade Sparkler . Someone received payment for pondering this pairing , and I 'm sort of bummed that it was n't me . Thus , I have to ask : How does one become the official Taco Bell sommelier ? "  Hi , Jim . Thanks for coming in . Tell us , what makes you uniquely qualified for this position ? " "  The ability to point at things on your menu . " One hundred million tacos or not , sentiments on the Fark comment section for this link seemed to generally agree that , after about ten weeks of being in stores , Doritos Locos Tacos get an overall grade of : Meh . User Wade_Wilson wrote : Tried one . Do n't see what all the fuss is about . Barely even tasted the Dorito . VideoGamePlaya agrees : I have eaten 8 of those loco tacos and they aint all that . if i am goin Mexican i prefer chipotle . And when Mexicans are going Mexican , they prefer ... actual Mexican . But might I also suggest a 2012 Classic Limeade Sparkler ?	CNN 's Jarrett Bellini deciphers the online fuss over Doritos Locos Tacos More than 100 million Doritos Locos Tacos have been sold Doritos Locos Tacos could "  dethrone " the Crunchwrap Taco Bell recommends a Classic Limeade Sparkler with the meal
CNN  -- It began with the self-immolation of an unemployed college graduate in Tunisia . Now , newfound people power in the Middle East and North Africa is spreading fast . Bolstered by the toppling of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt , popular uprising has now taken root in a part of the world where it has not been a part of the trajectory of change . On Tuesday , the birthday of the Prophet Mohammed , parts of the Muslim world were on fire , the people clamoring for change . Fierce demonstrations erupted in Bahrain , where people have organized themselves through social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter , the same forums used by their Egyptian and Tunisian counterparts . Human rights activists said Bahrainis initially demanded reform , but some are now calling for the removal of the royal family . In Yemen , pro- and anti-government protesters clashed for a fifth day in the capital city of Sanaa . "  This is against the Yemeni constitution , and people have the right to peacefully protest , " said human rights activist Abdel Rahman Barman . And , as Cairo 's Tahrir Square slowly emptied , Tehran 's Azadi Square swelled with people . Both names mean freedom and despite a security crackdown , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched in the Iranian capital Monday . Algeria , Jordan and Syria have also been a part of the domino effect . "  We really are facing a tsunami in Arab politics , " said Bruce Riedel , senior fellow for foreign policy at Brookings ' Saban Center for Middle East Policy . "  I do n't think there is any country -- except the very small and very rich and oil-rich countries like Qatar and Abu Dhabi -- that is immune , " Riedel said . "  All of these countries have the potential for unrest in a way they 've never had it before . " If only Mohammed Bouazizi , the 26-year-old unemployed man who was beaten by police and then set himself on fire , had lived to see what he began . But Bouazizi died in January , a catalyst for the events that unfolded rapidly after his death . Tunisian dictator Zine El Abedine Ben Ali fell on January 14 and fled the country . Just days later , Egyptians began massing at Tahrir Square . After 18 short days , Mubarak was gone , as abruptly as he had risen to power three decades ago . "  The yearning for change has been there for at least a decade , if not more , but it took the events in Tunisia and now Egypt to break the barrier of fear that people had , " Riedel said . "  Fear that the army would shoot them , fear that the army would crack down on them . What it did was it broke that barrier of fear . " The region -- where people are divided between fabulously wealthy "  haves " and desperately poor "  have-nots , " a region split between those who can and those who can not participate in government -- sits like a tinderbox , ready to explode . "  There 's a common thread there , " said David Pollock , senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  Yes , they do want freedom in the sense of not national independence -- they have that -- but freedom from oppressive internal security , authoritarian political controls and the freedom to participate in a more democratic government , " he said . There are also economic concerns . "  People are very upset , and in many cases I think with good reason , about poverty and unemployment , " Pollock said . Aaron Miller , a Middle East expert at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , said the divide between the "  cans " and the "  cannots " is , in some ways , more dangerous than the gap between rich and poor . These are no peasant revolts , Miller said . The people on the streets include huge numbers of under - and unemployed people , "  sometimes affluent individuals who feel humiliated and powerless . " "  That 's one of the driving psychological factors that powered Egypt 's uprising , " Miller said . There is also a vast generational gap that some governments may not be able to bridge , said Ken Gude , managing director for national security at the Center for American Progress . "  Most of these entrenched regimes throughout the region are governed by an old elite establishment that has grown more and more out of touch with the younger generations of its population , " Gude said . "  Consequently , we 're seeing -- perhaps sparked by what transpired in Egypt and Tunisia -- a stronger push among those younger generations for greater influence and a larger political voice in their country . " The potential for uprisings exists in those places where all the gaps are widest , though it 's impossible to predict whether other dictators or entrenched regimes will fall as they did in Tunisia and Egypt . Beyond the overarching commonalities , each nation faces specific challenges . Yemen must deal with regional and tribal rivalries . Bahrain faces simmering tension between Sunnis , who form the ruling class , and Shiites , who form a slight majority . Pollock said Saudi Arabia , too , could possibly see unrest , but probably on a small scale . And in Syria , "  people are just too scared , too intimidated " by Bashar al-Assad 's iron hand . Algeria , he said , also bears watching because it shares many of Egypt 's underlying issues of high numbers of young people , unemployment , corruption and a leadership that has been in power for a while . Other countries , like Morocco , have been "  surprisingly quiet , " Pollock said . In Morocco , the king has only been around for a decade , and Pollock said perhaps people are still willing to give him a chance . There have also been some "  safety valves , " such as a parliament . The United Arab Emirates , Pollock said , is a wealthy nation that can afford to take care of its citizens , if necessary , in pretty lavish style . And about 75 % of the people are guest workers from other nations "  who do n't have any rights at all , " Pollock said . And then there is Iran . It 's no stranger to mass demonstrations -- the Islamic regime itself came to power through revolution . But the regime has already shown the world that it will not hesitate to suppress street demonstrations and the opposition there has not yet been able to coalesce around common goals , said Karim Sajadpour , a fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The other problem in Iran , Sajadpour said , is that the international media have been banned from covering the demonstrations . The world can not see what is happening in Azadi Square as they did in Tahrir Square . But Pollock predicted protests will continue in Iran . "  We saw yesterday that despite the most severe kind of internal repression , you had thousands of demonstrators out on the streets , and that 's the tip of the iceberg , " Pollock said . "  I think this probably foreshadows a long period of cat-and-mouse games continuing between the opposition and the regime at kind of a simmer . " Pollock did not see another government 's ouster on the horizon . "  But it 's important to note that after Tunisia it took a while , it took a few weeks for the protests to really start gathering steam in Egypt , " he said . "  Right now , we 're just a few days after Mubarak was finally tossed out in Egypt . It 's too soon to be very confident about where this might go next . " It 's hard to say what will happen next , but almost every observer agrees that this part of the world will never be the same . Miller , of the Woodrow Wilson center , quoted Dorothy in the "  Wizard of Oz " to put events in perspective . "  We 're not in Kansas anymore , " he said . The United States and its allies , he added , need to understand that . "  This is a transformative event in Middle East politics , " Miller said . Enough , perhaps , to change dark perceptions of a region mired in extremism and bloodshed . Two powerful messages are echoing through the region , he said . To al Qaeda , the protesters have said : Change does not have to occur through an adherence to radical ideology or violence . And to autocrats and dictators : "  You better start looking in the mirror and making changes or you 're going to be looking in the rear view mirror , " Miller said . Those "  footsteps " you hear are "  coming for you . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Sarah Aarthun and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Protests erupted in Iran , Yemen and Bahrain this week The ousters of dictators in Tunisia and Egypt have inspired people , say analysts It 's hard to predict if other governments will fall But the region will never be the same , analysts agree
The Frisky  -- When I asked an old friend why she had n't just broken up with her live-in boyfriend instead of beginning a messy affair with a married neighbor , she snapped , "  Do n't be stupid -- nobody leaves a relationship without having another one in place . " Overlappers refuse to end one relationship until they have another one in progress . Oh , please , I corrected her . Of course they do . People fall out of love or get angry and leave without a safety net all the time . But as I thought back , I realized that for as long as I knew her , she never had . Even when she pretty much hated the one she was with , she stuck it out until she 'd lined up his replacement . I could never understand why . My friend is beautiful , successful and very smart ; surely being single for a little while would n't end her world . Women are n't the only ones guilty of this . I know -- and have unfortunately dated -- plenty of men who careen from one girlfriend directly into another , often with a big fat overlap ; connecting the two relationships like a murky Venn diagram . I understand that being single can be annoying and lonely sometimes , but there are plenty of good reasons not to be -- or date ! -- an Overlapper . 1 . Karma ! While overlapping is definitely cheating , the difference is these types go into it with the sole purpose of transitioning into another relationship . But however you word it , Overlappers deceive one or both parties in order to get what they want . When you begin a relationship dishonestly , it usually comes back to bite you in the butt . At the very least , you will never be fully able to trust an Overlapper . Because -- as yet another cliche based in truth goes -- if he does it with you , he 'll do it to you . 2 . Drama ! Breakups are never fun , however splits caused by infidelity are hands down the most explosive . If you 're like my friend and her man  who , against all odds , actually left his wife  , this means that instead of talking about hearts , flowers , and butterflies -- like other new couples -- you spend your nights plotting how to hide assets and whether or not your overpaid lawyer is enough of a shark . How romantic ! 3 . The Pressure ! Though they may appear independent , people who ca n't be alone are that way because they need to see themselves reflected in someone else 's adoring eyes . But when their mirror  aka , partner  develops a flaw  weight gain , job loss , etc.  , their image of themselves reflects that . Being a narcissist , nothing less than perfection is acceptable , so they start looking for the next mirror . Got that , fatty ? You 'd better stay at the top of your game if you want to hang onto an Overlapper . 4 . Not cute ! "  I met my boyfriend when his puppy peed on my foot " is the perfect example of a meet-cute story . It has all the key elements -- chance , humor , and , best of all , a cuddly puppy ! "  I met my boyfriend because I was his kids ' nanny and then his wife found out , which is how I got this black eye , " is definitely not a tale you 're going to want to share at parties . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Some people afraid to be alone are guilty of dating overlapping They cheat on both partners while transitioning between relationships Overlappers ca n't be trusted -- they might do it to you Because they 're narcissistic , they 'll trade you in for better model
