CNN  -- Monday morning , as we scrambled to get Luna off to school , there came a moment when the timeline of my life leapt into fast-forward . I was carrying around an iPad turned to CNN , checking in to see what news awaited me at work , while Luna danced around me , knowing my partner or I would turn off the TV if watching it slowed her down . Then , suddenly , something brought us to a halt . "  President Barack Obama is speaking at Barnard College today , " the news reader said . Our eyes widened , and we shot each other a smile . The president was speaking at Mama 's school . I had arrived at Barnard in 1983 , fresh from a school run by Jesuit priests , where gay groups were banned from the premises . A boy I 'd known had been severely harassed for being gay . Barnard was a long step better , but on the first day of college , my dorm mates fell into silence when one young woman delivered this news : "  I have two mothers , " she said . I remember asking whether one was her stepmother . "  No . My mothers are gay , " she said . "  They had me together . " She looked so uncomfortable , and no one was stepping up to make her feel any better . Back then , Barnard had openly gay and lesbian professors and a group for students who were gay . But in 1983 , it was still not cool to be a lesbian ; AIDS was beginning to surface on campus , and discussions over sexuality and condom use quickly became explosive . Barnard , a Seven Sisters women 's college , had been embroiled in a battle over whether to merge with Columbia University 's men 's college , Columbia College , where Barack Obama was graduating that year . The buzz at Barnard was that nobody wanted it to be known as a college for "  dykes . " It was just another political debate to me . I was happily dating a wonderful guy , and it did n't affect me . Sexuality is a complicated thing . Sudden pressure to get ` gay married ' That was the same year Evan Wolfson started a thesis at Harvard Law School on why gay people should have the freedom to marry . He had read an award-winning book by John Boswell , a prominent Yale professor , who argued that Christianity , particularly Catholicism , had once been OK with homosexuality . Wolfson believed that if things had once been different , there was an opening for society to reconsider . He made this argument : "  You ca n't say you 're for equality if you acquiesce to exclusion from the central social and legal institution of society , which is marriage . " I 'm her mom , not the nanny ! He spent a career saying marriage rights could be the agent for social change around attitudes toward homosexuality , which prompted some folks to tell him he was flat-out nuts . In 1991 , he served as co-counsel in a lawsuit by a group of Hawaiian gay couples against the state , alleging that it was unconstitutional for the state to forbid two people of the same sex to marry . In 1996 , their Supreme Court agreed . Wolfson has launched a national movement toward allowing gays the freedom to marry . By 2001 , 10 countries allowed gays to marry . By 2005 , our neighbors in Canada granted marriage licenses to gays , and my partner and I attended our first wedding of a couple who had traveled there from the U.S. to wed. . I remember the voice of this heterosexual justice of the peace cracking as he called himself a participant in history in the making . What a distance we have traveled as a society , even as our country debates whether allowing gay couples to marry is the right thing to do . There are six U.S. states that now allow gay couples to marry and an additional 12 that offer domestic partnerships or civil unions that are similar to marriage . There are 30 states that ban them . The federal government recognizes none of these unions , thus denying the couples hundreds of significant federal marriage rights . Obama spoke at Barnard on Monday about how we arrived here and how much further we have to go : "  Young folks who marched and mobilized , who stood up and sat in from Seneca Falls to Selma to Stonewall , did n't just did n't do it for themselves . That 's how we achieved voting rights . That 's how we achieved workers ' rights ; that 's how we achieved gay rights ; that 's how we 've made this union more perfect . " ` Mama , would you please speak English ? ' A year after that wedding in Canada , my partner and I had our daughter , Luna , and were legally bound to her through a second parent adoption , even as we could not marry each other . Luna is now 6 , an age when kids really ca n't conceive of the future but seem to find comfort in recounting the past . "  What was it like when I was a baby " quickly reaches back to "  What was it like when you were a baby ? " So she had a broad smile the day I enrolled her at Bank Street Summer Camp and they told her she would be taking swim class at Barnard College . "  That 's your college , Mama ! Let 's go see ! " she said and pulled me and my partner , Mafe , onto campus . I showed her the pool I barely touched as a student and bought her an electric blue sweatshirt with BARNARD emblazoned on the front . She could sense the emotion in my voice when I told her what a life-changing experience it had been for a first-generation American to go to an Ivy League school . Barnard used to say it "  makes women , " and the confidence and smarts it instilled were something I want for her , too . I told her one too many times that she would have to study very hard to get in . She ran along the patio in front of buildings named for women who 'd accomplished incredible things . I walked around with my partner , wondering whether we would ever be able to afford to send her to a place so great , where I once met a girl raised by two mommies who struggled to explain herself and find support . Monday afternoon , 594 young women , in their light blue caps and gowns , graduate from Barnard College of Columbia University . They will honor Rosa Alonzo , a former trustee and an out lesbian Latina , for her contributions to the university . Wolfson received the same medal of distinction Barnard gave to the president of the United States , days after Obama declared his personal support for marriage rights for gays . Obama called upon the women at Barnard to change society for the better as the women who raised him had taught him , to persevere -- that in this country , "  no matter who you love or what God you worship , you can still purse your own happiness . " This is my alma mater , the same college our little girl talks of attending some day because it 's "  Mama 's school , " where it will be of absolutely no consequence that her mothers are gay .	Barack Obama spoke Monday at Barnard , Rose Arce 's alma mater Arce recalls that when a dorm mate said she had two mothers , other students fell silent Her daughter , Luna , wants to follow in her mother 's footsteps by attending Barnard
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some $ 700 million in economic stimulus money intended to upgrade baggage screening systems at airports will go further than originally expected , Department of Homeland Security officials said Wednesday . The new systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour on the older machines , the TSA said . The DHS said the money will now upgrade systems at 10 additional airports . Earlier this year the DHS announced funding for baggage screening at airports in 15 cities . The money will be used to speed up construction of in-line baggage screening systems , which take advantage of the airline 's existing conveyor belt systems to check bags , eliminating the need for minivan-size bomb detection systems now found in many airport lobbies . Government auditors have long complained about existing systems , which the Transportation Security Administration rushed into place to meet congressional deadlines after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . At airports with in-line systems , airline workers at the ticketing counters place the bags on conveyor belts , which pass through explosive detectors on their way to the aircraft . That is more efficient than stand-alone systems , which the TSA employees must staff . In addition , in-line systems can process up to 500 bags an hour , compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour processed by stand-alone machines , the TSA said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement that DHS was able to "  stretch our resources " by managing the recovery money and by negotiating with airports . In addition to the $ 700 million intended for checked baggage systems , $ 300 million is being allocated for checkpoint technology , such as new X-ray machines , "  whole body imaging " technology and bottled liquid scanners . The new airports expected to get stimulus money for in-line explosive detection systems are : • Washington Dulles International Airport  Chantilly , Virginia • Lambert-St . Louis International Airport  St. Louis , Missouri • Yellowstone Regional Airport  Cody , Wyoming • William P. Hobby Airport  Houston , Texas • St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport  St. Petersburg , Florida • Gallatin Field Airport  Bozeman , Montana • Little Rock National Airport  Little Rock , Arkansas • Tulsa International Airport  Tulsa , Oklahoma • Charlotte Douglas International Airport  Charlotte , North Carolina • Colorado Springs Airport  Colorado Springs , Colorado Earlier this year , DHS announced funding for airports in the following cities : Atlanta , Georgia ; Columbus , Ohio ; Dayton , Ohio ; Honolulu , Hawaii ; Huntsville , Alabama ; Jackson , Wyoming ; Maui , Hawaii ; New Orleans , Louisiana ; Orange County , California ; Orlando , Florida ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Portland , Maine ; and Sacramento , San Francisco and San Jose , California . To learn more about the DHS Recovery Act projects , visit www.dhs.gov/recovery .	Department of Homeland security says stimulus money can be stretched DHS identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems Updated screening process is more efficient than stand-alone machines
EW.com  -- Shad Gregory Moss has n't gone by the name Lil ' Bow Wow for some time now . But if you squint hard enough and try to ignore the barrage of broad African-American stereotypes in his latest film , "  Lottery Ticket , " it 's easy to see that the former pint-size Snoop Dog protégé has grown into a likable leading man . In this frenetic , family-friendly riff on the Friday formula , Bow Wow plays Kevin , an honest , hard-working high school grad who lives in an Atlanta housing project and punches the clock selling Air Jordans at the local Foot Locker . That is , until he realizes he 's holding the winning ticket in a $ 370 million lottery . After his loose-lipped , Bible-thumping grandma  Waiting to Exhale 's Loretta Devine  spills the beans about his imminent payday , a flood of characters  or , to be more accurate , caricatures  cozy up to him to get their cut . Gangsters , gospel preachers , gold diggers -- Kevin sees through their greed and ulterior motives . But not before going on a wild spending spree that would make Pretty Woman proud . The problem is , music video director Erik White 's blue-collar fantasy wants to have it both ways : For every well-intentioned speech Kevin gives about the lottery being a rigged game designed to keep poor folks down , there 's a montage of him giddily blowing wads of cash on sneakers and sports cars . If "  Lottery Ticket " had as much conviction as laughs , it could have hit the jackpot . EW Grade : B - CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Shad Gregory Moss , formerly known as Lil ' Bow Wow , has grown into a likable lead For every well-intentioned speech , it shows a montagge of him blowing wads of cash If "  Lottery Ticket " had as much conviction as laughs , it could have hit the jackpot
CNN  -- The City of Fullerton , California , has reached a $ 1 million settlement with the mother of a mentally ill homeless man who died last year after a beating he received at the hands of police officers . The settlement comes a week after a California judge ordered that two Fullerton police officers stand trial in the beating death of Kelly Thomas . The city council unanimously approved the award during a closed-door session Tuesday . "  To lose a son at the hands of rogue police officers is an indescribable horror , " said Brian Gurwitz , the attorney representing Cathy Thomas , Kelly 's mother . "  There is nothing this council could ever do to compensate her for the loss she 's suffered . " The city and Cathy Thomas said in a joint statement that Thomas agreed to drop any potential legal claims against the city in exchange for the $ 1 million . "  Resolution of Ms. Thomas ' claim at this time allows her to begin the healing process and avoid what would likely be protracted , expensive and difficult litigation , " the statement says . The city noted in a separate statement that the city did not admit responsibility for Kelly Thomas ' death as part of the settlement . The settlement will not affect a separate wrongful death suit filed by Thomas ' father . "  I 'm not in the money game , whatever money ... I will get ... is going to go to the foundation that I started for Kelly , " the father , Ron Thomas , told CNN affiliate KCAL-TV . Officer Manuel Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force in the July 5 incident . They have pleaded not guilty to the charges . Kelly Thomas was shirtless and wearing a backpack when Ramos first approached him in response to a call about a homeless man looking into car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars . A graphic 16-minute video of the incident begins with Thomas -- a 37-year-old homeless man with schizophrenia -- sitting and being told by Ramos to put his feet out and hands on his knees . When Thomas is slow to cooperate , Ramos then tells him : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up . " Thomas , who is unarmed and shirtless , stands and another officer walks over . They hit him with their batons and hold him on the ground as he begs for help . "  OK , I 'm sorry , dude . I 'm sorry ! " he screams . At one point , Thomas says he ca n't breathe . The officers tell him to lie on his stomach , put his hands behind his back and relax . "  OK , here , here , dude , please ! " he says . Other officers arrive . At times , trees block the view of the camera , and it 's not always clear who is doing what as officers pile on top of Thomas . One uses a stun gun . Thomas cries out for help and , toward the end of the beating , starts calling for his father : "  Dad ! Help me . Help me . Help me , Dad . " His voice gets softer and trails off . By the end of the video , he is lying in a pool of blood as the officers wonder out loud what to do next . One can be heard saying : "  We ran out of options , so I got to the end of my Taser and I ... smashed his face to hell . " Thomas died five days after the incident . The FBI is investigating civil rights violations in the case , as well . Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas has said that Thomas suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , rib fractures and extensive bruising and abrasions . The county coroner listed his manner of death as a homicide and said he died because he was unable to breathe after having his chest compressed . Ramos , 37 , a 10-year veteran of the police department , would face a maximum sentence of 15 years to life if convicted , authorities said . Cicinelli , 39 , a 12-year Fullerton police veteran , would face a maximum of four years in prison if convicted . Six Fullerton officers , including Ramos and Cicinelli , were put on paid leave after Thomas ' death . The case drew widespread attention to the police department of Fullerton , a city about 25 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Stan Wilson and Irving Last contributed to this report .	A wrongful death suit is pending against the city Kelly Thomas , 37 , who was homeless , was beaten last year in Fullerton , California Officer Manuel Ramos and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli are charged in the death They have pleaded not guilty to the charges
London  CNN  -- Swaths of northern Europe were in the grip of snow , ice and high winds Tuesday , causing serious disruption to road , rail and air travelers . High-speed train operator Eurostar , which runs services linking Paris , Brussels and London , among other destinations , has canceled the rest of its services Tuesday and told passengers to stay at home . "  Severe weather conditions overnight in Northern France and Belgium have led to the closure of the high speed line , " a notice on the company 's website said . "  Passengers will not be able to travel on Eurostar services today and should not come to our stations . " About 10,000 passengers are likely to be affected as a result of the cancellation of around 24 out of 27 scheduled trains Tuesday , Eurostar spokeswoman Lucy Drake said . The bad weather may also affect services Wednesday , she said , with further cancellations or extended journey times possible Passengers affected by the disruption will be offered exchanges or refunds , Drake said , and are urged to consider traveling next week if possible . Air travel has also been hit , with Germany 's Frankfurt airport -- a major European hub -- canceling all flights for several hours as it worked to clear its runways . Some 700 out of a total 1,238 flights have been canceled so far , affecting roughly 7,000 passengers , airport spokesman Christopher Holschier told CNN . Two of Frankfurt 's four runways reopened for takeoff and landing as of 5 p.m. local time , Holschier said , but snow continues to fall . Holschier said passengers were resigned to the situation as they were well aware of the adverse conditions . "  Already , getting to the airport has been an ordeal , " he said . Meanwhile , the official Twitter feed for the two main airports in Paris warned that travel disruptions in the French capital were making access to the airports difficult . However , train and bus services were starting to get back to normal in the afternoon , it said . A quarter of flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle and one in five flights from Paris-Orly were canceled Tuesday in anticipation of the heavy snowfall , the two airports said Monday . Travelers were advised to check on their flight 's status before heading to the airport . London Heathrow and Amsterdam Schiphol airports have also reported snow in the past 24 hours . Whiteout conditions Late-winter blasts like these are nothing new for central Europe , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . In fact , in Germany they have something known as MÃ $ rzwinter , or "  March winter , " said Miller . The phenomenon occurs in mid-March when , after a period of spring-like warmth early in the month that often sees trees and flowers begin to bloom , cold northerly winds bring mid-winter type weather back to the country . True to form , last week there were seven consecutive days of above-average temperatures in Frankfurt . The mercury peaked Saturday with a high of 17 degrees Celsius  about 62 degrees Fahrenheit  , the kind of temperature usually expected in mid-May . On Tuesday , however , winter returned with a vengeance , dropping 12 centimeters  4.7 inches  of snow by noon . In addition to the snow , winds have gusted to 50 and 60 kilometers per hour  31 to 37 mph  , creating whiteout conditions and making travel even more difficult . Northern France has taken the brunt of the storm , with some locations seeing up to 40 centimeters  about 16 inches  of snow . Gusty winds have created snow drifts a meter deep or more . Meteo-France has issued a Red Warning -- its highest level -- for snow and ice through Wednesday morning . The wintry blast also caused problems for motorists in southeast England , with some trapped in their vehicles overnight by accidents and road closures on icy highways in Kent and Sussex . Conditions should improve by Wednesday , as the frontal system pushes south and loses some of its intensity , but the cold temperatures will remain through the end of the week .	NEW : Germany 's Frankfurt airport , a major European hub , cancels 700 flights Eurostar suspends its high-speed train services Tuesday because of bad weather Bus and train services to airports in Paris start to recover after snow disruption Motorists are stranded in southeast England as snow and ice paralyze roads
San Antonio , Texas  CNN  -- The case of the New Mexico hotelier who required Latino employees to adopt English names and avoid speaking Spanish at work reminds us of the need for balance as we grapple with cultural evolution in America . Many of us take our name and its pronunciation for granted . I imagine I did too -- until I was 5 years old . That 's when my dad dropped me off on the front porch of Sunnyside School in Brownsville , Texas , the border town where I was born and raised . Like any kid on his first day of school , I was engulfed by longing and loneliness , staring forlornly at my dad through the screen door as he walked away . When I turned to face the classroom , the teacher 's mouth moved and I heard words , but I failed to understand . Tears pricked my eyes . I did n't speak English yet , having been home with my mom up until that first day of kindergarten . That day my world changed . My introduction to the world as baby Rodolfo Ruiz -- the cocooned son of an immigrant mother and an eponymously named first-generation Hispanic father -- had ended . My journey as an American began . My teacher , Mrs. Collins , was a tall , grandmotherly figure with neatly coiffed silver hair and wire frame glasses . She ran Sunnyside in a modest house she 'd once called home . Quickly , I felt her casa was mi casa . Patiently and kindly , she explained that to make us both more comfortable she was changing my name from "  Rodolfo " to "  Rudy . " "  It 'll be easier for the other kids -- and frankly for me -- to pronounce ! " She smiled . I nodded politely , just like my mamá had taught me . And that was that . I became Rudy Ruiz without debate or anguish . By the end of the school year I was fluent in English . And by second grade I was promoted to the advanced learners class of the elementary school to which my parents transferred me after Sunnyside . There , in a predominantly Hispanic grade school run by Catholic nuns , I began to wrestle with what my name meant to me , and how I wanted it pronounced . I did n't mind "  Rudy " but I did n't like "  Ruiz " pronounced in English . It just did n't sound right to me . Call it instinct , or since I was bilingual and my mother rigidly emphasized speaking both languages correctly , perhaps I felt the most respectful and authentic pronunciation of a name should be that of its language of origin . Thus , I arrived at my own compromise by fifth grade . I began to say my name bilingually . "  Rudy " in English . "  Ruiz " in Spanish . Balance . Balance , or the constant search for it , became a hallmark of my life . Maybe it was because I was reared on the US-Mexico border , a place akin to the fulcrum in a playground see-saw . To the south thrived my living heritage , which I experienced at home and with my family . To the north loomed my future , which I was learning and absorbing at school and in the media . It took five minutes to commute from my house in the United States to my abuelos ' home in Mexico , where I whiled away countless afternoons playing ball beneath a giant avocado tree in the backyard , devouring homemade corn tortillas hot off the plancha , and listening to the colorful yarns my abuelita spun and the wise dichos  sayings  my abuelito religiously repeated . Meanwhile at school , I gobbled up books and determined to someday head north to Harvard and make my way as a productive American . And all along , as I introduced myself , I started my name in English and switched gears into Spanish for the second half . Even though I was bilingual , it took practice . You see , different languages employ varying muscles in your mouth and face . Unseen , but not unheard , the tongue curves uniquely in each language , enabling one to enunciate not only different words but diverse vowel sounds , unique consonants , cadences and accents . And the alliteration of "  Rudy Ruiz " provided a challenge in that the "  r " in Rudy flows smoothly in English , while the "  r " in Ruiz rolls like a locomotive thundering over the old railway bridge that spans the Rio Grande in Brownsville , often backing up traffic for miles . That quick change-up from English to Spanish when pronouncing my brief , four-syllable name stopped me in my tracks more than a few times , causing my cheeks to flush with embarrassment at the struggle of pronouncing the name I had not chosen in the way I had chosen . But , despite the difficulty , I persevered . Try quickly repeating "  Rudy Ruiz " 10 times bilingually . It 's a bicultural tongue twister , a "  trabalenguas " as they say in Spanish . So I practiced some more . Until I got it right . Four letters in English . Four letters in Spanish . A smooth "  r. " A rolled "  rrrr . " Balance . Pronounced completely in the native tongue , a name could be interpreted as a sign of a person 's unwillingness to embrace American culture and integrate fully into society . On the flip side , translated entirely into English it can give the impression that one is trying to hide his or her heritage , that perhaps the past is a source of shame rather than pride . The story of the innkeeper stirred my memory . Surely , it 's no surprise that when a child finds challenge in something as simple as their name , he or she will likely also face a complex path in crafting an identity as a multicultural American . But what I take from these experiences is that an extreme approach in either direction is not the most constructive , healthy strategy . Cultural evolution and acculturation take time and involve compromise and negotiation , in the hearts and minds of individuals as well as within our broader social discourse . The key to attaining the right balance is empathy . The secret to maintaining it is practice . If the innkeeper had taken an empathetic , compassionate approach -- like Mrs. Collins did with me -- he might have elicited a more positive , collaborative reaction from his staff , media and observers . In the end , if we achieve balance , we can enjoy the best of two worlds -- creating a new one that acknowledges our past while cultivating our future . A funny thing about "  balance . " While it sounds different in English and Spanish , in both languages it is spelled the same way and it holds the same meaning . Just like my name . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Hotel owner who asked workers to take English names sparked a memory for Rudy Ruiz He says his teacher changed his name when he was 5 years old Ruiz says he kept Spanish pronunciation for his last name Key to adapting to a different culture is balance and empathy , he says
CNN  -- Queensland 's flood disaster fund received a massive boost on Sunday as the world 's best tennis players turned out to raise money at a packed Rod Laver Arena , Melbourne . The specially organized Rally for Relief raised nearly $ 2 million and counting as stars from the ATP and WTA tours gave up their time on the eve of the Australian Open . Australian Open : From nomad to nouveau riche Over 15,000 tennis fans turned up to the arena to watch the event and hundreds more watched on the big screen outside in Garden Square . Players were split into two teams : "  Gold , " led by Lleyton Hewitt and "  Green " captained by Queenslander Pat Rafter . Hewitt 's team included Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic , Ana Ivanovic , Justine Henin and Caroline Wozniacki , while Rafter led Rafa Nadal , Andy Roddick , Andy Murray , Victoria Azarenka , Vera Zvonareva and Kim Clijsters . Two-time Australian Open champion Jim Courier presided over the matches from the umpire 's chair . Australia floods full coverage The 90-minute exhibition was a light-hearted affair full of trick shots and lively banter as the players -- some wearing microphones -- laughed and joked with each other and the crowd . The finale pitted Nadal and Clijsters against Federer and Samantha Stosur who played out a highly entertaining mixed doubles match . Earlier Hewitt and Rafter went head-to-head in an all Australian clash - the first time they had played one another publicly since 2001 . World number two Federer starts his defence of the Australian Open title he won in 2010 , against Slovakia 's Lukas Lacko on Monday . The women 's top seed Caroline Wozniacki from Denmark will play Argentina 's Gisela Dulko in the preceding match at the opening grand slam of the year .	Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal play in Rally for Relief in aid of Queensland floods Women 's top players including Vera Zvonareva and Kim Clijsters also lend support Lleyton Hewitt and Pat Rafter captain two teams in entertaining exhibition Nearly $ 2 million already raised from the event at Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama showed Thursday night that they have more common ground than differences when it comes to making national service a priority in their presidential administrations . The presidential canidates put aside partisan politics as the nation remembers the terrorist attacks . The candidates took the stage separately in a forum sponsored by TIME at Columbia University in New York . A coin toss determined who took questions first from moderators TIME Managing Editor Rick Stengel and PBS 's Judy Woodruff . Asked why it seems the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , are "  fading " in the minds of many Americans , McCain said : "  We needed at that time -LSB- September 11 , 2001 -RSB- to take advantage of the unity in the United States of America . " McCain criticized the Bush administration for not taking advantage of that sense of unity and instead imploring the American public to live their lives as usual and "  go shopping . " "  I would have called them to serve , " said McCain . The GOP candidate said he suspects people feel uninspired by leaders in Washington and that Americans want "  change " in federal government . "  They understand the challenges that we have in this world . They see the Russian invasion of the little country called Georgia . They see the problems in Afghanistan growing larger . They see a whole lot of things happening in the world that 's going to require us to serve , and that opportunity has to be provided to them . " Watch McCain talk about service " McCain praised the Peace Corps and AmeriCorps , saying they and similar organizations do n't receive "  sufficient recognition " from Washington . But McCain was careful to say government should limit its involvement . Asked about compensation for service McCain said : "  I 'd be glad to reward -LSB- volunteers -RSB- them as much as possible . But you want to be careful that the reason is not the reward of financial or other reasons , but the reward is the satisfaction of serving a cause greater than yourself . ... Finding new ways to serve . That 's what this next few years should be all about . " McCain also fielded a question about his running mate Gov. Sarah Palin 's dismissive comments about Sen. Barack Obama 's community service in Illinois . "  Look , Gov. Palin was responding to the criticism of her inexperience and her job as a mayor in a small town . That 's what she was responding to . Of course I respect community organizers . Of course I respect people who serve their community . And Sen. Obama 's record there is outstanding . " McCain also said that politics is "  tough business , " and that Obama set the tone of the whole campaign when he refused to take part in town hall meetings with McCain across America . Obama said his views do n't necessarily differ from McCain 's on national service . He said creating opportunities for national service would be a priority for his administration as well . "  Part of what makes America work is the fact that we believe in individual responsibility and self-reliance , but we also believe in mutual responsibility , in neighborliness , in a sense that we are committed to something larger than ourselves . " Obama cited a plan to provide college tuition aid in return for student community service . "  One of my central platforms in this campaign is we 're going to provide a $ 4,000 tuition credit every student , every year , but in exchange for giving something back . And so , young people of modest means , who are interested in going to college , this gives them an opportunity to serve and at the same time , pay for their college education . I think there are a lot of creative ways where we can provide opportunities than exist right now . " Obama also said he wants to attract more young people into civil service careers . "  The fact is that we have to have government . When a hurricane strikes , as it did with Katrina , we have to have a FEMA that works , which by the way , means that we should be encouraging young people , the best and the brightest , to get involved as civil servants , to pursue careers of public service so we 've got people who are trained in federal emergency management who are able to take on the job . " Watch Obama talk about service " "  Now , that does not crowd out the Red Cross . That does n't crowd out the thousands of church groups that went down there . What it means is that each area has a role to play . " The forum is part of a two-day summit meant to promote national service . Nearly 500 leaders from business , foundations , universities and politics are meeting to "  celebrate the power and potential of citizen service " and lay out a plan to address "  America 's greatest social challenges through expanded opportunities for volunteer and national service , " according to the organizers ' Web site . Each presidential candidate has served his nation in different ways . McCain was a Navy officer for over two decades and often encourages Americans to serve a "  cause greater than oneself . " Obama served as a community organizer on the South Side of Chicago after he graduated from college . In a speech in December , the Illinois Democrat said he would ask Americans to serve if he becomes president . "  This will be the cause of my presidency , " he said . Today 's joint appearance came amid recent sniping between the campaigns . McCain 's campaign recently attacked Obama for "  lipstick " remarks made during a campaign stop in Virginia on Tuesday . "  John McCain says he 's about change too , and so I guess his whole angle is , ` Watch out George Bush -- except for economic policy , health care policy , tax policy , education policy , foreign policy and Karl Rove-style politics -- we 're really going to shake things up in Washington , ' " he said . "  That 's not change . That 's just calling ... the same thing something different . You know you can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig . You know you can wrap an old fish in a piece of paper called change , it 's still going to stink after eight years . We 've had enough of the same old thing . " Watch how tensions are rising on the trail " The crowd erupted in applause when Obama delivered the line . McCain 's campaign said Obama 's remarks were offensive and a slap at vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , despite the fact that the Arizona senator himself used the phrase last year to describe a policy proposal of Hillary Clinton 's . Obama shot back Wednesday and accused the McCain campaign of engaging in "  lies " and "  swift boat politics . " "  I do n't care what they say about me . But I love this country too much to let them take over another election with lies and phony outrage and swift boat politics , " he said in Norfolk , Virginia . "  Enough is enough . " Watch Obama deliver his harsh words " The phrase "  swift boat " comes from the 2004 presidential election , when the group "  Swift Boat Veterans for Truth " launched an attack ad campaign against Democratic candidate John Kerry that was said by some to be false . But the two presidential candidates agreed to put aside partisan politics on Thursday . They appeared together in New York to lay a wreath at ground zero , where the World Trade Center towers collapsed after two airliners hijacked by al Qaeda operatives plowed into them on September 11 , 2001 . The two met with families of victims as well as state and local officials . Earlier in the day , McCain attended a ceremony in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , to remember those who lost their lives when United Airlines Flight 93 crashed in a field there on September 11 , 2001 . Many believe that the hijackers intended to crash Flight 93 into the U.S. Capitol in Washington . "  Hundreds , if not thousands , of people at work in that building , when that fateful moment occurred , could have been destroyed along with a beautiful symbol of our freedom , " McCain said . "  They -- and possibly I -- owe our lives to the passengers who summoned the courage and love necessary to deprive our depraved and hateful enemies their terrible triumph . "  I 've had the great honor and privilege to witness great courage and sacrifice for America 's sake , " he said . The Obama campaign released a statement earlier Thursday for its candidate in which he said , "  We will never forget those who died . "  On 9/11 , Americans across our great country came together to stand with the families of the victims , to donate blood , to give to charity , and to say a prayer for our country , " Obama said . "  Let us renew that spirit of service and that sense of common purpose . " Meanwhile , a CNN poll out Thursday suggests that voters view McCain as the better presidential candidate to handle terrorism but do not consider terrorism their primary concern in voting . Nearly two-thirds of those surveyed , 62 percent , believe that the Republican presidential nominee would be the better candidate to handle the issue of terrorism , compared with 34 percent who believe that his Democratic rival , Obama , would be better on the issue . The poll 's margin of error is plus-or-minus 3 percentage points . Opinion Research Corp. conducted telephone interviews with 1,022 adults from September 5-7 for the poll . Time 's Michael Duffy contributed to this report .	Sens. McCain and Obama met at a forum on national service in NYC Thursday night Two candidates appearing together at 9/11 remembrance in NYC New poll : Respondents view McCain as better in handling terrorism
CNN  -- Jeff Parness , a native New Yorker , was inspired by the help his hometown received from other cities in the immediate aftermath of the September 11 attacks . Today , he honors that support through his organization , New York Says Thank You , which sends volunteers to a different community each year to help them rebuild from its own disaster . What started as a small group of volunteers from New York has grown into a nationwide movement of "  paying it forward . " Since 2004 , more than 7,000 people have participated in the group 's projects . Parness recently spoke with CNN 's Brittany Stahl about the rebuilding project his group is planning for the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . Brittany Stahl : What are your plans for the next project ? Jeff Parness : We 're hoping to rebuild a barn in a small town in Georgia that was destroyed a few weeks ago in a tornado . There 's a very special woman that lives in the barn . Her name is Susan Littlejohn , and she cares for 65 rescue animals in the barn . She and two of her volunteers were feeding all 65 of the animals , and a tornado literally dropped down on the barn and the barn exploded . Luckily , Susan and the volunteers were fine and all the animals were fine . But she lost everything . So this year , we 're going to bring about 300 volunteers from around the country and do a barn-raising in Ellijay , Georgia . Stahl : What is special about this project ? Parness : Susan 's group is called Build An Ark Foundation , and she 's dedicated her life and sacrificed so much for caring for animals and using them as a way to inspire other people and inspire volunteerism . She uses the animals to inspire disabled kids and seniors . Troubled youth volunteer at her stables to care for the animals . There are so many elements to what she does with her Build An Ark Foundation that we realized it 's more than just building a barn , it 's really helping her to make a greater impact on the world and in her community . You ca n't help but be attracted to her sense of faith and her sense of humanity . Stahl : How is rebuilding the barn symbolic for the community ? Parness : Our greatest hope for Susan , aside from rebuilding the barn , is strengthening her ability to sustain Build An Ark Foundation and to continue to care for the animals . I think using the 9/11 anniversary as a backdrop , and using all these survivors from New York and around the country , we 're going to bring so many people together that I think are going to come to know and come to love Susan . Our greatest hope is the relationships we create for her will sustain her long after we 've gone and finished putting the barn back up . Stahl : What can people do if they want to contribute to your upcoming project in July ? Parness : In terms of helping , I think we 're going to be pretty blessed with a lot of volunteers . We always need sponsorship . So if somebody wanted to sponsor one of our New York City firefighters or other first responders to go help rebuild the barn as something positive to do on the 9/11 anniversary , they can go to our website and contribute and we 'd be honored to have their support . Read the full story on CNN Hero Jeff Parness : ` Paying it forward ' after 9/11	CNN Hero Jeff Parness started a nonprofit called New York Says Thank You Every year , the volunteer group helps a community recovering from a disaster This year 's beneficiary is an animal rescue group in Ellijay , Georgia Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Bayern Munich dropped points for only the third time this season on Saturday as Borussia Dortmund held the Bundesliga 's runaway leaders to a 1-1 draw at the Allianz Arena . Reigning champions Dortmund have beaten Bayern in their previous four league meetings but had to come from behind to steal a point on this occasion . Some tight defending by the visitors frustrated the home side in the first half , but the deadlock was broken in the 67th minute when Toni Kroos swept past two defenders before firing home a low left-foot shot into the right corner . The lead only lasted seven minutes as Mario Goetze put away a chance from a Marco Reus corner to put Dortmund back on level terms . Read : Footballers remember Christmas truce Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller kept Bayern at bay during the closing stages to earn his team a point . The draw keeps Jurgen Klopp 's team in third place with 27 points and remain 11 points behind Bayern . Stefan Kiessling 's 37th minute strike earned second-placed Bayer Leverkusen a 1-0 over Nuremburg to close the gap on Bayern to eight points . Fourth-place Schalke could only manage a 1-1 draw at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach and continue a poor run of form which has yielded just five points in six matches . Ten-man Mainz sealed a 2-1 win at home to Hanover to move up to sixth in the table while Stuttgart climb to seventh after a 1-0 win away to Greuther Fuerth .	Bayern Munich drop points against Dortmund as lead at top of Bundesliga cut to eight points Bayer Leverkusen beat Nuremburg 1-0 ; Schalke drop more points as poor league run continues Ten-man Mainz beat Hannover 2-1 to move up to sixth in table
Paris , France  CNN  -- The French World Cup soccer team appeared to keep their heads down Thursday after returning from the tournament following their surprise first-round exit . Cameras barely caught a glimpse of the team as they arrived back home in Paris and buses whisked the players away . The few supporters who turned up at the airport to see the team were left disappointed when the players did n't stop to give autographs . Star player Thierry Henry met French President Nicolas Sarkozy at the Elysee Palace later in the day and left through a back door , French radio BFM reported . Thierry had requested the meeting before the team left the World Cup , Sarkozy 's office said Wednesday . French media slam ` shameful ' exit France was eliminated from the World Cup on Tuesday after a 2-1 loss to tournament host South Africa . The loss followed an apparent collapse in relations between coach Raymond Domenech and his players that saw captain Patrice Evra left out of the match and the team refusing to practice on Sunday . Henry , once France 's main striker and a World Cup winner in 1998 , was reduced to a minor role in this year 's tournament , starting all three matches on the substitutes ' bench . A high-ranking French Cabinet minister told parliament Wednesday that the government will probe and audit the nation 's soccer federation in light of France 's failure to advance at the World Cup and dissension on the team . "  We can only note the disaster with a French team where immature bullies order frightened children , with a helpless coach without any authority , a French Football Federation at bay , " said Roselyne Bachelot , the French Minister of health , youth and sports . "  That 's the reason why the government has decided to take all of its responsibilities by first conducting a profound analysis , an external audit , because those who have failed can not conduct this analysis . " France , traditionally among the strongest national sides in world football and the losing finalist in Germany four years ago , became one of the first to be eliminated this time around . Striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home after confronting Domenech at halftime during France 's 2-0 defeat by Mexico last week . Evra was then involved in a public dispute with the squad 's fitness coach on the training ground Sunday and is reported to have led dissent over Anelka 's expulsion from the team , with the entire squad boycotting the training session . Adding to the confusion , French team director Jean-Louis Valentin then publicly announced his resignation to the media , while Bachelot attempted to mediate between Domenech and his players . Monday , however , Bachelot told journalists the French players had "  tarnished the image of France , " according to French sports newspaper L'Equipe . In an indication of the extent to which relations had broken down between Domenech and his squad , the coach on Monday described this players ' decision to strike as "  unspeakably stupid , " and called their actions "  an aberration and an imbecility . " "  Nobody can behave in such a way in the dressing room or elsewhere and high-level sportsmen and women have to lead by example through football , " Domenech told reporters . France 's problems at the World Cup had exacerbated long-standing dissatisfaction with the controversial Domenech , who is due to step down as national coach after the tournament to make way for former World Cup-winning defender Laurent Blanc . The French only qualified for South Africa by virtue of a tight playoff win over Ireland , sealed with the help of Henry 's controversial handballed assist for William Gallas ' goal . Exit at the group stage in South Africa marks a second successive failure in the opening stages of a major tournament . France crashed out of Euro 2008 without winning a match .	Cameras barely catch a glimpse of team returning to Paris Players disappoint fans hoping for autograph France eliminated from World Cup after 2-1 loss to South Africa Government probing nation 's soccer federation
CNN  -- This is n't the idealism of "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington . " It is n't as dark as "  House of Cards , " either . So how about settling on something lighter , like say , "  Animal House , " in which the dean famously says , "  The time has come for someone to put his foot down . And that foot is me . " And so it goes with Sen. Ted Cruz , at least when it comes to killing Obamacare . The first-term GOP Texan is the self-appointed executioner of a law Republicans despise . But truth be told , it 's hard to figure out exactly what Cruz 's faux filibuster on the Senate floor this week was really about . He 's against big , bad Obamacare , we get it . Only he was asking Senate Republicans to vote against something that would actually kill Obamacare . Huh ? Nevermind . None of this has been about reality . Rather , it 's about cementing a new definition of leadership : Positioning yourself as the spokesman for your political base by telling it exactly what it wants to hear . In Cruz 's case , it 's the tea party base . Lucky for him , there 's a made-for-TV bully pulpit , plenty of time to talk and the talking points are easy and oh , so , predictable . Main Street fed up over Beltway shutdown battle Consider this sound bite extraordinaire : "  This is a fight to restore freedom to the people , " says Cruz , clearly not inhibited by any lack of self-importance . "  This is a fight to get the Washington establishment , the empire , to listen to the people . " Not exactly Abraham Lincoln , but it 's a whammy of a bite . In it , Cruz gets to cuddle the tea party while taking on the evil establishment -- and by that he means the awful folks in his own party who would not shut down the government over a doomed move to kill Obamacare . Imagine that : Republicans refusing to catapult a man they do n't like into the presidential arena . Maybe they 're part of Cruz 's evil establishment , but if they are , they 're trying to save him -- and the party -- from itself on the issue of shutting down the government . Cruz is thinking 2016 , but they 're thinking about the repercussions for the GOP if the government shuts down . While some polls show that two-thirds of tea party sympathizers are just fine with a shutdown over health care reform , a majority of independent voters are not . And last time I checked , those are the folks whom the GOP needs to win over if its going to win the White House . But I digress . Right now , Cruz has divided the Republican Party in a Palinesque way , only worse because he is an actual senator with actual authority who could have an actual presidential candidacy . "  We have been beaten up by his so-called grassroots movement back home . They pound us with ads , we hear about what he wants at town halls . We do n't like Obamacare , either . But there 's another way to go about this , " says a senior House Republican . "  He -LSB- Cruz -RSB- won one primary in a red state in a Republican year , and now he 's busy running for president . " Oh , and by the way , he adds , "  he 's all about raising money . And doing it at our expense . " Why is it at the GOP 's expense ? Because Republicans are now afraid of being challenged from the right in primaries . They 're not worried about their Democratic opponents ; they 're worried about the opponents on their right whom , many believe , Cruz would support and throw them under the bus . They 're against Obamacare , but are they against it enough ? "  He 's a demagogue-and-a-half , " complains the House Republican . "  This is not what you do to your teammates . " Ah , but that 's the crux of it all : Cruz does n't need a team . He 's got the floor to himself . And he 's got the people , right ? That is , until he does n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Sen. Ted Cruz spent more than 21 hours arguing against funding for Obamacare Gloria Borger : Cruz 's actions are perplexing , but he may be trying to be a GOP spokesman She says Cruz wants to cuddle to the tea party base by advocating a shutdown Borger : Cruz has divided the Republican party in a Palinesque way
CNN  -- Google says the Nexus 7 , its hotly anticipated new tablet computer , is shipping to customers who preordered it this week , amid reports of heavy demand . In an e-mail to customers , the company said some versions of the 7-inch tablet are in the mail and others would be on the way to customers by Thursday evening . "  We 've had incredible demand for the new tablet and are shipping them as quickly as possible , " read the message . "  If you placed your order by July 11 , it will ship this week , and we 've upgraded to overnight shipping so it arrives sooner . Orders placed after July 11 will ship next week with overnight shipping . " At its online Help Center , Google says 8 GB versions of the Nexus 7 have already been shipped in the United States . All 16 GB versions that were ordered before July 11 should be shipped by the end of the day Thursday . Orders in the UK and Australia will be shipped later this month . Retailers have been reporting that they 've already sold out of all of the Nexus 7s they 've ordered . Photos surface of a large , early-2000s iPad prototype CNET reported this week that GameStop , Staples , Sam 's Club and Office Depot already had sold out of the tablet . GameStop told the blog they expected another shipment on August 7 . A quick check of several websites Thursday , including Fry 's and Best Buy , did n't turn up any that say they have the Nexus 7 in stock . There have been scattered reports online of people who say they 've already received a Nexus 7 or found one in stores . But , in an unusual move , Google has not announced an official date they 'll go on sale in retail stores . While all signs point to big sales , Google also remains mum on how many tablets have been ordered or shipped to retailers . In the past , some electronics companies have been suspected of intentionally limiting the supply of new products to create the appearance of strong demand . Last month , Google announced it would be releasing its own , 7-inch tablet . It 's a move that comes in the wake of the relative success Amazon has had with its smaller , less expensive iPad competitor , the Kindle Fire . Analysts say the Kindle Fire sold roughly 16 million of the devices last year . That 's as good as any tablet has done other than the Apple 's iPad . Apple is expected to sell 55 million by the end of this year . The arrival of the Nexus 7 and a possible smaller iPad , however , have many wondering whether it will keep its momentum . Like the Fire , which also has a 7-inch screen , the 8 GB Nexus 7 will sell for $ 199 . A 16 GB version sells for $ 249 . Early reviews have been overwhelmingly positive . Wired magazine called it "  the best Android tablet yet . " "  The Nexus 7 , the first tablet to wear Google 's Nexus brand , sets a new standard for smaller slates , proving that just because it is n't as big as Apple 's iPad does n't mean it ca n't be just as useful , as fast , or as fun , " Nathan Olivarez-Giles wrote for Wired , a CNN content partner . The Kindle Fire has been the most successful tablet so far running Google 's Android operating system  actually a modified version  . A new version , possibly adding a camera and higher-definition display , is anticipated later this year . Review : Nexus 7 is best Android tablet yet	Google 's Nexus 7 tablets are on their way Some pre-orders were shipped on Thursday , Google says The 7-inch tablet has gotten overwhelmingly positive reviews So far , similarly sized Kindle Fire is most successful iPad challenger
CNN  -- North Korea is no laggard when it comes to bluster and vituperation . For decades , the regime has issued threats of turning South Korea into a "  sea of fire " or used choice words such as "  human scum " or "  political idiot " when denouncing South Korean and U.S. leaders . But even measured against such standards , North Korea 's barrage over the past month , from threatening to launch an "  all-out war " to "  diversified precision nuclear strike " against Washington , "  wipe out " a South Korean island , or hurling a sexist insult against Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's first female elected leader , to , most recently , warning of an imminent "  moment of explosion , " is quite unusual . And now , after saying that plans for merciless operation has been "  finally examined and ratified , " Pyongyang is hinting at another long-range missile launch . What 's going on ? First , we must assume the North Korean leadership is not crazy or suicidal in spite of bizarre things it says and does . Cruel , totalitarian and solipsistic the Kim dynasty surely is . But the fact that it has managed to preserve itself for more 60 years and , in the post-Cold War era , in spite of the everyday existential threat of facing an immeasurably more successful Korean state across the border , the impoverished North has shown itself to be , if nothing else , calculating and resilient . Opinion : Kim Jong Un is not crazy What is Pyongyang calculating ? The same it has since the end of the Korean War 60 years ago . The two constants in North Korea 's foreign policy are its continual calls for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from South Korea and blaming "  U.S. hostile policy " for the tension enveloping the Korean Peninsula . Pyongyang sees the U.S. commitment to the defense of South Korea , as powerfully symbolized by the presence of American troops in the South , as the greatest impediment to its highest state task . As North Korea states in the charter to its communist party , that task is to "  en  sure the complete victory of socialism in the northern half of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the accomplishment of the revolutionary goals of national liberation and the people 's democracy on the entire area of the country . " In plain language , that means dissolving the South Korean government and communizing the entire Korean Peninsula by force . North Korea 's frequent threats are a means to a long-term end . The first step is to impregnate the South Korean public with war hysteria and the illusion that the withdrawal of U.S. troops would lead to peace and reconciliation between the two Koreas . The second is to instill fear in the American public by one day demonstrating its capability to marry a nuclear warhead with an intercontinental ballistic missile with the range to hit the U.S. West Coast . When that day comes , Washington may have second thoughts about its treaty commitment to the defense of South Korea , Pyongyang calculates . So far , timing seems to be in Pyongyang 's favor . Over the past year , all the major powers in North Korea 's neck of the woods have undergone a leadership transition . Moreover , in Seoul , Beijing and Tokyo , leadership transitions have occurred only in recent months . That creates a particularly appeasement-prone environment , as no newly elected leader wishes to spend political capital on a foreign policy crisis created by North Korea when many other pressing domestic issues beckon . So Pyongyang reckons that after ratcheting up tension as high as it can and then simply take a little step back , it can lure its richer interlocutors into returning to talks and the kind of concessionary aid worth billions of dollars we have seen in the past . This means the risk of North Korea starting an all-out war is quite small , although there is always the possibility of miscalculation . It also means that Pyongyang will most likely not just go quietly into the night after having thumped its chest for so long . We should expect some kind of deadly , although limited , attack to come soon . How should Seoul and Washington respond ? For starters , they could clamp down on the North 's multifaceted criminal activities and put psychological pressure on the elites . Second , they could raise awareness on North Korea 's systematic and widespread human rights violations so that democratic countries come to view the regime as a threat to humanity instead of some abstract amalgamation of the dreadful and the bizarre . This approach may not yield immediate changes in regime behavior . But at the very least it will finally put the "  stick " in the proverbial carrot-and-stick metaphor for taming Pyongyang . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sung-Yoon Lee .	Sung-Yoon Lee : Despite threats , North Korean leadership is n't crazy or suicidal Lee : North Korea 's goal is to get the U.S. to withdraw troops from South Korea He says the regime 's strategy is to instill fear in South Koreans and Americans Lee : The risk of North Korea starting an all-out war is quite small
CNN  -- An injury time penalty from Mario Balotelli secured a dramatic 3-2 win for Manchester City as they staved off a brave fight back from Tottenham to maintain their three point lead at the top of the English Premier League . City 's main title rivals , Manchester United , also negotiated a difficult test at Arsenal by winning 2-1 to remain on the coat tails of their big-spending neighbors . Victories for both Manchester clubs saw them pull clear from third-placed Tottenham -- City are now eight points ahead of them , and United five -- with the race for the championship now seeming like a two-horse race . Italy striker Balotelli was involved in another contentious incident in the match as he appeared to aim a stamp at Scott Parker 's head , a flashpoint that angered Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp . "  What reason did he have to kick Scott in the head with his studs while he is lying on the floor ? It 's not a nice thing to do and it has no place in football , " Redknapp told a press conference . "  It 's not the first time he 's done that is it ? I 'm sure it wo n't be the last . I 'm the last person to talk about getting people sent off , but it 's blatantly obvious if you see that , he reacts like that at times to challenges . " Prior to Balotelli 's late spot kick the game burst to life in nine second half minutes . First , Samir Nasri 's emphatic finish from Silva 's pass on 56 minutes gave City the lead before Joleon Lescott bundled a corner into the net three minutes later . But City let the visitors back into the game within a minute as centre back Stefan Savic failed to deal with a long ball and Jermain Defoe took the ball round City goalkeeper Joe Hart to finish into an empty net . And five minutes later , Tottenham were level as Gareth Bale struck a superb equalizer from the edge of the penalty area after Aaron Lennon 's pass . Defoe had a chance to win the game for Tottenham in injury time but though he stretched to connect with Bale 's cross he could only poke the ball wide of the target from four yards out . And Tottenham were made to pay for that miss as Ledley King brought down Balotelli in the final minute of added on time and the Italian made no mistake from 12 yards . Manchester United took the lead at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium in north London when Antonio Valencia headed home Ryan Giggs ' cross on the stroke of half time . Arsenal 's Dutch captain Robin van Persie , who had already squandered a great chance to bring his side level , found the net on 71 minutes with an angled drive from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's pass . Teenage winger Oxlade-Chamberlain was substituted straight after the equalizer , drawing boos from the home support . And his replacement , Russian Andrei Arshavin , failed to close down Valencia as he got into the area late in the game to tee up England striker Danny Welbeck for the winner .	Mario Balotelli 's late penalty hands Manchester City a 3-2 victory over Tottenham Hotspur Italian appeared to aim a stamp at opponent 's head before he scored the winning goal Manchester United beat Arsenal 2-1 at the Emirates to keep pace with title rivals City remain three points ahead of United as both Manchester clubs move clear of third
Ukraine 's armored vehicles rolled Wednesday , but its attempt to take back eastern towns from pro-Russian militants seemed to stall . In Donetsk , six armored vehicles sent into the nearby city of Kramatorsk in the morning later showed up carrying Russian flags in Slaviansk . Russian Ambassador to the EU Vladimir Chizhov told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour those Ukrainian soldiers "  preferred to switch sides and join the people . " Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said the vehicles had been seized by militants . In Slaviansk , north of Kramatorsk and about 100 miles from the border with Russia , pro-Russian militants now appear to be firmly in control of the town , according to CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh on the ground . On the diplomatic front , President Obama told CBS News that Russia faces new sanctions . "  What I 've said consistently is that each time Russia takes these kinds of steps that are designed to destabilize Ukraine and violate their sovereignty , that there are going to be consequences and what you 've already seen is the Russian economy weaker , capital fleeing out of Russia , " Obama said . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Wednesday the alliance had agreed on a package of further military measures to reinforce the Western military alliance 's "  collective defense " in light of the events in Ukraine . "  We will have more planes in the air , more ships on the water and more readiness on the land , " Rasmussen said , speaking after a meeting of NATO ambassadors in Brussels , Belgium . He stressed that NATO backs a political solution to the crisis and urged Russia to stop destabilizing Ukraine . Meanwhile , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Geneva in preparation for talks on Thursday with the Russian and Ukraine foreign ministers and a representative of the European Union . In the cities of east Ukraine , the atmosphere seemed more relaxed than it was a few days ago , with many residents apparently welcoming the presence of pro-Russian forces and their seized military vehicles . At the same time , on the road toward Slaviansk , CNN 's Phil Black encountered a heavily fortified and well organized police checkpoint and saw signs of a large military buildup . Attack helicopters passed overhead while armored vehicles and troop carriers rumbled by . But despite the heightened military activity , there has so far been no effort to move into the town itself , he said , where the pro-Russian protesters are digging in and consolidating their power . The unrest is a major test for the new interim government , as it seeks to hold Ukraine together ahead of elections scheduled for next month and to avoid bloodshed . Infographic : A divided Ukraine Putin : ` Brink of civil war ' The dramatic scenes in eastern Ukraine come a day after armored columns rolled through the farmland of eastern Donetsk province , proudly flying Ukrainian flags as residents watched and wondered what might come next . Putin warned then that the escalating conflict in Ukraine "  essentially puts the nation on the brink of civil war . " Although Ukraine has been more subdued in its characterization -- no doubt in part because of concerns that Russia might use violence as a pretext to intervene directly -- it 's clear that the leadership 's patience is wearing thin . After days of urging pro-Russian militants to vacate buildings they have seized , on Tuesday they sent in troops . Ukraine 's acting President Oleksandr Turchynov , announcing what he called an "  anti-terrorist operation " to restore order to the country 's east , said its aim was to "  stop attempts to tear Ukraine to pieces . " Some success followed ; the President 's office said Ukrainian special forces had taken control of the airfield in Kramatorsk by the end of the day . Witnesses had reported hearing gunfire and the sound of aircraft apparently coming from the airfield . But the latest events in Donetsk province suggest the government strategy may be losing momentum . Nearly 30 armed people seized the mayor 's administration building in Donetsk city on Wednesday , spokesman Maksim Rovinskiy said . They are demanding federalization and a new law that paves the way for a local referendum , Rovinskiy said , adding that there had been no violence . In addition , two Ukrainian soldiers , one of them an officer , have been taken hostage by "  extremists , " the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Wednesday . The soldiers were seized Tuesday near the town of Krasny Luch , in the Luhansk area , as they tried to fix a military vehicle by the roadside , the ministry said . It is working to secure their release . Some locals gathered near Kramatorsk airfield Tuesday evening to see for themselves what was going on -- and to voice their unhappiness over the actions of the interim government in Kiev , which took power after pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted following weeks of street protests . Breakaway Transnistria Russia 's state ITAR-Tass news agency reported that authorities in Moldova 's breakaway Transnistria region had asked Russia to recognize the enclave as a sovereign independent state . CNN goes inside Transnistria -- a region caught in a time warp The request put forward by Transnistria 's separatist parliament was addressed to the Russian Federation Council and President Putin . But Chizhov said Russia did not plan to annex Transnistria "  or any other territory in any other place of the world . " It was not immediately possible for CNN to independently confirm the report . "  Transnistria does not legally differ from the Crimea , and the process of reunification with Russia should be held on the Crimean scenario , " Itar Tass quoted lawmaker Vyacheslav Tobuh as saying . The report said a delegation of lawmakers from Transnistria would travel to Moscow on Thursday . Until now , Russia has officially recognized Transnistria as being part of Moldova . Landlocked Transnistria is far from Russia , wedged between Moldova and Ukraine , with about 30 % of its population ethnic Russian . Diplomatic efforts The West has repeatedly called on Russia to withdraw some 40,000 troops that NATO says it has massed near Ukraine 's border . Moscow insists they are merely conducting military exercises . Asked if Russia was likely to be angry about NATO ground defense measures , Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander in Europe , told reporters : "  It will be very hard to see them as anything except for defensive measures , and they will be measures designed to assure our allies . " On Wednesday , a bipartisan congressional delegation announced plans to travel to Ukraine next week to meet with Ukranian officials . In the group will be House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce , R-California , and Reps. Eliot Engel , D-New York ; Ted Poe , R-Texas ; David Cicilline , D-Rhode Island ; Alan Lowenthal , D-California ; Lois Frankel , D-Florida ; Jim Gerlach , R-Pennsylvania ; and Mike Quigley , D-Illinois . Lavrov : ` They are spreading lies ' The pro-Russian uprising in Ukraine 's east follows Moscow 's annexation of Crimea , a move that emboldened other pro-Russian Ukrainians in the country 's east . Russia has said it reserves the right to intervene to protect the rights of ethnic Russians in the region . But Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking Tuesday in Beijing , rejected accusations from the West that Russia is fomenting the unrest and supporting the militants . "  They make up lies to justify their aggressive plans . They are spreading lies , things that Russian Federation intended or not intended to do , alleging that Russia organized it all , " he said . "  I have never heard such nonsense . What it means is to refuse one 's own people the right to express their opinion and protest against lawlessness and discrimination . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Obama says Russia may face new sanctions NATO chief announces "  further military measures to reinforce our collective defense " Conflicting reports on Ukrainian soldiers switching sides Russian President Vladimir Putin warns Ukraine is "  on the brink of civil war "
SPRUCE PINE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Like most parents , Vickie and Keith Murdock worry about providing for their family . With three teenage daughters , that can be a big challenge , but these days it 's more difficult than ever . Keith and Vickie Murdock retrained for new jobs after suffering layoffs . But they remain unemployed . Vickie and Keith are both out of work . They live in Spruce Pine , North Carolina , a tiny mountain town about an hour 's drive northeast of Asheville that has lost more than 2,000 jobs since 2003 . That 's a devastating number , given that Mitchell County 's 2000 Census population was only 15,687 . Keith was laid off in 2001 , when a textile mill closed . He had worked there for 13 years . He did what all the experts say to do : He went back to school , got his GED and retrained to be an auto body mechanic . After graduation , he found a job at nearby Altec Industries . But again , he was laid off in January . Today , he spends his time looking for work . Keith said "  everybody you talk to " tells him , " ` well , we 're not hiring . We ai n't got nothing open right now . ' " Vickie has suffered her own layoff . She lost her job in 2006 when furniture maker Ethan Allen closed its plant in the area . She decided to retrain and will graduate from the local community college in May as a certified medical assistant . Vickie hopes to get a job at a local clinic , but jobs are hard to come by in this area . Major industries , including textile manufacturing , furniture making and mining , have downsized or left the area completely . The Rev. Bill Sweetser works with Shepherd 's Staff , a local food pantry . He says workers there are seeing three times as many clients as they did just last year . Watch how the Murdocks have struggled against the bad economy " The food bank is in an old textile mill that just a few years ago was one of the largest employers in Mitchell County . Now , former workers come there for assistance . "  Right now , I would say we 're barely keeping up , " Sweetser said . "  Our policy is that everybody who comes in will get something . Sometimes we 're out of certain staples . ... It may not be the food you want to give them , it may not be the food they necessarily prefer , but we give them something . " Community leaders are hoping a focus on promoting mountain crafts and tourism and a growing second home market will spur an economic revitalization . Keith Holtsclaw runs Blue Ridge Regional Hospital , one of the area 's largest employers , and heads the county 's economic development commission . "  I just do n't see manufacturing coming back into the community , " he said . "  We have to work with what we 've got . We have lots of artists here . We are great , we 're on the Blue Ridge Parkway , we 're on the Appalachian Trail ... so we need to play to our strengths . " Until that economic revitalization happens , Vickie and Keith Murdock are living off unemployment benefits and hoping to find work soon . Vickie tries to calm her anxiety about the everyday costs of life . "  We think that when we get to worrying how we are gon na pay for this , " she said , "  it 's like the Lord makes a way . " For the Murdock family and this community , a new way to stimulate the local economy is desperately needed .	Spruce Pine , N.C. , has lost 2,000 jobs in a county of about 15,600 residents Some laid-off workers have retrained , only to lose their jobs again Closed factory that employed thousands has become a food bank Community leaders hope to revitalize economy by attracting tourists
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Senior North Korean officials say the communist regime has "  weaponized " its stockpile of plutonium , according to a U.S. scholar , in a move suggesting that North Korea may have significantly hardened its stance on nuclear negotiations . Selig Harrison said North Korean officials claimed to have enough plutonium for four or five warheads . Selig Harrison , one of the few U.S. scholars granted access to senior North Korean officials , said at a news conference in Beijing that the officials told him they had weaponized 30.8 kilograms of plutonium , enough for four or five warheads . The director of the Asia Program at the Center for International Policy , who just returned from a five-day visit to Pyongyang , said senior North Korean officials told him the warheads will not be open for inspection . If it is true , the news portends a gloomy outlook for the future of the six-party talks that began in 2003 with the goal of getting North Korea to end its nuclear program . "  It does change the game , " Harrison said . South Korea , the United States , Japan , China and Russia are participating in the talks . A 2007 agreement calls for scrapping nuclear weapons on the Korean peninsula in return for energy aid to the North , normalized relations between the North and the United States and Japan , and a formal peace pact . Watch a report on North Korea 's nuclear negotiations " The North Koreans told Harrison they want the rest of the fuel aid that Japan has promised them . North Korea had agreed to disable the reactor that had produced plutonium for nuclear weapons . But the United States and its allies have asked it to give up the plutonium it already has , an estimated 30 kilograms , as well as details of any other bomb-producing programs . Harrison said one possible reason for Pyongyang 's tough new stance could be the declining health of leader Kim Jong Il , who reportedly suffered a stroke last year and may no longer be involved in day-to-day decisions . "  People I talked to have many indications that some important things are submitted to him , but he is not working in the way he used to , " Harrison said . He said military hard-liners have taken the lead in demanding from the United States a full declaration and verification of all nuclear weapons sent to South Korea between 1957 and 1991 . The hard-liners also seek full normalization of relations with Washington before more talks about scrapping their nuclear arsenal . On Tuesday , during her Senate confirmation hearing for the secretary of state position , Sen. Hillary Clinton made it clear : de-nuclearization first , then diplomatic normalization . President-elect Barack Obama has stated his willingness to talk to the North Korean leader . Harrison also said the North demanded the completion of the light-water reactors as compensation for the dismantling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor . The light-water reactor , which is not capable of producing weapons-grade plutonium , was promised to North Korea in the early 1990s for the North giving up its nuclear weapons . Its construction has been suspended . North Korea has long considered its nuclear program integral to its national security . North Korea tested a nuclear weapon in 2006 . In June , it acknowledged producing about 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium . CNN 's John Vause contributed to this report .	News may bode ill for future of talks to end North Korean nuclear program North Korean officials tell U.S. scholar they want rest of promised fuel aid One possible reason for tough stance could be declining health of leader Kim Jung Il Military hard-liners seek normalization of relations with Washington before more talks
CNN  -- After actress Mackenzie Phillips spoke about her sexual relationship with her musician father , online and telephone calls to an anti-sexual assault hot line surged . Mackenzie Phillips told Larry King that incest survivors are "  incredibly underrepresented . " Her interviews in the past few weeks brought a spotlight to an uncomfortable topic . Incest , a common but highly stigmatized form of sexual abuse , often leaves the victim ashamed , isolated and unable to tell others what 's happening , because the perpetrator is someone related to him or her , mental health experts said . "  For any survivor of sexual trauma , it 's challenging , and it takes a lot of courage to come forward , " said Jennifer Wilson , director of the National Sexual Assault hot line . "  With incest survivors , it 's particularly difficult , because not only is there social stigma pressuring them to stay quiet , but also there 's pressure that 's within the family to stay quiet . " The Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network , which calls itself the nation 's largest anti-sexual assault organization , said it had seen an 83 percent increase in activity on its online hot line and a 26 percent increase on its telephone hot line after Phillips ' interview with Oprah Winfrey aired last week . "  Unfortunately , it 's something we hear everyday in our hot line , so to have somebody speak aloud about it was empowering to a lot of victims and survivors who went through similar situations , " Wilson said . Phillips spoke about the taboo nature of incest in her interview with CNN 's Larry King . "  There 's very little in this world that is taboo today , but this subject is still , like , shove it under the carpet , sweep it away , protect the abuser , deny the reality . ... You 're just on your own , " the former child star said . This makes it one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes , experts said . A U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics report found that of the 60,000 sexual assault cases reported in 12 states in 2000 , about a quarter were perpetrated by family members . About half of the sexual assault cases with victims younger than 11 involved family members . At times , a victim may feel unable to tell other family members what 's happening . And if he or she tells a relative , that family member may have "  a knee-jerk reaction , " refusing to believe it . Relatives may try to protect the offender in order to keep the family together or to avoid the shame and stigma , Wilson said . This takes a devastating toll on a victim . "  Their sexual selves are damaged . Their emotional selves are damaged , because ` who do I trust ? ' " said Debra Laino , a sex therapist and counselor . " ` My father did this . My mother did this . Who can I trust if I ca n't trust my family ? ' " Sometimes the reluctance to report the crime comes from the victim , because he or she does n't want to see the family member in jail . Although Phillips called the sexual relationship with her famed father , John Phillips , "  wrong , " she said , "  I do n't want bad things to happen to him , but I also do n't want bad things to happen to me as a result of this . And I was convinced to let it lie . " Her father , a co-founder of the Mamas & the Papas , died in 2001 . Father - or stepfather-daughter incest is the most common form , although it also occurs between mother and child , according to the National Center for Victims of Crime . A sexual assault victim could suffer physical effects of the crime such as sexually transmitted infections , genital trauma and urinary tract infections . They could also experience many mental health effects : social withdrawal , isolation , post-traumatic stress disorder and regressive behavior such as bedwetting and thumb sucking . Some become hypersexual and engage in destructive behaviors , experts said . Humans "  have an instinct for avoiding incest or inbreeding , " said Debra Lieberman , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Miami  Florida  who researches incest . But alcohol , drugs and mental illness may disrupt that instinct . "  Under the heavy influence of cocaine or heroin or whatever else you 're taking , your mental boundaries are skewed , essentially , " Laino said . The offender 's sexual frustrations could also contribute to inappropriate actions . "  It also depends on his other mating opportunities , " Lieberman said . "  What is the quality of his current relationship with the female 's mother ? Is she around ? What is the ability for the guy to attract other mates ? " The perpetrator , frustrated by the absence of suitable sexual partners , may turn to whomever is around -- even if it 's kin . Recovery from incest can occur , but it often takes years . A victim of incest has to understand that it 's not his or her fault and get professional help , Wilson said . "  It does n't make you broken , " Phillips said . "  It does n't make it so that you ca n't go on and be -- once you deal with honestly and realistically what you 've been through , it does n't mean that you ca n't be counted on or you ca n't be well enough to be a part of the world . "	Actress said she had sexual relationship with her father for years Experts : Incest is one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes Real healing after incest is possible , Phillips says
Washington  CNN  Sen. Rand Paul declared the war against ISIS "  illegal " in a new opinion piece Monday , urging conservatives to speak out against President Barack Obama 's decision not to seek congressional authorization for military action against the terrorist group . "  This war is now illegal . It must be declared and made valid , or it must be ended , " the Kentucky Republican wrote in an op-ed published Monday by The Daily Beast . The U.S. began airstrikes in Iraq in August and in Syria in September , citing a 2001 measure known as the Authorization for the Use of Military Force as the president 's legal basis for going after terrorist threats . Paul cites the War Powers Resolution of 1973 in stressing his long-held position that all military action must be approved by Congress . The exception is when a situation is considered urgent . In that case , a president has 60 days to get authorization after military action . If there 's no approval from Congress , the president has 30 days to end the mission . Rand Paul plants feet between both sides of foreign policy debate While Paul said he does n't think the War Powers Resolution specifically applies to the ISIS situation -- because the U.S. had not been attacked -- he notes that even if it did , the president 's time would be up . "  Taking military action against ISIS is justified . The president acting without Congress is not , " he wrote , reiterating a stance he 's held since September . This fall Paul has described the airstrikes against Syria as appropriate action but said Obama 's method for doing so was "  unconstitutional . " The op-ed comes as Paul , who 's seen as a likely presidential candidate in 2016 , has been trying to shed his isolationist image yet maintain his libertarian-leaning roots . In the new op-ed , he specifically reached out to conservatives , saying they "  they should end their conspicuous silence about the president 's usurpation of Congress ' sole authority to declare war . " Paul blasts Obama as arrogant ` autocrat ' He suggested conservatives are being hypocritical in their criticism of Obama by lambasting him for acting alone through executive actions but staying quiet when he authorizes military action without approval . "  Conservatives who blast the president for ignoring the separation of powers on immigration display a fatal inconsistency by embracing unlimited war-making powers , " he wrote . Paul : Washington 's ` barnacled enablers ' push for constant war His piece comes as a report from Politico lists new details about his all-but-certain presidential campaign . The report says he would likely headquarter his campaign in Louisville , Kentucky , and would move forward with a 2016 re-election bid for the Senate on top of a presidential run . Paul , who 's attempting to sharpen his foreign policy brand , also raises questions about Hillary Clinton 's physical stamina as well as her record as secretary of state and her involvement in Libya .	Rand Paul calls on conservatives to decry the President 's use of military action without authorization The senator said the war is "  illegal " and must be made valid "  or it must be ended "
CNN  -- In his last days in office , outgoing Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour pardoned four men convicted of murder , a state official said Monday . David Gatlin , Joseph Ozment , Charles Hooker and Anthony McCray received full pardons and were released at 1 p.m. Sunday , said Suzanne Singletary , spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections . All four were serving life sentences and worked as trusties at the governor 's mansion , she said . "  It is at any governor 's discretion , " said Singletary . Gatlin was convicted of murder , aggravated assault and burglary of a residence , she said . Ozment was convicted of murder , conspiracy and armed robbery in a separate case . Both inmates were at minimum security level , she said . Hooker was convicted in a 1991 murder , while McCray was convicted in a 2001 murder , Singletary said . The governor also recently pardoned Nathan Kern , who was serving a life sentence for burglary , she said . Families of the men 's victims told CNN affiliates WAPT and WLBT they are outraged by Barbour 's decision . Attempts by CNN on Monday to reach Barbour 's office for comment on the pardons were unsuccessful . In 1993 , WLBT reported , Gatlin walked into the trailer where his estranged wife , Tammy Ellis Gatlin , lived and shot her in the head . The woman 's friend , Randy Walker , survived a gunshot to the head . "  Is Gov. Barbour going to pardon us from our aches and pains and heartache that we have to suffer ? " the victim 's mother , Betty Ellis , asked WLBT . "  Is he going to pardon a child that had to grow up without a mother ? Is he going to pardon me from never being able to feel her arms around my neck again ? What is Barbour going to do about that ? " Tammy Gatlin 's sister , Tiffany Ellis Brewer , said David Gatlin served less time than her sister lived . "  It 's completely unfair , " she said . "  I mean , he 's in jail for 18 years . She was 20 years old when she died and had her child laying in her arms when he shot her in the head . And he 's pardoned ? " David Ruth , who was the lead investigator on the case , said there was an apparent communications foul-up . Tammy Gatlin 's relatives received a letter from the state parole board Friday saying David Gatlin was not going to be paroled and would next be considered in October 2012 . They received a call the next day saying he was being pardoned , Ruth told WLBT . Meanwhile , the family of Ricky Montgomery told WAPT they received a call from the department on Saturday reporting Ozment 's pardon . Montgomery , 33 , was a store clerk who was slain on the job . Ozment was convicted of his murder . "  Of course it 's devastating , " said Mark McAbee , Montgomery 's nephew . "  You know , we go through this and it 's reliving it over and over again , when I do n't think the general public has any idea of the things these convicts are doing . " McAbee said his mother was incredulous two years ago to learn Ozment had been assigned to work at the governor 's mansion . She wrote the Department of Corrections , he said , which told her that he met the requirements and underwent a screening process . "  We have people out on the streets that are sex offenders that have to register , " McAbbe said . "  This is a man  who  killed somebody . This man took somebody 's life , and it 's not going to indicate that on any paperwork . " Phil Bryant , Barbour 's successor , is set to be inaugurated on Tuesday . CNN 's Rick Martin and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : David Gatlin , Joseph Ozment , Charles Hooker and Anthony McCray are released NEW : All were serving life sentences in murder cases The four served as trusties at the governor 's mansion during Haley Barbour 's term Families of the victims express outrage at the pardons
CNN  -- Tennis star Andy Murray is used to serving on a daily basis -- but he 's taken it in a whole new direction with his latest venture . The two-time grand slam winner has launched a five-star hotel just minutes from where he grew up in Dunblane , Scotland . Set close to where Murray learned his trade on the local courts , the 15-bedroom Cromlix -- set in 34-acres of lush Scottish countryside -- is his new venture . And while he may not be bringing you the wine list or be on hand to suggest the best local whisky , Murray is involved on a regular basis in making sure it all runs smoothly . The seed of interest in the hotel was planted in Murray 's mind after his older brother Jamie married his Colombian wife Alejandra Gutierrez at the Cromlix in 2010 . "  It was n't something I 'd thought about but I came here for my brother 's wedding and about six months to a year later we were told that the hotel was going out of business , " Murray told CNN 's Open Court . "  The property was for sale and it 's five minutes from my house -- I thought it would be a nice thing to do . " Under Murray 's stewardship the hotel has undergone a rapid transformation , with the old Victorian mansion restored in fine style . But a visit to the hotel does n't come cheap -- a stay in one of the suites during the Scottish summer will cost around $ 1,000 a night , while a small double room will set you back $ 425 a night . Murray is not the only tennis player to have invested in the hotel industry . Spain 's former world No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero bought a 19th-century country house in the Sierra Mariola mountains south of Valencia and turned it into a delightful 12-suite hotel in 2007 . Compatriot Rafael Nadal has also reportedly invested $ 13.17 million into two hotels he bought in Cozumel , Mexico . But for Murray , Cromlix 's importance is that it 's rooted in the history and community of Dunblane -- a small town proud of his tennis exploits . "  It 's nice that a lot of the time when I do come back to the various tennis courts and centers they have around here , that the courts are busy and a lot more kids playing tennis . I 'm happy about that , " the 27-year-old says . "  It 's nice because when we were growing up , the tennis courts around this area never got used , they were empty all of the time . "  In some ways for us it was good because there was always tennis courts for us , but it seemed like a shame they were empty most of the year . " When he steps off the global tennis tour for the final time , Dunblane is also a place he wants to experience more of . "  I hope to spend a lot more time here when I finish playing because I do n't get the chance to come to Scotland just now , " he adds . "  This will definitely make me want to come up to Scotland a lot more and spend time with my family and be around the hotel . "  I 'm not sure exactly what my exact role or involvement will be when I am done but I hope it 's still going well at that stage . " Murray 's long-term partner Kim Sears has also played a key role in defining the decor of the hotel . The pair chose the names of the rooms -- they went for famous Scots such as the inventor of penicillin Alexander Fleming , actor Sean Connery and former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson . "  It was hard to choose the names , " confesses Murray . "  You do n't want to leave anybody out but I thought it would be a nice fun thing to do and luckily I 've got to meet some of the people that the suites are named after . They are great Scottish people . "  I might invite them to stay if I bump into them -- but they are pretty busy people . " If they do make the trip to the hotel , there is plenty to keep them entertained . Murray has installed tennis courts which are resplendent in the purple and green colors of Wimbledon -- where he will begin the defense of his title next week . The property has its own loch , which is stocked full of trout for keen fishermen , while there is also the opportunity to take part in some falconry . For now , though , Murray must put all thoughts of silver service to the back of his mind as he returns to the grass courts of London 's SW19 , where he also won the Olympic gold medal in 2012 . Last year he claimed the Wimbledon crown with a straight sets win over Novak Djokovic -- becoming the first British man to secure a victory on home soil in 77 years . Until last week , Murray had won 19 consecutive matches on grass before suffering a shock defeat at Queen 's Club by 35-year-old Czech Radek Stepanek . That loss came just days after he appointed former Wimbledon women 's champion Amelie Mauresmo as his new coach . France 's ex-world No. 1 will be in his box alongside his mother Judy when Murray opens the grand slam for the very first time . "  It will be special , " he says . "  It 's something a lot of past champions have spoken about -- going back as the winners of the men 's title the previous year . "  They open the Centre Court on the Monday so I 'm sure there will be a lot of pressure and a lot of nerves -- but I 'm looking forward to it . "	Andy Murray set to defend his Wimbledon title Murray has bought and renovated Scottish hotel Comes with its own Loch and tennis courts Hotel has 15 rooms and a gate lodge
CNN  -- From baby deliveries to unexpected deaths , Mike Bowes , a 911 dispatcher from Quincy , Massachusetts , has handled a wide range of emergency calls . Emergency dispatcher Mike Bowes received a call that his home was in flames Monday night . But Monday night , the 44-year-old received an unexpected call from his neighbor : His own house was on fire . The 911 call came in about 10:45 p.m. Monday , a little more than an hour before Mike Bowes ' shift ended . My neighbor 's house just blew up , the caller said . "  What 's the address ? " Mike Bowes asked patiently , just as he did with every emergency call for the past 11 years with the Quincy Police Department . The caller frantically relayed the address , Bowes ' home address for 20 years . "  It was shocking , " Mike Bowes said . "  I thought she was kidding . It 's a long shot . I mean , what 's the chances it will be your house ? " Out of 90,000 people who reside in Quincy , Massachusetts , a suburb of Boston , Mike Bowes ' was the home in flames , and he had answered the emergency call . Thoughts raced through his mind : Are my parents OK ? Are the neighbors safe ? What about my stuff ? Following procedure , Mike Bowes transferred the call to the fire department . Soon , dozens of calls about the fire from other neighbors began to pour into the control room . Watch Mike Bowes talk about the fire " One of the callers was his mother , Elizabeth Bowes , 68 . She and her husband , Donald Bowes , 72 , had escaped unharmed . About 10:45 p.m. , Elizabeth Bowes was reading a novel in the kitchen when she heard the explosion and saw flames shoot through the kitchen window . She ran to wake her husband in a first-floor bedroom . There was also a landlord living in upstairs . Firefighters arrived within minutes and helped her to safety . Within five minutes of receiving the call , police escorted Mike Bowes to his home . He could see the fire light up the dark sky from afar . Anxious neighbors gathered in the park nearby . He was relieved to find his parents together on the sidewalk . "  My parents are alive ; my neighbors are alive , " he said . "  It 's an inconvenience , but we 'll get through it . " In another coincidence , one of the first firefighters to arrive on scene was Mike Bowes ' cousin , Tom Bowes . Tom Bowes , a firefighter for the past eight years , scrambled into the house to salvage old albums with wedding and baby photos amid the flames . But everything else -- the clothes , electronics and furniture -- were destroyed . No one was injured in the fire , and firefighters have yet to determine what caused the blaze . They say it started in the garage , about 15 feet from the home . Mike Bowes says his job prepared him to deal with the challenging circumstances . Bowes and his family are living in a hotel , and local police officers and firefighters have donated clothes and money . "  A lot of people think dispatchers are strange because I 've been joking about what happened , " he said . "  I say , ` If I 'm not laughing , I 'll start crying . ' This is what I have to do . "	Massachusetts dispatcher answered neighbor 's call about burning home Three other people in home escaped uninjured He says his dispatch experience with crises helps him cope with losing a home
CNN  -- Hope is a wonderful thing when it spurs struggling people to aspire to better circumstances and a more promising future , lifting communities out of poverty . But combined with misinformation , opportunistic politics and outright fraud , hope can be one of the cruelest harbingers of misery . And this is the role of hope on the border these days . What is drawing thousands of children to America 's doorstep unaccompanied by their parents , aunts , uncles or anyone else they know is hope . What is prompting their loving families to send them on perilous , expensive journeys over hundreds of miles in the hands of strange men is hope . But what is awaiting them is confusion , conflict and despair . So how did this strange confluence of expectations and suffering begin ? And what is going to happen now ? Here , in a series of short questions , is how this witch 's brew was mixed . Fast facts : Immigration 1 . What is happening on the border ? In simple terms , a flood of children has been pouring across the 1,900 mile United States border with Mexico , children who are accompanied by neither their parents nor proper documentation for immigration . The primary problem is the sheer volume . In a normal year , immigration authorities would expect to apprehend and process about 8,000 undocumented children , according to federal officials . This year that number has soared to almost 60,000 , with children ranging from very young to teenagers . By the time the year is over , officials expect 90,000 unaccompanied minors will have trekked into the United States . That 's more than enough to fill the Dallas Cowboys stadium . No one knows what next year will bring , but some estimates suggest it will be even worse if nothing can be done to stem the flow . That explosive growth in the caseload has overwhelmed holding facilities , case investigators , and most importantly the immigration courts that must decide what happens with these children . 5 things to know about immigration 2 . Why kids ? Because parents in some Central American countries believe if their children can get to America , they will be given citizenship . Communities protest surge of kids 3 . Where did they get that idea ? From President Obama , to hear Republicans  and some Democrats  tell it . They say he has sent mixed messages about how undocumented immigrants will be treated . Although his administration has thrown out so many people for illegal entry that he is known in some Latino communities as the Deporter-in-Chief , he has also told Homeland Security to exercise "  discretion " in terms of deporting young people . This was the White House response after Congress failed to pass the so called Dream Act , which would have allowed many children to stay who were brought here illegally by their parents and who frankly had little or no knowledge of their "  home " countries . In any event , critics believe the President 's actions launched a subtle message south of the border : Send your kids and we 'll let them stay . 4 . What else could explain the problem ? President Bush . In 2008 , just before he left office , he signed a law to protect children from human trafficking , from being sold into the sex trade or domestic servitude . The law stipulates that children who are caught in the United States illegally and who come from countries other than Mexico and Canada should get full hearings on their status . To wit : They can argue for asylum instead of being immediately deported . That 's why the current border rush is being principally driven by children from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . Those children qualify for this treatment . The catch ? The courts that hold the hearings are so backed up that this process can last years , during which time these children can attend school , live in the United States with relatives or family friends , eat at McDonald 's and generally enjoy a full , American lifestyle . What 's the difference between immigrant and refugee ? 5 . So between Bush and Obama , does that pretty much cover the cause for all this ? No . Severe problems of poverty , gangs and crime have made more families in El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras desperate to get their children to a better place . All three nations have beautiful scenery , lovely people and stratospheric crime rates . The Honduran city of San Pedro Sula is arguably the single most likely place on the planet for a person to be murdered , higher than many U.S. cities including Chicago , Detroit , New York or Philadelphia . All indications are that smugglers , who can charge thousands of dollars to transport a young person to the United States , are more than happy to fan the flames of hope by suggesting such schemes to escape these dangerous places really will work . 6 . Will they ? Strangely enough , maybe . Some unknown percentage of these children will probably successfully argue for asylum . But beyond that , the politics make it all murky . The President 's team does not want to appear heartless , especially with children involved . Simultaneously , they do n't want it to look like they were illegally "  played " for citizenship . They are in a tough spot , and Republican critics are making it tougher because that 's what opponents do in Washington . Who will win and what that will mean to the fate of the children is anyone 's guess . 7 . So what 's happening now ? The President has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion to set up new places to hold all these children , to speed up the processing of their cases , and to strengthen the border against new arrivals . Republicans want a cheaper program that includes even more dramatic streamlining of the deportation process and even more robust border protection measures . People on both sides of the political debate say emphatically that the well-being of these children must be taken very seriously . But beyond that , the situation is still a mess and there is not yet any agreement about what to do next . And still the kids keep coming , across the rivers , over the mountains , through the deserts , with little more than their family 's hopes in hand . Immigration crisis is a political conundrum Share your immigration stories	Flood of children pouring across U.S.-Mexico border Many parents believe their kids will get citizenship if they make it to America Some blame Obama , others point to Bush for increase in children crossing border
CNN  -- Immigration reform returned to the U.S. political arena in 2010 , three years after it was knocked down by a much-debated Senate vote . The issue drew national outrage and support after Arizona enacted a state law that allows police to ask for proof of legal U.S. residency . The law initially allowed police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency , based solely on a police officer 's suspicion that the person might be in the country illegally . Arizona lawmakers soon amended the law so that officers could check a person 's status only if the person had been stopped or arrested for another reason . Critics say the law will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants . Some Hispanic Americans support law Arizona 's Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , who 's locked in a competitive re-election campaign , signed the bill into law and revived an intense national debate on what to do about illegal Mexican immigrants and undocumented workers in the United States . Brewer : Most Americans agree with me The law has become an issue in a competitive primary race for U.S. Senate as Republican Sen. John McCain fights to continue representing Arizona on Capitol Hill . McCain co-sponsored the 2007 Senate immigration reform bill , which called for tightening border security and creating a path to citizenship for some of the nation 's 12 million illegal immigrants . But faced with a tough challenge by former Rep. J.D. Hayworth , McCain has reversed his position on offering citizenship to illegal immigrants . The 2007 bill failed partly because many conservatives rallied against it , saying it offered "  amnesty " to illegal immigrants . Observers have called the nation 's failure to address immigration reform a travesty . In July , President Obama pushed Congress to pass immigration reform legislation before the end of the year . The president has described as "  promising " an immigration reform plan outlined by Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . In a statement , the lawmakers said their plan includes "  biometric Social Security cards to ensure that illegal workers can not get jobs ; fulfilling and strengthening our commitments on border security and interior enforcement ; creating a process for admitting temporary workers ; and implementing a tough but fair path to legalization " for illegal immigrants in the United States . Calls for reform ; troops to deploy along border Reaction to the Arizona law prompted Obama to enter the fray , calling on Congress to begin work on a new immigration reform bill . The president , who called the law misguided , has also ordered 1,200 U.S. troops to deploy along the Mexican border . The National Guard forces will help with drug enforcement and intelligence efforts until Customs and Border Protection can recruit and train additional officers and agents to serve on the border , an administration official said . McCain said the number fell short and called for 3,000 troops . Reflecting their outrage about Arizona 's new law , nearly 30 organizations have agreed to join an economic boycott of the state 's $ 18.6 billion travel industry , including the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , People for the American Way , the Japanese American Citizens League and the Service Employees International Union . Arizona students speak out on immigration law Lawmakers from four other states have contacted the Immigration Reform Law Institute asking for help to draft language for bills like the Arizona bill . The group has declined to identify which states . The speaker of the Rhode Island House has said an Arizona copycat bill sponsored by a Democratic lawmaker will not be considered this session . Elsewhere , prominent Senate and gubernatorial candidates who 've weighed in on the Arizona law include Florida GOP Senate candidate Marco Rubio , who supports the measure , and California Republican Senate candidate Carly Fiorina , who said she supports Arizona 's "  need to protect their citizens . " Rubio has been accused of flip-flopping on his stance over the Arizona law . Meg Whitman , a California GOP candidate for governor , has come out against the law , as has Texas Republican Gov. Rick Perry .	Anger about Arizona ID law puts talk of reform back in political spotlight Other states considering similar law , which allows police to ask for proof of legal residency Obama criticizes law , sends troops to patrol Mexican border , calls on Congress for reform In 2007 , Congress did n't pass immigration reform bill
Torrential rains washed long-buried landmines onto a heavily traveled highway near Chile 's border with Peru this week . No one was injured , but activists say the incident is a reminder of the risks such explosive devices pose . "  They are a constant threat . ... This is just reinforcing the need for all governments to clear all contaminated land , or seek assistance in doing so if you 're struggling to clear it , " said Kate Wiggans , a spokeswoman for the Geneva-based International Campaign to Ban Landmines . In the 1970s , Chile placed mines along the South American nation 's borders with Peru , Argentina and Bolivia as regional tensions rose during Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's military dictatorship , which lasted until 1990 . Decades later , more than 120,000 antipersonnel mines remain in Chile , according to the Chilean nonprofit Centro Zona Minada  Mined Zone Center  . This week 's appearance of landmines on the Pan-American Highway forced authorities to close a busy border crossing for two days while teams detonated the explosives . It was n't the first time the lingering landmines from Chile 's military rule have threatened the population , and it wo n't be the last , said Elir Rojas Calderon , the center 's director . Government officials must do a detailed evaluation of Chile 's minefields and take swifter action to remove the dangerous explosives , Rojas said . "  It has become a critical situation , affecting a very traveled pathway . And this situation is going to repeat itself . Every year this happens , and it 's something that can be controlled and prevented , " he said . Chilean officials have pledged to clear all the country 's landmines by 2020 . "  The problem that we have is that it 's very difficult work , " Defense Minister Andres Allamand told CNN Chile this week , noting that many devices are located in remote , high-altitude areas that are difficult to access . Landmines are a global problem extending far beyond the South American country 's borders , Wiggans said . Floodwaters have also pushed landmines to the surface in Pakistan and Cambodia , Wiggans said . And they 've made some mines sink farther underground , making them more difficult to detect . But that does n't make them any less dangerous , Wiggans said . "  The only way that you can say that this field is safe is if every single inch of that field has been checked by human beings . ... It 's very time consuming and costly , " Wiggans said . "  Quite often governments wo n't clear the land . They think , ` oh , the mines are miles away , no one is every going to get hurt by them . ' " In 2010 , landmines injured or killed 4,191 people , a 5 % increase from the previous year , according to an International Campaign to Ban Landmines report issued late last year . Globally , tens of thousands of victims are living with injuries caused by landmines , Wiggans said , and many of them are seriously maimed and living in poor countries with limited infrastructure and resources to support them . Roughly 80 % of the world 's countries have signed on to an international treaty banning landmines . Wiggans said other nations have stopped producing the mines , but have n't signed it , including the United States and China .	Landmines "  are a constant threat , " one activist says Long-buried mines wash onto Chile 's Pan-American Highway "  It has become a critical situation , " an activist says Removing landmines "  is very difficult work , " Chile 's defense minister says
CNN  Anna Duritskaya , the Ukrainian model who was with opposition politician Boris Nemtsov when he was shot in Moscow , is now the focus of intense interest . A beautiful brunette more than 30 years his junior , she had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years . So what is known about her ? The 23-year-old had been out for dinner with Nemtsov on Friday night . She had suggested getting a taxi , but Nemtsov did n't want to , preferring to walk , Duritskaya 's mother said . As the pair crossed a bridge in central Moscow , the 55-year-old Kremlin critic was gunned down by unknown attackers . His girlfriend was holding his hand and heard what sounded like a clapping sound , her mother , Inna Duritskaya , told CNN . Nemtsov went limp and fell to the ground , fatally shot in the back . Duritskaya is the only known witness to the shooting , which occurred 100 meters  330 feet  from the Kremlin but appears not to have been captured on security cameras . Inna Duritskaya said her daughter called her right after she called police to raise the alarm . "  She was crying and she was saying Boris had been killed and he 's lying next to me , " Inna Duritskaya said . "  She was in such shock she could n't say anything else . Just , ` Mum , Boris is killed , and he 's lying next to me . ' " On Monday , the Russian television station Dozhd published an interview with Anna Duritskaya . She told the interviewer that she did not see who killed Nemtsov , but that when she turned around , she saw a light-colored car driving away . In an interview with CNN , Ilya Yashin , a political ally and friend of Nemtsov 's , said that Duritskaya had telephoned him immediately after the shooting and said there were several men in the car containing the shooter . Over the weekend , Russian authorities questioned Duritskaya about what she saw . While in Moscow , the model was staying at the apartment of an Nemtsov aide under constant police guard . But Moscow 's Investigative Committee insisted that she was not detained and could have left at any time . "  She said she wanted to give the testimony and took part in investigative activities understanding the importance of it for the investigation , " a statement released Tuesday said . "  We received no complaints from Anna Duritskaya or her lawyer during her stay in Moscow . Only today , after investigative activities are over she left Russia . " The model left the Russian capital Monday night bound for Kiev , Ukraine , said Yevhen Perebyinis , a spokesman for Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry . Inna Duritskaya told CNN that while being questioned , her daughter faced constant psychological pressure from Moscow authorities and that she fears she will be implicated in his death . In a Skype interview with Dozhd , Anna Duritskaya indicated her continued presence in Moscow after the shooting was not from choice -- and seemed to appeal to be allowed to leave . "  Now I have a status of a witness , I gave all evidence possible , I do n't understand why I 'm still on the territory of Russia . I want to go to my mother who is ill , who is in very difficult psychological condition , " she said . "  During three days , they have been taking me together with security in police cars to the Investigation Committee and conduct the investigation . They are not explaining when they are going to release me and the reason they are keeping me here . " Perhaps not . According to the Investigative Committee , Duritskaya signed a witness protocol and confidentiality agreement , which is standard procedure in Russia . It states that she will not share information she gave to investigators or any preliminary findings of the investigation , the committee said . "  Leaving Russia , Duritskaya expressed a wish to continue to cooperate with the investigation and to participate in any ongoing investigation if needed , " it added . Inna Duritskaya said her daughter knew the risks of getting involved with the prominent opposition leader . "  Of course when I heard she was dating him , it was a bit of a shock , " she said . "  Then when I met him in person , I liked him a lot as a person . He was straightforward , he treated my daughter very well , she was happy . And I could n't influence it anyway ; my daughter did what she wanted to . Of course , I was worried and scared , but I could n't change it anyway . " Duritskaya 's reported return to Kiev means she was unable to attend her partner 's memorial service and funeral Tuesday . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	Anna Duritskaya , a 23-year-old Ukrainian model , was Boris Nemtsov 's girlfriend She was with Nemtsov when unknown attackers shot him dead in Moscow
Gruesome and seemingly endless accounts of violence in Mexico have obscured one notable bright spot in Latin America 's high-stakes struggle with powerful drug gangs . In Colombia , once home to the world 's biggest cocaine cartels , new crime organizations are being picked apart with silent efficiency -- aided by Bogota 's enthusiastic embrace of extradition . In recent years , more than 1,300 of Colombia 's top crime bosses and their most dangerous enforcers have been sent north to face trafficking charges in the United States , a dramatic turnabout from the 1990s when extradition was outlawed under coercive pressure from the Medellin and Cali cartels . Traffickers who might have continued to operate their drug organizations from luxury prison cells near their Colombian homes find themselves serving extended terms far away in U.S. penitentiaries without wall-to-wall carpets , big-screen TVs or easy phone access . Many offer to become witnesses hoping to reduce their sentences . The result has been a steady erosion of organized crime 's capabilities in Colombia -- a lesson for Mexico and other countries in the region threatened by drug gangs . Mexico 's historic reluctance to extradite its citizens to the United States should be reassessed in the face of Colombia 's success . The beauty of extradition as practiced by Colombia is not its power to stop drug smuggling . There is scant evidence it has had much direct effect in that regard . But it continues to splinter the leadership of trafficking gangs , keeping them in a perpetual state of rebuilding . In short , extradition disorganizes organized crime . And that 's what makes it such a winning strategy in a country once thoroughly compromised by cartel threats and bribes . In those days , barely 20 years ago , the Medellin and Cali cartels vied for power with the Bogota government that too often seemed to be a hostage to criminal forces . Extradition became the prize they fought over . Pablo Escobar , once the most feared thug in the drug world , was so afraid of being carted off for trial in Florida or Texas or New York that he demanded an end to extradition . He famously insisted that he preferred "  the grave in Colombia " to a prison cell in the States . But when his demands were unheeded , Escobar launched a terror campaign of political assassination , socialite kidnappings , and deadly bombings . While Escobar went to war , rival Cali cartel bosses went to the bank . They spread favors of cash , women and Caribbean vacations to any and all receptive politicians . Democracy was no match for the combined forces of corruption and intimidation . Colombia capitulated to the drug kings and let cartel lawyers rewrite portions of the national constitution to outlaw extradition . It was banned for more than six years until restored in December 1997 . More recently , its use soared as part of former President Alvaro Uribe 's campaign to disarm and demobilize narco-trafficking paramilitary groups . And he put extradition processing on a fast track after discovering that imprisoned gangsters were still running criminal enterprises from their Colombian jails . Colombia remains highly motivated today by fear of a return to the bad old days when criminal demands trumped national interests . And its success has been noticed . Mexico is showing more willingness to extradite Mexican nationals accused of major trafficking offenses in the U.S. , but its numbers are small compared with Colombia 's . About a dozen Mexican drug bosses are in various stages of extradition , a cumbersome and often frustrating process that can take two to five years . U.S. authorities complain that , among other things , Mexico requires excessive documentation before approving extradition applications -- notably the identities of certain key witnesses that can jeopardize their safety . Some of the lingering reluctance comes from national pride , from the conviction that Mexico should and can take care of its own crime problems . To that end , Mexican anti-narcotics units have been beefed up and security at its federal prisons improved . But that 's not enough . "  There 's no prison anywhere in Mexico or Colombia that puts these guys out of business like U.S. prisons , " says one American law enforcement official . There is a cost , of course . Federal prosecutions and extended incarcerations are expensive . Yet , what are the alternatives ? When Colombia was overrun by cartels , the U.S. poured in a billion dollars of aid to help a friend and ally fight back . Recently , Texas Gov. Rick Perry suggested sending U.S. troops to help Mexico , an option loaded with political as well as financial costs . It only underscores the point : Extradition is a bargain . It 's also the most potent weapon against organized crime available in the region . Mexico and its Central American neighbors should embrace it with Colombian enthusiasm . Jorge Salcedo : What I saw inside the Cali cartel Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter	William Rempel : Colombia is fighting drug lords by allowing extradition to U.S. Rempel : Extradition does n't stop smuggling , but it damages cartels Traffickers in U.S. cells ca n't run operations from luxury prisons in Colombia , he says Rempel says Mexico should take lessons from Colombia 's successful strategy
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Dancing in public is not allowed in Iran , but thousands could hardly contain themselves at a recent presidential campaign rally in the capital city , Tehran . Supporters hope Zahra Rahnavard will become Iran 's future first lady . On this day , the deafening cheers were not for presidential hopeful Mir Hossein Mousavi , but rather for his wife -- a woman some are calling Iran 's Michelle Obama . The comparisons to the first lady of the United States stem from the role Zahra Rahnavard is playing in her husband 's quest for the presidency . Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a candidate put his wife in the forefront of his campaign . Wherever Mousavi -- a centrist candidate -- goes , Rahnavard is usually nearby . Watch more about Zahra Rahnavard " "  We look at her and we say , ` we want to be like her in the future , ' " said Shakiba Shakerhosseie , one of 12,000 people who packed into Tehran 's indoor Azadi  Freedom  sports stadium to hear Rahnavard speak . Iran became an Islamic republic in 1979 after the ruling monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . The revolution also ended the ceremonial role of first lady that the last queen , Farah , enjoyed . At this rally , Rahnavard -- a writer and art professor -- spoke for her husband , who was campaigning elsewhere . Wearing a floral headscarf and a traditional black chador -- a full-length loose robe that women in Iran wear like a cloak -- Rahnavard called for freedoms she says were lost during President Mahmoud Ahmadijenad 's term . "  I hope freedom of speech , freedom of the pen and freedom of thought will not be forgotten , " she said . The crowd , which was clad in Mousavi 's trademark color green , cheered wildly . It waved placards with his picture and swayed from side to side , chanting and beating drums . The women sat on one side ; the men on the other . The overwhelming majority were young voters , many of whom said they attended because of Mousavi 's wife , a mother of three . Iran 's population -- estimated at more than 66 million -- has a median age of 27 . "  I am really angry here in Iran with the position of women , " said Saghar Kouhestani , adding that she supports Mousavi because of his wife . Mousavi , a former prime minister , is considered a threat to Ahmadinejad , a hard-liner , in the June 12 elections . He is credited for successfully navigating the Iranian economy during a bloody eight-year war with Iraq in the 1980s . Over the weekend , the Iranian government blocked access to the social networking site Facebook , where Mousavi has a page with more than 5,000 supporters , the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency  ILNA  said . Those attempting to visit Facebook received a message in Farsi saying , "  Access to this site is not possible . " Political science professor Mohammad Marandi downplays Rahnavard 's impact . She may win over reformists and women , he says , but what will win the election is a solution to the floundering economy and a strong performance in the debates . "  If Ahmadinejad does well in the debates , I do n't think anyone will be able to defeat him , " Marandi said . But try selling that to Rahnavard 's enthusiastic supporters . "  This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president , " said Farhad Mahmoudi . "  And this is why we 're so happy because we can have a first lady . "	Wife of presidential hopeful Mir Hossein Mousavi generates huge crowds Never in the history of Iranian presidential elections has a wife been in the forefront "  This is the first time after the Revolution we see a lady behind the president " Could draw young voters in Iran , where median age is 27
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Treasury Department on Tuesday froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , which it has deemed a narco-terrorist organization . The Treasury 's action , termed a "  designation , " also prohibited Americans from conducting business with FARC . "  Today 's designation exposes eight ` International Commission members ' of the FARC , " said Adam Szubin , director of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control . "  Through their service to the FARC as international representatives and negotiators , these persons provide material support to a narco-terrorist organization . " The organization , comprised of Colombian leftist rebels , is best known as FARC , its Spanish acronym . The eight in Tuesday 's designation represent the FARC in Argentina , Chile , Uruguay , Paraguay , Brazil , Peru , Ecuador , Venezuela , Panama , Mexico and Canada , the Treasury Department alleged . "  As representatives of the FARC and members of its International Commission , these individuals work abroad to obtain recruits , support and protection for the FARC 's acts of terrorism , " the department said in a written statement . "  Some are also themselves violent criminals . " One , Jairo Alfonse Lesmes Bulla , was arrested in August for allegedly plotting the assassinations of some South American officials , Treasury said . Bulla represents FARC in Argentina , Chile , Uruguay and Paraguay , according to the department . Another , Orlay Jurado Palomino , who represents FARC in Venezuela , is wanted in Colombia on charges of kidnapping , rebellion and terrorism , the department said . And Francisco Antonio Cadena Collazos , who represents FARC in Brazil , was arrested in August 2005 at the request of Colombia on charges of rebellion , the Treasury statement said . A fourth , Nubia Calderon de Trujillo , was recently granted asylum by Nicaragua , the department said . The other four are Ovidio Salinas Perez ; Jorge Davalos Torres ; Efrain Pablo Rejo Freire ; and Liliana Lopez Palacios , according to the Treasury statement .	Treasury Department targets members of Colombia rebel group The group , known as FARC , has been deemed a narco-terrorist organization Action also prohibits Americans from doing business with FARC
CNN  -- President Franklin D. Roosevelt reacted with fury when major legislative pillars of his New Deal were declared unconstitutional by a Supreme Court anchored by four ideological conservatives . He lashed out at the justices , accusing them of practicing crass politics disguised as constitutional law . Seventy-five years ago last month , FDR proposed his ill-fated court-packing plan that would have allowed him to stack the court with new appointees sympathetic to the New Deal . Will history be repeated this term when the Roberts court decides the constitutional fate of President Obama 's signature legislation , the Affordable Health Care Act ? The justices will hear five-and-a-half hours of arguments over three days , March 26-28 , on the healthcare law and deliver their judgment by the end of the term . If the court strikes down all or part of the law , Obama , like FDR before him , will almost certainly denounce the court 's decision . After all , he has already had practice in publicly criticizing the court . At his 2010 State of the Union address , with the justices sitting directly in front of him , he accused the court majority in the Citizens United decision of reversing a century of constitutional law to open "  the floodgates for special interests ... to spend without limit in our elections . " Besides the willingness of both FDR and Obama to criticize the court , there are other parallels between the two Democratic presidents . Both came to office as liberal reformers who envisioned a large role for the federal government in promoting the nation 's welfare . But in defending their policies , they revealed their very different political styles and temperaments . During his first term , Roosevelt , a supremely confident , aggressive politician , proudly brandished his liberalism as a blunt instrument against his sworn conservative enemies in the business community , whom he labeled "  economic royalists . " For most of Obama 's first term , the cool , controlled president has downplayed his liberalism , seeking to bring conservative lawmakers to the bargaining table , without notable success . Only in the past few months has he been willing to aggressively confront his political opponents . There also are notable parallels between the two chief justices , Charles Hughes and John Roberts , separated by 75 years of American history . Both were brilliant lawyers appointed to the court by Republican presidents . And both inherited formidable conservative blocs of justices whose judicial opinions demonstrated a hostility to the policies of the Democratic presidents in office . In the 1930s , the four most conservative members of the court , known as "  the four horsemen , " consistently voted to strike down far-reaching New Deal economic legislation . The Roberts court 's most conservative justices , Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia , and Clarence Thomas , all appointed by Republican presidents , have voted together on polarizing issues  such as campaign financing in Citizens United  in favor of corporate interests . The conspicuous differences between FDR and Obama are matched by the leaders of the two courts , Chief Justices Hughes and Roberts . Neither Roberts nor , perhaps , anyone else who has served on the modern court , could rival Hughes in the breadth of his career . Hughes was appointed chief justice by President Herbert Hoover in 1930 after a distinguished career as a lawyer , investigator of special interests , reform governor of New York , Supreme Court justice and secretary of State . His only failure in public life was his narrow defeat as the Republican candidate for president in 1916 by the incumbent , Woodrow Wilson . More significantly , Hughes , unlike Roberts , could not be easily categorized by the interests he advocated . As a lawyer , he defended large corporate interests but also five Socialists who had been expelled from the New York legislature because of their political convictions . As chief justice , Hughes was a centrist , often appearing to split the difference between the two warring conservative and liberal factions on the court . He wrote opinions upholding some New Deal statutes , but also voted with the majority to strike down the National Recovery Administration and the Agriculture Adjustment Act . At the same time , Hughes burnished his longstanding reputation as a stalwart civil libertarian , writing groundbreaking opinions protecting freedom of the press and association . In contrast , Roberts earned a reputation as a fierce advocate on behalf of conservative causes before his appointment to the court by President George W. Bush in 2005 . And as chief justice , he has aligned himself consistently with the most conservative members of the court . The balance of power on the Roberts court in closely divided constitutional cases has not resided with the chief justice , as it did with the Hughes court 's centrists , the chief justice and Justice Owen Roberts . Instead , the pivotal vote has usually been cast by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , who often , but not always , sides with his more ideologically conservative brethren . If the justices divide along conservative-liberal lines on the constitutionality of the federal healthcare law , Kennedy , not Roberts , will likely determine the outcome . Obama 's recent boldness in confronting his Republican opponents , as FDR routinely did throughout his presidency , suggests that he , like Roosevelt , will attack the Roberts court if it throws out his major policy initiative , the Affordable Health Care Act . But however aggressive his attack , he is not likely to emulate Roosevelt in proposing a court-packing plan to add justices more to his liking . Most historians have rated FDR 's court-packing plan as one of the worst mistakes of his presidency , a judgment that will not be lost on Obama , a careful student of American history . Even if the justices uphold the healthcare statute , the Roberts court may well be a central issue in the fall presidential campaign . Both Obama and his potential Republican opponents have said that the 2012 presidential election will be about the future direction of the country . The U.S. Supreme Court will play a prominent role in that future . The victor in the November presidential election may have the opportunity to appoint one or more justices to the Court  four justices are older than 70  . If there are vacancies during the next presidential term , the president 's appointments are likely to determine the future direction of the court and of the nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James F. Simon .	Supreme Court will hear case on Obama 's healthcare law this month James Simon : Case recalls the furious battle between FDR and the court In both cases , president 's prime achievements came under judicial review Simon : Supreme Court 's future direction could be decided by November election
CNN  -- Heavy thunderstorms are predicted in the U.S. Midwest on Thursday , a day after tornadoes battered several states , forecasters said . A storm hovers over Highway 34 , 12 miles east of Grand Island , Nebraska , on Wednesday night . Tornadoes struck parts of Minnesota and Nebraska on Wednesday , uprooting trees , downing power lines and knocking out cell phone service , emergency officials said . A tornado touched down near the city of Aurora in southeast Nebraska on Wednesday afternoon , the National Weather Service said . Aurora Mayor Marlin Seeman said the twister severely damaged a rural county five miles west of his town . Seeman said he was grateful the storm did not directly hit his town and said he would spend Thursday deploying workers to clean up nearby storm-damaged areas . There were no reports of major injuries , Seeman said . In Minnesota , a twister caused heavy damage in the Austin area in the southern part of the state . The storm tossed cars and sent trees into homes , a police dispatcher said . Strong storms are expected to hit parts of Illinois , Iowa , Minnesota and Wisconsin on Thursday , forecasters said . The National Weather Service predicted hail , winds of up to 70 mph and dangerous lightning in some areas . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Strong storms rumble through Midwest on Wednesday ; more expected on Thursday National Weather Service says tornado touched down near Aurora , Nebraska Another tornado caused heavy damage in Austin , Minnesota
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  The email of the species is deadlier than the mail . " So wrote the British actor and novelist Stephen Fry . Is the electronic age throwing sand in the face of the traditional postcard ? Tell CNN Business Traveller what you think in the Sound Off box below . Yet , we book our holidays online , we check in online , and , now we even write about our travels online -- emails and blogs packed with photos , video clips and every conceivable detail of our travels . Where does this online explosion leave the humble postcard ? In the "  good old days " we sat and crafted our cards . Saucy for the colleagues at work , respectful to the relatives , begrudging to the next door neighbor . And always : How to write as much as possible in the tiny white square without spreading over in to the address section . And hoping the postman back home would n't mind the paella stains all over the address . Many of us still value the traditional postcard . According to the Royal Mail , which runs Britain 's postal service , postcards are more popular today than they were five years ago . The service says it processes around 135 million postcards every year , 30 million more than in 2003 . But it 's a fact that some people do sniff at snail mail tales from the tropics . Why bother waiting when sending texts with pictures , video , emails by Blackberry will rub in the fact that "  We 're on Holiday and You 're Not ! " with greater immediacy . Send us your comments : Do you still enjoy sending and receiving postcards or do you feel they are out of date and inconvenient in today 's electronic age ? When did you last send a postcard and who to ? Leave a comment below to let us know what you think and we will publish the best on the CNN Business Traveller Web site .	"  CNN Business Traveller " wants to know if you still send postcards Or is it just easier and faster to send and email or write a blog entry ? Leave a comment to tell us what you think , and we will publish the best
CNN  -- The Democratic Republic of the Congo declared two days of mourning Monday and Tuesday for the victims of the massive oil tanker explosion that killed more than 230 people over the weekend . The toll from the explosion in the central African nation rose to 232 on Sunday , up two from earlier reports , government spokesman Mende Omalanga said . President Joseph Kabila 's declaration of a day of mourning requires flags to be lowered around the country and at Congo 's embassies worldwide , Omalanga said . The oil tanker blew up Saturday in the southern city of Sange , near the country 's border with Burundi , after it overturned while passing a bus , Omalanga said . Most of the victims had been sitting in a bar near the accident site watching the World Cup match between the Netherlands and Brazil , he said . When fuel began to spill from the overturned tanker , local residents attempted to collect it -- but one was smoking a cigarette , causing the tanker to explode . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	At least 232 killed by tanker explosion in Democratic Republic of the Congo Oil tanker blew up while overtaking a bus Most victims had been watching the World Cup in a nearby bar Flags to be lowered around the country
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is on the hunt for a new location to hold its final public hearing on a planned study of hydraulic fracturing , the controversial process used to extract natural gas from underground , agency officials say . "  We wanted a central location and wanted to keep it in the area where the drilling has been proposed . We 're leaving no stone unturned , " said agency spokeswoman Betsaida Alcantara . "  We are pushing to make an announcement as swiftly as possible . " In July , public hearings were held in Fort Worth , Texas ; Denver , Colorado ; and Canonsburg , Pennsylvania , to help determine how the EPA will conduct the study . A final public hearing was slated for Thursday at Binghamton , New York , but on Monday it was rescheduled for Saturday in Syracuse , New York , and on Tuesday it was postponed indefinitely , agency officials said . About 1,800 people had registered to speak for two minutes each , Alcantara said . Both of the proposed venues , Binghamton University and Syracuse 's Oncenter Complex , expressed concern about hosting an event estimated to attract 8,000 people . "  The last-minute change to Syracuse was caused by Binghamton University taking several actions to dissuade the EPA from holding the meetings at its campus , including increasing the cost from $ 6,000 to almost $ 40,000 , " the EPA said in a statement Tuesday . The university issued a statement putting the cost at $ 32,000 , which it said included "  all of the estimated operational costs that the university believed it would incur in order to ensure that activities associated with these meetings would be carried out in a safe and orderly manner . " The EPA now is planning to hold the meeting in September at a location in upstate New York that will be announced as soon as it is confirmed , Alcantara said . The meeting is open to industry stakeholders and the general public . Victoria Switzer , who registered to speak at Thursday 's hearing , is among 15 residents of the northeastern Pennsylvania township of Dimock who filed suit in November 2009 against Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. , alleging it contaminated their well water . Cabot solicited Switzer for a gas lease in 2006 , according to court records . Changing the location and then postponing the meeting was upsetting but did not come as a total surprise , Switzer said . "  I had a feeling it was going to be big , but it 's absurd , " she said . "  Who 's leading this pack ? " asked Switzer , a former schoolteacher . "  I am against drilling as it 's going now . They need to step back , call a moratorium and do some serious geological studying . " Julie Sautner of Dimock planned to attend the EPA meeting with her husband , Craig , a cable splicer , and 17-year-old daughter Kelly . They also are a part of the lawsuit . "  We might seem small , but we 're here , too , and we 're fighting the industry not to pollute , and were fighting for the future generations , " said Sautner , who added she has been unable to use her well water for nearly two years . "  We 're not mad at anybody but we 're stuck here . " The EPA announced in March that it would study the potential adverse impact that hydraulic fracturing may have on drinking water , human health and the environment , agency officials said . "  People have raised important concerns that require our attention , " said Jeanne Briskin , EPA liaison on hydraulic fracturing from the agency 's the Office of Research and Development . "  I 've worked for EPA for a long time , I was here in the early '80s , this is a case that is unusual . " Hydraulic fracturing is used by gas producers to stimulate wells and recover natural gas from sources including coalbeds and shale gas formations , said Briskin . The process requires the injection of fluids -- generally water and chemical additives . "  We need to have a baseline to get an idea of what the effects of that are , and if you 're doing monitoring you have to know what to look for , " she said . "  At the federal level there is no requirement that companies have to tell us what they use and what concentrations . " The EPA plans to complete the study design by September 2010 , begin the study in January 2011 and release initial results by late 2012 , she said . "  This is an expedited process ; it usually takes longer , " Briskin said of the timeline . "  As we get results , we 're going to be reporting them . "	The large number of people expected to attend has caused two venues to increase fees A meeting is now planned for September in upstate New York Well owners contend natural gas extraction has contaminated their water supplies
It 's a typically hot , humid August day in Bagan -- an ancient town in the heart of Myanmar 's central Mandalay region . Once the capital of the Pagan Empire , today Bagan is an expanse of intricate temples and pagodas , erected by the ancient kings in their names and , as the once-isolated country opens up to the world , a major attraction for tourists . Outside the Dhammayangyi Temple -- the largest in Bagan -- a small girl runs up to me smiling , her hair slicked back into a ponytail and her cheeks streaked with tanaka . "  Madam , ` Burmese Days ? ' Good book , " she proclaims , pushing a copy of it into my hands . "  Do you like this book ? " I ask her . "  Yes , but I only read little bit , " she said , nodding . "  My English not good . This is too difficult for me . But for you good price , madam . " The fact that a girl was gleefully selling me George Orwell 's "  Burmese Days " in broad daylight at a tourist attraction is quite remarkable for Myanmar . Heavy-handed government censorship of literature meant that , though the book was always available , it was redacted and frowned upon for its negative portrayal of the Burmese people . In 2012 , an original translation of the book -- intact and uncut -- was finally awarded a National Literary Award . That version of the book is now openly available , marking a big step forward for this country . Stifled environment Under Myanmar 's decades-long military rule that ended up isolating the country from the outside world and squandering its potential as a global player , authorities tried to suppress free thought and dissent by maintaining control over what people read and the information that was available across the country . But the British Council library -- a symbol of the country 's colonial rule until it gained independence in 1948 -- was a safe haven of information . For years , visitors could get their hands on books that were banned in the country , including "  Love and Sunshine in the East "  1930  , an obscure novel by Janet Aldis , and more recently "  The Voice of Hope , "  1997  pro-democracy politician Aung San Suu Kyi 's inspiring tale of her years under house arrest . Many books were carefully retained and protected by Monica Mya Muang , an English woman who married a Burmese barrister and moved to the country in 1937 , at a difficult time when marriages between locals and foreigners were frowned upon . In 1962 , Myanmar 's first independent government party to take power through elections was ousted in a coup d'état by the military , led by General Ne Win . As the military consolidated its control , the original British Council library was closed down . At that point , Monica Mya Muang managed to salvage and move a handful of books into the British Embassy building , where the library now lives and has since expanded into a large collection . Years later , when the Internet finally arrived in Myanmar and the country was still under the control of the military junta , the library was one of the few places where users could access international news and uncensored information , says Susana Galvan , director of Education and Arts at the British Council . Members would even safely hold political discussions and dialogues at the library . "  The irony is that we were allowed to keep the library open , " Galvan adds . Scattered education In 1988 , ill-conceived economic policies by the military government sparked protests , led by students and monks , that gripped major cities across the country , particularly in the former capital Yangon . Despite the peaceful nature of the protests , the military cracked down hard . Curfews were imposed and universities shuttered as the authorities moved to ban political discussions and gatherings among students that encouraged dissent . Most university courses were reduced to distance-learning centers scattered across the country , providing little opportunity to engage with professors and fellow students . "  Pretty much all undergraduate programs were taken via distance learning . And they were of poor quality : it involved mainly memorizing and regurgitating material , " says Galvan . The public library system also disintegrated , receiving little funding or attention . A local library I visited in Bagan was a case in point -- bookshelves creaking under the weight of unloved , mildew-covered books , most of them obscure and unrecognizable . According to a survey by the Asia Foundation , almost 90 % of books at libraries such as this one are religious texts . "  A lot of libraries are still closed or not up to date . They are usually very heavily reliant on book donations and a lot of those donations are irrelevant , " says Galvan . Yet , people were gathered inside and outside the building , reading newspapers , chatting and using the free  extremely patchy  wifi offered there . It was clearly a communal spot for the town . Signs of Hope In a way , the state and evolution of libraries and literature is a litmus test of Myanmar 's development and change since the military leadership formally stepped aside in 2011 -- as the new translation of "  Burmese Days " shows . In 2012 , Aung San Suu Kyi established the non-profit Daw Khin Kyi Foundation -- mobile libraries set up to compensate for the crumbling libraries . Vans bring a collection of over 15,000 books to the more remote areas of the country , encouraging people of all ages to delve into the literary world . Another milestone came in December last year when Yangon University started to take undergraduates on campus again -- the first time since the crackdown , breathing new life into the abandoned institution . Owing to the neglected state of the university 's library , an "  e-library " was introduced in January this year , allowing unprecedented access to thousands of up-to-date journals , textbooks and novels from organizations around the world , such as the Cambridge and Oxford journals databases . "  The first time I actually went to Yangon University in June last year , the campus was dead . There was not a single student in sight , the library materials were old , the furniture was stacked up , " says Galvan . "  But a lot has changed in a year . " Seeking to catch up with the outside world in economic terms , the civilian government has embraced the need for widespread education and freedom of thought . And investing in its human capital by slowly bolstering the libraries and universities across this vast country that were on once the verge of collapse is key to this .	Much of Myanmar 's literature was banned as military suppressed freedom of thought The country was left with thousands of libraries following British colonial rule In the past few years , some library buildings had re-opened under the civilian government Libraries in smaller towns such as Bagan became a meeting place for local population
CNN  -- France has too many foreigners and is not integrating them properly , President Nicolas Sarkozy said in an interview on French television . "  Today we have a problem , " Sarkozy said Tuesday night on France 2 TV . "  Our system of integration is working worse and worse because we have too many foreigners on our territory , and we can no longer manage to find them accommodation , a job , a school , " he said . France places a premium on national identity , pressing the population to put "  Frenchness " before religion or national background . Sarkozy is running for a second term in office , with voting set for April 22 . He faces a strong challenge from Francois Hollande of the Socialist party and a range of candidates from smaller parties , including the far-right Marine Le Pen . Sarkozy , a conservative , offered cautious praise for Hollande , but said he could not imagine his rival as president . "  Francois Hollande is an intelligent man , " Sarkozy said . "  I do not have a problem with him . The only thing is , he has never held office at the state level . Honestly , can you imagine Francois Hollande as president of France ? Imagine it ! " He said peace in the Middle East would be a top priority for him if he were re-elected . "  I hope that France -- and all of Europe -- we would take an initiative for the year 2012 to be the year of peace between Israel and the Palestinians , " he said . And he said if he won a second term he would "  celebrate with those I love -- my wife and daughter . " Issues surrounding immigration and integration have troubled French politicians for years . Last year , a controversial French law went into effect banning Islamic face coverings in public places . In 2010 , hundreds of Muslim youths rioted after a man died in a shootout with police . France has had an influx of about 130,000 people from other countries each year for the past several years , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . The country also had about 48,000 asylum seekers in 2010 . The French population is about 66 million , according to the CIA World Factbook .	NEW : France has an influx of about 130,000 people a year France is not integrating immigrants well , President Sarkozy says He is running for a second term in office and facing a strong challenge He says he can not imagine his rival Francois Hollande as president
Jeddah , Saui Arabia  CNN  A planned flogging for a Saudi blogger was not carried out Friday -- the third straight week that a scheduled set of 50 lashes was postponed after he endured wounds in an initial set in the conservative kingdom -- his sister told CNN . The reason why Raif Badawi received another reprieve Friday was n't immediately available , but previous postponements were made because doctors determined he was too badly injured in his first beating January 9 to withstand more , according to Amnesty International and his wife . The case of Badawi , who was sentenced last year to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes after a Jeddah court convicted him of insulting Islam , has garnered international headlines and global outrage . Badawi started a blog called "  Free Saudi Liberals " in 2008 to encourage discussion about Islam , particularly the intrusion of the nation 's religious police in Saudis ' personal lives . He was officially charged with "  adopting liberal thought , " "  founding a liberal website , " and insulting Islam , and was convicted of the latter . Badawi received his first 50 lashes on January 9 and was taken back to prison . He was n't flogged as scheduled in subsequent weeks , including this Friday , his sister , Samar Badawi , said . Said Boumedouha , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program , said last week that Saudi authorities should "  publicly announce an end to his flogging and release him immediately and unconditionally , " rather than assess his fitness to be flogged week by week . "  Raif Badawi is still at risk . There is no way of knowing whether the Saudi Arabian authorities will disregard the medical advice and allow the flogging to go ahead , " Boumedouha said last week . CNN 's Victoria Eastwood reported from Jeddah . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Previous postponements came after doctors found Raif Badawi had n't recovered from his first beating Badawi was sentenced last year to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for insulting Islam He started a blog in 2008 to encourage discussion about Islam , particularly intrusions into Saudis ' personal lives
CNN  -- Following AstraZeneca 's most recent rejection of Pfizer 's bid , many may ask if this is a lost opportunity for British innovation , or the salvation of it ? I think both points of view miss the real story . The key challenge for the UK is not about ownership structure , but about being a hub for the development of 21st-century medicines . To be sure , most of the UK life science sector will be mightily relieved that Britain is still home to two of the global giants of biomedicine . But Britain must not become complacent about bioscience investment . To keep them and other companies investing here we need to continue the prime minister 's crusade to make the UK the best place in the world for 21st century medicine design . To understand why , you need to understand the sector . Having worked for fifteen years in the industry -- not for "  Big Pharma , " but for insurgent biotech companies and charities , who are increasingly the ones discovering most of the new medicines -- the controversy over the proposed merger was fascinating . It highlighted fundamental issues at the heart of the revolution transforming the pharmaceutical industry . The truth is that "  Big Pharma " is failing to develop enough new medicines . Their old business model -- dependent on producing a steady pipeline of expensive "  blockbuster " drugs to sell to Western governments -- is broken . Instead , these companies have now become reliant on the smaller and more innovative biotechs  and increasingly charities  to fill their pipelines with a new world of genetically targeted medicines . The pharma sector is radically changing , from being all about the discovery of old style drugs through biological research , to the design of personalized and genetically profiled drugs through research based more in hospitals than pharma factories . To succeed in this new world of 21st century biomedicine , the UK has to unleash the unique power of its public health service the NHS -- a global powerhouse for modern drugs design . If we do so , we can deliver huge benefits to NHS patients , slow death rates in key diseases like cancer , reduce our drugs bill by making the UK the fastest and best place in the world to develop , test and prove these new medicines -- which would allow us to pay a discounted rate -- AND kickstart a 21st century life sciences cluster . It 's a massive prize . That 's why I was so pleased when the prime minister invited me to help the UK set out our ground-breaking Life Science Industrial Strategy in 2011 , which has been internationally welcomed . Different companies are responding to this challenge in different ways . AstraZeneca last year electrified the sector by wholeheartedly embracing the Life Science Strategy , embedding its staff in the Cambridge biotech and hospital campus . Pfizer , meanwhile , is known in the sector as the lead exponent of the M&A model : delivering shareholder returns by acquiring other companies . In either case , the success of the Life Science Strategy was proved when both announced that after closing their respective factory plants in Sandwich and Cheshire , they were moving not to Cambridge , Massachusetts , but Cambridge , UK . The fact that these companies are in the UK , despite our becoming in recent decades one of the slowest and lowest priced purchasers of drugs , is testament to the model we have adopted . The truth is that we need to worry less about who owns these companies -- after all the shareholders in both cases are global , as is the management -- and more about their level of commitment to the UK as a place to develop and sell modern medicines . We need to be rolling up our sleeves and making sure whoever owns the company has a strong commitment to the UK for the right reasons , namely because it is the best place on earth to develop 21st-century medicines . Western governments no longer have a right to expect or demand investment . We have to compete and win it by being more entrepreneurial . The truth is that what really matters is that the UK remains a world-class place to discover and develop new 21st-century medicines . If we get that right , we can be relaxed about where the capital and talent flows from . Without it , we wo n't have any takeovers to debate . The very possibility of the takeover was a tribute to the UK as a place where people want to do business . For the physical and economic health of us all , long may it remain that way . READ MORE : Pfizer ditches pursuit of AstraZeneca READ MORE : Pfizer bid reveals British protectionism WATCH MORE : Pfizer defends its bid The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the George Freeman .	MP George Freeman says the failed Pfizer bid for Astrazeneca is not a lost opportunity Instead , it ensures a focus on the crusade to make the UK a hub for medicine design Freeman says the UK must look to its public health service to boost research That will ensure the debate continues to be around doing business in the UK
CNN  -- "  Dancing with the Stars " got off to a fresh start Monday with actor Alfonso Ribeiro taking the lead in the season 19 premiere . The episode was the debut of the new cast , which includes "  Fresh Prince " star Ribeiro , comedian Tommy Chong , athlete Lolo Jones , "  Duck Dynasty " star Sadie Robertson and more . Performing a jive with pro partner Witney Carson , Ribeiro got a standing ovation for his moves . Judge Julianne Hough , herself a former "  Dancing with the Stars " pro , said she was "  blown away , " and her fellow judges Len Goodman , Bruno Tonioli and Carrie Ann Inaba seemed to agree . All told , Ribeiro walked away from Monday 's show with a score of 36 out of a possible 40 , the best of the night . Right behind him was "  Duck Dynasty 's " Robertson , who nailed her cha-cha with pro partner Mark Ballas . Performed to Katy Perry 's "  Birthday , " Robertson 's routine earned a score of 34 . On the greener side of things was Tommy Chong , who rolled onto the set with his comedy partner , Cheech Marin . The 76-year-old bluntly told Time magazine recently that he 's hoping to give his career another boost with "  DWTS , " along with his dream of becoming "  the poster boy for the marijuana community . " "  Medical marijuana is my passion in life . I went for jail for my beliefs . Now that we 're getting legal , I want to focus on the benefits of medical marijuana -- it helps little children with epilepsy and MS , and it helped me with my cancer , " Chong said . And while "  Dancing with the Stars " wo n't allow him to "  show pot leaves or bongs , " Chong continued , "  they have Tommy Chong , who really is a pot leaf . " So when he made his entrance during Monday 's show , it was no accident that Chong and his partner , Peta Murgatroyd , were wearing so much green .  "  Peta , my partner , " Chong told Time , "  is going to look like a little marijuana bud . " The verdant pair did a cha-cha to Snoop Dogg 's "  Drop It Like It 's Hot , " much to the delight of the judges , who awarded them 27 points . On the lower side of the scoreboard were designer Betsey Johnson and Olympian Lolo Jones . Johnson 's cha-cha suffered from a bit of a wardrobe malfunction , and she and partner Tony Dovolani earned the lowest score of the night with a total of 20 . Jones and her pro partner , Keo Motsepe , did n't fare much better . Even she admitted that her routine , a cha-cha , was pretty "  awful , " and the judges did n't disagree . Jones and Motsepe were given a score of 22 , the second-lowest of the evening . The "  Dancing with the Stars " audience also gets a chance to weigh in on its favorite pair . On Tuesday night , the dancing duo with the lowest combined score of audience votes and judges ' votes will be the first elimination of the season .	"  Dancing with the Stars " premiered Monday night The season 19 cast made its debut Actor Alfonso Ribeiro is in the lead Designer Betsey Johnson and Olympian Lolo Jones were in the bottom two
LONDON , England  CNN  -- CNN International 's Going Green is back for another special series of in-depth reports , this time looking into the world 's green pioneers . From groundbreaking ideas in conservation , to the latest water sanitization systems that are impacting the world while advancing the green movement , this next edition focuses on innovative ways to tackle today 's environmental challenges . Anchored by CNN 's New Delhi-based correspondent Sara Sidner , "  Going Green -- Eco Pioneers " visits Rajendra Singh , also known in India as the "  Rainman of Rajasthan , " who is on a self-imposed mission to improve access to water in one of India 's driest states . Watch the ` Rainman ' of Rajasthan " CNN 's Michael Holmes tells how Australian Geoff Lawton is working to spread his knowledge about Permaculture , which he says can turn arid land into fertile food-growing territory . Watch Lawton 's oasis in the desert " In Argentinean Patagonia , CNN 's Brian Byrnes speaks with Douglas Tompkins , the environmentalist and founder of The North Face clothing company . He is the biggest private land owner in Chile and is advancing conservation initiatives in the southern tip of the South American continent . CNN 's Brian Byrnes reports from Argentina " And reporting from Texas , CNN correspondent Ed Lavandera takes viewers on a tour of the laboratories of Pliny Fisk , an American engineer who is paving the way for more environmentally friendly structures .	CNN International 's Going Green is back with new special on Eco Pioneers See "  Going Green " for stories , tune into television special from October 1 Half-hour special profiles four environmental pioneers on four continents
Editor 's note : We asked readers to weigh in on CNN.com Live producer Jarrett Bellini 's vacation destination , and you chose South Africa . Check back for updates on his trip . Giraffes are a common sight in Kruger National Park . KRUGER NATIONAL PARK , South Africa  CNN  -- I spent two nights sleeping under a full-moon sky , nestled in my trusty hammock at Kruger National Park . Our guides provided us with tents , but I figured I would n't have too many opportunities in my life to slumber in the open bush on the African continent . Thus , I rested more or less exposed throughout the night , hoping that a lion would n't figure that he would n't have too many opportunities in his life to maul a sleeping American tourist in the open bush on the African continent . Needless to say , I survived , and it was magnificent . Visually speaking , I was n't sure what , exactly , to expect from a South African safari , for my complete mental database of safari images spanned a wide variety of distinct landscapes , and most were cartoonishly obstructed by rich , middle-aged tourists covered head to toe in unnecessary beige safari gear . However , Kruger National Park seemed to fit , quite perfectly , my idea of the African savannah . Arid and brown from the winter dry season , it was a forever-long expanse of low trees and dusty earth , the kind that somehow allows the early sun to reflect that perfect glow of stunning reds and oranges . See the animals " Our guide was a self-proclaimed African bushman named Elson , who seemed to have an amazing one-ness with both the land and the animals . We 'd be driving down one of the many nondescript dirt roads at a fairly fast pace , only to have him hit the brakes of our jeep , slam into reverse and point out a leopard 200 yards away . It would take the rest of us a fair bit of time to finally see what he noticed at a mere passing glance . He knew the land , and he knew the animals -- a talent that proved helpful for finding the less common residents in the savannah . The other creatures carelessly came into view as though the roads and cars were just a natural part of their habitat , a mild annoyance at worst . iReport.com : Share your South Africa experiences and suggestions Kruger National Park is roughly the same size as Israel , and here , many animals roamed right along the roadside , gnawing on whatever vegetation remained until the rainy season would flourish the plants anew . Seemingly endless miles of terrain , and there they were just feet away from us . If you did n't know you were in a national park , you might think you were in a zoo . That 's how close the animals came to our jeep . Only , here , they were n't in separate enclosures , wandering aimlessly within an artificial terrain . This was truly their home , and we were only passing guests . Giraffes tore away at high branches . Elephants walked fearlessly , one-by-one across the road . Rhinos ... well , the rhinos pretty much just sat there looking stupid . But the zebras frolicked . The hippos splashed in the water . And the baboons stopped at nothing to make me laugh . Of course , the rare lions and leopards pretty much just shaded themselves under distant trees , and the crocs swam silently through the bog . But they were there . And we were there . And it was beautiful . And just as soon as it began , our time in the South African bush was over . A couple of giraffes and elephants met us by the roadside to bid our group farewell as we drove out of the park . The preserve faded silently behind us , and the road ahead paved my way to Swaziland for a short stopover before continuing to the second part of this South African journey .	CNN.com 's Jarrett Bellini is traveling in South Africa Readers chose his destination and can share their travel suggestions Bellini will provide updates from South Africa on CNN.com and CNN.com Live
CNN  Today , as we celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , I know there are those who will ask , "  How long will it take ? " How long until the dream is fulfilled ? How long until our destination is reached ? But , like Dr. King , we must continue to march on . We march on toward the realization of the American Dream . We are not diverted by those who would deny opportunity based on what we look like or where we came from or who would deny equality based on who we love . We march on poverty , until every child has the nourishment of body and mind needed to fuel their chance at success . We must find ways to bring those from the "  outskirts of hope " closer to the circle of opportunity . We march on ballot boxes , because the rights for which we fought are too important to give up now . And no one should silence us simply because they might disagree with our views . We march on because all lives matter , not to be judged by the color of their skin . How long ? Not long , because the images and words and fights of half a century ago still have the power to rouse us to march . How long ? I do n't really know . But as Dr. King once told us , "  the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . " This year , I know I am not the only one with the Oscar-nominated "  Selma " on my mind . Across the country , people are lining up in theaters and watching a raw image of the sacrifice 600 voting rights marchers made : as they pursued the right to vote , they were brutally attacked by police using billy clubs and tear gas . The lessons of the struggle depicted in this movie are important , important enough to be mindful of them every day . But we should be especially mindful as we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. . Day . Today is a day of national reflection , but it is also a day of action . Remembering those who sacrificed before us is important , but carrying on their legacy and continuing to march forward is essential . The walk from Selma to Montgomery that turned into Bloody Sunday leaves us with a strong reminder of how much those before us gave for basic human rights . The walk is a strong reminder of how John Lewis stood side-by-side with Dr. King , so that today he can stand in the chambers of Congress and continue to use his voice to fight , as he did 50 years ago , for the right to vote . Because even though 50 years have passed since the marches of 1965 that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , we are still in that fight today . Just last week , Republican House Judiciary Chair Bob Goodlatte said that it 's not "  necessary " to fix the mangled Voting Rights Act after the Supreme Court 's decision left the door open to burdensome and unfair voting restrictions . All I can say is he either does not read the news or he does n't think protecting all eligible Americans ' right to vote is important . In the last election cycle , we saw the country take significant steps backward as more states restricted the right to vote . In Ohio and Wisconsin , Republicans passed measures limiting the times polls are open and cutting weekend voting typically favored by black and low-income voters . In North Carolina , Republicans passed what have been called the "  nation 's most restrictive voting laws , " establishing rules that make it more difficult for people to register to , and actually , vote . In Texas , students were banned from using student IDs as a valid form of identification , while recently married or divorced women were stopped from voting if their names did not match their IDs . And it 's important to remember that all of these new voting restrictions are aimed at addressing a problem that does not exist . Reported cases of voter fraud are incredibly rare , so it 's puzzling why the GOP is so insistent on pushing these laws . One thing we do know is that these laws disproportionately affect women , young people , the elderly , African-American and Latino voters -- voters who traditionally vote for Democrats . Those negatively affected by these unnecessary , indeed oppressive , voting restrictions constitute over half of the voting population . The 2014 midterm elections left us with even more conservative state houses and more conservative governors , so it 's never been more important that we remain vigilant in fighting back against these discriminatory measures . When more voices are heard , our country is better for it . When more voices are heard , the leaders better represent the views of those they represent . Our country has seen unrest this year , and as our civil rights leaders taught us , a vote is the clearest way to make our voices heard , to stand up for our convictions . We have such a pressing moral obligation to live up to the name of this day . For Dr. King who gave his life , along with many others including Jimmie Lee Jackson , Viola Liuzzo and the Rev. James Reeb , for the 600 individuals who made unbelievable sacrifices that day in Selma , for our children who should not have to face the same hardship the men and women before us had to face . Let 's honor this day and those who fought for freedom before us , and let 's keep fighting for the things we still believe make us the country we are today . Let us continue to march on .	Donna Brazile : Anniversary of Selma 50 years ago reminds us work on rights continues She says voting rights have to be defended anew against assaults over nonexistent voter fraud
CNN  -- There was no one else like him , certainly not in our time , likely not ever . Is this an overstatement ? Put it this way : How would you ever typecast Philip Seymour Hoffman ? Gangster ? Priest ? Cop ? Super villain ? Spy ? Schoolteacher ? Sybarite ? Vagrant ? A president of the United States ? Let 's put it another way : Who could you imagine doing all these things in ways that no one else had done before ? Just so . No one . Hoffman , who was found dead at 46 of an apparent drug overdose Sunday , had at one time or another played some of those above-mentioned roles and did with an open-hearted incisiveness that unsettled presumptions and awakened possibilities . When Hoffman was onscreen , you knew you were going to see a kind of person who , while you may not have personally encountered in real life , you acknowledged as a plausible human being , no matter how quirky or disorienting his personality . Whether he was playing the manipulative , abusive , but emotionally needy cult leader in 2012 's "  The Master "  to these eyes , his finest big-screen performance  , a crusty , disheveled but faintly idealistic CIA operator in 2007 's "  Charlie Wilson 's War " or a pampered , egocentric but observant rich boy in 1999 's "  The Talented Mr. Ripley , " Hoffman layered his technical skills with compassion , insight and sense of risk . Those skills were not inconsiderable . He packed a resonant voice that could vault several octaves above its normal deep-dyed wooly tone .  Look no further than his Oscar-winning performance in the title role of 2005 's "  Capote . " 5 reasons we loved Philip Seymour Hoffman He exercised a meticulous sense of detail , lightly tailored for each role , no matter how ludicrous  "  Mission : Impossible III 's " grimy , wealthy and sadistic bad-guy-in-charge  or familiar  "  Moneyball 's " blustery , seen-it-all team manager  . His was the kind of versatility commonly associated with the character actor more than with the movie star . Yet it was Hoffman 's broad range and penetrating compassion that made him , if not a star , a reliable brand name for movies that aimed higher than commercial cinema usually bothered . You looked forward to seeing Hoffman 's name in the credits , if only to see what kind of weirdness was in store . It was n't apparent at first how far and how fast Hoffman 's oddly configured star would rise . Depending on how long you 'd been going to the movies , you might have first noticed him as the petulant , trigger-happy small-town policeman in 1994 's "  Nobody 's Fool " or as the swaggering , borderline-deranged craps player in 1996 's "  Hard Eight . " Neither of these performances prepared you for his sweet , out-of-left-field portrayal of Scotty J , a gay , grubby-puppy production assistant for a porn-movie outfit in 1997 's "  Boogie Nights . " After a while , the only thing you expected from Hoffman was the unexpected . He gave a persuasive , tender rendering in 2000 's "  Almost Famous " of the ill-fated rock critic Lester Bangs  whose premature drug-related death , not depicted in the film , deepens the poignancy of Hoffman 's own  . A succession of misfits , screw-ups , neurotics , thwarted dreamers and self-deluded narcissists followed offset by such complicated , intriguing characters as the tormented visionary theater director Caden Cotard in 2008 's "  Synecdoche , New York . " Cotard is one of the few characters in Hoffman 's curriculum vitae whose massive urges for sex , adulation and control are sated , but whose more cosmic yearnings remain unfulfilled . Even when not playing someone clinging to life 's margins , Hoffman played his own worst enemy . Perhaps that 's what endeared him to us the most , this unlikely icon of craftsmanship whose physical presence called to mind how Dorothy Parker once described James Thurber 's cartoon characters : Having the "  outer semblance of unbaked cookies . " From this loose , somewhat baggy set of physical attributes , Hoffman sculpted vivid depictions of the human heart at its most besieged and overwhelmed . The effort he put into these renderings showed he cared about the unlucky , the awkward and  despite it all  the most dauntless among us . Is all this overstatement ? Only if you can think of anyone else who will carry on in his absence . And I 'm stumped ... and sad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : There was no other actor like Philip Seymour Hoffman He did n't play a certain kind of role but had astonishing range , he says Seymour says the actor made you wonder what he would have in store He says Hoffman 's acting vividly sketched the lives of people who are besieged and unlucky
CNN  An Ohio federal judge on Friday ordered Christopher Lee Cornell , charged with planning a bomb-and-shoot attack on the U.S. Capitol , held in jail without bond . Magistrate Judge Stephanie K. Bowman issued the ruling at a detention hearing in U.S. District Court in Cincinnati . An FBI agent said Cornell , 20 , planned to set off pipe bombs at the U.S. Capitol to put lawmakers and employees in panicked flight and then gun them down with an assault rifle as they ran across his path and that of an accomplice . Agents said they arrested Cornell on Wednesday before he could put his plot into action . The man Cornell believed was his partner was actually an FBI informant . Cornell had researched bomb-making instructions and by Wednesday , agents said , had bought two M-15 rifles with 600 rounds of ammunition . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano and correspondent Alexandra Field contributed to this report .	Federal judge orders Christopher Lee Cornell held without bond Cornell is accused of planning to bomb U.S. Capitol He planned to gun down people as they ran from the Capitol , agents say
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Kabul is withdrawing its personnel from an Afghan media center , saying it is reviewing and reassessing its relationship . "  We have been planning to transition U.S. personnel and assistance , and that process has begun , " said a statement posted Wednesday on the embassy website . "  We want to ensure that U.S. support and resources are used efficiently and effectively as the transition takes place . " The statement did not detail why the embassy decided to pull its personnel , who act as advisers to the Government Media and Information Center . The center is responsible for shaping the government 's positions and responses to Afghan news issues . The Washington Post , citing anonymous Afghan and Western officials , reported that the embassy pulled its advisers amid concerns it had become politicized in recent months . The newspaper reported , according to officials , that there were concerns about how the media center "  has been managed and the allocation of resources . " The embassy said it had no reaction to the Post report .	The U.S. Embassy says it wants to ensure that resources are used efficiently The embassy did not detail why it was reassessing its relationship with the center Report : Embassy move linked to concerns over center 's politicization
CNN  Three teenagers from northwest London were released on bail Sunday after their alleged plans to travel to Syria led to their arrest . Two 17-year-olds boys and a 19-year-old man were arrested "  on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts , " the Metropolitan Police said . The investigation started on Friday , after police learned the two 17-year-olds were missing and were believed to be traveling to Syria . They were traveling with a 19-year-old , police said . British authorities shared intelligence regarding the 17-year-olds with Turkish officials on Friday , and that night , the individuals landed in Istanbul on a flight from Barcelona , Spain , a Turkish official told CNN . The teens were stopped , along with another person who had been regarded as suspicious by Turkish intelligence working at the airport 's risk analysis center , which monitors risky flights and runs checks on suspicious passengers trying to enter Turkey . Turkish authorities questioned the teens , the Turkish official said , and the Metropolitan Police said the three arrived back in London shortly before midnight Saturday and were arrested . "  When we have intelligence shared with us there is no problem . We stop them and directly deport them . And of course Turkish intelligence is always on the lookout as well , " the Turkish official said . Turkey on Thursday arrested a person who worked for an undisclosed nation 's intelligence service on suspicion of helping the girls , according to Turkey 's foreign minister . On Friday , a Turkish television network aired a video purportedly showing the girls preparing to cross the Turkish border into Syria . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Arwa Damon and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Three teens were released on bail in London , where they face terror charges Three males -- two of them 17 , one of them 19 -- detained by Turkish authorities , police say
CNN  -- The records kept tumbling for Michael Phelps Thursday as he beat arch-rival Ryan Lochte to win the men 's 200m individual medley . It was the 16th gold medal of his remarkable Olympic career , but his first in an individual event at the London Games . The 27-year-old from Baltimore becomes the first man to win gold in the same event at three consecutive Olympics and extends his record breaking overall medals tally to 20 . It came just 48 hours after he won his 18th and 19th Olympic medals to overtake Russian gymnast Larisa Latynina in the all-time list . Infographic : Records , medals and Phelps -- The numbers behind London 2012 Phelps led from start to finish to hold off Lochte down the final freestyle leg to win in one minute 54.27 seconds , just 0.04 secs outside his own Olympic record . Hungary 's Laszlo Cseh claimed the bronze medal . Lochte had taken bronze behind fellow American Tyler Clary in the earlier final of the men 's 200m backstroke and Phelps said his rival for gold would have been feeling that effort . "  That was cool , I knew Ryan  Lochte  would be tough but coming off the 200 back that was a hard double , " he told BBC Sport . Read more on how Phelps considers himself ` normal ' Phelps , who revealed he had received a congratulatory phone call from U.S. President Barack Obama , has two more events to add to his tally before retiring from swimming . He qualified for the final of the men 's 100m butterfly later Thursday by winning his semifinal in 50.86 seconds and will be a member of the American medley relay squad . Earlier , Rebecca Soni broke the women 's 200m breaststroke world record for the second time in two days to win Olympic gold . Soni won in two minutes 19.59 seconds , the first woman under the magic two minutes 20 second barrier . Japan 's Satomi Suzuki took silver and Russian Yuliyia Efimova earned bronze . Ranomi Kromowidjojo broke the American dominance by claiming the women 's 100m freestyle gold for the Netherlands . She edged out Aliaksandra Herasimenia of the Belarus with Tang Yi of China taking bronze .	Michael Phelps wins men 's 200 meters individual medley First individual gold of London Games for swimming legend Rebecca Soni breaks world record in women 's 200m breaststroke Ranomi Kromowidjojo snaps American dominance in women 's 100m freestyle
CNN  -- A clinical second half strike from Samuel Eto'o sealed a famous Champions League victory for Inter Milan over Chelsea to cap a triumphant return to Stamford Bridge for their coach Jose Mourinho . The Cameroon striker seized on a fine through pass from Wesley Sneijder to score the only goal of the second leg in the 78th minute to give the Italian champions a 3-1 aggregate victory . It was no more than Mourinho and his men deserved after having several excellent chances to put the tie beyond Chelsea 's reach . Inter led the last 16 clash 2-1 from the first leg in the San Siro , but many were expecting English Premier League title challengers Chelsea to overturn the deficit . But they reckoned without the tactical wiles of their former manager Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti 's men scarcely created a chance throughout the 90 minutes as the prolific Didier Drogba and strike partner Nicolas Anelka were blunted . To cap a dismal evening for Ivorian international Drogba , he was sent off five minutes from the end for a stamping incident on Thiago Motta in the Inter penalty area . Former Barcelona star Eto'o had begun his evening by wasting an opportunity to put his side further ahead in the opening skirmishes as a John Terry mistake left him to head tamely at Ross Turnbull from close range . A feature of the first half was a number of last-ditch blocks by Inter defenders , the first by Maicon as Drogba was left with a clear sight of goal . Walter Samuel also denied Florent Malouda and Chelsea appealed in vain for a penalty when Motta tangled with Branislav Ivanovic after a corner . Chelsea ended the half besieging the Inter goal and their prospects looked bright for the second half , but it was Inter who proved the more dangerous on the break . Sneijder exploited gaps on the Chelsea defense and from his pass the best chance fell to Argentine Diego Milito but he scuffed his shot wide of Turnbull and the goal . Motta also headed wide from close range , but when Eto'o was given the same opportunity he showed his quality and might have added another but for a fine save by Turnbull after Drogba had left Chelsea with 10 men . Mourinho said his team had given the "  perfect performance " but was growing concerned after they had wasted several excellent chances . "  When we did score , Chelsea were completely out of the game . I thought everything was superior , not just our tactics but our attitude on the pitch , " the Portuguese coach told Sky Sports .	Inter Milan beat Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to win last 16 tie 3-1 on aggregate A 78th minute goal from Samuel Eto'o settles Champions League clash Chelsea 's Didier Drogba is sent off five minutes from time after stamping incident Inter coach Jose Mourinho guided Chelsea to two English Premier League titles
CNN  -- Poof . Gone . That 's what will happen to many of the vacation days workers do n't use by December 31 . Americans are expected to subject two days to this unfortunate fate in 2012 , according to a study released Thursday . What 's more , that sacrifice comes from a smaller overall pool of days . In 2012 , Americans reported receiving 12 days of vacation , compared with 14 days last year . Of those 12 , they 're expected to take only 10 this year , according to Expedia 's annual Vacation Deprivation study . Even so , American workers still take more vacation than their Asian counterparts , the study shows . The Japanese are expected to take only five of 13 allotted days . South Koreans will likely take seven out of 10 . Asian workers also work the longest weeks , about 44 hours , according to the study . Average Americans work a 40-hour week , the most common , while the Dutch have the lightest work week of the 22 nations surveyed , putting in just 35 hours . 5 cheaper times to travel The survey was conducted online by Harris Interactive and included responses from 8,687 employed adults in 22 countries . Europeans are still the champions of making the most out of a relative boatload of vacation -- typically 25 to 30 days off in addition to holidays . In France and Spain , workers tend to take the full 30 days , while Germans take 28 of their 30 days . British , Swedish and Norwegian workers do n't waste a single day , taking all 25 of their vacation days . "  Studies consistently show that an ideal work-life balance leads to happier and more productive employees , " John Morrey , general manager of Expedia.com , said in a statement . "  Your vacation days are not a gift , not a luxury . They 're yours to use . " Overall , workers cited difficulty coordinating time off with family and friends and the possibility of rolling the days over into the next year as the biggest reasons they do n't take their days . Workers in the U.S. , U.K. , Canada , Japan and Ireland cited money concerns as the biggest hurdle to taking their vacation time . Bosses in Norway , Sweden and Brazil are the most supportive of employees taking vacation time , the survey said , while more than half of bosses in Italy and South Korea were not so keen on the idea of workers getting away . 7 breathtaking clifftop hotels Beach vacations ranked as the most popular escape , with 35 percent of respondents flocking to the water . So head to the shore , or lounge around in your living room . Just take those days , Morrey urges . "  Instead of letting those days quietly expire , take that time and connect with the world outside your office . " Are you taking all of your days ? Why or why not ?	Americans are expected to let two vacation days expire this year , study finds Americans expected to take 10 days , while Japanese workers are likely to take five of 13 Europeans are the champions of making the most of their 25 to 30 vacation days
CNN  -- A man has admitted he killed his uncle 's 6-year-old stepdaughter , whose body was found in a Louisiana trash can this week , a spokesman for the Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . Matthew Flugence admitted to detectives Wednesday morning that he stabbed Ahlittia North , a girl he previously babysat , over the weekend , Col. John Fortunato said . Flugence , 20 , was arrested in the case on Tuesday , the day authorities found Ahlittia 's body in a trash can down the street from her mother and stepfather 's apartment in the New Orleans suburb of Harvey . Flugence , who had an outstanding warrant charging him with sexually assaulting an 11-year-old girl last year , has been charged with murder in Ahlittia 's death , Fortunato said . "  I do n't know what I else I can say about the character of an individual that just admitted to killing a 6-year-old , " Sheriff Newell Normand told reporters Wednesday morning when asked about Flugence 's background . "  I think that speaks for itself . " Flugence 's brother Russell , 21 , was arrested on suspicion of obstructing justice in Ahlittia 's death , Normand said earlier this week . Russell Flugence had information about the crime that he did n't come forward with , and he also had information implicating his brother , the sheriff asserted . Matthew Flugence told investigators that he killed Ahlittia after finding her early Saturday outside the Harvey apartment where her mother and her stepfather -- Flugence 's uncle -- lived , Normand said Wednesday . "  Flugence 's  story is  that  in the early morning hours ... he happened to see her out and about , and he was out and about , walking through the neighborhood , " Normand said . The investigation began after Ahlittia 's mother awoke Saturday to find her gone from the apartment , authorities said . The girl was living with her mother for the summer , but normally lived with someone else in Donaldsonville , about 60 miles to the west , Normand said . After she was reported missing , investigators spent Saturday combing the neighborhood , looking in alleys , Dumpsters and boarded-up fourplexes . They found a pool of blood in one of the buildings , Normand said , and when DNA results came back Monday evening showing the blood belonged to Ahlittia , investigators searched the area again . That 's when they found the girl 's body in a garbage can , wrapped in a blanket from her house and covered in a garbage bag , Normand said . Investigators looked at the garbage can during their first search of the neighborhood , so they know the body was put inside sometime after Saturday , he said . Flugence told detectives Wednesday that he killed Ahlittia on Saturday with a knife that investigators found on him when he was arrested , Normand said . Flugence was arrested Tuesday after people told authorities that he was walking along a road in nearby Westwego , asking for money and telling them he was on the run from police , officials said . Ahlittia suffered four stab wounds -- two to her neck , likely the fatal wounds , and two to the abdomen , Jefferson Parish Coroner Gerald Cvitanovich said . She also had bruises to the front and back of her head , shoulder , lower back , and lower extremities . Cvitanovich said were no obvious signs during an autopsy of sexual assault . When asked Wednesday whether it was hard to believe that Flugence 's relatives did n't know about the sexual assault warrant , Normand said : "  No . " "  A lot of that information came about during the course of this investigation " into Ahlittia 's death , he said . CNN 's Melissa Gray and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Matthew Flugence , 20 , admitted stabbing 6-year-old Ahlittia North , authorities say Ahlittia 's body was found in trash can Tuesday , three days after she was reported missing Authorities say Flugence babysat the girl in the past The girl is the stepdaughter of Flugence 's uncle , police say
CNN  -- NASA launched an unmanned rocket to the moon Friday night to study its lunar atmosphere and environment . The 90-foot rocket carrying the orbiter was expected to be visible to much of the eastern U.S. seaboard when it launched from Virginia , officials said earlier . If skies were clear , residents of the Carolinas , northern Maine , West Virginia and Pittsburgh could see it , authorities said . It launched at 11:27 p.m. ET at the Wallops Flight Facility at Wallops Island . The Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer is designed to "  orbit the moon to gather detailed information about the lunar atmosphere , conditions near the surface and environmental influences on lunar dust , " NASA said . "  A thorough understanding of these characteristics will address long-standing unknowns , and help scientists understand other planetary bodies as well , " NASA said . Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo completes 2nd powered flight Nicknamed LADEE , it is expected to reach the moon on October 6 . Earth 's distance from the moon is between 223,700 miles to 251,700 miles depending on the moon 's position , the space agency says . CNN 's Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	NEW : It launched at 11:27 p.m. ET from Virginia NEW : It will study the lunar atmosphere and environment NEW : It will have an orbiter to gather information on the moon
CNN  -- Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal has signed a one-year contract extension with the German champions . The Dutchman 's current deal was due to expire at the end of the Bundesliga season but the club confirmed on Monday that Van Gaal 's new contract will take him through until June 2012 . Bayern won the title last season but have endured a tough start to the current campaign . They are sitting ninth in the table after losing two of their opening six games and were defeated at home by league leaders Mainz on Saturday . But chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told the club 's official website that they were keen for the coach to stay despite Bayern 's patchy form . "  I always prefer doing things which might not have been expected , " he said . "  People are always extending contracts after victories , so this sends out a very good signal to the world at large about our opinion of the coach 's value , even though we lost to Mainz . " Speaking ahead of Bayern 's Champions League tie with Swiss team FC Basel on Tuesday , Van Gaal said : "  My first priority is always the sporting perspective . Winning things is always important , and you can win things with a top club like Bayern Munich . " The 59-year-old led Bayern to the Champions League final for the first time since 2001 last season , where they were beaten 2-1 by Inter Milan , then coached by Jose Mourinho . Van Gaal said his "  outstanding " relationship with his playing staff and the board were major factors in his decision to commit . He added : "  I could n't wish for anything better . The chemistry 's right . You get to know each other properly in difficult situations . We 're seeing it again right now . "  These are tough times , but the board is keeping the faith -- the faith which took us to the Champions League final in Madrid . " Rummenigge said Bayern valued their coach highly : "  He does a superb job every day . We 're recognizing that with this contract extension . " Bayern 's captain -- Dutch midfielder Mark van Bommel -- welcomed the news . He said : "  The coach signing a new deal is a very good sign . He 's doing a great job . " One of Germany 's stars of the World Cup , Thomas Muller , echoed the comments of his captain . "  Van Gaal been extremely important for me so far , he 's made a huge contribution to my career . That settles the matter , which is good for him , for us and for the club as a whole . "	Louis Van Gaal signs a contract extension with German champions Bayern Munich The Dutchman 's deal runs until the end of June in 2012 Bayern won the Bundesliga last season and were beaten in the Champions League final Van Gaal unconcerned about Bayern 's patchy start to the season
Washington  CNN  -- Passengers hailing cabs in Chicago starting Sunday may want to read the fine print on the taxi placards before they get in . In addition to the base fare , cab drivers for the first time can charge sick passengers a $ 50 vomit cleanup fee . The new regulation is just one of myriad laws taking effect July 1 . The halfway point of 2012 means the start of new laws across the United States . CNN producers canvassed the country and found some of the more unusual regulations and downright quirky bills worthy of our Top 20 : 1 . Illinois : Taxi drivers can charge passengers a $ 50 cleanup fee for vomiting in cabs . 2 . Kentucky : A law prohibits people from releasing feral hogs into the wild . 3 . New Mexico : Grocery stores , restaurants and other vendors are prohibited from claiming that their fresh chili peppers are New Mexico chilies unless they were grown in the state . 4 . Pennsylvania : Punxsutawney school guidelines increase from Â 1/2 cup to Â 3/4 cup the minimum serving of vegetables for students in kindergarten through eighth grade . 5 . Florida : A law forbids the shackling of women incarcerated during a pregnancy and immediately after giving birth . 6 . Virginia : A law allows a brewery licensee to sell at retail the brands of beer that the brewery owns at premises . 7 . Virginia : A local ordinance requires electronic messages on outdoor advertising to remain in place for at least eight seconds to avoid driver distractions . 8 . Kentucky : Prisoner of War and Missing in Action flags purchased or displayed by public institutions must be made in the United States . 9 . Minnesota : A law increases penalties for transporting certain aquatic invasive plants and animals . 10 . Florida : A law prohibits people from videotaping a person without his or her knowledge in a residential dwelling . 11 . Indiana : A nepotism law prohibits local government workers from hiring or promoting family members in their direct line of supervision . 12 . Virginia : A law requires a person convicted of DUI to have an ignition interlock device in their car , operable by blowing into a breathalyzer . 13 . Wisconsin : A law calls for mandatory license plates for all ATVs  all-terrain vehicles  operating in public areas . 14 . Massachusetts : A law bans the disposal of medical sharps  needles , syringes and lancets  in household trash . 15 . Virginia : A law allows a concealed handgun permit as a valid form of identification when voting . 16 . Georgia : A law gives drivers the option of affixing a decal with the slogan "  In God We Trust " on license plates in place of the county where they live . 17 . Nevada : Unclaimed casino earnings will be split between the state  75 %  and the casino  25 %  . Previously , the casino got all the money . 18 . Idaho : Law enforcement can issue arrest warrants by fax . 19 . Vermont : Minors  under 18  will be prohibited from using tanning beds . 20 . Kentucky :  Effective July 12  A law makes it more difficult for thieves to sell stolen copper for immediate cash at recycling centers by delaying payments . CNN 's Todd Sperry , Mike Ahlers and Becky Perlow contributed to this report .	In Illinois , cab drivers can charge a $ 50 vomit cleanup fee A Kentucky law prohibits releasing feral hogs into the wild New Mexico law covers fresh chili peppers in stores and restaurants School guidelines in Pennsylvania increase veggie servings for kids
ANGOLA , Louisiana  CNN  -- He is not a killer , but the state of Louisiana is determined to execute Patrick Kennedy for his crime . Patrick Kennedy , 43 , is on Louisiana 's death row for the rape of his 8-year-old stepdaughter . The New Orleans native faces that reality as he sits on death row at Louisiana 's maximum security prison , the largest prison in the nation . The Louisiana State Penitentiary , or Angola Prison , is the size of Manhattan and surrounded on three sides by the Mississippi River . Unlike the 3,300 inmates awaiting execution nationwide -- including the 94 other men at Angola -- Kennedy , 43 , is a convicted rapist . The victim was his 8-year-old stepdaughter . For the first time in 44 years , a state is preparing to execute a man for a felony other than murder . The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether Louisiana can use capital punishment in child rape cases . The constitutional question before the justices is whether the death penalty for violent crimes other than homicide constitutes "  cruel and unusual " punishment . The high-profile examination of the death penalty also raises anew a national debate over selective prosecution and race . "  A lot of people think there should not be the death penalty -LSB- in this case -RSB- because the child survives , " said Kate Bartholomew , a sex crimes prosecutor in New Orleans . "  In my opinion the rape of a child is more heinous and more hideous than a homicide . " Kennedy 's appellate attorney , Billy Sothern , argues , "  When we look at what it means to be cruel and unusual , this is exactly the kind of thing that raises these serious concerns of the constitutionality of Mr. Kennedy 's death sentence . " Kennedy was sentenced to die in 2003 for sexually assaulting his stepdaughter in her bed . The crime occurred in a quiet neighborhood in Harvey , across the big river from New Orleans . Besides severe emotional trauma , Louisiana prosecutors said the attack caused internal injuries and bleeding to the child , requiring extensive surgery . The former moving company driver had claimed two teenage boys committed the crime near the family 's garage , a story the girl -- identified in court papers as "  L.H. " -- repeated for 18 months after the ordeal . An African-American teenager was initially arrested , based on Kennedy 's allegations , but later was cleared of any wrongdoing . Kennedy also is African-American . Police in Jefferson Parish quickly turned their suspicions on him as the attacker . The girl later accused her stepfather , after she returned home from a temporary stay in foster care . Kennedy has denied the charges , but the state supreme court upheld the conviction and punishment . The U.S. Supreme Court , both in 1976 and a year later , banned capital punishment for rape -- and by implication any other crime except murder . But Louisiana 19 years later passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 . State lawmakers contended the earlier high court cases pertained only to "  adult women . " Death penalty opponents say Louisiana is the only state to actively pursue lethal injection for child rapists , and argue , among other things , that it could give attackers a reason to murder their victims . "  If they 're going to face the death penalty for raping a child , why would they leave a living witness ? " said Judy Benitez , executive director of the Louisiana Foundation against Sexual Assaults . Benitez also says testifying in a death penalty case can be deeply traumatic for child . And the risk of wrongful prosecution may be higher is such cases since children might prove to be unreliable witnesses for the prosecution , because of their susceptibility to suggestive , leading questions . No one in the United States has been executed for rape since 1964 . Other state and federal crimes theoretically eligible for execution include treason , aggravated kidnapping , drug trafficking , aircraft hijacking and espionage . None of these crimes have been prosecuted as a capital offense in decades , if ever . In the appeal filed with the high court , Sothern argues Louisiana "  flouts the overwhelming national consensus that capital punishment is an inappropriate penalty for any kind of rape . " The law 's supporters counter that besides murder , no crime is more deserving of the death penalty , and the punishment would be used only in the most heinous of circumstances . For its victims , "  It takes away their innocence , it takes away their childhood , it mutilates their spirit . It kills their soul . They 're never the same after these things happen , " said Bartholomew , an assistant district attorney in Orleans Parish . "  Louisiana has been a pro-death penalty state for a very long time , " the prosecutor added . "  And I think a lot of people agree with the death penalty for this type of case here in our state . " Five other states have similar laws . Four of them -- Florida , Montana , Oklahoma and South Carolina -- have had them for years but not applied them in decades . Texas enacted its version in June , but no defendant has yet been designated death-eligible for child rape in any state but Louisiana . Skin color has also played a role in the political and legal debate over expanding capital crimes to include rape . "  When we look at the death penalty in the South we always need to be conscious of the role that race plays , " said Sothern , deputy director at the Capital Appeals Project , which represents all the state 's death row inmates . "  And I think that the fact that Mr. Kennedy -LSB- is -RSB- a black from Jefferson Parish , a place with a troubling record of racial discrimination , I think that that speaks volumes . " Sothern cites Department of Justice statistics showing that all 14 rapists executed by Louisiana in the past 75 years were African-American . Nationwide from 1930 to 1964 , nearly 90 percent of executed rapists were black , he said . Kennedy recently was joined on Louisiana 's death row by another child rapist -- Richard Davis , who is white . Davis ' legal appeals have barely begun . The justices will no doubt consider loneliness of Louisiana 's aggressive position when deciding whether a national consensus now exists to allow a broader range of crimes to become subject to capital punishment . The high court has in recent years banned execution for the mentally retarded , underage killers and those receiving an inadequate defense at trial . Angola prison officials would not make Kennedy available for comment . The youngster at the center of the case is now in college and wants to be a lawyer . Her family says that like most underage victims , she has been scarred forever , and they believe her assailant deserves the jury 's punishment . "  It 's going to be justice , " said Lynn Ray , the victim 's cousin . "  It 's going to be that she can look forwards and not backwards , and not have to look over your shoulders , and one day see him . Or see him coming after her . " A ruling from the high court is expected by late June . E-mail to a friend	Supreme Court hears arguments Wednesday Only one state is pursuing capital punishment for crime other than murder Patrick Kennedy , 43 , convicted of raping stepdaughter , then 8 Last execution for rape was in 1964
UTTAR PRADESH , India  CNN  -- An Indian police office grabs two fists-full of a suspect 's hair ; twists and then lifts until the suspect 's feet dangle off ground . The suspect : A 6-year-old girl accused of stealing 280 rupees or about 6 dollars . The incident resulted in one officer being fired , another suspended . Charges against the girl were dropped . It was all caught on tape in February of this year . Harcharand Singh and his wife . Mr Singh says their son , accused of thief , died in police custody . Two years earlier in another Indian state another caught on tape moment . A police officer watches as a crowd beats an accused thief . Then the policeman binds the suspect and ends up dragging him behind a motorcycle leaving large raw patches of skin on the suspect 's body . The accused survived the thrashing . Two officers were fired in the incident but were later reinstated by a panel that blamed the crowd . Brutal police tactics are all too common in India according to the latest report by Human Rights Watch in India . Naureen Shah with Human Rights Watch says the report is based on interviews with 80 police , 60 alleged victims and other experts . "  The police are taking the law into their own hands . " Shah says . "  They are acting as a vigilante force and they 're saying this is a bad guy instead of building a case against him we 're going to kill him , we 're going to take these harsh measure cause it has to get done . " "  Police administration are meant to protect , but they are becoming predators . " Harcharand Singh says . He is the father of a suspect he says died in police custody . Singh and his wife are dirt poor and partially blind . They sit on a bed with tears in their eyes as they speak about losing their son Pradeep . They say police hauled Pradeep away one night accusing him of being involved in a car theft and shooting . Days later they say he died in police custody . Police refused to comment on the case or the report . "  We are scared . " Mother Ram Vati Singh says through tears . "  What else can we do ? We have no money so that we can leave or put up a fight with the police . " The case was one of dozens highlighted in the Human Rights Watch report used as yet another example of what they say is out of control police behavior . Watch a report on abuse cases " But the report also revealed something else . The terrible conditions police work and live in . Many live in police stations for days even months at a time unable to go home to see their families because they are expected to be on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week . Some work and live in tents in scorching temperatures . Their bathroom facilities are often wretched . Their cooking facilities sometimes made up of bricks with fire wood . The number of cases and pressure to solve them is intense . Police also say they are short staffed . One police official told us in his jurisdiction there are 70 police for a population of 250-thousand people , something CNN is unable to independently confirm . There are no computers for reports so police officers fill everything out by hand . Some departments even run out of paper to write the reports according to the Human Rights Watch report . Former Delhi Police Commissioner Ved Marwah says the conditions are dire . "  The policemen are treated very inhumanly and that 's why he gets desensitized and brutalized by his living and working conditions an by his interaction with the common citizen and with his superiors and that desensitization is reflected in the way an average policeman deals with the public at large . " Marwah says . Marwah says there is also interference from politicians in police investigations . "  Politics plays a very negative role . " He says . Today 's politicians , every politician there are good politicians and bad politicians , every politician looks upon it as a profession and he 's there to make a quick buck and when he gets that control over the police , he uses an misuses not to ensure that the police enforces the rule of law , but to see that the police commits or does n't commit a particular action to help him in his personal ends . " Efforts to reform police activities were ordered by India 's supreme court three years ago . Marwah and Human Rights Watch both agree the ruling was never implemented . However the current government is promising changes . But Marwah says until it really happens , the abuses by and to police will continue unabated . "  Because ultimately the police , unlike the army , is absolutely under political control . He says "  If those who control the police have no will to reform it , then nothing is going to happen . "	Video shows girl being physically abused by police , rights group says Human Rights Watch says some police are becoming vigilantes Report also shows poor conditions that police are expected to work under The government has promised changes
CNN  -- "  Twisted Metal " introduces a new generation of gamers to the mechanical mayhem of the smash - 'em - up series ' previous games , while actually adding in a little bit of a story to tie all the action together . The new game from creator David Jaffe and Eat Sleep Play not only brings back some familiar and twisted characters , but it also reworks a demolition-derby style of combat that pits vehicle against vehicle with explosive results . The game sticks to the basic plot of the 1995 original -- winning a tournament to gain a granted wish . In single-player mode , gamers will play three of its classic characters -- Sweet Tooth , Mr. Grimm and Dollface -- in succession . Vehicles for combat are chosen before each battle . Players can usually select three for each scenario and change them out at a garage , theoretically ensuring them a nonbusted ride at all times . Starting with Sweet Tooth 's iconic ice cream truck , the virtual garage includes a motorcycle , a helicopter , a semitruck and even an ambulance that vaguely resembles Ecto-1 from "  Ghostbusters . " Selection is limited at first , but more vehicles are unlocked as missions are completed . Each vehicle has its own specialized weapons -- Kamikaze has a flame thrower , while Reaper can fling chainsaws . More weapons and ammunition are scattered all over the playing field . There are also spots to restore health , so players can get a bit of a boost even if they ca n't make it back to their garages . Cars can also be customized , if that is your thing , and any driver can use any car . The battle areas vary in size and scope . Some smash-ups are played out in little towns with residents running for cover  or , inevitably , getting run over  . Many of the buildings are destructible and some are even large enough to drive into and engage opponents in combat . There is a battle-dome type area with multiple levels and hidden passageways . A new superopponent , The Juggernaut , not only takes you on himself , but also spawns other foes who drive out of the back of his massive tractor-trailer . Since the object of each battle is to be the last one driving , taking out the Juggernaut is something that needs to be done but does n't happen easily . The combat gets progressively harder as the game moves through the stories of the three main characters . Boss battles are appropriately tough , but some fights are so difficult , you 'll want to snap your controller .  Resist that temptation  . The story that acts as a backdrop for the behind-the-wheel chaos makes learning about combat fun . Sure , it 's all about destroying your opponents . But having a reason to do it , rather than destruction for destruction 's sake , makes more sense . Cinematics are smartly handled with both live actors and animationm , providing nice background into each character 's history and reason for wanting to win the tournament . The character Calipso returns as the ringmaster for this violent contest and has the power to grant a single wish to the winner . But be careful what you wish for . Multiplayer action pits faction against faction and really lets a player 's violent streak come through . Teams are based on popular characters from the franchise -- The Clowns , The Dolls , The Skulls and The Holy Men  led by the Preacher  . There are several game modes available to allow for split-screen action and online play . While most combat is of the last-man-standing variety , a new mode offers a bit of levity to the bloodshed . Called the "  Nuke " mode , it also requires the most teamwork . Players must kidnap an opposing team 's leader , take them back to their base and then sacrifice them to a missile launcher . The launcher then fires off a nuclear missile , which must be guided to strike a giant metal statue being held aloft by a helicopter . Do this three times and you win the match . It is slapstick comedy with a morbid twist and is perfect for this franchise 's long-established play on humor with a sense of the macabre . "  Twisted Metal " is a great outlet for mindless destruction and unintentional levity all wrapped up into neat little , blood-soaked boxes made of metal . It is n't meant to be deep , meaningful or even realistic , but it achieves what games should be all about -- it is fun . "  Twisted Metal " is exclusive to the PlayStation 3 , and available now in the United States and on March 7 in Europe . It is rated M for Mature because of blood and gore , intense violence and strong language . This review was completed with an advance Limited Edition copy for the PS3 .	Game brings back familiar characters and a demolition-derby style of vehicular combat Its cinematics are smartly done , with both live actors and animation "  Twisted Metal " is exclusive to the PlayStation 3 console
CNN  -- It should be no surprise that the world 's financial behemoths also own or inhabit some of the best real estate . With One World Trade Center officially being declared the highest building in the United States , and the iconic Midland Bank Building in London being turned into a hotel , building data company Emporis of Hamburg , Germany , has pulled together what it thinks are 12 of the most "  spectacular " buildings in the banking industry . "  One of the most singular bank buildings is undoubtedly the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong , the first building outside the United States to break the 1,000-foot mark and , even today , one of the world 's tallest corporate headquarters , " said an Emporis spokesperson . Others in its list include the Macquarie Bank Centre in Sydney with a "  sophisticated interior design ... -LSB- that -RSB- does entirely without loadbearing columns and provides light-flooded , colorful workspaces " and the Bank of America Tower in New York , which cost a billion dollars and is "  one of the most eye-catching in this city . " The report notes that even the recent financial crisis did not entirely kill banks ' desires to build extravagantly . "  As recently as 2009 , the Co-Op Bank , Cyprus , moved into an exclusive new designer building , " the report says , also citing BBVA , Spain 's second-largest bank , which is building a new headquarters with an immodest circular design by architects Herzog & de Meuron . More : 10 of the world 's ` blobbiest ' buildings More : 25 great skyscrapers -- icons of construction More : 20 of the world 's most beautiful UNESCO sites	Bank of America Tower was officially the second-tallest building in New York until One World Trade Center topped out in May 2013 Bank of China Tower inspired by the shape of a bamboo stalk Islamic Development Bank has narrow window slits to block sunlight while central patios are covered in glass to let in natural light
CNN  -- If you 're the kind of person who 's happiest spending your two weeks off helping to look after elephants in Thailand or working for free on an organic farm in New Zealand , then perhaps you 've been on a volunteer vacation . More people than ever before are going on volunteer vacations , also known as "  voluntourism , " and if you 've had an inspiring experience helping others while on holiday we 'd like you to upload images and video of your experience to CNN iReport . We 'll use the best images and video on CNN.com and those of you with particularly compelling stories could be featured in an article .	Is your holiday style is more "  giving back " than fly and flop ? Then you may have been on a volunteer vacation Upload your images and video to CNN iReport here You could be featured on CNN
Washington  CNN  -- In an unprecedented action , an Air Force commander has stripped 17 of his officers of their authority to control and launch nuclear missiles . The 17 are being sent to undergo 60 to 90 days of intensive refresher training on how to do their jobs . The action comes after their unit performed poorly on an inspection and one officer was investigated for potential compromise of nuclear launch codes , according to Lt. Col. John Dorrian , an Air Force spokesman . The story was first reported by The Associated Press . The action was taken by the deputy commander of the 91st Operations Group , Lt. Col. Jay Folds , whose officers run launch control centers for the Minuteman III nuclear missiles from Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota . Folds announced the action in an emotionally charged April e-mail to his unit , saying in part , "  Did you know that we , as an operations group , have fallen -- and its it time to stand ourselves back up ? " In that e-mail , Folds said , "  We 're discovering such rot in the crew force , " while they are on alert status -- standing watch over the nuclear force -- that the unit is accepting of violations of weapons safety rules , and code compromises . In words not often used by military officers , Folds told his troops to "  crush any rules violators " and said , "  We are , in fact , in a crisis right now . " CNN obtained a copy of the e-mail , which was also first obtained by the AP . Dorrian confirmed that Folds was referring to a potential deliberate violation of Air Force rules regarding nuclear launch codes and the failure of his troops to report when they see potential violations . The Air Force action affects only the 17 personnel deemed to need the training ; others remain on duty . The unit underwent a regular comprehensive inspection in March , according to Dorrian . The inspection consisted of an evaluation of 22 tasks . At the time , the unit was announced as having passed with a "  satisfactory " rating , which is third on a scale of five . But on one of the 22 tasks involving launch operations , it was rated "  marginal " which is one step above "  unsatisfactory . " Dorrian called it the equivalent of a "  D " grade . Then the incident of potential compromise of launch codes occurred . Dorrian said the investigation found no compromise , but did find the codes were "  potentially handled improperly , " by one officer , who is now facing discipline . All of this then led to Folds ' e-mail and action , according to Dorrian . Dorrian noted that while some in the Air Force might view Folds ' e-mail as "  emotional , " his actions are fully supported at the highest levels of the Air Force . In other portions of his e-mail Folds told his unit : -- "  Turn off the TVs . " -- "  Clean your patches , uniforms and get your hair cut . " -- "  Bring to my attention immediately any officer who bad mouths a senior officer . " While some nuclear officers are sent for retraining every year , this is the most extensive action taken to date , Dorrian confirmed . It comes after a 2008 Pentagon report was sharply critical of the Air Force for not focusing on the post-Cold War nuclear mission , and for a bomber that , in a flight over multiple states , carried nuclear-tipped missiles without the Air Force realizing it . Hagel : ` Outrage , disgust ' as Air Force leader charged with sexual battery	Seventeen officers will have to undergo up to 90 days of retraining Their unit performed poorly on an inspection , an Air Force spokesman says The 91st Operations Group has "  fallen , " its deputy commander says
CNN  -- In the very early hours of this morning , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " ceased to be U.S. policy . As a result , today is the first day I can write about being the partner of a gay military serviceman without fear that he will lose his job . In December , Sen. John McCain voiced his opposition to repealing DADT and reminded America it was in the middle of two wars . This I knew well . At the time , my partner was on a yearlong deployment in Afghanistan . My better half is a commander in the U.S. Navy who has served his country for more than 23 years . He has deployed more than eight times , flying missions for Operation Deny Flight  Bosnia  , Operation Southern Watch  Iraq  and Operation Iraqi Freedom . During his year in Afghanistan , he provided support for Operation Enduring Freedom . When McCain , R-Arizona , stood up in the U.S. Senate to defend the feelings of homophobic servicemen and women , gay active-duty personnel were unable to speak out . By doing so they would have "  outed " themselves and lost their jobs . In spite of this , repeal passed , due in no small part to public opinion massively favoring repeal  67 % according to a December 2010 Gallup poll  . Had my partner been able to openly share his experience , he might have highlighted McCain 's arguments about repeal of DADT affecting morale , recruitment and retention as moot points . In Afghanistan , my partner worked and lived alongside Danish , French and British troops , to name just a few . With nearly every NATO country allowing gay men and women to serve openly in their militaries , McCain would have had to forgo multinational operations and coalitions in order to fully "  protect " his soldiers from exposure to "  openly gay " personnel . Though repeal of DADT was won , there are Americans , specifically some GOP presidential candidates , who would reinstate it . Now that gay military personnel can be visible , in my view , they should be . In short , with "  do n't ask , do n't tell " gone , it 's time to tell . The battle has only been half won . Gay servicemen or servicewomen can no longer be discharged simply for being gay , but they are still treated inequitably . Only by using their newly won free speech can they hope to reap the same benefits as their straight colleagues . Let me give you some examples . When a member of the U.S. military marries , he or she effectively gets a pay raise through an increased housing allowance . Even after repeal , this benefit will not accrue to married same-sex couples . When a married service member is sent away from his spouse on a tour of duty , the couple is entitled to a family separation allowance . Again this will not apply to married same-sex couples . If my partner and I were married and if the law allowed both of these benefits to accrue to him while he was in Afghanistan -- as they would if he were in a straight marriage -- we would have received an additional $ 10,000 that year . The inequality does n't stop at pay either . Same-sex partners of military personnel are also denied dependent identification cards . This meant that when my partner was hospitalized in 2009 , I had no way of independently gaining access to the Navy hospital where he was treated without a special "  hospital visitation authorization . " Moreover , whether my partner and I are married or not , today I would still have no access to the shops , gas stations or recreational facilities available to other military spouses on base . I would also not be entitled to spousal health care benefits if we are married . Perhaps most cruelly of all , post-DADT gay military spouses are still not entitled to survivor benefits if a partner is killed in the line of duty . They also remain ineligible to be buried with their spouse if he or she is buried in a military cemetery . Gay military spouses sacrifice just as much as their straight brothers and sisters . We support our partners . We relocate with them when they receive new orders and in turn we give up our jobs , friends and lives to support their careers . Despite this , we are denied the support and safety nets afforded our straight counterparts . With DADT gone , we should no longer suffer in silence . The military benefits system needs to change . If the benefits currently unavailable to gay military families were similarly unavailable to Jewish , black or female service members , I have no doubt the situation would be rectified immediately . There needs to be a public outcry , and it needs to come from active duty gay personnel , their partners , families , friends , colleagues and the public at large . For this to happen , the public has to see and understand that a significant proportion of the men and women in uniform protecting them are gay . In the coming days and weeks , I urge all gay military personnel and their partners to come out , where appropriate , to their families , co-workers , even their Facebook friends . Do this not to share the innermost details of your private life , but to begin the fight for the recognition and rewards you deserve as true American heroes . Furthermore , when the likes of a Michele Bachmann or a Rick Santorum propose reinstating DADT , let them be challenged by decorated gay marines , sailors , soldiers , airmen and coastguards and asked : Why should they and their partners be treated as second-class citizens ? Why should they , as patriots who have spilled blood for their country , be treated anything less than equally by their employer and the government they defend ? Having read this far , you 'll be aware that I have not named my partner . If he wants to come out to his employer and colleagues , and I would encourage him to do so , I firmly believe they should hear it from him first . Being honest about your sexuality and standing up for your right to be treated equally does n't have to involve a public announcement . There will be colleagues you want to tell and members of the military hierarchy that you should tell , specifically those denying you equal pay and benefits , but there will also be colleagues who have no business knowing . Families have just reason to be proud of sons and daughters who serve in the U.S. military . They should be prouder still to know that service was given in the face of unequal reward and above-average sacrifice . The danger for gay military personnel is that , having spent years being forced to hide and tell half-truths , they continue to remain invisible . Without visibility , the arguments of those opposed to equality are easier for the public to believe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurence Watts .	Laurence Watts : DADT ending ; he can freely write about his gay servicemember partner He says DADT kept gay servicemembers from speaking out for fear of losing jobs He says many rights are still denied them , particularly for married same-sex couples Watts : Why should gay military who defended U.S. be denied equal access to benefits ?
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Clashes erupted overnight at a West Bank refugee camp , authorities said Monday . Official accounts of the fighting at the Kalandia refugee camp differed . The Palestinian Authority said two Palestinians were killed when Israeli soldiers opened fire . The Israeli military said officials had received a report of two Palestinians injured during the violence , adding that officials were investigating . Hospital officials in Ramallah told CNN that two men were killed and one was injured in the clashes . Officials said the violence started during an arrest operation at the camp . Palestinian Authority spokeswoman Cairo Arafat said people at the refugee camp tried to stop soldiers from making the arrest . An Israeli military spokesman said "  massive " disorder erupted during the arrest operation . Five soldiers were injured by rocks thrown at them , the spokesman said . CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	The Palestinian Authority and hospital officials say two people were killed The Israeli military says a report indicates two are injured An arrest at the refugee camp sparked the violence
Hoof by hoof , Harold Kelly 's family of horses crest the hill , kicking up dust , treading over stones and packed dirt . It 's another 70-degree day in central California . In the dead of winter , there 's not a cloud in sight . And there 's no rain in the forecast . Fifty horses trot on Kelly 's 300-acre spread outside of Fresno , part of a vast valley that 's a farming and ranching hub to the nation . "  Every horse out here I 've raised , but for the exception of two , " Kelly declares . His herd sips from a water trough , an oasis that 's suddenly taken on greater meaning . The surrounding hills show brown soil where there should be lush , green pasture . That 's because a historic disaster is unfolding : California is facing perhaps its worst drought since record-keeping began a century ago , California Gov. Jerry Brown proclaimed this month . At the center of this ongoing catastrophe are farmers and ranchers like Kelly , pushed to their financial limits . "  Normally , it 'd be raining and we 'd have grass growing , " Kelly remarks . "  The grass is basically all gone . " There 's nothing on the ground for Kelly 's animals to eat . Winter is California 's wet season , but it has n't rained on Kelly 's ranch in unincorporated Tivy Valley , near Sanger , since December 7 , 2013 . Even on that day , just a few drops fell -- exactly 0.15 inches -- according to Paul Jones , cooperative program manager at the National Weather Service . In fact , the area 's rainfall for 2013 was 3.01 inches , compared with an average year of 11.5 inches . Kelly is now teetering on the brink of monetary collapse -- like many other ranchers and farmers in California 's Central Valley , a breadbasket to the country as it stretches most of the state 's length roughly from Sacramento to Bakersfield . "  I borrowed money -- I hate to even say that -- but I recently borrowed money to buy hay , " the proud rancher says . With hay prices on the rise because of the drought , Kelly spends $ 800 to 1,000 a week on feed . That 's money that he does n't have . "  I do n't really have much of a choice . That 's the way I look at it . " Even so , his horses have cantered to better days . "  Some of them have dropped off a little bit in weight , " Kelly says , taking a look at a mare whose ribs are beginning to show . "  They would be fat if there was rain . " Kelly has now decided that he must sell some of his horses . "  I hate to get rid of them ... but it 's time , " he says . What 's causing this strange weather pattern ? Financial toll The exact financial impact of the historic drought in California -- as well as a moderate to extreme drought throughout the American West -- has yet to be calculated by state and federal officials or farming and ranching associations . But the financial blow could be in the billions of dollars , especially if the 2012 national drought is any indication . That disaster cost the country $ 30 billion , according to the National Climatic Data Center . In the Central Valley 's agriculture sector alone , the potential impact could exceed $ 1 billion in 2014 unless relief is provided , according to the Westlands Water District . Already , about 200,000 of 600,000 acres of prime farmland in Fresno and Kings Counties wo n't be planted this year because of the drought , the district said . That fallow land amounts to about 312 square miles . Some federal relief is uncertain because Congress has n't been able to pass a farm bill since last year . Federal officials are seeking a bill that would provide retroactive disaster assistance to livestock producers who 've been forced to thin their herds "  to the lowest level in decades " because of the long-term drought , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Congress has been divided on a proposed bill 's food stamp and dairy pricing programs , said Justin Oldfield , a vice president with the California Cattlement 's Association . The governor 's drought emergency , which included the entire state , wo n't help ranchers much because the measure allows water agencies to move water from northern to southern California , unless those cattlemen are located in a benefiting water district , Oldfield said . "  This is by far the worst drought that we 've had , and in terms of ranchers , it 's the worst drought since the '70s and some say it 's worst than that , " Oldfield said . "  If they have to sell cows , it will be extremely devastating for them . But they will work through it and come back . The people do n't quit . " Federal officials also fear ranchers going bust overnight . "  That 's why we keep pushing daily for Congress to get something done , " said U.S. Department of Agriculture spokeswoman Courtney Rowe . Weirdly warm , dry winters spur bears to stop hibernating , start eating Horses as family Central California 's fields and tree crops -- which provide half of the nation 's fruits , nuts and vegetables -- are deteriorating . The state holds 80,500 farms and ranches , which together generate more than $ 100 billion in economic activity , according to the California Department of Food and Agriculture The bad turn in nature has forced Kelly to find other ways to keep his horses alive on his ranch about 200 miles north of Los Angeles . Every day , he fills his truck with hay purchased through a retailer , and drives into the dry pasture to feed his herd . He gives a loud whistle , and they come running . "  There are a whole lot of people like me . Some of them are hurting worse than I am , " he said . To this life-long horse trainer and rancher , horses are n't just a business -- it 's lifestyle and family . "  Hey , little girl , " he says to a chestnut mare who approaches his side . "  It 's pretty hard . Sometimes you do n't have any choice . You do n't have to be too smart to figure out this is what I need to do . "  It 's on the verge of very desperate " In Wednesday 's State of the State address , Brown underlined the need to cut back on water resources . He 's already called for a voluntary 20 % conservation effort statewide . "  Right now , it is imperative that we do everything possible to mitigate the effects of the drought . We need everyone in every part of the state to conserve water . We need regulators to rebalance water rules and enable voluntary transfers of water , and we must prepare for forest fires , " Brown said . "  Among all our uncertainties , weather is one of the most basic . We ca n't control it . We can only live with it , and now we have to live with a very serious drought of uncertain duration , " he said . Those who make their living off the land and its animals are desperate for relief from the parched conditions . Anthony Caglia runs Sidelver Wings Horse Rescue , dedicated to the rehabilitation and placement of orphaned horses . As Kelly 's neighbor and fellow horseman , he 's promised to do what he can to help -- even as he struggles in the face of the drought . His 60-acre equine ranch is at capacity with thoroughbreds , quarter horses and appaloosas up for adoption . Since the dry spell hit , calls for help have increased significantly . "  Usually , we get a phone call two to four times a month , " he said . "  We 're getting them two to three times a week now . We 're at capacity , there 's a waiting list . " Like Kelly , Caglia now purchases hay for the rescue horses and relies on donations to keep his organization running . "  I 've been in this area all my life , and I 've never seen it this bad . It was just upon us so fast . Hopefully we can get some rain , get some pasture back in and get some people back to work . It 's on the verge of very desperate , " he said . "  The farmers do n't have anyone working . Nobody has money . " Caglia said . He says many people are considering sending their horses to slaughter . "  It 's money for them , they ca n't get money otherwise . We like to let the horses live their lives out here . The founding of the ranch was to pay back the horse . The horse is what brought us here today . It took us across the United States , it brought our food in , it plowed our fields , it got us to town and back . It 's a payback to the horse . " "  In a month from now , I wo n't have many left . " Across the road in Tivy Valley , Kelly has six to eight horses leaving for new homes in the coming weeks . They 'll be separated and sent in trailers to different parts of the state . Equestrian Marcee Hansen will be one of the new owners : she 's taking a 3-month-old colt off Kelly 's hands to raise in her own . But not everyone shares Hansen 's intention of raising a horse , Kelly says . Potential buyers have offered money per pound for each horse , a telltale sign of a plan to send the horse to slaughter . "  I 'd rather borrow money and feed the horses than see them go to slaughter ... I 'm not going to let them starve , whatever it takes , " Kelly said . He expects he 'll adopt-out every single one of his horses , but plays with the idea of keeping just one or two around for company . "  I 've gotten close to them . They become a little bit like kids , " he says . "  They become like a person , like a friend you 're saying good bye to . "	Rancher Harold Kelly loves his horses , but he 's going broke feeding them in the drought He now must sell off horses and is wary of buyers who want to re-sell them for slaughter One region alone in California could face $ 1 billion is drought losses "  Now we have to live with a very serious drought of uncertain duration , " governor says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Patrick J. Kennedy has checked into an unnamed medical facility for help with his recovery from substance abuse , the Rhode Island Democrat said in a statement Friday . "  I have decided to temporarily step away from my normal routine , " Rep. Patrick J. Kennedy says in a statement . In May 2006 , Kennedy , the son of Sen. Edward Kennedy , was admitted to the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , a day after slamming his car into a security barricade on Capitol Hill . At the time , Kennedy said he had been suffering from addictions and depression since he was a young man . "  I have always said that recovery is a life-long process and that I will do whatever it takes to preserve my health , " Kennedy , 41 , wrote in Friday 's release . "  In consultation with my doctors , I have decided to temporarily step away from my normal routine to ensure that I am being as vigilant as possible in my recovery . I hope that in some small way my decision to be proactive and public in my efforts to remain healthy can help remove the stigma that has served as a barrier for many Americans reluctant to get the help they need . " A Democratic aide declined to say what facility is providing treatment or how long Kennedy might be there . Kennedy left for treatment earlier this week , said a close associate who did n't want to be identified . Since the 2006 incident , the associate said , Kennedy often goes to the Mayo Clinic for one - or two-day stints without anyone knowing . This time , Kennedy and his aides realized the stay would be longer and more aggressive and decided to put out a statement . There was no "  culminating event " this time , the associate said , and he did not think it was related to Edward Kennedy 's ongoing battle with brain cancer . "  He 's human , " the source said of Patrick Kennedy . "  He has good days and bad days . This is a part of his effort to make sure there are more good days than bad days . " CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Congressman from Rhode Island seeks help against substance abuse Rep. Patrick Kennedy , 41 , acknowledges long struggle with addiction , depression "  I have always said that recovery is a life-long process , " lawmaker says in statement Son of Sen. Edward Kennedy sought help after 2006 auto accident
CNN  -- There is a saying in sport which goes along the lines "  take each match as it comes " so as not to get distracted by what might happen in the future and that is exactly the approach Rafael Nadal is taking to the Qatar Open . He may be world number one and with the Australian Open just around the corner , but the Spaniard wants this particular title in his trophy cabinet for the first time and showed his typical steel to see off the dangerous Ernests Gulbis Thursday in the quarterfinals . Nadal was fully extended by the talented Latvian , who had chances in the opener and led 3-0 in the second set , before he turned up the heat in typical style . Fists pumping with every winner , he ran off five straight games before sealing the match 7-5 6-4 to reach the last four . Asked about using the matches as "  preparation " for the opening grand slam of the season , Nadal told the court side announcer that he was only focusing on success in Qatar for now . "  This is a tournament I really like to play in but have never had the chance to win , " he said . "  I 'm just thinking about Doha at the moment and not looking ahead to the Australian Open . " Nadal lost in the 2010 final to Nikolay Davydenko and has found it hard to produce his best form in the season-opener , but with three wins under his belt this time around at the Khalifa Tennis Complex , he does indeed look well set for a crack at a 14th grand slam title later this month . He will now play qualifier Peter Gojowczyk , who earlier beat dreadlocked Dustin Brown 7-5 in the third set tie-breaker in an all-German encounter . The other semifinal will pit Florian Mayer , who beat third seed Andy Murray in the second round , against Gael Monfils of France . Germany 's Mayer survived a lengthy three-setter against Victor Hanescu , eventually beating the Romanian 6-4 6-7 6-4 . Monfils , who followed Nadal on court , breezed past German Daniel Brands 6-2 6-1 in just 48 minutes in impressive style . In other ATP Tour action , Australian veteran Lleyton Hewitt upset sixth seed Feliciano Lopez of Spani 7-5 6-3 to reach the last eight of the Brisbane International . The former Wimbledon champion battled back from 5-3 in the opener to claim victory in one hour and 39 minutes . He will face Romanian qualifier Marius Copil , who caused an upset as he ousted third seed Gilles Simon 7-5 6-3 in 88 minutes , for a place in the semifinals . Nadal 's great rival Roger Federer is top seed at the Australian Open warm-up event .	Rafael Nadal into semifinals of Qatar Open in Doha Beats Ernests Gulbis 7-5 6-4 in hard-fough last eight match Spaniard has never won Qatar title Lleyton Hewitt into last eight of Brisbane International
CNN  -- World No. 3 Maria Sharapova has blasted the ruling body of women 's tennis over its demands for top players ahead of this month 's Italian Open in Rome . Maria Sharpova is furious after being threatened with a $ 300,000 fine by the WTA . The Australian Open champion is furious after being threatened with a $ 300,000 fine if she does not participate in a publicity event before the Tier 1 tournament . "  I want all my fans to know that the WTA Tour is forcing me and several of the other top players to do a four-hour commercial shoot for WTA Tour marketing materials , " Sharapova told her Web site . "  They want me to do this shoot on Sunday , Monday or Tuesday of the Rome tournament after flying 12 hours from Los Angeles . "  I have set my own personal rules when it comes to doing shoots and I never do shoots before tournaments because they are mentally draining and I want to just focus on my tennis . "  Now the WTA is telling me if I do n't do this shoot they will fine me over $ 300,000 . As you can see the WTA Tour loves to fine players . "  To be honest , I would love to do this and help promote the tour as much as possible , but to force me to do this shoot the day before a Tier 1 tournament is just not right . " The 21-year-old will be returning to action in the event starting May 12 after skipping Russia 's Fed Cup semifinal against the United States last weekend . She was beaten by Serena Williams in the quarterfinals of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston in her last outing two weeks ago . Sharapova also made a statement explaining her absence from the German Open in Berlin starting on May 5 . "  The WTA Tour makes many players enter tournaments that they know the players will not be playing , " she told her Web site . "  I informed the WTA several months ago that if I played Charleston , I would have to pull out of Berlin . "  Now they are forcing me to give an injury for the reason why I am pulling out or they will give me an additional fine on top of the $ 125,000 fine already given me . I am a very giving person but I refuse to give any more of my money to the WTA Tour . "  So I want everyone to know that apart from getting sick the past few days , I am healthy and I am looking forward to playing Rome . " Meanwhile , top seed Vera Zvonareva has reached the final of the Czech Open in Prague , beating Slovenian fourth seed Katarina Srebotnik 6-2 6-4 on Saturday . The Russian will next play either third seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus or seventh-seeded Czech Klara Zakopalova as she seeks to clinch her first title this season on Sunday . In Morocco , second seed Gisela Dulko of Argentina reached Sunday 's final of the Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem after beating French fourth seed Aravane Rezai 7-6  8-6  6-3 in Fez . Top seed Anabel Medina Garrigues of Spain will face Greta Arn of Hungary in Saturday 's other semifinal . E-mail to a friend	World No. 3 Maria Sharapova unhappy with ruling body 's publicity demands WTA wants top players to participate in four-hour photo shoot before Italian Open Russian says she was threatened with $ 300,000 fine if she does not take part The Rome top-tier tournament begins on May 12
CNN  -- Voting in Egypt 's presidential election will be extended into a third day Wednesday to allow citizens a greater chance to vote , election officials announced Tuesday in a move criticized by both candidates ' campaigns . It was n't immediately clear whether the candidates ' complaints would have any effect on the decision by the country 's election commission . The election , initially scheduled only for Monday and Tuesday , pits former army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi against Hamdeen Sabahy . "  We strongly denounce the  election commission 's  decision to extend voting another day . Extending the voting period for no real plausible reason will open the door to possible vote violations and rigging , " said Hussein AbdelGhany , a top adviser to Sabahy . The election commission extended the voting in part so that people living in areas away from where they are registered can return to vote , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . No numbers have been released , but the move comes amid concerns expressed in Egyptian media that the turnout has been low . TV hosts this week openly criticized voters for not participating . At the few dozen polling places that CNN visited or drove by in the Cairo area this week , there were no significant lines of people waiting to vote . The move also comes after Egyptian Prime Minister Ibrahim Mehleb , late Monday night , declared Tuesday a public holiday "  in compliance to citizens ' wishes , " state TV reported . The decision was thought to be a move to increase turnout . Both campaigns said they filed complaints against the commission 's extension . AbdelGhany said Sabahy would consider withdrawing from the race if his complaint was ignored . The election was called because then-President Mohamed Morsy was removed from power in July in a popular military coup . El-Sisi , who was army chief at the time , stepped down from his military post this year to run for president .	Both candidates object to extension , their campaigns say Move comes amid concerns , expressed by Egyptian TV hosts , that turnout has been low Adviser to one candidate says move opens "  door to possible vote violations and rigging "
Editor 's Note : Sunny Hostin is a legal analyst for CNN and is also a managing director of business intelligence and investigations at Kroll Inc. . Previously , Hostin served as an assistant U.S. attorney in Washington , D.C. , where she received a Special Achievement Award for her work as a child sex crimes prosecutor . She also served as a trial attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice 's Antitrust Division . Sunny Hostin says prostitution is not a victimless crime and johns should be charged . CNN  -- We finally heard from Ashley Dupre -- or "  Kristin " as former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer knew her . But did we really hear much ? I did n't . I wanted to know more about Eliot Spitzer , the man . I wanted to know how the former Sheriff of Wall Street became the Sheriff of Nottingham -- a do-gooder gone bad . A john . "  Client No. 9 . " I wanted to know how he got such a sweetheart deal . How did a ruthless prosecutor get the type of mercy from the government that he rarely , if ever , was willing to give to those he went after ? But when Diane Sawyer during her "  20/20 " interview got even close to that topic , Dupre replied , "  legally I 've been advised not to discuss that . " And that makes sense , since she does n't have an iron-clad immunity deal . If she has nothing in writing , she has to be careful . But what was striking about what I did hear was that Ashley Dupre is no different than the many prostitutes I had met during my time as a prosecutor . Her story , as told to Sawyer and People magazine : Her father left when she was 3 ; her mother remarried ; her older brother , who she described as her best friend , ran away from home when she was 12 ; she then ran away when she was 17 . She became a high school dropout . A life of drugs , alcohol and heavy partying followed . She was raped . Visions of music stardom danced in her head . Music groupie led to high paid "  escort " . But let 's call it what it is simply ... . prostitution . Watch Hostin on why Spitzer should n't have gotten a pass " But Spitzer does n't have to be careful , because he got a pass . A complete pass . He even got to keep his law license , the same one he used relentlessly and mercilessly when he went after wrongdoers . So the question I have is why ? Why did the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York , the very same office that zealously went after Martha Stewart for lying to some of its prosecutors , give him a complete pass , a proverbial get-out-of-jail free card ? U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia explained there was no evidence that campaign or public funds were used . Of course there was n't evidence of that , Mr. Garcia -- Spitzer is rich . The U.S. Attorney also claimed that his office had also determined there was "  insufficient evidence to bring charges against Mr. Spitzer for any offense relating to the withdrawal of funds for , and his payments to , the Emperors Club VIP ... " Really ? Since it seems to me  and many other lawyers I have spoken with  that there was evidence that Spitzer violated the Mann Act , which makes it a federal criminal offense to knowingly transport any individual , male or female , across state lines for the purpose of prostitution or sexual activity . The indictment made it clear that Client No. 9 met Kristin , who was based in New York but traveled to Washington , at the Mayflower Hotel , Room 871 to be exact , "  for her tryst . " It was also alleged that Client No. 9 paid for Kristin 's train tickets , cab fare , mini-bar and room service , travel time and hotel . In the way Spitzer paid for her services , it appears that there was also evidence of "  structuring , " a crime which involves creating a series of financial movements designed to obscure the true purpose of the payments . Prosecutors reportedly had a series of e-mails and wiretapped phone conversations of Spitzer , in addition to financial records . Sounds like good evidence of criminal activity to me . But Garcia finally admitted what was behind his office 's decision not to prosecute Spitzer when he said " -LSB- i -RSB- n light of the policy of the Department of Justice with respect to prostitution offenses and the longstanding practice of this office , as well as Mr. Spitzer 's acceptance of responsibility for his conduct , we have concluded that the public interest would not be further advanced by filing criminal charges in this matter . " The policy he referred to is that prosecutors do n't go after "  johns " or "  customers " . But why not ? What better way to cripple a business than to cut out its customers ? Just look at the state of our economy -- when people are n't buying , businesses are in trouble . Pure and simple . Prostitution is not a victimless crime . Look at Ashley , really look at her . She really looks like every other prostitute -- a victim of her upbringing , a victim of her circumstance and now a victim of the government 's policy . So there you have it . You ca n't lie to a federal prosecutor , but if you wire your own money to the accounts of an international prostitution ring , and arrange to have paid sex in the nation 's capital , it 's all good . You see , Martha . You should have paid for sex in Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sunny Hostin .	Sunny Hostin : Ashley Dupre was advised not to talk about Eliot Spitzer Hostin says the ex-governor was treated leniently by the U.S. Attorney She says prostitution is not a victimless crime and should be punished Hostin : Why did the U.S. Attorney give Spitzer a complete pass ?
CNN  A developer who spent three years helping create Google + has written a brutal blog post declaring the tech giant 's social network a failure . In a lengthy , at times profane breakdown on blogging platform Medium , Chris Messina , the man credited as inventor of the hashtag , writes that Google missed a chance to make the service a one-stop home for its users ' online identities and , instead , created a less-popular Facebook copycat . "  Lately , I just feel like Google + is confused and adrift at sea , " Messina wrote . "  It 's so far behind , how can it possibly catch up ? " The November 28 post was a follow-up to a tweet in which he had mistakenly called out a bug on Google + that was actually caused by an external app . Even as he corrected himself , he called out Google for the network 's missed opportunity . "  I f -- ed up , " Messina wrote . "  So has Google . " Messina left Google over a year ago to join a startup . Before that , he had worked on the short-lived Google Buzz social product , then Google + . He wrote that while it was being developed under the code name "  Emerald Sea , " Google + was internally being called "  Google Me . " The idea at the time , he said , was to make the site a sort of home base for users , where they would decide which information they 'd like to share about themselves and with whom they 'd like to share it . "  It was like Google was saying , ` We 're going to be your trusted partner in cyberspace , and we 'll help you surface the right information to the people you choose , at the right time ' , " Messina wrote . "  It was a functional search-oriented value proposition , rather than a social networking one . "  Thus , for me , when I searched for my mom 's phone number on Google , I actually find it -- because it would be on her profile and she would have shared it with me . Suddenly a query like ` mom phone number ' would work . " Instead , he wrote , Google + became "  a kind of Facebook-lite . " "  Why did the world need another Facebook , unless to benefit Google by making their ad targeting more effective ? " Messina wrote . Google did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this article . Messina wrote that innovation appears to be slowing for the Web tool . In a chart , he said Google + and Hangouts , its well-liked video chat tool , have been updated with six apps each in 2014 , compared with 15 for YouTube and 16 for Chrome , both of which are also Google properties , and 19 for Facebook , 29 for Instagram and 33 for Twitter . Aside from his personal interest , Messina said he 's disappointed because Facebook , with its more than 1.3 billion users , needs competition . "  The future of digital identity should not be determined by one company  namely , Facebook  , " he said . "  I still believe that competition in this space is better for consumers , for startups , and for the industry . And Google still remains one of the few companies  besides Apple , perhaps  that stands a chance to take on Facebook in this arena -- but Google + , as I see it , has lost its way . "	Former Google + developer says the social tool has failed Hashtag inventor Chris Messina left Google over a year ago He says G + could have been about identity , became "  Facebook lite "
CNN  -- Washington and Beijing may be facing the most tense and delicate moment in their bilateral relationship since the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown . The reported escape from house arrest of dissident lawyer Chen Guangcheng and his apparent flight to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , while not yet officially confirmed , would greatly complicate the Obama administration 's efforts to keep relations on an even keel in a year already fraught with bilateral irritants . Both leaderships want stability in the relationship , given the confluence of a U.S. presidential election and the once-in-a-decade leadership transition in Beijing scheduled for this fall . But this desire has been put to the test . There have been tiffs over China 's early support for the Assad regime in Syria and North Korea 's failed satellite launch and presumed follow-on nuclear test . And there was the bungled attempt by the erstwhile security chief of a senior Chinese Politburo member to seek refuge in a U.S. diplomatic facility on the eve of a visit to Washington by China 's putative next leader . And now this . On many levels , the parallels to 1989 are striking . After the June 4 bloody crackdown on student demonstrators in Tiananmen Square , another famous Chinese dissident , Fang Lizhi , became a living symbol of the bilateral conflict over human rights by spending a year in the U.S. Embassy before finally being allowed to leave the country . Today 's top Chinese leadership , though not yet as deeply divided as its 1989 antecedent , is struggling to maintain unity following the purge of one of its rising Politburo stars for his connections to the security chief 's botched flight and lurid allegations of the murder of a British national . Recent apparent leaks and counter-leaks to the Western media detailing leadership infighting underscore the charged political atmosphere in Beijing as party heavyweights jockey for advantage in the wake of the scandal . Another wrinkle now is the absence of a revolutionary-credentialed paramount leader -- manifest in the personage of Deng Xiaoping in 1989 -- to arbitrate among the competing leadership constituencies . Add to this cauldron the scheduled arrival in Beijing next week of a Cabinet-level U.S. delegation -- led by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner -- for the fourth round of the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue  S&ED  . If Chen is holed up in the U.S. Embassy , it is hard to fathom how the two sides will stay focused on the many pressing geostrategic and economic challenges in the relationship -- especially as they will undoubtedly face a frenzy among accompanying media over Chen 's status . Moreover , the Chinese leadership certainly will view the visit through the prism of another pivotal moment in the Tiananmen drama , the state visit to China of then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , which emboldened the demonstrators and deepened divisions among the leadership . Of course a game changer from 1989 , and one that seems to constantly surprise the Chinese leadership , is the power of social media and the Internet . Despite a large contingent of foreign media in Beijing to cover Gorbachev 's visit in 1989 , the regime still was largely able to pull the plug on the world 's ability to witness the ensuing massacre in real time . It is learning in recent weeks that such control is virtually impossible now . But this challenge can be a two-way street . If media accounts are accurate that Chen Guangcheng entered the U.S. Embassy on Thursday evening , then U.S. diplomats had less than 24 hours between his arrival and the story 's explosion on the Internet . This hardly left sufficient time to seek instructions from Washington and to approach Chinese officials about the possibility of orchestrating a face-saving way to end the potential standoff . The problem is made worse by the likelihood that many in the Chinese elite will assume the United States deliberately leaked the information to embarrass the Chinese government on the eve of the S&ED . The Chinese Communist Party 's liberal wing also is trying to exploit the downfall of its Politburo archenemy to revive its long-diminished fortunes and push for a new wave of economic and political change . Their hard-line opponents , however , will see an opportunity in the Chen Guangcheng affair to blunt any reformist tide . Coming on the same day the White House will have tweaked Beijing 's neuralgia about Taiwan by advising Congress that it will take a second look at potential sales of new fighter aircraft to the island . The news about Chen completes the circle for those eager to paint the United States as bent on stifling China 's rise . In the past , such cries of "  hostile foreign forces " meddling in China 's internal affairs frequently have taken the wind out of the reformists ' sail . Against this backdrop , the stage is set for a sudden increase in bilateral tension . Initially presumed to be largely inconsequential , next week 's S&ED meetings may prove the most critical test of U.S.-China relations the Obama administration has faced to date . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Johnson .	Christopher Johnson : D.C. , China face tense moment over dissident 's apparent flight to U.S. protection He says it has echoes of Tiananmen Square era ; reflects nations ' human rights differences He says recent tiffs have tested nations ' ties ; incident comes on eve of U.S.-China talks Johnson : China 's internal conflicts , rise of internet , help make situation fraught
CNN  -- London McCabe was a 6-year-old boy . On November 3 , he died when his mother threw him off the Yaquina Bay Bridge in Oregon , according to police . London had autism . Media coverage of his death has widely focused on the stresses and challenges of raising a child with autism . In other words , the stories are about his mother and her problems finding help , not the dead boy . This is a mistake . In all cases of violent crime , but especially those involving people with disabilities and their caregivers , we need to mourn the victims , rather than explain away their deaths . Unfortunately , whenever these terrible kinds of tragedies take place , which they do far too often , we do just the opposite . Stories about lack of support services position children with disabilities as burdens to their families . They portray the crime as understandable . Such stories perpetuate the idea that it 's better to be dead than to be disabled , that life with disability is life without meaning , and that tired , stressed , caregivers have no hope . No wonder , in such a narrative , the parents do such terrible things . The children , or at least their disabilities , become responsible for their death . Such stories do not just erase the victims , they are also generally inaccurate . In fact , this kind of killing is typically driven not by a lack of services , but by a warped understanding of disability itself . London McCabe did not want to die . London liked big hats . He liked fuzzy stuffed animals . He made a wish on his cupcake for his sixth birthday . In September , his father wrote , "  London is pleased as punch . He lays on our laps and puts our hands together . Last night he made the ` mmmwha ! ' sound and gave his Mommy a kiss . Then he made the same sound and pushed our faces together . He 's all smiles . " But in Jillian McCabe 's world , life with autism was so horrific that she allegedly felt obligated to throw her son off a bridge . Now her defense attorneys will offer an account of intense hardship as an excuse for murder , describing a situation so brutal that it seemed a mercy for a 6-year-old boy to die . The contrast between our description of London 's likes , dislikes and the last few months and his mother 's vision is stark . Such defenses play well with juries . In February 2010 , Gigi Jordan forced a lethal cocktail of drugs down the throat of her 8-year-old son . At trial , which concluded Wednesday , the jury found her guilty only of manslaughter , convinced that she was a desperate mother . Jordan 's attorney said , "  This was not a murder case . And that 's because there were extenuating and horrific circumstances . And , apparently the jurors got it . " Such claims of mercy killing are not about services or support . Gigi Jordan was extremely wealthy . Kelli Stapleton , who was convicted of attempting to kill her daughter Izzy , had received enormous amounts of services in the state of Michigan . Karen McCarron , a physician , enrolled her daughter Katie in a special private school in North Carolina . McCarron smothered her daughter . The mother of Alex Spourdalakis refused additional support from the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services . She killed her son . The common thread is not lack of services , but the parents ' own views on disability . According to Ari Ne'eman , president and co-founder of the Autistic Self Advocacy Network , these killings are most commonly perpetrated by parents who have been "  inculcated into an ideology in which it 's better to be dead than to be disabled . If they can not succeed in fixing or curing their child , their child 's life has no point . " These parents do not enter into this ideology accidentally . Ne'eman criticized the huge industry dedicated to the eradication of autism through quack treatments and the belief that environmental factors such as vaccines cause the condition  Note : They do n't  . Such false arguments perpetuate the idea that autism can be beaten through treatment ; when treatment fails , some parents turn violent . Indeed , in the months before killing Alex Spourdalakis , his mother , Dorothy Spourdalakis , had turned to anti-vaccination conspiracy theorists such as the group Autism One and Andrew Wakefield , the former doctor and notorious fraud . Wakefield criticized the medical profession for its treatment of Alex and advocated for access to "  cures , " a campaign that continues today . And it 's not just these fringe groups and snake-oil salesmen perpetuating this ideology . Autism Speaks , the biggest autism awareness charity , fundraises through military language mixed with demands for pity . For Autism Speaks , a group that has been criticized for having no people with autism on its board , autism is the enemy that must be eradicated . For someone who sees disability the way Autism Speaks does , and is unable to remove the enemy , murder and suicide seem reasonable . Autism Speaks even acknowledges this line of thought . In 2006 , then senior executive Alison Tepper Singer was widely criticized for describing , in a documentary produced by Autism Speaks , that she had contemplated driving off a bridge with her autistic daughter in the car . Singer has since stepped away from those remarks . After the film came out , she wrote , "  The point I was trying to make in the film was that the lack of appropriate services and the thought of putting her in a terrible school made me want to drive off the bridge ; not that Jodie did . " She has also since , "  changed -LSB- her -RSB- behavior and rhetoric . " Still , even if Singer has moved on , the rhetoric persists , and re-emerging now as London McCabe 's body is pulled from the water . The McCabe family may well have needed more and better services . There is a time for that conversation , but it is n't now . Ne'eman says , "  Immediately after or in connection to an act of violence or murder against a child with a disability is the disastrously wrong time to have the conversation about services . " Instead , it 's time to mourn another death and to work on how we talk about disability , because this story is n't about Jillian McCabe or support . It 's about London . He liked hats and stuffed animals . He liked it when his parents kissed . Now he 's dead .	London McCabe , a young boy with autism , was allegedly killed by his mother David Perry : In cases of crime involving person with disability , how about focus on victim ? He says media stories convey the idea that life with disability has no meaning Perry : Let 's change how we talk about disability and give parents hope and support
CNN  -- The World Cup will have a new winner on Sunday after Spain beat Germany 1-0 to set up a mouthwatering clash with the Netherlands . Spain 's hero was Barcelona defender Carles Puyol as his 73rd minute header secured his country 's first ever World Cup final . Puyol rose highest to power Xavi 's corner into the net and hand Spain a deserved victory . Vicente del Bosque 's team dominated possession against their opponents and should have won by a more convincing score line but they could n't convert their chances . Blog : Durban atmosphere fell flat Germany only created a handful of opportunities as they attempted to avenge their defeat to Spain in the European Championships final of 2008 but they failed to regularly test Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Spain will now face Netherlands at Soccer City in Johannesburg on Sunday after they beat Uruguay 3-2 in the other semifinal on Tuesday night . SI.com : Three quick thoughts Liverpool striker Fernando Torres was dropped in favor of Pedro Rodriguez as Spain made one change from their quarterfinal team . Germany drafted in Piotr Trochowski in place of the suspended Thomas Muller . It was Barcelona striker David Villa who had the first chance of the game but his effort was smothered by Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Puyol was the next to go close for Spain after he headed Andres Iniesta 's powerful cross over the bar . Lukas Podolski registered Germany 's first effort on goal just after the half hour mark as Spain keeper Iker Casillas turned his shot round the post . Just before the break Mesut Özil went down under a challenge from Sergio Ramos but the referee waved away his appeal for a penalty . Spain stepped it up a gear after halftime and Xabi Alonso came close with a fierce shot from the edge of the area that flashed past the post . Pedro was next to shoot but Neuer blocked his effort before Iniesta rolled a pass across the goal line with Villa agonizingly close to tapping home . Substitute Toni Kroos nearly scored with his first touch for Germany as he was found by a Podolski cross but Casillas parried his volley . But just four minutes later Spain were in front . Xavi 's corner was met by Puyol , and his header sped past Neuer . In Madrid , relief and rejoicing intertwine As Germany tried to force an equalizer Spain should have made the game safe but Pedro failed to tee up Torres when the striker had a clear run on goal . Spain held on to record another one goal victory and seal a first ever World Cup final appearance . Neither they , nor opponents Netherlands , have ever won world football 's most prestigious trophy but one team will make history on Sunday .	Spain beat Germany 1-0 to reach the World Cup final Carles Puyol scores the only goal as Spain win 1-0 Spain will face Netherlands in Sunday 's final
CNN  -- Too many of America 's children are n't ready for kindergarten -- or for what comes after . Only about one-in-three U.S. children are in the process of understanding or actually skilled in the kinds of math and reading activities that support the lessons they will encounter in kindergarten , according to research commissioned by Sesame Workshop . Meanwhile , only about half of children demonstrated the social , emotional and so-called executive function skills that will help them to adapt and learn during kindergarten . In fact , more than one-third of children begin kindergarten not proficient in even one of the areas we surveyed . The results , documented in the "  Kindergartners ' Skills at School Entry " report , suggest that almost half of children -- 44 % -- enter kindergarten with one or more risk factors based on their home environment  for example , poverty , parents with less than a high school education  . Unfortunately , children with these risk factors typically have lower school readiness scores than those not affected by such circumstances , particularly in reading , mathematics , and executive function skills . All this matters because these "  executive " skills -- particularly impulse control -- play a pivotal role in children 's long-term development . And , despite what some might think , something like self-regulation , and the underlying cognitive skills it requires , can actually be taught during the preschool years . Indeed , the reality is that being ready for school is about much more than just having the academic basics like having a good vocabulary or even just knowing letters and numbers . It 's about being smart in other ways , such as being able to solve problems creatively and having flexible thinking , as well as being confident and resilient , and also being kind  important when trying to get along with other children  . True , children are born ready to learn . But how and what they learn is critical in predicting children 's success in school . It might surprise many to hear that current research has demonstrated that by 18 months , scientists can detect differences in various parts of the brain between children living in low socioeconomic status environments and those in middle or upper class environments . Such findings add to the growing evidence that parents play an absolutely critical role in the development of their baby 's brain . So how can we make sure children have all the skills they need to succeed ? Children learn best through real-life interactions with the adults and items in their environment . It is through these interactions , as well as their individual genetic make-up , that forms the brain architecture and the foundations for future learning . But while it 's important for parents to gain a deeper understanding of what their infants , toddlers , and preschoolers are capable of learning , it is also critical they see what these responsive and nurturing interactions look like in order to maximize teachable moments throughout their daily routines , such as meal time , bath time and bed time . Technology can help with all this . Organizations such as Too Small to Fail and Text4baby , which we are currently partnering with are illustrating for new parents how to talk , read , and sing to their child throughout everyday moments , as well as suggesting ways to engage in stimulating activities that support their child 's development , especially language and vocabulary development . All of this seems especially important for those of us who work in the media -- we have a unique opportunity to provide educational experiences to engage young learners and really set them up for life by harnessing the power of technology to show parents and teachers the types of activities that help foster learning . And we can involve every adult in a child 's life -- teachers , grandparents and childcare professionals -- in the process . Early development of children 's brains is too often overlooked . But by inspiring a sense of joy in learning , and by building upon young children 's innate curiosity , we can help give them the building blocks they will rely upon for their whole lives .	Many of America 's children are n't ready for kindergarten , says Rosemarie Truglio Kids learn best through real-life interaction with adults and their environment , she says Early development of children 's brains is too often overlooked , Truglio writes
CNN  -- Voices across the political spectrum are debating how to prevent mass shootings such as the one in Newtown , Connecticut . Familiar ideological lines are being redrawn . Some want to renew the ban on assault weapons and expand waiting periods to buy a gun . Others want to place armed guards in schools . And then there is the challenge of preventing guns from falling into the hands of the mentally ill . While the debate rages on , it 's worth thinking out of the box for a moment . What if we could design guns to be smarter and safer -- with hardware and software ? The right technology could neutralize the killing capability of an assault weapon , even in a madman 's hands . The root of the problem is that guns are "  dumb . " Pull the trigger and they discharge bullets mindlessly , regardless of who is doing the aiming or where they are aimed . Guns should "  know " not to fire in schools , churches , hospitals or malls . They should sense when they are being aimed at a child , or at a person when no other guns are nearby . Hardware fixes alone -- such as a ban on extended clips -- may mitigate carnage in an assault , but they will not change the risk that an event happens at all if the person holding the gun wants to harm others . Addressing that challenge with reliable precision requires a hardware and software solution . Many complex products have been transformed by safety-enhancing technology . Look at airplanes , which have layers of computer-controlled safety features to temper pilot error . Cars , increasingly , have sophisticated controls to override drivers and avoid collisions . Guns , too , can benefit from technological advances . Opinion : Take politics out of gun research After the Newtown shooting , a number of Silicon Valley leaders signed the "  Demand a Plan " petition for new gun laws . It is good to know how strongly they feel about tougher regulation . It would be even better if they would invest their know-how and wealth to create a new kind of gun control -- the software kind . How might this work ? Start with locational "  self-awareness . " Guns should know where they are and if another gun is nearby . Global positioning systems can meet most of the need , refining a gun 's location to the building level , even within buildings . Control of the gun would remain in the hand of the person carrying it , but the ability to fire multiple shots in crowded areas or when no other guns are present would be limited by software that understands where the gun is being used . Guns should also be designed to sense where they are being aimed . Artificial vision and optical sensing technology can be adapted from military and medical communities . Sensory data can be used by built-in software to disable firing if the gun is pointed at a child or someone holding a child . Building software into guns need not affect gun owners ' desire to protect their homes . Trigger control software could be relaxed when the gun is at home or in a car , while other safety features stay on to prevent accidental discharges . Guns used by the police would be exempt from such controls . Finally , guns should be designed to broadcast their location when they are loaded . Police could see if high-powered assault weapons are entering or getting close to a public place . Gun owners , too , could choose to broadcast their guns ' locations publicly to increase deterrent effect . Could n't gun software be hacked ? Perhaps , but the risk can be reduced by open-sourcing code , requiring software patch downloads , and notifying gun makers or law enforcement if software is disabled . Open-sourcing code is not foolproof , but it will build a community of lawful gun owners and code writers who value safety and Second Amendment rights . Enabling two-way communication between guns and their original makers will help guns to be tracked beyond the initial sale , putting greater long-term responsibility on gun makers . Developing gun software and hardware adaptations could be hastened through a Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency-style program . This Defense Department agency tries to solve difficult warfare challenges with cutting-edge ideas . It gave us GPS , among other things . In the private sector , rewards can be offered for specific technological achievements , such as what the X Prize Foundation has been doing . Gun makers , gun retailers , even the National Rifle Association could underwrite a similar prize . Gun software could be phased in , starting with the most lethal assault rifles . Today 's guns are componentized , creating possibilities for a vibrant aftermarket , with add-ons tested and certified by a consortium of gun makers or responsible gun owners . Technology can not end depravity or violence , but it can limit the evil a person can inflict on others . After this latest heart-wrenching massacre , enacting new laws may help us feel like we have done something . But smarter technology may actually do a lot more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremy Shane .	Jeremy Shane advocates changing the way guns work with "  smart " technology Shane : Today 's guns are "  dumb , " and making them the same way is thoughtless He says gun software can start with locational "  self-awareness " and other simple features Shane : Technologists should use their know-how to help reduce gun violence
CNN  -- Thailand 's warring political factions hardly need red shirts and yellow shirts to identify themselves : a short few hours by road from Bangkok reveals a dramatic shift in culture . In central Bangkok , the young and moneyed throng the bars of Thong Lo where the men have the well-groomed detachment of the younger Abhisit -- the Eton and Oxford-educated leader of the opposition , whose 2008-2011 government launched a violent crackdown on the largely rural pro-Thaksin Shinawatra red-shirt protesters in 2010 . Amid the jazz bars and cool beer gardens of Thong Lo , these young Thais represent not only an urban and educated middle class but also the money of some of Thailand 's most established families . Just a few hours to the northeast and the prevailing culture gives way to pick-up trucks , cowboy hats and the whine of electric organ and guitar that comes from "  mor lam " music : the Thai "  up country " version of country and western . Even the King of Thailand , whose image beams from billboards dotted along the highway , is shown in his up country guise wearing the ubiquitous slouch hat favored by Thai farmers . Traditionally the poorest region of Thailand , Isan , in the northeast of the country , accounts for a third of Thailand 's population . However , it is rapidly turning from its economic staple of subsistence farming to an economy driven by trade and services . Booming economy If growth in Thailand -- South East Asia 's second largest economy after Indonesia -- is slowing , in the northeast of the country it 's booming . Economic growth in the region hit 40 % from 2007 to 2011 , compared with 23 % for the rest of Thailand over that period and just 17 % for greater Bangkok , according to government figures . Isan , which once exported people to Bangkok and the rest of the world as cheap migrant labor , is seeing its workers return . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra -- the sister of deposed prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra -- has brought in a raft of policies that ensure Thaksin 's populist policies , which included practically free healthcare and low-interest loans , continue to underpin the boom in the red shirt heartland . Chief among them is a 2.2 trillion baht  US$ 71 billion  infrastructure program aimed at the northeast and a nationwide minimum wage of 300 baht  US$ 10  a day . In some parts of Isan , this boosted household incomes by more than 35 % . An expensive rice subsidy , which guarantees farmers 40 % above market price for their crops , that has led to a conservative estimate of losses in the region of 136 billion baht  $ 4.3 billion  , has been widely criticized in Thailand and even recently drew fire from the International Monetary Fund , which urged Thailand to drop the $ 21 billion scheme . Sleeping giant As the boom fuels a growing middle class , Bangkok 's elite now realizes that it ignores the northeast -- which holds a third of the electorate -- at its peril . Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , said that while Thaksin 's populism has been demonized in Bangkok , it has awoken a sleeping giant in the northeast . "  There 's this cultural overlay , " Quaglia told CNN . "  Thailand 's system has been fairly feudal with the social ascendancy of a small group of historic families in Bangkok lording it over the rest of the country . "  There 's an attitude that says ` it 's not so wrong to have smart and good people in Bangkok running the entire country ' . They do n't really want to see one man , one vote . "  It sort of echoes U.S. history when women and blacks fought to get their vote . The underlying supposition is that these people are n't smart enough to really cast an intelligent vote , they 're prone to corruption , you can buy their vote for $ 5 . " Social revolution He said the advent of social media had also changed the political landscape in Thailand , giving both sides of the political divide a means of organizing quickly and challenging government . "  In Bangkok , we saw the so-called ' V for Thailand ' movement where thousands of people changed their Facebook pages , " Quaglia said , referring to anti-Shinawatra protests in June . "  But also in the northeast , there 's a robust social media exchange among people . " According to Thitinan Pongsudhirak , Professor of Political Science at Chulalongkorn University , the political and socio-economic divide in Thailand is further complicated by the position of the Thai monarchy . "  In Thailand , we are seeing the rise of a citizenry that used to be merely loyal subjects , " Pongsudhirak told CNN . "  This means that in Thailand almost all Thais are monarchists and democrats at the same time . Most Thais will not reject democracy and they want to protect the monarchy -- they embrace both . " However , he said that divisions have emerged in this widely held position . "  Some people will embrace electoral democracy first and foremost ; these are the people that keep voting for the Thaksin party because they feel that it gives them a voice , it gives them rights , it allows their grievances to be expressed and everything else is subservient to that . "  On the other side you have the anti-government protesters . They do n't reject the electoral democracy but they prefer the monarchy-based social and political hierarchy at the top . That 's why they keep calling for good people to run a good government to eradicate corruption . " He said that the monarchy will be critical to the stable future of Thailand . "  The monarchy has become the fault line of Thailand 's entrenched polarization and its future , including the succession , is where the battle lines will be drawn . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Thailand 's protests reveal an increasing divide between the urban south and the rural north Bangkok 's cosmopolitan urban middle class contrasts with a growing middle class in the north As Thailand 's economy slows , in the northeast government policies are fueling a boom Analysts say the advent of social media had also changed the political landscape in Thailand
CNN  -- "  How do we explain this to children ? " The question echoed across the country Saturday night after a Florida jury cleared George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . Trial watchers outside the Sanford courthouse cried and hugged after the verdict , which followed 16 1/2 hours of deliberations . But the decision sparked shock and outrage well beyond Sanford in a case that has been racially charged from the start . Zimmerman 's supporters applauded the jury for siding with the neighborhood watch volunteer 's claims that he shot the teen in self-defense . Others said prosecutors failed to prove their case beyond a reasonable doubt . But their voices were drowned out by those who viewed the trial as a referendum on race that confirmed what some said they knew all along : "  Ca n't be surprised ... Black life has no value in this country , " rapper QTip said in a tweet that was shared more than 2,000 times . ` Sanford has changed for the better ' Demonstrators gathered Saturday in New York , Tallahassee , Chicago and other major U.S. cities for mostly peaceful protests , while civil rights groups and leaders , from Rev. Al Sharpton to Rep. John Lewis , expressed disappointment with the verdict Saturday . Images of people in hooded sweatshirts flooded Twitter and Instagram tagged with combinations of #hoodsup #JusticeforTrayvon and #RIPTrayvon . The 17-year-old was wearing a hooded sweatshirt when he left the home of his father 's fiancee on February 26 , 2012 , to buy Skittles and a drink from a convenience store . He was on his way back when Zimmerman spotted him walking through his gated community and called 911 to report a "  suspicious " person in a "  dark hoodie . " He was not charged until a groundswell of protest forced officials to reexamine the case . People took to the streets in "  hoodie marches " and more than two million people signed a Change.org petition asking Florida prosecutors to bring charges against Zimmerman . A lawyer for Martin 's family said Saturday the petition showed support for the idea that "  a black 17-year-old child should be able to walk home from the store and not be shot . "  I think they may have saved the life of another child -- because I think that from now on , if there is someone who wants to follow someone with a gun , I think they 'll think twice about it . And so for those people , I say thank you , " Natalie Jackson said Saturday night . "  Sanford has changed for the better . And I think there is grace and dignity in what these people did in the peaceful protests . " A legacy of racial profiling Others , however , saw less cause for hope in the case 's outcome , calling Martin the latest victim of racial profiling in a legacy that includes Rodney King , Sean Bell and Oscar Grant . For many , the verdict confirmed that "  walking while black is a crime punishable by death , " as Twitter user Lola Ogunnaike said in a tweet that was shared more than 300 times . "  There will be a great deal said about what the verdict in this trial means , but most fundamentally we should understand that it means validation for the idea that the actions Zimmerman took that night were rational , the conclusions he drew sound , and that a black teen-ager can be considered armed any time he is walking down a paved street , " author and educator Jelani Cobb said in a New Yorker column shortly after the verdict . "  The decision the six jurors reached on Saturday evening will inspire anger , frustration , and despair , but little surprise , and this is the most deeply saddening aspect of the entire affair . From the outset -- throughout the forty-four days it took for there to be an arrest , and , then , in the sixteen months it took for the case to come to trial -- there was a nagging suspicion that it would culminate in disappointment . Call this historical profiling . " Cobb was one of many who learned of the verdict after leaving a screening of "  Fruitvale Station , " a film about the police-shooting death of Oscar Grant four years ago in Oakland , California . "  Not surprised . But distraught . Saw ` Fruitvale Station ' tonight . How ironic to come home to this verdict , " author Judy Blume said on Twitter . Of the verdict , Michael B. Jordan , the actor who plays Oscar Grant , said "  I can not believe this is the America I live in right now . " Social media erupted in response to the verdict , although chatter began earlier in the day during deliberations . "  The fundamental danger of an acquittal is not more riots , it is more George Zimmermans , " New York radio host Jay Smooth , founder of WBAI 's Underground Railroad , said in a tweet that has been shared more than 8,000 times . "  Like , I think , a lot of us , I pretty much expected this . Does n't make it ANY easier to take , " he said after the verdict , echoing the sentiments of many . Mothers and fathers of various races wondered what this meant for their children . "  Here 's hoping that all those kids out there in America buying Skittles with their #hoodsup stay safe tonight , " Lauren Sir said . When stand your ground does n't work Critics brought up the story of a Florida woman who was sentenced to 20 years in 2012 for firing a warning shot to scare off her abusive husband . Marissa Alexander unsuccessfully tried to use Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " law to derail the prosecution . Debate has swirled over the law , which allows those who believe they are in imminent danger to use deadly force to protect themselves . But a jury convicted Alexander of aggravated assault after just 12 minutes of deliberation . The case , which was prosecuted by the same state attorney who handled the Trayvon Martin case , gained the attention of civil rights leaders , who said the African-American woman was persecuted because of her race . But amid the sorrow , messages of peace and hope emerged . "  Change does n't roll in on wheels of inevitability but comes through continuous struggle . So we must straighten  our  ... backs & work 4 freedom , " Cory Booker , mayor of Newark , New Jersey said , quoting Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. . "  Bigotry & hate wo n't just quietly disappear - nor be defeated by more hate . It 'll take stubborn , relentless , unyielding love & service . " CNN 's Alicia Stewart contributed to this report .	"  Black life has no value in this country , " rapper QTip says George Zimmerman 's supporters applaud jury for siding with self-defense claims Civil rights groups express disappointment
CNN  -- Hollywood 's release of "  50/50 " in September received praise from top critics , but did n't do as well at the box office . The movie , starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen , is screenwriter Will Reiser 's humorous take on his own experiences as a cancer patient . "  Everything that we put in the movie , we wanted it to feel like it was real and honest , " says Reiser in an interview with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Critics give credit to movies , such as "  50/50 , " that they believe deliver a sense of authenticity and evoke an emotional response . To patients like Pamela Cromwell , cancer-themed movies do not accurately portray the truth behind real-life cancer diagnoses . " ' 50/50 ' was a great start , but the majority of movies reinforce the stigma that to be a ` certified ' cancer patient you must appear weak , decrepit and on your death bed , " says Cromwell , a breast cancer patient of the Cancer Treatment Centers of America in Philadelphia . Many patients also feel that some of these movies fail to show the daily physical and mental effects of cancer . For Thomas Brokaw , a colon cancer patient in Alaska , "  Movies tend to miss the realism of the day-to-day negative impact from having this disease or the impact the treatments have on the total body . " Although movies such as "  My Sister 's Keeper , " "  The Bucket List " and "  A Walk to Remember " tried to focus on the effects of the disease , they still received lukewarm reviews . The New York Times ' A.O. Scott said "  My Sister 's Keeper " was " ... too soft , too easy and it dissolves like a tear-soaked tissue . " Meanwhile , USA Today critiqued "  The Bucket List " as " ... superficial , manipulative and schmaltzy . " The star power leading some of the plots may encourage viewers to watch , yet audience response overall is similar to the critics . "  A Walk to Remember " grossed a modest box office total of $ 41,281,092 while the Chicago Tribune said it " ... scrapes the bottom of the melodramatic barrel . " On the other hand , some cancer patients and survivors can relate to these movies and find them comforting in their own way . "  I think they drive the reality for those that were impacted , " says Sandra J. Wing , founder and president of the Healing Therapies Foundation , a volunteer organization that provides financial assistance for cancer patients . "  It reminds you of the importance of life -- the importance of every moment and not to waste it on things that are n't of value . " Some films help to deliver a greater appreciation of life . To many viewers , these movies provide a platform that brings a sense of comfort . Reiser agrees saying , "  Everyone 's affected by cancer ... but after screening the movie , people are much more open about sharing their own stories , and talking about the different ordeals they 've gone through to one another . "	"  50/50 " is one of Hollywood 's many cancer-themed films moviegoers did not rush to see Critics praised the movie yet shunned similar ones that failed to give a sense of realness Some cancer patients believe these movies do not accurately portray real-life cancer cases
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Four days after Haiti 's earthquake , a 2-month-old baby girl was brought to a field hospital barely alive , her skull fractured , her ribs broken , her pulse dangerously low . Doctors at the makeshift hospital in Port-au-Prince knew the baby had only hours to live if they did n't get her to a pediatric intensive care unit . Assuming she was an orphan -- she 'd been found in the rubble of an apartment building in the arms of a dead woman -- they whisked her to a plane headed to Miami , Florida . They had no idea that back in Port-au-Prince , a couple named Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis were frantically searching for their baby girl . The couple 's efforts to reunite with their daughter in the United States has been an odyssey of grief , legal entanglements , DNA tests and strength to persevere when it seemed all hope had been lost . Searching for their lost baby When the earthquake hit Haiti on January 12 , Devilme was at home with her daughter and her babysitter . She watched in horror as the floor fell apart beneath them and Jenny fell headfirst through a hole , followed by the baby sitter . Devilme herself was knocked unconscious . The next thing she knew , she awoke at a local hospital . Her husband , who was not at home when the quake struck , rushed to be by her side . She told him to go back to their home and search through the rubble to look for Jenny . For four days -- Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , and Friday -- Alexis came back with the same news for his wife : he could n't find Jenny . Then on Saturday , a neighbor arrived with news : someone had found Jenny and taken her to a hospital . Which hospital ? The neighbor did n't know . The couple searched hospitals nearby but found no sign of their daughter . Finally , they learned that she had been taken across town to a field hospital set up near the airport by the University of Miami , and then flown to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami . Thrilled to learn their daughter was alive , the couple then learned they could n't see her . With no passport and no visa , they had no way to get to the United States . They could n't even prove the baby was their daughter . By that time , many were calling her "  Baby Patricia , " the name given to her after the ambulance driver who got her to the plane to Miami on time . Now Devilme and Alexis set out to prove that this little girl was theirs -- that she was n't Baby Patricia , but Baby Jenny . Proving they were the parents Through the International Red Cross , Devilme and Alexis requested a DNA test to prove they were the parents . Little happened for weeks , partly because of a legal dispute over whether the baby should be a ward of the state of Florida or a ward of the federal government , according to Mark Riordan , a spokesman for the Florida Department of Children and Families . "  I ca n't sleep at night , " Devilme said March 6 in Creole through a translator . "  This is all that I have . She 's my only child . " To show that Jenny was her child , Devilme showed a visiting journalist Jenny 's vaccination record from the local hospital and a small blue Bible inscribed with the baby 's name and date of birth . While he awaited the DNA test , Alexis carried around a black-and-white copy of a photograph , sent to him through the Red Cross , of the baby in her crib at the hospital in Miami . "  I look at the picture and I cry , " he said in March . "  That 's all I have , is this picture . " Then Mark Lapointe , a Haitian-American lawyer in Miami , took interest in the case and became the attorney for the baby , who was referred to as "  Unknown Haitian Baby " in court hearings and "  Jane Doe " at her foster home in Miami . He asked Miami attorney Roberto Martinez to represent Devilme and Alexis . Together , the lawyers pushed for a DNA test , and on March 16 , Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis were informed of the results : She was n't an unknown baby or Jane Doe or Patricia -- she was their baby , Jenny Alexis . "  This is a case where these were really good parents , and I ca n't wait for these parents to be reunited with their baby , " Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Cindy Lederman said at a hearing March 17 . "  This is one happy day . " A tearful reunion It took another two weeks of legal maneuvering to get Devilme and Alexis passports and visas , and on Monday , after 84 anxious days , they were reunited with their daughter . First , they were taken from the tent city where they 've been staying to the Port-au-Prince airport . For the first time , the couple met the lawyers who 'd been helping them , as well as Dr. Arthur Fournier , the University of Miami doctor who arranged to have their daughter flown to the United States . "  This is what they call in Creole a mirak -- a miracle , " Fournier said at the airport . The couple then flew to Miami and were driven to His House , the foster care provider where Jenny has lived since being released from the hospital . When Devilme and Alexis walked through the door of the cottage where Jenny lives , they immediately sunk to their knees , embracing their baby and crying . Jenny smiled and looked around , made eye contact with her parents and the foster care worker who cared for her in her parents ' absence . "  It was impossible to have a dry eye , " said Martinez , who was present at the reunion . The parents have a one-year "  humanitarian parole " -- a type of visa -- from the federal government and can apply to have it renewed , according to Donald Cannava , a lawyer for the Florida Department of Children and Families . Jenny is still receiving care for a fractured skull and receives physical therapy for her injured arm , which she still ca n't use properly . But in general , she 's in good health , a far cry from the emaciated , frail child brought to Miami nearly three months ago . "  She 's a fat little baby , " Martinez said . "  She 's a happy , bouncy little kid . "	Haitian couple 's efforts to reunite with their injured daughter in the U.S. has been an ordeal Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis ' daughter , Jenny , fell through floor during Haiti quake Assuming she was orphaned , officials whisked the badly injured girl to Miami Devilme and Alexis had an emotional reunion with their daughter on Monday
New York  CNN  -- Have you ever dreamed of watching every game of an entire baseball season ? Be careful what you wish for . Major League Baseball intends to have two lucky fans do just that . Starting Thursday , Major League Baseball 's opening day , contest winners Mike O'Hara and "  wingman " Ryan Wagner will view the entire 2011 season in the brand-new "  MLB Fan Cave , " a Major League Baseball press release announced Wednesday . That means O'Hara and Wagner will view 2,430 regular season games , along with all post-season games , while stationed in front of three 60-inch TVs surrounded by a dozen 32-inch TVs , according to MLB . In addition , these co-fanatics will spend their time , "  chronicling their experiences and sharing their viewpoints on baseball and pop culture through Facebook , Twitter , a blog on MLB.com , custom videos and regular appearances on MLB Network , " the release said . "  The MLB Fan Cave will give fans a creative new way to experience Major League Baseball , " said Tim Brosnan , the Executive Vice President of Business for the MLB . "  This is going to be a real-time experience which brings to life how people consume entertainment in 2011 with baseball at the center of it all . " If you 're wondering why or how anybody would commit to this , you 're not alone . As O'Hara points out in a video released by MLB.com , "  Anytime somebody says you 're going to go live in a cave you 're frightened right off the bat ... bears live in a cave , not people . " But this is not your average cave and the project has been under way since right after the World Series , MLB spokesperson Matt Bourne told CNN . The 15,000-square-foot space in lower Manhattan was designed by Paul DiMeo of ABC 's "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition , " Wednesday 's press release revealed . It contains an 18-foot statue of Willie Mays , a deejay booth , a 1950s-style Pepsi Cafe , a Budweiser Game Room , a Fantasy Baseball Corner , and a pitching alley complete with a radar gun . But the release also indicates that the cave is not just for the cavemen . The space will hold frequent events and offer haircuts and tattoos as well . On select days , the cave will offer appraisals for baseball memorabilia , and most importantly , we can all follow along through digital media to see if these two fans can do the impossible .	Two contest winners will watch every game of the 2011 baseball season The brand-new "  MLB Fan Cave " opens Thursday on baseball 's opening day It 's a 15,000 square foot baseball fan 's dream located in lower Manhattan Winners will watch all 2,430 games , plus post-season , on 15 screens
New York  CNN  -- Police in New York and Virginia are searching for a 22-year-old Virginia Commonwealth University student who went missing days after arriving in New York City to celebrate New Year 's Eve , according to authorities . Ian Hunter Burnet left Richmond , Virginia , on a bus bound for New York on December 26 , according to his father , Mark Burnet . He planned to stay with a fellow VCU student and her friend in an apartment on 139th Street near Riverside Drive in Harlem , his father said . "  He went up just to have a post-Christmas tourist visit to New York City and celebrate New Year 's Eve . He was intending to have a short time there and then return back to Virginia , " Burnet said . According to his father , his son and a friend had made plans to hang out together back in Virginia on January 2 , but Ian Burnet never made it back . The last communication he had with his son was December 28 . "  I received a routine type of text talking about touring in New York , " he said . Some other news outlets have reported that Burnet told friends he was not having a good time in New York , but his father told CNN that was something he had not heard . "  I wish I knew more , " he said , "  If I did , I might be able to understand what happened . " What investigators do know is that the friends with whom Burnet was staying say they last heard from him on December 30 . "  Ian was communicating via text with them and the last bit of information that we had was that he was just stepping out to go out for the evening . And we do n't have any information other than that , " said Burnet 's father . "  It 's very frustrating , " said New Kent County Sheriff Farrar W. Howard Jr. , whose Virginia office is leading the investigation in conjunction with Virginia State Police and the New York City Police Department . "  Nobody has seen him since the 30th . " The NYPD is directing all media inquiries to the New Kent County Sheriff 's Office . Mark Burnet said that Ian , who graduated as valedictorian from New Kent County High School and was on a full scholarship to study engineering , was looking forward to classes starting back at VCU on January 17 . He said Ian had lived on his own for years , was independent and would have no reason to simply run away . According to Mark Burnet , his son 's roommate from school told him that she and Burnet had planned their courses for next semester together and that he was excited to finish his degree . Authorities retrieved Burnet 's phone at the apartment where he was staying , but for Burnet to be without his phone is not uncommon , according to his father . "  He did n't really like talking on the phone . He would send texts and surf the Web , but he did n't like to carry a lot of valuables on his person , " Mark Burnet said . Authorities say Burnett did take his driver 's license and credit cards with him the last time he left the Harlem apartment . "  Who knows what 's going through a 22-year-old 's head ? " said Burnet 's father , "  but he would not want us to worry ; if he was out there , he would get in touch with us . " Friends , family and supporters held a candlelight vigil in Virginia on Tuesday night for the missing Eagle Scout . Ian 's ex-girlfriend , Meaghan King , attended . "  He has always had a good head on his shoulders , -LSB- he is -RSB- probably one of the sweetest people I have ever come in contact with , " she said . Burnet 's parents set up a Facebook page , which is drawing in tips for police , as well as volunteers . "  There 's a lot of people out there trying to look on the streets and see what 's happened , but the fact is we just do n't know , and we 're really trying to find someone who might know , " said his father . "  I 'm hoping that those people who know how to investigate these matters can do that ; that 's my hope . " Burnet 's parents plan to travel with friends to New York on Thursday to be with family in New Jersey , and help in the search for their son . Police describe Burnet as a white male , who is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 160 pounds . He has brown hair and green eyes and was last seen wearing a gray "  Wikipedia " sweatshirt .	Ian Hunter Burnet , 22 , left Virginia to celebrate New Year 's Eve in New York He stayed with friends in Harlem , who last heard from him December 30 His parents have set up a Facebook page asking for information Ian Burnet is 5 feet , 10 inches and weighs 160 pounds ; he has brown hair , green eyes
Until now "  sequestration " has been a word that only means something to people living inside the Beltway or to political junkies who depend on their daily dose of Politico and The Hill . But if Congress and the president do not reach a deal by March 1 , which appears likely , Americans will quickly learn what it means -- namely deep spending cuts . The spending cuts pose a significant political threat to Republicans , more so than to Democrats . Although many Republicans are standing firm , insisting that their party will be fine if the cuts go through , there are many reasons for the GOP , through a sober eye , to see the dangers that lay ahead . The cuts could push congressional politics in a liberal direction and establish the foundation for solid Democratic gains in 2014 . Last week Bob Woodward argued that President Obama was responsible for the sequester idea , not the Republicans . But while people are squabbling over who owns the sequester , the GOP will take the hit regardless . The danger for Republicans is that the budget cuts will severely weaken public support for the austerity theme that the party has been promoting since 2010 . The cuts will make "  deficit reduction " something very real to average American citizens and business and something that is often quite painful rather than an abstract debate over numbers . Opinion : One cuts , Washington throws a tantrum While Americans have historically been hostile to government , they tend to support specific government services when asked by pollsters . So Washington 's overall spending might not be popular as a concept , but Social Security and Medicare are . The spending cuts will shift the debate toward the specifics . Americans will watch as government services are retrenched . The last time this happened , things did n't go well for the GOP . When the federal government shut down in 1995-1996 because of a budget standoff between Republicans and President Clinton , the GOP faced a huge backlash when Americans were unable to access basic government services , such as obtaining a passport or visiting the national zoo . Opinion : The spending cut fairy tale President Obama has already been using the bully pulpit to make this case , appearing with first responders and warning of how the cuts will impact police , hospitals , teachers , airline workers and more . Standing in front of a group of police officers , Obama said , "  Federal prosecutors will have to close cases and let criminals go . " While these speeches are a form of political theater , they are based on very real possibilities . The budget cuts that result from sequestration would just be the first of the threats the GOP faces . If the government has to shut down as a result of a standoff when the government 's general operating budget expires in late March or the debt ceiling is not raised this spring , Republicans will continue to lose the public 's confidence in their ability to govern and the reduction in services will highlight to Americans what the government actually does . If the economy sputters as a result of the spending cuts , as some economists predict , deficit reduction will look even worse . An already frustrated workforce will become even more angry , and likely take out their frustration on a Republican Party that has been insisting deficit reduction should be the nation 's short-term goal , rather than stimulating the economy . Conservatives will suffer as the focus of congressional debate will quickly shift from the issue of spending cuts , where the emphasis has been since 2011 , to the issue of spending more . Once the cuts go through , frustration and anger with the impact on government services will certainly produce increased pressure on legislators in both parties to offer a fix , namely to restore spending to key areas . Borger : Obama ca n't kick his legacy down the road With legislators already thinking about the 2014 elections , this will be tempting . If this shift occurs , Republicans , who have invested so much in making fiscal discipline their top issue , will be operating in a congressional environment where the debates center around areas where the government needs to devote more government resources rather than less . The automatic spending cuts are the ultimate symbol of a dysfunctional government . The reason the cuts were put into place was that President Obama and Congress were unable to reach an agreement on taxes and spending . Government leaders agreed to put a gun to their own head by threatening unpalatable cuts if they were unable to reach a deal . Now the trigger is about to be pulled . The problem for Republicans is that the polls show that the approval rating of the GOP is in the tank while President Obama is doing relatively well . According to Quinnipiac University , only 19 % of Americans approve of how Republicans are handling their job . Obama is enjoying his highest favorability ratings since 2009 , with 60 % having a favorable rating of him in a Washington Post-ABC poll . The likelihood , as in 1995-1996 , is that the public will blame the dysfunction on the GOP rather than Democrats and the party will suffer a further erosion of its standing as a result . According to a recent poll by the Pew Foundation and USA Today , Republicans would be blamed for the cuts by almost half of Americans , while only 31 % would blame Obama . News : Top Senate Republican doubts damage from defense cuts Sequestration will soon become a dirty word in the American political lexicon . While it is impossible to predict which way the political winds will blow , there is good reason for Republicans to see how they can suffer politically if some kind of deal is not reached . Republicans , who have now struggled through two presidential elections and are facing a demographic shift that does not work in their favor , might want to start thinking harder about their strategy on spending . Deficit reduction is no longer a winning issue for the GOP .	Julian Zelizer : Washington 's budget fight will grab public 's attention if no deal reached He says painful cuts will lead the public to blame Republicans for Washington 's dysfunction Americans do n't like government spending in general but like specific programs , he says Zelizer : GOP needs to rethink its reliance on deficit reduction as a prime strategy
The good news is that news of the sign was shocking . Because there was a time , not so very long ago -- a time remembered vividly by many living Americans -- when the sign would not have raised eyebrows , much less warranted national headlines . You may have seen the story earlier this month . The Ohio Civil Rights Commission upheld a ruling that a landlord in Cincinnati who had posted a "  White Only " sign on the gate to her swimming pool had violated the Ohio Civil Rights Act . The landlord , Jamie Hein , who is white , said the sign was an antique , intended to be a decoration ; one of her tenants , Michael Gunn , filed the complaint because he believed the sign was placed to dissuade his daughter , who is African-American , from using the pool . Each side has its own version of the story . But it received widespread coverage because the idea of such a sign , in 2012 , was so startling , and was so abhorrent to many people . Such signs , though , well into the 20th century , were an accepted part of the American scene . If you 're not 50 years old yet , chances are pretty good that you never saw one in a public place . Yet as late as the 1960s , they were there ; Elizabeth Abel , author of "  Signs of the Times : The Visual Politics of Jim Crow , " told me that some in fact were in place through the 1970s . This nation had been around for more than 175 years ; more than a century had passed since the abolition of slavery ; and the signs still hung . The popular assumption has come to be that the signs , and what they represented , were limited to the South , but that was n't the case . In the 1930s and 1940s , photographers for the Farm Security Administration Historical Section , which later became part of the Office of War Information , documented the American landscape . Among the photographs , which are on file at the Library of Congress , were shots of signs in small towns and large . The South is certainly abundantly represented in those photos : a "  Colored Waiting Room " sign at the bus station in Durham , North Carolina , a "  Colored " sign at one entrance of a movie theater in Belzoni , Mississippi , a "  Colored " designation on a sign by a drinking fountain on the lawn of the county courthouse in Halifax , North Carolina , a "  White Waiting Room " sign at the bus terminal in Memphis , Tennessee . But there is also a photo taken in Lancaster , Ohio , of a "  We Cater to White Trade Only " sign in a restaurant window ; one of a man drinking from a "  Reserved for Colored " water cooler at a street car stop in Oklahoma City ; a "  White " sign at a fountain in Baltimore , Maryland . Because the signs were so commonplace , and because they went largely unchallenged , to see them for the first time , if you were a child just learning to read , was confusing , difficult to process . As a boy growing up in the 1950s , on a vacation trip to Florida with my parents , I saw the signs in neighborhood after neighborhood . Restrooms for "  Whites , " restrooms for "  Colored , " drinking fountains on opposite ends of a wall , labeled according to the races that were supposed to partake of them . Words , when you are for the first time able to read them yourself , contain great power , convey absolute authority . Words on signs , to young eyes just becoming accustomed to deciphering them , represent official positions . And for so many years , the official position on so many signs in so many towns was : whites and blacks should not share public facilities . Which is why it is meaningful that the swimming pool sign in Cincinnati was considered prominent news this year . As the ubiquity of the "  White " and "  Colored " signs fades into history , it is helpful to occasionally remind ourselves that this country may lose its way more often than we 'd like , and may make its share of mistakes , but we tend to try to get things right over the long haul . It would be difficult to make the argument that Americans live in a racial paradise today . The signs are long gone , though . It may have taken far too much time before the country figured out how wrong the signs , and what they signified , were , but the figuring out got done . When customs accepted for generations are harmful to the nation and to what it stands for , the customs eventually are tossed out . Drunken driving used to be winked at ; cigarette companies once mocked claims that the product was bad for people ; Jewish families were routinely turned away from "  restricted " hotels . The American road is very long , and we 're all still on it . Sometimes it 's a good idea to look at the signs by the side of the road -- particularly the ones that are no longer there . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter .	Bob Greene : Case of a recent Ohio "  Whites Only " sign points up ugly part of U.S. history He says such signs once not uncommon in South , and also North , even into the 1960s He says children , in particular , absorb messages on signs ; internalize them as official Greene : It 's meaningful that Ohio story made news ; a reminder of the American journey
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways carried out its threat Wednesday and stripped striking cabin crew members of their travel perks . Staff who joined the strike last weekend will now lose benefits including free and heavily discounted travel , BA said . "  Letters are going out to staff who took industrial action concerning staff travel , " a statement from the airline said . "  Our cabin crew knew that if they took part in the strike they would lose their staff travel permanently . "  Staff travel offers heavily discounted travel to airline employees . This is a non-contractual perk that the company can withdraw at its discretion . " BA Chief Executive Willie Walsh had threatened last week to take away the travel perks , which may have been one reason why some union staff agreed to work despite the strike last weekend . Are you worried about the strike ? The airline said Wednesday it is expanding its flight schedules this weekend ahead of a second round of strikes because more staff are willing to cross the picket lines . The planned four-day walkout follows the one last weekend by crews dissatisfied with pay , benefits and staffing levels . BA will be able to run a full operation from London 's Gatwick Airport and London City Airport this weekend because so many cabin crew members will be working as normal , the airline said in a statement late Tuesday . At London 's Heathrow Airport , BA will be able to run up to 55 percent of its short-haul flights and up to 70 percent of its long-haul flights , the airline said . "  As a result of the numbers of crew wanting to work , we are increasing significantly our flying schedule and will be operating a full schedule at Gatwick and London City airports , " Walsh said in a statement . "  I would like to thank all our customers for their patience and support . I apologize to those whose flights will regrettably have to be canceled at Heathrow because of Unite 's continuing action . " Unite is the union representing 95 percent of BA 's 15,000 cabin crew members . Passengers booked on flights that have been canceled by the strike will be offered seats on flights with BA or other airlines , or will be offered a full refund , the airline said . British Airways advised passengers to regularly check its Web site , www.ba.com , to see whether their flight is still operating . Passengers should contact British Airways or their travel agent instead of going to the airport if their flight has been canceled , BA advised . Advice for passengers British Airways and Unite have been at odds for more than a year over changes the airline wants to make to cabin crew pay and work practices . BA says the changes will save the company more than 60 million pounds  $ 90 million  a year . Unite has said the plans , which call for longer work hours and less staffing , will damage customer service and the BA brand . In addition , stock analysts said BA has made clear it sees the action not only as a matter of money but who will run the airline -- management or the union .	BA carries out threat to strip striking cabin crew members of travel perks Staff who joined strike at weekend lose benefits such as free and discounted travel Striking workers oppose BA reorganization they say will mean staff cuts Airline says more flight schedules this weekend ahead of second round of strikes
The audience at Pop ! Tech 's annual conference rose to its feet as Dr. Jim Olson wrapped up his talk on Tumor Paint . "  In this world where stadiums are named after rich corporations , where buildings are named after wealthy donors , I wanted to name the most exciting science that I 've ever participated in after her , " he said , referring to Violet , a patient of his who donated her brain to science shortly before dying . It 's unclear if the audience 's standing ovation last month was aimed more at Olson 's innovations or his passion . Perhaps it was for the children he has treated -- the ones whose faces flashed across the screen as he spoke about losing the fight against cancer . Or maybe their applause was for those kids ' parents , who have raised $ 9 million to fund Olson 's research . They believe in him . It 's hard not to after listening to the unassuming way he plans to change medicine . A pediatric neuro-oncologist , Olson says he has spent too many years explaining why a surgeon may not remove all of a patient 's cancer or , instead , accidentally take part of a child 's healthy brain . That 's why he and his team created Tumor Paint , a product designed to illuminate cancer cells in the body , helping surgeons distinguish them from healthy tissue . "  The key to brain surgery is to remove the bad stuff and leave the good stuff inside , " says Dr. Rich Ellenbogen , a neurosurgeon who worked to develop Tumor Paint with Olson . "  However , it 's not that easy . " While cancerous cells may glow on an MRI , they look remarkably similar to healthy cells during an operation . Only experience -- and luck -- guide surgeons as they try to remove the deadly areas . "  Take a few grams of tissue that belong safely in the brain , then the patients wake up not as perfect as they went into the surgery , " Ellenbogen says . Ellenbogen and Olson knew they had to find a way to light tumors up during an operation . Digging through existing research , Olson found a scientist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham who was using venom from an Israeli Deathstalker scorpion to target brain tumors . The venom seemed to bind to the cancerous cells without affecting the healthy tissue . Olson hypothesized that attaching a molecular flashlight of sorts to the venom would make it easier for surgeons to distinguish good cells from bad . 10 medical advances in the last 10 years The first six grant applications Olson submitted to the National Institutes of Health to test his theory were denied for being too over-speculative , or overambitious , he says . Then a hospital administrator introduced him to Rhoda Altom . Altom 's daughter Stewart , then 7 , had been diagnosed with a ganglioglioma , a rare type of brain tumor , in her left temporal lobe . Doctors told Altom they would have to take out a large portion of Stewart 's brain to make sure they got all the cancer cells . "  They kept saying , ` Brain tumors are n't color-coded , so we have to take our best guess , ' " she remembers . Altom asked what was being done to find a better way to treat this cancer , but no one had a satisfactory answer . So she went to Seattle Children 's Hospital and offered to raise $ 5 million to get the research going . Pharmaceutical development is often a dog-eat-dog world , Olson says . Scientists clamor to be the first to identify new medications that can be sold to lots of patients to gain recognition and recoup the money their company has put into the discovery . "  It has to be a huge seller to make it worth it , " he says . "  No company would make a drug that only affects rare diseases . " Gangliogliomas represent just 4 % of all pediatric brain tumors . Altom reached out to Olson 's patients , past and present , and other parents who had lost children to brain tumors . They held golf tournaments and sold greeting cards , hosting hundreds of fund-raisers to pay for the preclinical work on Tumor Paint in Olson 's lab . Olson and his team were able to identify a small protein , or peptide , in the scorpion 's venom and use it to produce Tumor Paint . They grew a brain tumor on a mouse 's back and injected the "  paint " into a tail vein ; within an hour , the cancer was lighting up . Tumor Paint was 500 times more sensitive than an MRI , and it did n't just work for brain cancer but breast , skin , prostate and colon cancers . Olson founded Blaze Bioscience in 2010 to run human clinical trials and commercialize Tumor Paint . The biotech company is on track to start enrollment for trials in Australia in December , CEO Heather Franklin said . "  In a matter of 10 years , surgeons will look back and say , ' I ca n't believe we used to remove  tumors  by using our eyes and our fingers and our thumbs , ' " Olson says . Sex is doctor 's life 's work Olson is continuing his work with optides , or optimized peptides . Six months ago he launched Project Violet at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center . Scientists there are using the drugs created by nature -- such as scorpion venom -- to find ways to fight disease . Olson uses a potato to explain how evolution has helped plants and animals create some of the best drug candidates around . A potato is just a ball of starch underground , right ? So is a pile of noodles . But while the potato can emerge after weeks unscathed , a pile of noodles underground would be eaten by bugs in hours . Potatoes , Olson said , have created a "  drug " to protect themselves . If he can harness the potato 's DNA to create medicine , it could potentially protect humans from disease . Project Violet will use crowdsourcing to fund its research . Citizens can "  adopt " drug candidates for $ 100 and name them as they go through the discovery process . Each candidate is a variation of a protein made from a plant or animal . "  First and foremost , I 'm a parent , " Olson says in a video about Project Violet that was a finalist in the Sundance Film Festival 's Focus Forward competition this year . "  And when I know a child is going to die , and the prescriptions I 'm writing might make them live a couple weeks longer but are n't going to save their lives -- there 's nothing harder than that . And that drives my research . " His lab has an open policy -- researchers share everything they learn in hopes of inspiring others . Altom , with other patient families , recently presented Olson with a check for $ 180,000 to create a library of information from Project Violet that will be available to scientists around the globe . "  We 're creating drug candidates ... that could fundamentally change the world , " he says . "  We 're throwing motives of profit or biotech building to the wind . Let 's do what 's right for the greatest number of people . " Watson : ` DNA was my only gold rush ' When her daughter had her tumor removed some 16 years ago , Altom waited anxiously in the hospital room for her to wake up . When the child opened her eyes and began complaining about the tubes in her arm , Altom burst into tears . "  I thought it was the most beautiful thing I had ever heard . " Stewart Carlson , now 24 , attends George Washington University . She occasionally has trouble remembering verbal information but is otherwise a healthy , happy young woman . They got lucky , Altom says . That 's why she continues to raise money for research . "  I always tell Jim Olson that I want to be able to look him in the eye when someone has a brain tumor and say , ` At least they did n't break their leg , ' because we 'll be able to diagnose and treat tumors so effectively . ' "	Tumor Paint illuminates cancer cells , helping distinguish them from healthy tissue Human clinical trials will begin in cancer patients in Australia this year Dr. Jim Olson recently launched Project Violet to identify more drugs from nature
CNN  -- "  X-Men : First Class " hits theaters as the fifth in a series of successful movies in the "  X-Men " franchise , with at least two more "  X " films on the horizon : "  The Wolverine " and "  Deadpool . " The series was the second launched by Marvel Studios in 2000 , following a wildly popular 1990s Saturday morning animated series , which closely followed the story arcs from decades of stories from the wildly popular comic books . Marvel Comics regularly puts out seven core "  X-Men " titles , and they remain among the top-selling titles for the company . This kind of success certainly was not the case in 1975 , when Chris Claremont took over as writer for "  Uncanny X-Men . " At that time , it was a bi-monthly title and a perennial "  also-ran , " not as popular as other Stan Lee creations like Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four . When then-editor-in-chief Len Wein noticed Claremont 's enthusiasm for the characters , he asked Claremont to work on the title . "  For the chance to work with those characters and a talented artist like Dave Cockrum , I said yes , " Claremont said . With the introduction of characters like Rogue , Gambit and Mystique , the development of Wolverine , and classic storylines like the "  Dark Phoenix Saga , " readers soon discovered  and in some cases , rediscovered  the X-Men . So , what was it that got them hooked , and what has hooked so many since ? "  I wanted the characters to be memorable , just out of a sense of realism , " said Claremont , "  that the more like the readers they became , in familiarity in challenges , in the stresses and strains they faced , and choices they made to overcome them , the more enthusiastically the readers would bond to them , and stick around and come back for more . " Claremont described himself as being "  knocked off his feet " over and over by the fans ' affection for the characters . "  For many of them , the X-Men were akin to real people , the conflicts the X-Men faced had resonance in their own lives , " he said . "  It was sort of daunting because from the inside looking out , it 's ` Hey , I 'm writing stories about adventures with colorful costumes , and we 're all having a great time . ' But it 's readers bonding with people , not with images , and it became a circumstance where I , as a writer felt a responsibility to respect that relationship , and in turn come up with stories that fulfill the investment for the reader . It was not just a casual throwaway thing . If they care that much I have to give them something worth caring about . " Claremont recalled meeting one fan years ago , who was in tears . "  Her husband had been willing to indulge her affection for the comics so long as it was just her , but now their children were growing up and starting to read and he was not convinced that people having adventures in skintight costumes were altogether appropriate , " he said . "  His feeling was that his wife would have to stop reading it , and she was heartbroken because she had an equally strong commitment to the fictional characters she had been enjoying all these years . When you come face to face with that kind of circumstance , it has to be treated with respect . It 's like singing on stage and realizing you had an impact on your audience , and using that as an excuse to do your craft better than before . " Readers like iReporter "  Cougar " Littlefield of Broomfield , Colorado , have been touched deeply by the X-Men in the years since . "  One story that really changed me was ` The Legacy Virus , ' " he said , describing the story arc that played out over several years , ending with Colossus ' sacrifice and his girlfriend Kitty Pryde 's exit from the X-Men . "  It helped me let go of some serious issues in my life at the time , " said Littlefield . "  I saw that this superhero could let go , and I realized I could let go and move forward from some things that were holding me back and really ruining my life . It was a true coming-of-age story . " The X-Men have been particularly relatable to the geek set , said Kiel Phegley , news editor of ComicBookResources.com : "  Any kid that ever felt a little strange -- be they a traditional comic nerd , a theater geek , a punker , an ethnic minority or someone who self identifies as queer -- could see themselves in the struggles of the mutant heroes fighting to fit in to the normal world . Of course , it never hurt things that such a personally powerful metaphor came wrapped in stories of ruggedly sexy superpeople who spent their time falling in and out of love with each other whenever they were n't battling giant robots . " As for Claremont , he was caught up in these characters just as much as the readers were , and stayed with the X-Men titles until the early 1990s  and returned to the characters several times since  . "  I kept running into all these really neat people in the book , " he said . "  The more stories I told , the more I found I wanted to tell . There was always something left unsaid . I got hooked by my own impulse of ` Well , what 's gon na happen next ? ' " The characters ' relatability , trials and tribulations were n't the only things that caught fans ' interest . Many saw parallels between the mutants ' struggles to fight prejudice and what was happening in the real world . "  The constant theme of ` people fear what they do n't understand ' is what defines most of America 's issues , especially with racism , homophobia and anti-Semitism , " said iReporter and motivational speaker Omekongo Dibinga , a lifelong fan of the characters . "  Professor Xavier always talks about engaging , always talks about going to the community , and a lot of people really need to pay attention to these comic books , because I think we can learn a lot from them . " Another famous Claremont story arc , "  Days of Future Past , " had quite an impact on readers , such as Viktor Kereny of Los Angeles , California . "  This story gave me insight into the issues of genocide and fighting for freedom , " he said . The characters of Xavier and Magneto have even been compared to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X . Last year , Lee told CNN , "  They were meant to emphasize the conflict between people who felt that we 've got to all work together and find a way to get along , and people who feel , ` We 're not treated well , therefore we 're going to strike back with force ! ' " When asked about the comparisons , Claremont said , regarding his early work in the 1970s , "  It was too close . It had only been a few years since the assassinations . In a way , it seemed like that would be too raw . My resonance to Magneto and Xavier was borne more out of the Holocaust . It was coming face to face with evil , and how do you respond to it ? In Magneto 's case it was violence begets violence . In Xavier 's it was the constant attempt to find a better way . " "  As we got distance from the '60s , the Malcolm X-Martin Luther King-Mandela resonance came into things . It just fit . " The word Claremont uses the most to explain the X-Men 's appeal , as well as comics ' appeal in general , is "  primal . " "  The best moments in comics come from a primal image that captures the emotion and the conflict . What you add are the pieces that get you to the point and what happens next . Comics are primal , down and dirty . " So , with so many decades of being so close to these characters , could Claremont ever pick a favorite ? "  It 's like asking a dad if you have a favorite kid , " he said . "  I could cheat and say Kitty ... well , but Lockheed ... Nightcrawler is so cool . Jean is so ... and then there 's Ororo and Scott . I ca n't pick one , they 're far too much fun . "	"  X-Men : First Class " is the fifth "  X-Men " franchise film The "  X-Men " comics have sold consistently well for more than 30 years Writer Chris Claremont and fans talk about what makes the characters special
CNN  Yet another war in the Middle East could bring devastation and tremendous international repercussions . So many people around the globe breathed a sign of relief Thursday as word broke that Hezbollah said it does not want to further escalate hostilities against Israel . Still , after a high-profile missile strike by Israel , days of missile attacks by the Lebanese militant group , and exchanges of fire , tensions are high . The possibility remains that a full-scale military confrontation could erupt -- as it did in 2006 While regional politics are at play , numerous other major factors are as well -- including oil prices , ISIS , Iran 's nuclear dispute with the West and the threat of Hezbollah terrorist attacks around the world . Here 's a look at what 's happening . This week , Hezbollah fired five anti-tank missiles at Israeli military vehicles near the Lebanese border , killing two soldiers and wounding seven others . Israel also evacuated a town that includes a popular ski resort following Hezbollah attacks in the region . In skirmishes that followed , a Spanish service member with the U.N. peacekeeping force in Lebanon was killed . It 's unclear whether he was killed by Hezbollah or Israeli fire , the United Nations said . Spain 's U.N. Ambassador Roman Oyarzun Marchesi said the violence "  resulted from the rocket attacks launched by Hezbollah " and "  the artillery fire which followed . " When asked whose fire killed the peacekeeper , Marchesi said "  it was because of the escalation of violence and it came from the Israeli side . " But the next day , Stephane Dujarric , spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said , "  The precise cause of death is as yet undetermined and remains the subject of investigation . " All this follows an Israeli airstrike last week in the Syrian town of Quneitra that killed six Hezbollah operatives and at least one member of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard . Iran state media said Gen. Mohammad Ali Allahdadi was killed , but the Jerusalem Post reported that six Iranian commanders were killed . "  The attack delivered perhaps the highest-profile blow to Hezbollah and Iranian interests in Syria since the outbreak of war there , " Phillip Smyth wrote on ForeignPolicy.com . Among those killed was Jihad Mughniyeh . In his 20s , he was the son of one of Hezbollah 's founders , Imad Mughniyeh , who was killed in a 2008 bombing in Damascus , Syria . Jihad Mughniyeh 's death "  represented a symbolic blow to the Shi'ite Islamist group that his father helped to found with Iranian backing in the early 1980s , " the Jerusalem Post reported . Although Hezbollah is based in Lebanon , it is aligned with and supports the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Iran supports both the Syrian regime and Hezbollah as well . The fighting has been taking place in the region in which Lebanon and Syria border the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights . The Israeli tank that was struck was in Shebaa Farms , also known as Har Dov , a disputed strip of land . Neither Israel nor Hezbollah wants the situation to spiral into a war , analysts say . "  I think Israel 's trying to defend its borders " and is concerned about attacks from "  a well-known terrorist group " across the border , said Matthew Levitt , author of the 2013 book "  Hezbollah : The Global Footprint of Lebanon 's Party of God . " In Hezbollah , there are elements that would like to escalate , said Levitt , director of the counterterrorism program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . But "  the attack against the Israeli patrol really does appear calculated to minimize response . You do n't have a force going into Israel proper , you do n't have the attempts to snatch bodies , " he said . In 2006 , war broke out after Hezbollah militants crossed into Israel , killing three soldiers and kidnapping two others , then killed another five Israeli soldiers . Timeline : Decades of conflict in Lebanon , Israel Hezbollah has many of its fighters at war in Syria on behalf of al-Assad . But the group has others available to carry out attacks against Israel . And it felt it had to respond to last week 's Israeli airstrike on Quneitra , sending a message to "  its community and its constituency , " said Levitt . Iran felt the same way . Tehran viewed the Quneitra attack as "  crossing a line that warrants a response , " said Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian American Council and author of "  A Single Roll of the Dice : Obama 's Diplomacy with Iran . " All this is taking place against a backdrop of negotiations between Iran and Western powers over its nuclear activities . The Israel-Hezbollah dispute comes "  at a pivotal time for the nuclear talks in a way that is not helpful for the U.S. or Iran , " Parsi said . Depending on how the nuclear talks go , Iran may show restraint -- or the situation may escalate further , he said . Iran needs to make sure the situation cools down , said Michael Rubin , a former Pentagon official now at the American Enterprise Institute . "  Iran ca n't afford to let the fighting between Hezbollah and Israel get out of hand as it did in 2006 , " he said . More than 1,000 people on the Lebanese side and more than 150 on the Israeli side died in the war . "  Most scenarios involving an Israeli strike on Iran 's nuclear program involve a simultaneous push into Lebanon to blunt Hezbollah 's ability to retaliate and fire missiles into Israel . If Israel and Hezbollah 's skirmish descends into war and Hezbollah rocket fire , then the Israelis might figure in for a penny , in for a pound " -- in other words , fighting back against Hezbollah might mean going after Iran 's nuclear sites . "  If things escalate to the point where Hezbollah starts firing missiles at Israeli cities , then Israel might figure that 's as good a green light as any to get the job done , " Rubin said .  Tehran insists it only wants nuclear energy ; Western nations , including the United States , and Israel believe Iran seeks nuclear weaponry . The Israel-Hezbollah dynamic also has implications for the fight against the ISIS terror network . The United States and Iran both oppose ISIS . U.S. officials have opened channels of communication with Iran over it .  "  U.S. and Iran Both Attack ISIS , but Try Not to Look Like Allies , " read a New York Times headline . The fighting between Hezbollah -- a Shiite militant group -- and Israel "  should highlight the dangers of relying on Iran against Sunni extremists like ISIS . Rather than bring stability or security , Hezbollah 's actions show that the U.S. would simply be swapping one flavor of extremism for another , " Rubin said . Another piece of the puzzle is the oil market . The drop in oil prices is hurting Iran , Hezbollah 's sponsor . "  The Iranians spent a lot of money helping Hezbollah repair Lebanon in the wake of the 2006 war . Price of oil going down , stretched in Syria , Iran is simply not flush and I do n't think wants it this time around , " former U.S. State Department official Aaron David Miller , now with the Wilson Center , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Iran is also struggling from sanctions over its nuclear activities and is "  funneling billions of dollars to the Syrian regime , " the Christian Science Monitor reports . Hezbollah has had to tighten its belt . But there 's another way Hezbollah can flex its muscle : through further terrorist attacks elsewhere in the world , said Levitt . The group has a long history of attacks overseas , including one at the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut , Lebanon , in 1983 that killed 241 Americans . Bulgaria found Hezbollah was behind an attack on a bus that killed five Israeli tourists in 2012 . Peru reported thwarting a bomb attempt late last year . Authorities announced they would press charges against a man who confessed to being a member of Hezbollah , Reuters reported . Ever since the militant group 's military chief Imad Mughniyeh was killed in the 2008 bombing , Hezbollah has been trying to carry out new terrorist attacks around the world in response , Levitt said .	Israel and Hezbollah have stepped up fighting in recent days Neither side wants a full-scale war , analysts believe Iran , oil , ISIS and more all play into the scenario
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Sony blamed the global economic slowdown , increased competition and an appreciating yen for a 95 percent drop in third-quarter profits , as the company announced its results Thursday . Customers check Sony 's Bravia brand LCD TVs at an electronics shop in Tokyo , Japan . Profits for the quarter , which ended December 31 , fell from nearly 200 billion yen  $ 2.2 billion  in 2007 to about 10 billion yen  $ 110 million  in 2008 . Across the company , sales were down 25 percent , but electronics and games sales were especially hard hit . Sales of games , including the company 's popular PlayStation series , fell 32 percent over the year . Sales of electronics decreased by nearly 30 percent . The appreciation of the yen also cut into profits . A stronger yen makes Japanese products more expensive or forces companies to lower their profit margins to keep prices the same . Last week , Sony warned that it will close out the fiscal year , which ends March 31 , with an operating loss of 260 billion yen  $ 2.9 billion  , its first in 14 years . Watch what lies ahead for Sony "	Sales were down 25 percent across the company Electronics and games especially hard hit , with sales falling 30 percent or more Sony warned last week it will close out fiscal year with operating loss of $ 2.9 billion
Niamey , Niger  CNN  -- Two French citizens who were kidnapped in Niger 's capital were killed -- apparently executed by their abductors -- during an attempted rescue mission , the French Defense Ministry said Sunday . "  During this rescue operation , the two hostages were killed , probably executed by their kidnappers . Two French soldiers were injured and many terrorists were killed , " said a statement on the ministry 's website . The two were seized by masked gunmen who burst into Le Toulousain , a restaurant owned by a French citizen , in Niamey Friday night . A witness said the bar was crowded and many people did not realize what was going on at first . A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense said it is believed that "  those behind the kidnapping were probably part of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  . " However , AQIM has not yet claimed responsibility . The group did acknowledge it was responsible for the abduction of five French citizens who have been missing since September . The spokesman said French Defense Minister Alain Juppe will travel to Niamey Monday to hold a news conference . No other details , including the identities of the two who were slain , were immediately available from official sources . The French newspaper Le Figaro identified the men as Antoine De Leocour and Vincent Delory , both 25 . French President Nicolas Sarkozy condemned the killings in a statement Sunday , calling them a "  barbaric act . " He vowed that France will "  fight relentlessly against terrorism . " Niger 's Voice of Sahel radio reported severe clashes between Niger army forces and the kidnappers early Saturday near the town of Ouallam , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  northwest of Niamey , the capital , and not far from the Mali border . The leader of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , Abu Musab Abdul-Wadud , has warned France that if it does not withdraw its troops from Afghanistan , more French nationals would be endangered . "  If you want safety for your citizens who are held captive by us , then you must move quickly to take your soldiers out of Afghanistan according to a specific time table that you announce officially , " Abdul-Wadud said . The five French citizens kidnapped in September were linked to French nuclear energy company Areva , which has been mining uranium for decades in Niger , one of the poorest countries in the world . France has already said it may begin to withdraw some troops from Afghanistan next year . Minister Herve Morin told French radio station RTL in late October that France will begin to transfer the control of certain districts to Afghans in 2011 . Journalist Ibbo Daddy Abdoulaye contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarkozy calls the killings "  a barbaric act " The French Defense Ministry says the men were likely executed by their abductors It 's believed the kidnappers are linked to al Qaeda , a spokesman says The two were abducted while having dinner at a restaurant
CNN  -- Passengers might already be expecting the glamor of the "  Grand Budapest Hotel " when they set sail aboard the "  Queen Mary 2 . " This June they 'll also get movie director Wes Anderson . Anderson , whose whimsical cinematic visions have earned him a cult following and two Academy Award nominations , will join the luxury liner to participate in chats about his work . Accompanying him on the June 13 voyage will be two regular actors in his movie casts , Oscar-winning Tilda Swinton and Jason Schwartzman . Screenplay writer and director Roman Coppola , who has collaborated with Anderson on several films , including "  Moonrise Kingdom " and "  The Darjeeling Limited , " will also be on board during the seven day transatlantic crossing from New York to Southampton , England . MORE : 7 best expat movies of all time Cunard , which operates the "  Queen Mary 2 , " says Anderson and his colleagues will take part in film screenings as well as question and answer sessions . "  This is going to be my first time on board the ` Queen Mary 2 , ' but I have been looking forward to having this chance since before the ship was even launched over 10 years ago , " Anderson says in a Cunard press statement . "  I 'm especially happy to be able to travel this way with my great friends . " MORE : 7 worst expat movies of all time The life aquatic Anderson , whose works include "  Rushmore , " "  The Royal Tenenbaums " and "  The Fantastic Mr. Fox , " was awarded the Silver Bear Grand Jury Prize at the 2014 Berlin International Film Festival for his latest release "  The Grand Budapest Hotel . " The film charts the escapades of a formidable concierge and his lobby boy sidekick at a famous hotel frequented by the kind of clientele that would n't be out of place on cruise ship crossing the Atlantic . While there may be echoes of the "  Grand Budapest Hotel " on board the "  Queen Mary 2 , " there wo n't be any real life representation of Anderson 's earlier work , "  The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou . " That movie saw Bill Murray star as a hapless oceanographer who leads the crew of his boat into the hands of pirates -- thankfully not a scenario included in ticket prices ranging from $ 1,298 to $ 18,948 . MORE : Fearless photog risks his life for perfect wave pics	Wes Anderson , whose whimsical films have earned him a cult following , will join passengers of the "  Queen Mary 2 " Anderson will be accompanied by Tilda Swinton , Jason Schwartzman and screenwriter Roman Coppola Passengers can attend screenings of Anderson films and have a Q and A with the director
It 's the second most common cancer for men worldwide , but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose , with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives . But in a study presented in May this year , trained detection dogs were able to identify prostate cancer from a few sniffs of a urine sample with a staggering 98 % accuracy , with few false positives . Although the study is by no means conclusive , it joins a growing body of research suggesting dogs could be able to smell out cancers . However , there are numerous practical problems in using dogs to detect cancers in a medical setting  not least training , consistency and identifying exactly which chemicals the dogs are detecting  , which is why scientists are seeking to harness the potential detection ability of man 's best friend through the development of an "  electronic nose " capable of making a diagnosis . ` Easily sniffed ' Finnish researchers are using a device that conducts molecular analysis of the atmosphere in the "  headspace " above urine samples , and tests it for the volatile organic compounds associated with prostate cancer . In a study published earlier this year , the method had a detection rate of 78 % , and a specificity  the probability of the test being negative when cancer is absent  of 67 % . "  We see molecules at the stages when the tumor is very small , " said lead investigator Dr. Niku Oksala , of the University of Tampere . "  We can also find whether it is aggressive or benign to know what action is needed . " Oksala 's team is continuing to refine the method , such as through removing impurities for cleaner sample analysis , but he believes the principle is reliable and can be applied to many other cancers . "  We have found there are over 30 molecule compounds in a tumor that are very smelly and easily sniffed . Eventually this can be used as a test for every cancer in the Western world , " he added . Around the world , similar approaches are being applied to offer simple diagnosis for the world 's greatest killers . In 2011 , the Gates Foundation announced funding for a battery-operated electronic nose prototype in India that functions as a breathalyzer test for tuberculosis . The "  NaNose " is being developed by the Israeli Technion Institute , claiming 90 % accuracy in detecting lung cancer from a breath test , and providing enough information to distinguish between subtypes of the disease . New generation Electronic noses are not a new concept . Medical sensors first emerged in the 1980s , but were unable to deliver reliable diagnoses . But in this new generation of devices , experts believe the field has matured . "  The idea been around for over 20 years with many companies making e-noses they thought would be useful for diagnosing diseases , but they were way oversold and that destroyed the idea for a time , " says Dr. Gary Beauchamp , director of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Pennsylvania . "  While the devices today do n't come close to mimicking the nose of a dog , I 'm confident that they will help to recognize diseases based on body odors . " Cancerous material can be found easily enough , says Beauchamp , but decoding the mass of combinations that form smells remains a difficulty . "  Odors are a mixture of compounds and that requires pattern recognition . A dog recognizes an individual person through thousands of odors at one time , so you need a device that gives you the same information , and that is the challenge for the next generation . " In the short-term , Beauchamp believes that odor recognition could be used in conjunction with other tests , particularly as a means of non-invasive , early detection that could be followed up if necessary . "  They could become part of a routine examination in much the same way as blood tests ... that seems to me a likely scenario . " There are fears that making diagnosis too widely available could take serious decisions out of the hands of experts , and that unreliable tools could proliferate . But similar techniques are already established outside of medicine , for a range of applications from testing for dangerous chemicals to quality control in food manufacturing . Companies are already moving toward consumer healthcare applications for the electronic nose . British start-up Owlstone is working on a mobile breath-testing system that would give users instant analysis of their breath , offering early detection of conditions such as diabetes , TB or cancers . NASA technology is also being researched as a mobile sensor for lung cancer . As molecular analysis becomes cheaper and more reliable the applications are rapidly expanding .	Scientists developing "  electronic noses " to detect diseases Finnish researchers report success in detecting prostate cancer Others are trying to detect TB and lung cancer by analyzing smell
CNN  -- Elaine Barrish Hammond has a schedule that rivals none . In the morning she has an interview with a journalist who seems to have a vendetta against her to be followed by her son 's engagement dinner , where she 'll meet her ex-husband 's buxom girlfriend . Oh , and she has to handle a diplomatic crisis involving three innocent American journalists who are about to be executed by a foreign dictator . All in a day 's work for the secretary of state in the fictional world of USA Network 's "  Political Animals . " The six-hour miniseries , which will premiere at 10 p.m. ET on Sunday , stars Sigourney Weaver as Elaine , a former first lady who becomes the secretary of state after losing the presidential nomination . With "  Political Animals , " viewers will get watch as Weaver 's character deals with her challenging political role and tumultuous family life . Fans may recall that Weaver once played the first lady in "  Dave , " a 1993 romantic comedy about a presidential switcheroo . However , her new role as Elaine places the actress in a more powerful leading role . In an interview with CNN , Weaver said her new character is a no-nonsense , powerful politician who is also the head of the household . Why summer is becoming the prime time for prime-time TV "  It 's one of the richest roles I 've ever played , " she said . "  She is kind , such a passionate politician for the right reason and her moral compass is so strong . She is sure-footed . " The Hammond family and their collective storylines are also central to the series . "  Political Animals " creator , executive producer and writer Greg Berlanti said that while the show has a political theme , viewers will see more scenes featuring the Hammonds sitting around more dining tables than conference tables . "  I was intrigued by writing about a former first family , " Berlanti said . "  There 's this wistful quality of ` Were n't we great when ... ' " Berlanti , who was also one of the creative forces behind the TV series "  Brothers & Sisters , " said that the human side of those in politics is often forgotten by the general public and he wanted to capture that in this project . On HBO , art imitating political life ? "  One of the things about the show is the duality about our public life , about our noble goals , dedicating our life to something , " he said . "  But it comes as a sacrifice . There are things that are engaging to them . There are darker elements to each of their characters . The flawed characters are indeed aplenty in "  Political Animals . " Elaine 's youngest son T.J. Hammond  Sebastian Stan , "  Kings "  is the first openly gay son of an American president and is secretly a drug addict . Bud Hammond  Ciaran Hinds , "  Munich "  is the charismatic ex-husband of Elaine whose popularity sinks after his affairs are revealed . The miniseries as with other political dramas like "  The West Wing , " draws some parallels to the present . Elaine as the secretary of state in some ways embodies the years of the only three women to occupy the position ; Madeleine Albright , Condoleezza Rice and currently Hillary Clinton . And Bud 's unfaithfulness and Elaine 's run for president before becoming the secretary of state might remind viewers of events surrounding a certain real-life political family . Berlanti said the Hammonds certainly seem to mirror the Clintons , however Elaine 's character has other influences . "  I do n't want to be coy of Hillary and Bill comparisons . " he said . "  Their resume is sort of the same and I liked the dynamic of a power couple . But it comes more from Madeleine Albright 's book . We were trying to draw  on  what it means to be the first female secretary of state . " Berlanti said that he was also interested in presenting how different personalities clash in politics , even when they are playing for the same team . "  Politically speaking , it 's not us versus them , or Democrat versus Republican . " he said . "  It 's Democrat versus Democrat . " For example , there is Elaine 's relationship with President Paul Garcetti  Adrian Pasdar , "  Heroes "  who went from being her opponent in the presidential race to her boss . They clash over foreign policy among other things . "  They pick the best rowers , they all realize that they are the on the same boat , " Pasdar said . "  They had to do what they did to get to the White House . They realize that politically they enhance each other 's political power , but personally they diminish it . There is a respect , begrudgingly , that is fun to play with . " A similar tension exists initially between Elaine and Susan Berg  Carla Gugino , "  Sin City "  , the Pultizer Prize-winning journalist who has made her career by following and criticizing the Hammonds . Gugino said her character of Susan grew up idealizing Elaine but was disappointed when Elaine stayed with the philandering Bud for as long as she did . Summertime is a hot time for USA Network "  They are more birds of the feather , " Gugino said . "  What their professions are also keeps them at a certain distance . There is something that is connecting them . It is very tricky . " Gugino said that Susan becomes closer to the family in the process of an exclusive interview and the two women slowly form an unspoken alliance in a political world dominated by men . Weaver said that the idea of a woman taking the political helm attracted her to "  Political Animals " in the first place and she said that the format of the series will give the concept some substance . "  I hope it will encourage more women in politics , " she said . "  We need more women in politics . We do n't stand on ceremony and are not about hierarchy . We are much more practical because we are mothers . ... I am hoping the show will reach women . Women are needed in Washington . "	"  Political Animals " revolves around a fictional Secretary of State , her political and family life Sigourney Weaver on her lead role : "  We need more women in politics " "  Political Animals " premieres July 15 at 10 p.m. ET on USA
The FBI planned to fly Edward Snowden 's father to Moscow to encourage the National Security Agency leaker to come home to the United States , his father told The Washington Post . But Lon Snowden said he backed out , because it was not clear he would be able to speak to his son . Interactive : Snowden 's options "  I said , ' I want to be able to speak with my son . . . . Can you set up communications ? ' And it was , ` Well , we 're not sure , ' " the father told the newspaper Tuesday . "  I said , ` Wait a minute , folks , I 'm not going to sit on the tarmac to be an emotional tool for you . ' " Lon Snowden spoke to CNN on Monday and Tuesday , but did not bring up this incident . In an interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper Tuesday , the father said he wants the accused leaker to stay in Russia , until he is confident he can get a fair trial in the United States . Snowden 's father : ' I know my son . I know he loves his country "  I am not confident at all , " Lon Snowden said . The multiple guilty verdicts handed to leaker Pfc. Bradley Manning on Tuesday increased his unease , although he says his son 's case is "  completely different . " "  I think my son has exercised discretion in the information that he has shared , " he said . Edward Snowden admires Manning , his father said . "  He 's an individual who took a stand . " Snowden a patriot ? Edward Snowden , a former employee of a government contractor , leaked to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . It also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , Snowden said . Lawmakers in Washington have built a criminal case against him . Snowden 's lawyer , Bruce Fein , who also appeared in the interview with Tapper , objected to the government 's intent to prosecute Snowden . "  The majority of the American people now have voiced grave concerns about the scope of that program . And it seems somewhat odd to be prosecuting somebody for disclosing government wrongdoing . " Snowden -- facts , fictions and fears He said that Snowden had the courage to spark a conversation that President Barack Obama has called "  urgent . " Fein believes it would be impossible to find an "  unpoisoned jury " to try his client given the heavy media coverage . He lambasted Washington politicians for speaking of Snowden as if he were guilty , trampling on his right to be considered not guilty until proven otherwise . Lon Snowden told the Post that his son grew up in a patriotic family . Many of his relatives had served in the military or police forces . Lon Snowden said he served in the U.S. Coast Guard . His son acted out of patriotism , he said , knowing that he would suffer personally for his decision to protect Americans ' constitutional rights to privacy . Lon Snowden told Tapper that he expects Obama to do the same .	Edward Snowden acted out of patriotism , his father tells The Washington Post Report : Lon Snowden said he did not fly to Russia because he doubted he 'd be able to speak to his son Lon Snowden wants his son to stay in Moscow for now He is ` not confident ' his son would receive a fair trial in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- NBC has apologized to Rep. Michele Bachmann after the house band for "  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon " played an inappropriate song during her appearance on the show Monday , CNN confirmed Thursday . Bachmann received a letter Wednesday from Doug Vaughan , NBC 's senior vice president for special programs and late night , that apologized for what happened and called the incident "  not only unfortunate but also unacceptable , " said Alice Stewart , the Republican presidential hopeful 's spokeswoman . According to Stewart , the letter also said the show 's band , which played the song "  Lyin ' Ass Bitch " by Fishbone as Bachmann first appeared on stage , was "  severely reprimanded . " "  She accepted the apology , " Stewart told CNN Thursday . Bachmann also spoke to Fallon Wednesday and had a "  nice conversation , " said Stewart , who described the late night host as "  remorseful " and "  a class act . " Fallon had offered an apology via Twitter on Tuesday , but Bachmann then called for an official apology from NBC . The controversy started Monday when the Minnesota congresswoman walked out to greet Fallon on stage , and the show 's band , The Roots , played the Fishbone song . Bachmann admitted being oblivious to the slight , telling Fox News on Wednesday that she "  was n't aware of it at all . " She insisted the treatment she received through the song amounted to "  sexism , " and she added that it "  would n't be tolerated if it was Michelle Obama and should n't be tolerated for a conservative woman , either . " Still , she said , "  I 'd love to go back again . " Some of Bachmann 's ire was directed toward the drummer of Fallon 's house band , Ahmir "  Questlove " Thompson . "  If that song had been played for Michelle Obama I have no doubt that NBC would 've apologized to her and likely they could 've fired the drummer or at least suspended him . None of that happened from NBC and this is clearly a form of the bias on the part of the Hollywood entertainment elite , " Bachmann said . The song choice appeared to be intentional . Prior to Bachmann 's arrival on stage , the band 's drummer , Questlove , tweeted during the show : "  Aight late night walkon song devotees : you love it when we snark : this next one takes the cake . ask around cause i aint tweeting title . " Despite the song choice , the interview was amicable , with Bachmann and Fallon trading jokes . On Tuesday , Fallon tweeted : "  I 'm honored that @michelebachmann was on our show yesterday and I 'm so sorry about the intro mess . I really hope she comes back . " The band also issued a statement saying "  the performance was a tongue-in-cheek and spur-of-the-moment decision . " Stewart said Thursday that Bachmann recognized that Fallon "  had no idea this happened . " Fallon has invited Bachmann back on the show , Stewart said , adding that no date was set but "  she would prefer to pick her opening music next time . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The NBC apology letter called the incident "  unacceptable " The candidate called for the network to apologize over the incident on Jimmy Fallon 's show A song with a derogatory title was played as Bachmann walked on stage Monday Fallon apologized by Twitter on Tuesday
Health.com  -- Gradual hearing loss is a common symptom of aging , but in some people it may also be an early sign of Alzheimer 's disease or other types of dementia , a new study suggests . The risk of dementia appears to rise as hearing declines . Older people with mild hearing impairment -- those who have difficulty following a conversation in a crowded restaurant , say -- were nearly twice as likely as those with normal hearing to develop dementia , the study found . Severe hearing loss nearly quintupled the risk of dementia . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's Disease It 's unclear why the loss of hearing and mental function might go hand in hand . Brain abnormalities may contribute independently to both conditions , but it 's also possible that hearing problems can help bring on dementia , the researchers say . Hearing loss may lead to social isolation  which itself has been linked to dementia  , for instance , or it may interfere with the brain 's division of labor . "  The brain might have to reallocate resources to help with hearing at the expense of cognition , " says the lead researcher , Frank R. Lin , M.D. , an ear surgeon at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore . That may explain in part why straining to hear conversations over background noise in a loud restaurant can be mentally exhausting for anyone , hard of hearing or not , he adds . The findings suggest that poor hearing is a "  harbinger of impending dementia , " says George Gates , M.D. , a hearing expert at the University of Washington in Seattle , who was not involved in the new study but whose own research has demonstrated a link between the two conditions . "  We listen with our ears but hear with our brains , " Gates says . "  It is simply not possible to separate audition and cognition . " Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory In the study , which appears in the Archives of Neurology , Lin and his colleagues followed more than 600 dementia-free adults between the ages of 36 and 90 for an average of 12 years . A little less than 30 percent of the study participants had some hearing loss at the start of the study . Overall , 9 percent of the participants went on to develop Alzheimer 's disease or another form of dementia . Mild , moderate , and severe hearing loss were associated with a two-fold , three-fold , and five-fold higher risk of later dementia , respectively , in comparison to normal hearing . People with moderate hearing loss generally struggle to communicate even in quiet settings , and those with severe hearing loss are near deaf . Lin says that hearing loss has an enormous impact on the lives of his patients and their family members . "  Yet because it is such a slow and insidious process , it is often left ignored and untreated . " Whether hearing aids or other treatments  such as cochlear implants  can help stave off dementia is the "  50 billion dollar question , " Lin adds . Thirty million Americans currently have impaired hearing and 1 in 30 are predicted to suffer from dementia by 2050 , so if those treatments prove to be helpful , their impact would be felt widely . Health.com : Aging workforce means dementia on the job could rise There is no cure for dementia , and there are no surefire ways of preventing it . Gates is n't optimistic that restoring hearing can affect the course of dementia . However , if treatments and prevention strategies for dementia do become available in the future , he says , hearing loss could play an important role in early detection . Lin and his colleagues have begun researching the effect of hearing aids on the risk of dementia . "  Whether or not it can help dementia , we do n't know yet , " he says . "  But in the meantime , there 's no reason not to take your hearing loss seriously and pursue some type of treatment . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	In some people , gradual hearing loss may also be an early sign of types of dementia "  We listen with our ears but hear with our brains , " a source says 30 million Americans have impaired hearing ; dementia predicted for 1 in 30 by 2050
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least one Afghan Taliban leader has been seized in neighboring Pakistan by security forces , sources told CNN Thursday . Mullah Abdul Salam was arrested last week , according to Afghan government officials , Taliban sources and a U.S. official . "  The Taliban is down another shadow governor , " the American source said late Wednesday , declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the information . The news came against the background of an intensified U.S.-led campaign against insurgents on both sides of the border . Taliban fighters are resisting an allied military push into area they control in Helmand province in the south of Afghanistan , a military operation called Moshtarak . According to British Maj. Gen. Nick Carter , it will the NATO-led force "  another 25 to 30 days to secure that which needs to be secured " in the region , and a further three months after that to be sure insurgents are being kept out . But Operation Moshtarak has reached "  the end of the beginning , " he said in a briefing from Afghanistan broadcast by the Pentagon Channel . "  The insurgent was entirely dislocated within 24 hours " of the insertion of troops by helicopter , he said . The Nad-e Ali district is "  broadly secure , " he said , but there is still Taliban resistance in Marjah . "  It will be some days before we can be completely confident that Marjah is secure , " said Carter , the International Security Assistance Force 's head of Regional Command South . Ten civilians were killed on the second day of the operation , he said . Reports at the time said 12 were killed . "  They  Taliban  know this is their last stronghold . They 're not backing down , " CNN 's Atia Abawi reported from the battlefield , where she is embedded with U.S. Marines . The crackle of small arms fire and the whoosh of outgoing mortar rounds from the Marines were clearly audible on the line as she described the battle . "  About five minutes ago Taliban started attacking our area , " she said shortly before 8 a.m. ET . "  The Taliban are not giving up -- they seem to be coming out in squads ,  but  they know they ca n't group together in large numbers " because it would make them easier targets . The Taliban seem to include "  foreign fighters who will fight to the death , " she said . Across the border in Pakistan , four people were killed and five were wounded Thursday when a drone fired on a suspected militant compound in Pakistan 's tribal region , intelligence sources and a local political official told CNN . The four who were killed were suspected militants , two intelligence officials told CNN . It was not clear whether the wounded were also militants . The remote-controlled aircraft fired two missiles at the compound , which is in the Danday Darpakhel area of North Waziristan , one of seven districts in the tribal region along the Afghan border , the sources said . They asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media . The U.S. military does not comment on reported attacks by the pilotless aircraft , but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones . Mullah Salam , the Taliban commander , was arrested in Pakistan , the Afghan government and Taliban sources agree , but they named different cities as the location of his capture . Gov. Muhammad Omar of Afghanistan 's Kunduz province said Thursday he was detained in Quetta -- where the Afghan Taliban reportedly has its leadership councils . The Taliban sources said he was nabbed in Faisalabad . Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz province , Omar said . He was directing Taliban military operations in the province , including ordering terrorist actions , mine planting and suicide attacks , said Abdul Razaq Yaqubi , the chief of police in Kunduz . Yaqubi said Salam and another Taliban "  shadow governor , " Mullah Salih , were arrested in the Pakistani city of Peshawar last week . He said the information came from Pakistani authorities . Salih was the shadow governor of Baghlan province , the police chief said . There was no immediate confirmation of Salih 's arrest . Word of Salam 's arrest comes days after news of the capture of the Afghan Taliban 's reputed second-in-command , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar . Taliban sources and Omar said several other suspected members of the Afghan Taliban were arrested with Salam , but their identities are not clear . CNN 's Pam Benson in Washington , journalist Mati Matiullah in Kabul , and journalists Nasir Dawar and Umar Aziz Khan in Islamabad , Pakistan , contributed to this report .	Mullah Abdul Salam arrested last week , according to Afghan , U.S. sources Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz province Comes days after Taliban 's reputed second-in-command was arrested Taliban fighting NATO-led push into area they control in Helmand
CNN  -- From "  Mississippi Masala " to "  Vanity Fair , " Mira Nair 's movies have entranced audiences in India and the West . CNN spoke to the director of "  Monsoon Wedding " and "  Salaam Bombay ! " at the Bollywood Movie Awards in Long Island about filmmaking in India and America and her adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel about loss and family , "  The Namesake . " ... . Film director Mira Nair CNN : What inspired you to make "  The Namesake " ? Mira Nair : I happened to read "  The Namesake " on a plane in early 2004 , when I traveled from New York to Jo ` berg to finish the filming of "  Vanity Fair . " I read "  Namesake " while in huge grief with the death of a beloved person to me -LSB- Mira 's mother in law -RSB- . It was at that state of mourning that I picked up this novel , and in it Jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and I thought I had been understood by someone . It was also a story that linked the two cities in which I had grown up -- Calcutta and New York City -- and it was almost certainly the road that I had traveled . It just spoke to me and I felt compelled to do this film . A few months later we were shooting it . CNN : It 's filmed in both India and New York , such different cultures . Tell us about the universal themes involved during the film . Nair : Well , the story of movement and crossings is as old as the hills . It 's a tale of millions of us that have left one home for another , and tried to find out who we are through these places . Then when we have children , life gets more interesting . It is about growing up through our adult lives and our children 's lives . It is also equally a love story between two people who come from a culture who do n't send roses and diamonds for love ; who sit at a kitchen table and look at each other . It 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young Gogol who is 15 and grows up in an American world because he wishes to be American . That flow -- that see-saw between parents and children , that 's what "  The Namesake " is about . CNN : Tell us about casting the role of Gogol . Nair : Well , Kal Penn plays Gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but I had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , "  This has to be your Gogol . " I did n't take him seriously at all until every night the campaign mounted at home : "  Tell me in the morning it 's Kal Penn ! " he would say . And then Kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen "  Mississippi Masala " when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things . He came to my office and auditioned and he was just so appealing , and so much the real thing , that I cast him as Gogol . CNN : How have Indian audiences reacted to your heavily western-influenced films ? Nair : It 's not that different a kind of audience , that 's what pleases me . "  Salaam Bombay ! " we really made for the children on the streets and the kids who really love that Bollywood stuff , and also with "  Deeply Alternative , " which ran for 27 weeks . "  Monsoon Wedding " was also a big hit in India . But no , they do n't come to my films for Bollywood fare ; it 's a completely alternative thing . In terms of audiences on both sides , I 've been blessed : the films have been really well received and highly anticipated . CNN : "  The Namesake " was filmed in America and India . What differences were there in the two locations ? Nair : In India it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but I get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in America it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . CNN : "  The Namesake " is about not losing the identity of Indian culture . Was that a challenge ? Nair : I am at home in many cultures . I live actively in three continents and I 've done that for most of my life , so I just make films as I see the world , and that happens to speak to people . I do things that I want to do . It so happens because I am fluent in both worlds that my films enter both worlds , perhaps . CNN : Do Indian and American audiences behave differently ? Nair : No , not really . I think films have to reach people and really grab them . That 's what I hope to do when I make a film -- to get under your skin and really make you think about something , and have a transporting time that takes you somewhere . E-mail to a friend	Nair directed "  Monsoon Wedding , " "  Vanity Fair , " "  Salaam Bombay ! " Her film , "  The Namesake , " is based on Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel Nair cast character of "  Gogol " after teenage son 's recommendation Nair : Indian and American audiences "  not that different "
CNN  -- After 18 months of terror and grave devastation , Syrian children are plagued with trauma from witnessing the horrors of war firsthand , an international aid group says . Save the Children released a report on Tuesday called "  Untold Atrocities , " a collection of accounts from Syrian refugee children . "  A massacre took place in my village . Around 25 people were killed -- I witnessed it with my own eyes , " said Mohamad , 15 , who has fled to Jordan with his family . "  They used different ways to kill people -- electric shocks , throwing machinery and cement blocks on people 's heads . " Hassan , 14 , described the use of children as human shields , echoing reports from opposition activists that the Syrian regime had done so . He said his cousin and uncle died when a rocket "  caused a massacre . " "  Almost every child we 've spoken to has seen family members killed , " Save the Children said . Even those who survive attacks face dire circumstances . "  When we were being bombed , we had nothing . No food , no water , no toys -- nothing . There was no way to buy food -- the markets and shops were bombed out , " Ala'a , 10 , said . "  My father went without food for days because there was n't enough . I remember watching him tie his stomach with rope so he would n't feel so hungry . " Wael , 16 , summarized the trauma this way : "  I have seen children slaughtered . I do n't think I 'll ever be OK again . " In other developments : Diplomatic front : Obama pledges support , Qatar offers a new plan for Syria U.S. President Barack Obama used his keynote speech at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday to pledge American support for those working for a "  common good " for Syria -- and sanctions against those doing harm . "  In Syria , the future must not belong to a dictator who massacres his people , " he said . "  If there is a cause that cries out for protest in the world today , it is a regime that tortures children and shoots rockets at apartment buildings . And we must remain engaged to assure that what began with citizens demanding their rights does not end in a cycle of sectarian violence . " French President Francois Hollande also had strong words on Syria , saying that areas "  liberated " by opposition forces should be protected by the United Nations . "  There have been almost 30,000 deaths in the last 18 months -- how many more deaths will we wait for before we act ? How can we allow the paralysis of the United Nations to continue ? " he asked . Hollande said France would recognize an opposition government once it is formed , and that the current regime had lost its right to represent the country on the international stage . France has been at the forefront of international efforts to bring about a resolution in Syria . In his address to the General Assembly , Qatar Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim Al Thani said the violence in Syria had reached "  an unacceptable phase " and urged fellow Arab nations to intervene . "  We have used all available means to get Syria out of the cycle of killing , but that was in vain , " he said . In light of the U.N. Security Council 's failure to act effectively , he said , "  It is better for the Arab countries themselves to interfere out of their national , humanitarian , political and military duties and do what it necessary to stop the bloodshed in Syria ... in order to guarantee a peaceful transition of power in Syria . " His words come a day after he proposed a "  Plan B " for solving the Syrian crisis , saying a nonviolent solution is still possible despite more than a year of relentless bloodshed . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday , Al Thani said the plan would include havens -- which would require a no-fly zone -- and greater humanitarian aid . "  We wish and we believe that we can solve it peacefully , " Al Thani said . But , he said , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has only one solution : "  killing his people to win the war . " "  I believe within weeks , we should have a Plan B. And there is a responsibility among us , " he said . "  We are talking about saving the people of Syria . " UK Foreign Secretary William Hague , who spoke to Amanpour on Tuesday , described the situation in the U.N. Security Council with respect to Syria as being at a "  diplomatic impasse . " "  We are blocked in the United Nations Security Council from the world being able to put its full weight behind a transitional government in Syria , something that it is obvious solution , obviously part of the solution , " he said . Hague was referring to Russia and China , which have repeatedly blocked draft resolutions that would take stronger action against al-Assad 's regime . The secretary is scheduled to meet with Russian leaders this week to discuss the ongoing crisis . On the ground : Blasts strike a Damascus compound Dual attacks rattled a Syrian intelligence security compound in Damascus , the regime and opposition activists said Tuesday . The compound was also the site of a major explosion in March . Syrian state-run TV said the two improvised explosive devices were "  planted by terrorists " in a school building and caused seven injuries . Opposition activists said the Syrian military was using the school building as a base . The new school year has not yet started , Syrian state TV said , so it seems unlikely that children would have been at the site . In June , Human Rights Watch described cases of "  sexual torture " at the compound , reported by male and female detainees -- many of whom were political activists or simply attended protests . At least 148 people were killed across Syria on Tuesday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . The highest number of deaths , 44 , was reported in Damascus and its suburbs , where regime forces and rebel fighters are engaged in fierce clashes and communities are under aerial bombardment , the LCC said . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Saad Abedine , Holly Yan , Samuel Burke and Claire Calzonetti contributed to this report .	The UK foreign secretary describes the Security Council as being at an impasse France 's Hollande says the United Nations should protect "  liberated areas " in Syria Obama : Future "  must not belong to a dictator who massacres his people " "  I have seen children slaughtered . I do n't think I 'll ever be OK again , " a boy says
CNN  -- When New York City Marathon organizers announced that the destruction wreaked by Hurricane Sandy would not cause the cancellation of Sunday 's prestigious race , few people will have been as relieved as Adam Chataway . The Londoner is a man on a mission -- he ran five marathons on five continents before making it to the Big Apple , and cycled the last leg of the journey from Boston . Sunday 's race will be his sixth in less than 30 days , all run to honor the memory of his late fiancee and provide an education for Ethiopian children . "  There are fallen trees , electricity poles and stuff like that , " the 34-year-old told CNN from the roadside after the hurricane had caused widespread disruption along the east coast of the U.S. "  It has certainly made it more interesting . I imagine the fine people of New York will show their character and come out and represent . I 'm sure it will be a special occasion . " The superstorm has claimed more than 140 lives across North America and the Caribbean , but that has not deterred Chataway as he moves closer to the final 26.2 miles of his task . "  I think people thought we were daft when we said we were going to cycle from Boston to New York , but now they know why , as we could n't have flown to New York , " he said after arriving in the U.S. on Tuesday . "  There has n't been too much of a chance to get a sense of people . Obviously it is all over the news and I think people , especially here on the eastern seaboard , are a little bit shellshocked . " His global quest began in South America on October 7 with the Buenos Aires marathon . He has since completed a punishing schedule which included races in Australia , Jordan , Kenya and the Republic of Ireland . The long road Chataway has traveled began in 2006 when his bride-to-be Vicky was killed in a cycling accident on her way home from work in London . Adam established "  Vicky 's Water Project " in her memory to help bring clean water to a region of Ethiopia . "  I was fortunate enough to get a lot of time off work and I wanted to do something worthwhile with it , " explains Chataway . "  I worked with the charity ActionAid to establish a project in Ethiopia , which is now up and running . As a result of that being set up , children no longer need to spend all day collecting water . So there 's now a shortage of classrooms . " The shortage gave birth to Chataway 's latest fundraising venture , which he hopes will generate enough money to build four classrooms in the Lera Town area of Ethiopia . He set off with the aim of raising Â # 10,000  $ 16,000  , but he is close to doubling that figure . To date , Chataway has collected around Â # 18,000 in his "  adventure of a lifetime . " Chataway comes from a family with running pedigree -- his father Christopher is a former 5,000 meters world record-holder and was a pacemaker when fellow Briton Roger Bannister became the first man to run one mile in under four minutes in 1954 . "  I wanted to do every marathon close to the three hours and 45 minutes target , " Adam said . "  I thought it was pushing myself close to the limit while also being able to sustain it . All of them have been there or thereabouts , my legs have held up to the rigors of it . " Chataway might not have met that target -- clocking four hours and 45 minutes for the Nairobi marathon in Kenya -- but he did achieve something even his father and the great Bannister would have struggled with . In his schedule , the Nairobi and Dublin Marathons were numbers four and five respectively , which presented a problem . The two races were on consecutive days and being staged on different continents . "  The Nairobi marathon was at seven on Sunday , " he explains . "  I went to the start line in the knowledge I was up against the finest marathon-running nation on the planet , so knew I was on a bit of a hiding to nothing . "  I daubed myself down with a wet wipe , much to the disappointment of my fellow passengers on the five-hour flight from Nairobi to Abu Dhabi . "  I had six hours on the ground there and just tried to get as much water as I could and some food inside me and stretch my legs . I took off from there at 2:30 a.m. and landed in Dublin at 6:45 a.m. "  I got changed at the airport , met friends and family at the start line and I managed to get around the Dublin marathon in three hours and 38 minutes on slightly weary , but thankfully forgiving , legs . " So with just New York left to tick off on this testing trip , what is next for this Running Man ? "  Sleep and beer , " he replies . "  In London . "	British man is running six marathons on six continents in less than 30 days Adam Chataway is raising funds to build four classrooms in Ethiopian town The final leg of Londoner 's challenge is Sunday 's New York City Marathon Organizers of the race say it will go ahead despite Hurricane Sandy
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Police arrested four suspected members of the Basque separatist group ETA early Tuesday , seizing 200 kilograms  440 pounds  of explosives , Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said . The pre-dawn raids took place in Bilbao , the largest Basque city in northern Spain , and the nearby town of Galdakao , where police also found bomb-making components , Rubalcaba said in a nationally televised news conference . Spanish media , citing police sources , said the suspects are linked to ETA 's killing two years ago of a police intelligence officer in the Basque region , but Rubalcaba only would confirm that investigators were analyzing possible links to a series of unsolved ETA attacks . The arrests come during a unilateral ETA cease-fire which the outlawed group declared January 10 , promising it would be "  permanent , general and verifiable . " But the Socialist government has repeatedly said it would not ease the police pressure against ETA , which in 2006 broke an earlier "  permanent " cease-fire with a car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two men and caused extensive damage . Rubalcaba said the arrests Tuesday have "  enormous importance " because the four are suspected of operating clandestinely for ETA , under the cover of living and working "  as normal citizens , integrated into Basque society , which makes it very difficult for police to find them . " Police have worked to locate these suspected clandestine operatives for more than two years , since the arrest of a suspected ETA military chief in November 2008 , Rubalcaba said . The suspects include two men and two women , ranging in age from 31 to 37 years old , the Interior Ministry said in a statement , adding that police also seized three firearms and forged identity documents for the Basque regional police force in the raids . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union . ETA 's last killing in the Basque region was in 2009 . A senior police intelligence officer , Eduardo Puelles , died when a limpet bomb -- which attaches to its target magnetically -- exploded under his car . It is among a number unsolved ETA attacks over the past few years . On January 18 , a week after ETA 's latest cease-fire announcement , police arrested 10 people , most of them for alleged links to a shadowy group called Ekin , which authorities say passes directives from ETA 's leadership to a string of equally shadowy support groups . "  The government 's anti-terrorist policy has not changed at all because ETA has not definitively abandoned its weapons . And as long as it does n't , the police will continue to arrest them , one after another , " Rubalcaba said .	The Basque separatist group declared a unilateral cease-fire in January ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for Basque independence ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union
